
I ordered 3-Items of This Iphone 4s 16gb White Unlocked & Never Receive them not even 1. In my Orders Page, It says It is in &#34;Transit&#34; but never arrive, Also Says &#34;Shipping Now&#34; & No actions, Technical Problems Or Out of stock. I just decided not to get one. All my Credit Bank transactions are messy. So this is How I rate for Iphones Than any other Orders.

I love my iPhone as soon as it arrived i felt in love with it! works perfectly well. It was easy to installed to the company i wanted. and best of all works well. I'm very happy with my iPhone! And it was as described and was ship on the day. Also they had the tracking  confirmation included.

I bought this iphone to give someone in abroad.  but later I came to know that this phone doesn,t work properly.

Product shipped as expected, was in great condition except the battery would not keep a charge and I had to purchase a new one.

everything was ok with the purchase, i bought the iphone to my daughter and she is very happy with her iphone 4S

El producto viene con todos los accesorios acordado, excelente atencion! Fue entregado en el tiempo de estimacion, no poseo ninguna queja, todo excelente!

excelente, mercancia rapida y en buen estado. excelente, mercancia rapida y en buen estado. excelente, mercancia rapida y en buen estado.

Before buying this over here on amazon i tried to buy it directly from Apple website but i do not know why I can't, I saw this product and was not sure if buy it because it was provided by an outside vendor,  i decided to the risk and Buy it to &#34;UnlockedFones&#34;. After two weeks I got it and everything worked perfectly, i'm from venezuela , so yes, it's fully unlocked and running with Movistar :D. i'm More than happy. sorry my bad englishAntes de comprar por ac&aacute; en amazon intente hacer la compra directamente a apple por su p&aacute;gina pero no s&eacute; porque no pude, vi este articulo y no estaba seguro si comprarlo porque no lo provee amazon directamente sino un vendedor externo, a&uacute;n asi decid&iacute; arriesgarme y lo compre a &#34;UnlockedFones&#34;. Luego de dos semanas lo recibi y todo funcion&oacute; perfectamente, cabe destacar que soy Venezuela, as&iacute; que si est&aacute; completamente desbloqueado y funcionando con Movistar :D. M&aacute;s que feliz

it's like it was described i like that it was in a good condition, but it has scratches on the top

Amazoing production and really happy , its gift and it works great and iffact its new and not used. i got very good offer.

the iphone is great.  i just hate the fact that you cannot add memory to it compared to the samsung galaxy phone.  anyway, maybe apple will do something about this pretty soon.  i dont mind paying for the music via itunes; is not much really. but my main thing is the memory limitation.  thank you.

Perfect conditions. Works just as new. Totally recommended. Great customer service always willing to answer questions. Overall a great buy

Another happy camper! I have an IPad and my new phone is a great addition! I can now use my phone in whatever country I'm in and take pictures at the same time!

I wasn't planning on writing a review of this item since I had to return it but decided to give an honest feedback so that the amazon customers like me who rely a lot on customers review can make a good decision before purchasing this product. I had ordered two unlocked phones for my family. Both phones came LOCKED with AT&T. What a hassle I had to go thru. Running from T mobile to AT&T to Apple store to try to figure out how to unlock these phones. Apple store tech confirmed that both phones were on 2 year lease and locked with At&t. No wonder phones didn't even look new. Whole day got wasted in that. Then the hassle of contacting the sellers and waiting for their response, running to post office to return,  not a good experience at all. I must say that sellers were prompt in sending me a return label though. But why did they advertise it wrong and put us thru such inconvenience!

Factory unlocked phones are more valuable because you can take them to any carrier you like, I use a t Mobil $30.00 a month has 100 min, unlimited text, and 5Gb data and unlimited 3 & 2 G internet. It's a very compelling value offered almost exclusively though Walmart. Also the 4s is a world phone. I find this to be the best value on the market for Apple phones. I bought these for my parents and they are thrilled to have a smart phone on a budget plan.

The iphone arrived very quickly, now im in Mexico and I can tell it is working perfectly!the only thing that i didnt like was that The iphone came opened , and thats why it has a 4 star rate

Im from Venezuela. I bought this phone last year, unlocked because I had to move to Barcelona, Spain. Until now I have used it without problems, except that the accessories were FAKE, when I touched the headphones I realized they were made with some cheap plastic... But well, I thought it was only that. For my surprise, my phone fell so I took it to the Apple Store here in Barcelona, to the specialist, and after a minute looking at it he told me he couldn't do anything for me because the phone was FAKE, the screen was not as bright, the finishes were not equal, the screws were not the same, but that it really was a good imitation. Im totally disappointed, I had to buy a new phone... It really worked as an iphone, I can tell because I had other iphones before... So take care.

Very good from evry point of vew it is ok rapid  clear  except the volume not hight enought  when you start to answer you do need to use hight volume

Got it for my wife .. Got myself a iphone 5 .. But the 4S looks better and feels better in hand..

I bought an iphone 4S 16GB  factory unlocked, black for my son as a x-mas gift who leaves in Fiji. He told me, that was a coolest gift, he liked it very much. He's using his iphone for calling, internet, listening to music, camera, making movie, skype, games, ect...

Never in my life have I received such abuse from a seller  (Rps_168) who insisted that i was a liar, cheat and extortionist. The used iphone was received with a dis-functional main button, dis-functional camera and incorrect cable (for iphone 5). After an extremely disagreeable exchange of emails lasting over 3 months and after I had invested in 100 USD to repair the phone and only after intervention on the part of Amazon, did the seller finally agreed to a refund of the buying price. This would have meant a loss of 150 USD incl. shipping and insurance and hence I had to keep the phone. The phone had apparently been bought by the seller from a liquidation store in Texas!! Altogether it was an extremely unpleasant experience for what was to be a birthday present for my daughter. Be careful when buying secondhand products on Amazon.

Im sorry but i got my iphone & its horible , the package was bad , and the charger was all scratched and didnt even work ! i had to move it around , so i am RETURNING IT !

thnx amazon my iphone just came on time and its great. cant stop playing with it. since it iphone there is nothing much to say.

I am very satisfied with my purchase. Iphone 4s came as described: New 16gb, white color, Unlocked, ios 5.1.1. Shipping was fast.

with apple there is not much i can say, but perfect, this phone its great, have everything a need and more.

Phone works great, condition as described.Really fast service, thanks for that.The only downside was bad quality of USB cable - had to replace it within 2 weeks.

The  price was excellent and  it works very well outside US. I have use it Brazil and  in others countries.

You had fast service and I am very happy with my new iPhone.  It works perfectly and I love it Thanks!!  Dee

Is perfect. Fast shipping. I like Siri. I recomend this seller. The iPhone 4S is very fast on The web, and the camera is 1080p.

cuando realice la compra de 2 tel&eacute;fonos iphone 4s desbloqueado opte por producto nuevo, pero al momento que me lo env&iacute;an y al recibirlo me percato que uno de los telefonos iphone 4s desbloqueado es nuevo en caja con los accesorios da&ntilde;ados y la pila no agarra carga, el otro iphone 4s desbloqueado es usado y no vino en su caja como tampoco llego con sus respectivos accesorios, para lo cual recomiendo a amazon a validar esta situaci&oacute;n ya que deja mucho que desear, por que se y entiendo que la final me tengo que quedar con la mercanc&iacute;a ya que no hay a quien reclamar, pero espero que tomen carta en el asuntos, atento a sus comentarios......when making buying 2 phones iphone 4s unlocked chooses new product, but when you sent me and upon receipt I realize that one of the telefonos iphone 4s unlocked is new in box with accessories damaged and the battery does not grab charge the other iphone 4s unlocked is used and did not come in its box and neither came with their accessories, for which I recommend to amazon to validate this situation because it leaves much to be desired, he is and understand that the end have to be me with the goods as there is to complain to, but I hope you take the letter matters, attentive to your comments

After sometime questioning the originality of the acessories, cause they simply didn't work on the regular plug, I went to the technical assistence near my house, and I founded out that all the acessories were fake.

I AM VISUALLY IMPAIRED AND I CAN'T SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS PHONE. THE SIRRI FEATURE IS FANTASTIC. ALL I HAVE TO DO IS TALK TO IT. THE OTHER NICE FEATURE , BESIDES THE OTHER HUNDRDS OF FEATURES IS THAT YOU CAN REALLY ENLARGE THE FONTS FOR EASY VIEWING. I AM OLD SCHOOL AND WAS WORRIED ABOUT LEARNING ALL THE FUNTION,,HOWEVER IT WAS SO SIMPLE TO LEARN , THAT I CAN'T BELIEVE IT. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANYONE, ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE A HANDICAP. GOOD JOB APPLE. KEEP IT UP.

I bought my iPhone 4S 16GB from Amazon.com and had it ship-forwarded to my country. Unfortunately, the mobile operators in my country do not support FaceTime and sell a local iPhone 4S version without the application; some local retailers sell iPhone 4S with FaceTime and charge significantly high, but I managed to save money by purchasing it from Amazon.com plus the ship-forwarding. Even if the mobile operator does not support FaceTime, I can still use it with Apple ID and free of charge through Wi-Fi. I am also very pleased with WorldWide Distributors since they shipped the phone free within one day and delivered it to my US address in four days. The only one issue I had is that when I tried to set up the phone for the first time, it failed to verify and gave me a message that the phone might be damaged; I tried many ways to get it working, including a hard restore back to manufacturer using iTunes, but I still get the same message. I reported this to WorldWide Distributors to request for a replacement, but four days after when I was about to ship it back, I gave it a final try and surprisingly it passed the verification and worked. I do not know what happened, but the phone was probably suffering from jet lag and needed few days to recover. I had my old iPhone 3GS easily backed up to iTunes and restored to my new iPhone 4S, and I started using my new phone in no time. I am very pleased with this purchase, except for the minor inconvenience of getting it to work the first time.

Un producto de muy buena calidad y excelente funciones, resistente y duradero, la video llamada es muy buena siempre y cuando tengas un buen operador telefonico

HE/She is the worst DO NOT ANYTHING FROM HIM... SUPPOSE TO HAVE MY PRODUCT YESTERDAY TILL TODAY I DON'T HAVE IT.

Everything was carried out perfectly! Product state was impeccable and price was not bad. Totally satisfied customer here. Thank you!

Buying the iPhone 4s was the best thing I have ever done. With the 8 megapixel I'll never miss another beautiful moment un-captured. Siri is of great help as well assisting me on all task. It's like having my own personal assistant.

Works just like it was new. The fact that it was unlocked was a plus so I could pick my own provider.

I don't like this because Phone signal very bad cannot access in my college. So I am disappointed using this phone all the time. I don't recommend this phone to others.

I will definetly recommend it, money well spent, it is exactly what i hoped for, will buy it again if i have the money

I bought a &#34;new&#34; iphone wich 2 months later started to shut down randomly, I tried to get to the seller and they never answer, in addition my apple store told me it was 1 year old, so I never get the product I payed for.Worst service ever

I Phone 4s 3 Please cancel the card as soon as maximum values''.It's been three months.Please cancel the card

I was a little worried about buying an iPhone from amazon because of some of the reviews stating that it arrived without parts or that it was still tied to the previous owner, but I am very happy I ended up purchasing it. Not only did it come very well packaged with a charging cable and wall adapter, but the phone itself looked unused. No giant scuffs or scratches and it was completely factory reset which let me easily pop a sim card into it and start using it.Great price for a great phone, I would recommend this to anyone who wants an iPhone with out having to sign up with a contract.

not bad

The Iphone is unlocked. It brings their accessories released and described on the site. 100% recommend this phone. From day one the phone works perfectly. I think the internet is faster than the iPod touch 4G

Perhaps the iphone was the best phone ever made by 2009.Perhaps it was even the case in 2010 and 2011.And you could understand to pay a big premium for the phone back then.But now, in 2013, it seems to be so expensive!You get less  features than  new unlocked android phones like nexus4, or even the not popular-but-great nokia lumias. Hardware spec are so subpar, no full 4G, processor, wifi, etc not so good. Yeah, iOS  apps are great, but that is a different story.I returned the phone. No way could be worth that amount, maybe only $200-250 bucks.Hands down, better deals are the nexus and the lumia. And you can get these phones second hand a lot cheaper.

it is just what i expected. i had iphone 3, but this is much better, similar to iphone 5 but smaller and heavier, although that i love it. :)

For me it came out to be cheaper to puchase with a subsidy contract BUT unlock it from an Authorized iPhone unlocking service like iFactoryUnlock ((com)) since I did not want to be bothered with jailbreaking hacks. I do not mind being on contract but I want to be "able" to switch out SIM cards when I travel or when I want to carry one phone and not two (work/private). In those situations I can use a dual SIM attachment.I am really enjoy the use of Siri on the device and the quickness of the iPhone 4S has imporved to me over the previous models. I'm looking forward to what is coming down the road with the new iPhone 5.

I purchased a "new" iPhone 4S, and after 3 days it broke down. Turned out it had been broken, used, and jail broken!! So what ever you do go to the apple store!!! Even though its a bit more expensive it's worth it!! It's what I ended up doing.

Even though the post offered an iPhone 4S, I received an iPhone 4. I decided to keep it, but it's not what I wanted and what I paid for. Not bad, though, but I could have paid that amount of money for a new iPhone 4 instead of a refurbished 4S.

Don't buy this phone! I have T-Mobile and I was trying to get an iPhone after my android phone got water damage. I spent the whole night searching for a good deal on unlocked phones and after I read a few comments I learned apple.com(in the US) sells factory unlocked phone! You can get a iphone 4s and the applecare+ (which protects your phone for two years) for the same price that this phone is going for and this one doesn't even offer insurance!! I'm definitely not buying one from any other website after I learned this!

not so cool price ,, i can get my own iphone 4s unlocked for 649$ from apple store and ship it to my country :p

Product description was saying the factory unlocked and it is false, I can not use the iphone 4s. bye bye

I love this phone. I bought it for my sister on Christmas day. The only thing is, I don't see the difference between the iphone 4 and the 4s. Only siri is added and a better camera. Well, I am still proud I made this purchase because it takes GREAT pictures and is EXTREMELY fast. If you want a faster phone, get the iphone 5, there isn't that much speed difference. Like I said, this is a great phone!

Its a good product, they send you the right thing, the one that you aked for.. So, they deserve 5 stars, congrats!!!!

Muy rapido, excelentes fotos, empaque nuevo sellado con todos sus accesorios muy buen producto y lego en el tiempo esperado 100% recomendado

This unlocked phone was new in box exactly as advertised.  Put SIM card in slot and fired right up.  I am using it on the Walmart network for $39 I get unlimited talk, text, and internet.  No contract!  I am loving it.

The best phone I have ever had, truly unlocked and came in the best condition. Now I can say that my life is easier thanks to this phone.

I've a problem with my iphone when a send to apple to repair they toll me that my phone has two IMEI and was out of warranty and was not a original iphone

excuse the delay brother came very fast excellent service I have still not in my hands for being outside of the United estate but was told it was in its original packaging (with labels) so I guess I should be all right thank you very much for excellent service would recommend 100%

I give it a 0 star .I brought a new phone for my mother but the one that came in was a totalripoff. the phone was locked( could not be activated at all ) and to top it off the battery was faulty and would not hold for more than couple of hours.I would strongly advise anyone thinking of getting an iPhone to stay away from this seller.

This is the best phone I ever had. I bought mine right from Apple. It has not crashed once, its flawless to me. I'm no tech geek, but I have no complaints. Coming from Droid, I dunno why It took me so long.You will not be disappointed!

I love the phone but had various issues with it that are all mainly resolved now.  I took it to an Apple store and the genius there said it wasn't new.  Whether that is true or not I'll never know.  For that reason though Apple wouldn't swap it for another one.  Restoring it &#34;as a new phone&#34; fixed the glitches.

Arriaved very fast, it's unlocked, new and white, just want I wanted. In good conditions, it's not broken and I'm using it outside the U.S

the device package had been violated, missing a key to remove the SIM card, otherwise it seems the phone seems to be fine

HI MF.....You say phone unlock... but when I put sim card in it say iphone lock from AT&T.; I have to pay around 150$ to unlock it...... can you tell me!......PS MF...Mother F.

This iphone is perfect.  It has beautiful design, smart systerm, clear photo and clear voice,  so I love it very much.

This is clearly an old phone instead of a new one as claimed on the website. It was $555 when I bought it.I returned it back.

Apple iPhone 4S 16GB White - UnlockedNot necessary to describe an Iphone correct everyone buying one knows what is getting

Excellent ! I gave it as a gift to my wife and she is really happy. You can buy it without any concern. It really works fine.

IM BRAZILIANAND ITS WORK PERFECTLY HEREI'M USIN A VIVO SIM CARD IN IT !AND SAVE ME A LOT OF MONEYTANKYOU !

I purchased this item under the guise that it was unlocked as posted in the add. It was not unlocked to my Digicel network in Jamaica an I had to pay JMD$15,000/US$136 to unlock same. This is very poor on the sellers behalf. If i had known this I would not have made the purchase. And to date Amazon has not responded even though i complained about same.

Do you remember the good old days when we really used to have fantastic customer service? Well this company had actually brought the faith back and the way they handle the complaint and solved the problem with both speed and efficiency was amazing. I really wish all companies would learn a lesson or two from them. I would not go anywhere else to buy any electronic product but from them.Thank you very much.

it was for my child, she is very happy with it.

A great new phone. Happy with his work! Fast delivery. Problems with unlocking. Everything was decided, but for the extra money.

El producto llego en excelentes condiciones, en el tiempo indicado. El producto funciona perfectamente y contiene todos los accesorios que se establecieron en la compra

Apple priced iPhone 4s as $549 now. How would it be still priced high than the original's ?  Who's still buying here?

it works everything is in good shape. a couple chips is off but great. can not ask for more now

It is very easy to use it! The color is cute just what I wanted. There is no problem with it

I bought this phone, and did not come unlocked, as promocinan. For this reason I could not use it and I lost my money

430 bucks, however, it is unlocked and can be activated with any service without needing a contract. I recommend buying this over a 5 if you are a computer scientist (for obvious reasons.)

It looks like this is a re-conditioned iphone 4S from what it appeared when I open the box. I thought it should be a brand new phone.

It took some longer than expected and the charger is not working. The case was opened but the Iphone looks brand new and it is all functioning

I bought this new iPhone for my wife as her Xmas gift.  However, she did sign up with AT&T's plan and would get her new iPhone 4S there anyway.  Therefore, I just filled up a return form and arranged by Amazon website with UPS tracking #.  Everything was set and my money was back in a couple of days.

i Just got my iphone 4s there were a few mishaps but i am very happy to have gotten my phone. they are very patient and understanding i know i will be faithful buyer from this seller

I paid for a new Iphone and I got a refurbished one so I STRONGLY RECOMMEND NOT TO BUY THIS SELLER'S PRODUCTS

came in time,good packing, I had some problems with the operating system which was sorted by a re-start.The new operating system sorted out that problems and it is working properly.a very fast, exccellent camera, Wi Fi update no need to connect to the coputer.

my phone is not work, so i want to change a new one; the white is very beautiful, i like it very much; i will recommend it to my girl friend.

Great unlocked iphone,as great as described,but box wasnt new,it is only one negative thing ,but tottaly very great product.thumbs up!

I chose this rating because the appliance is actually very good.Not only liked it because wanted in white and got black in color.But I recommend to anyone.

YES!!!  Finally got rid of expensive name brand providers.  This Iphone worked perfectly with no user setup required other than installing the SIM card.Reception and transmission is great!  I went with the 4S because my new cellular service doesn't have the Nano SIM card used in the Iphone5.This 4S was sold as 'unlocked from the factory' and it exceeded my expectations for ease of use.  Apparently it automatically configured itself to work.  Yes, I would recommend this to anyone, especially anyone needing a phone for one of the new low cost providers.

Yup! i like it! It comes with the earphones and charger.There's only scratch on the lower part but it works well with me. I think i was just lucky since my other friend ordered the same but there's a big cracked on the screen where he was so sad.

Love it!! Everything works perfectly!! And it was MINT!! I had the Iphone 3 so i knew the apple products!

I purchased this phone for my wife, as I own one myself and have had no problems with the phone. The phone that I purchased is a refurbished phone, and I have had purchased refurbished items before without any issues. The refurbished iPhone that I purchased has a problem with poor battery life and I tried following steps published by Apple to reduce the battery usage unsuccessfully as the phone battery still drains in less than a day. Compared to my iPhone, which has decent battery life, I am very dissatisfied with the new iPhone. I like the iPhone in general, but this particular purchase did not meet my expectations.

unfortunately the phone came with me to Venezuela this striped screen defects, to bring light to take a picture as if Danana screen returned I really need a new phone or give me a solution to this problem

It doesn't work , front cam doesn't function and you cant turn it on  ...!!! for all this I don't like it .

I bought it for my father and it's good .He like it very much.It has a stable systom.Thank you for your iphone!

The best phone on the market. delivered in a timely manner. really to recommend. and I'm enjoying it. I hope you do the same. thanks

I give it five stars for a good product... the phone came as is specified in the publication... works excellent addition to preserve his good physical condition

The iphone came unlocked like the post says, it worked fine the first days until i decided to turn on the camera flash to take a picture, then suddenly a blue light appeared on the screen. This is happening everytime I turn on the flash (pic or video). They sent me a deficient phone and i just realise it and i cant turn it back!!

Good and simple phone i really recomend this phone the battery life is not to good for me but the phone is good

I ordered an &#34;new unlocked iPhone 4s&#34;, however, what I got in the package is:1. The case is not factory new and was opened before and was re-taped. There's no plastic thin film to cover the case as you bought it directly from apple store. .2. The front cover is an case for &#34;iPhone 4s&#34;, however, the back cover with the model number &#34;A1332&#34; on it indicates it's definitly a cover for &#34;iPhone 4&#34;.3, The iMEI number and the device itself confirm that it's an iPhone 4, not an iPhone 4s as I ordered.4. There's no receipt in the package.I know iPhone 4s and iPhone 4 look similar to each other, but I think I can still figure it out.

This phone is a great buy, I am very happy with them, I recomended very much. Thanks for your sale

It has been extremely hard for me to find an iPhone that is actually unlocked and in a good condition at a reasonable price. The shipping was very fast, i was extremely impressed, and the phone looked just like how it was described, great seller , all thumbs up

This was an absolutly perfect purchase. The phone was great and he even wrote a little note saying he hoped I enjoyed the item and all was well. Very awesome.

The phone is not new. It's used. Also,  the serial number on the package is different than the phone. I bought this item as a new phone but I got used one. Why this buyer lied when the title said new phone.

So, after ordering 3 i-phones on Amazon, i am coming to the conclusion that it is neither safe nor worth it. All 3 phones, according to the Amazon' description, were UNLOCKED and BRAND NEW. However, ALL THREE came USED, LOCKED, AND BEING ACTIVATED TWICE! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND BUYING FROM THIS SELLER ANYTHING OR EVER!  Moreover, i would NOT recommend buying an i-phones on Amazon period(even though i was a #1 fan of this site). Big bummer!Hope this helps!

It was unlocked!!  It has worked just great so far.  Thanks for the quick delivery.  I have been able to use it with any network.

The telephone is good, no problem with it. It acomplished our expectation about. We like it very much and we will buy the upgrades.

Why in the world would I buy this, when the Apple store sells it for so much less?  The list price at Apple is $649.

The Box Cell phone arrived in the original box , but look like  used and scratched , lack the earphones ,manuals , they selling like new but the phone was used ,  but the worst the iPhone have a problem with the net its impossible connecting with a cell company , several technical departments tell me that iphone have problems of manufacturing I going to return as soon as possible

very bad costumer service and not unlock miss the part

All was and is perfect! Everything as I read in the page was as they said, i' m really happy with the phone!

I bought the phone for my husband and it has been working well so far.  He seems satisfied with the product and continues to explore the features.

When I received this phone the labels and barcodes were torn off of the box,(which prompted me to believe that this could be a stolen device) so I contacted the seller to advise of why this was done he then stated that he made a mistake and sent me the wrong phone (keep in mind during all of this he kept asking me to remove my review which I did) and that he would like to take the opportunity to fix it. I tried explaining to the seller that my cell provider will not insure this phone without the original packaging matching the phones serial numbers... He still persisted to ask me to remove my review... Once the review was removed all contact with this seller stopped. I have been trying and have given him multiple means to contact me... at this point I just want the correct product and to never deal with this seller again...

i Was Just Curious if anyone Knew if These "Unlocked" iPhones Work With TMobile/TMobile Sim Cards? Kuz i'm Really Thinking about Buying one of These, But i Want To Make Sure That it'll Work For My TMobile Plan..

is this phone gsm and tel us some more bout the phone we in the bahamas love the phone but its hard to get the rite phone if we dont no if its gsm

FINE FINE FINE ME ENCANTA AUN NO ME HA LLEGADO ESPERO Q ME LLEGUE PRONTO.. Y EN BUENAS CONDICIONES CONFIO EN ESTE VENDEDOR..

I have already an old ipod, I love it. I use it all the time.Now, I have something MUCHmore and better!!!!It is so good that it is as easy to use as an ipod. I have a Samsung fancy phone, I could never learn how to use it, it was so complicated! And I have it since ca. 3-4 years...so, if you can afford an iphone, go for it! But it is a bit(quite, in fact) heavy....

My childs are very happy. They use it all day, a bit too much. The variety of cases is much fun

The  Apple iPhone 4S meets all my expectations in good shape. This was a present to my daughter and she has been enjoying every moment with this phone.

well purchased Apple iPhone 4S 16GB White - Unlocked  i did really like it and my wife loves it :)

The phone I bought was sent to me in record time as was advertised.It was as new and worked perfectly.All the features mentioned by the seller are correct.

IPhone in very good shape branded new, the same color I chose, no scratches or signs of wear and tear, boxed and well packaged.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono, recomendado 100%La c&aacute;mara es incre&iacute;ble.Face time insuperable (video llamadas)El GPS funciona de maravilla,Siti s&oacute;lo en ingles :(La compra fue muy r&aacute;pida, el articulo llego en el tiempo previsto.Buen vendedor

Everything was exactly like it said ! They did a great job. It got here fast as well. All and all great job !

The phone itself is great, as if bought from Apple but it's not unlocked as states. Only compatible with AT&T.

I will restrict my opinion of this transaction to &#34;very disappointed&#34;. Here is the correspondence about the purchase and you can make up your own mind about the seller.Buyer - I ordered the iPhone 4S as a present for my wife's birthday. The day she opened the present, she found that the ringer button does not function at all. The phone is always in the ringer mode and cannot be silenced. The only work around is to turn the volume completely down each time she goes into a quiet building. We have compared the settings with another iPhone 4 and found that it is indeed the function of the ringer button that is not working.Seller - I am so sorry about this issue. We can have you refunded to repair the item at a local repair shop of yours or we can refund you in full with a return of the item. For now she can also turn the ringer off by going to settings, then to sounds, and dragging the volume all the way down. Once again I am so sorry for this issue and we will take are of it 100 percent until you are satisfied.Buyer - My wife attempted to have the phone repaired yesterday at an Apple Store. They were not able to repair the faulty ringer switch. They checked the phone history and found that it had been originally sold in October 2011 and had been registered to someone else. It had been purchased in Kansas from an Apple Store.I am extremely disappointed to find this out when the item description on the Amazon website described the phone as &#34;Condition: New&#34;.I expect a full refund for this purchase. I also expect an explanation of why an item described as &#34;Condition: New&#34; is in fact second hand.Seller - I am so sorry about this entire situation. We purchased the phone from a customer and they had informed us it was new. We looked the phone over and from what we could tell the accessories and phone was new. That is why we sold it as new. I am not sure if they had just gotten it in 2011 and not used it or what happened exactly. We buy these phones from customers that come to us wanting to sell their iphones. I am so sorry and we did not mean to mislead you in anyway. We will have you refunded in full if you will return the product or can have you refunded to the used price of an Iphone 4s. Please let me know which one you prefer.

i use to have a apple 3g and loved it. i upgraded to the apple 4g s and i am amazed what this phone can do. i love it. mine is white. this is the best cell phone to buy.i also love siri.

False advertisement! This phone was listed as &#34;Unlocked&#34;, however, once I tried it in Ecuador, SA, we found out it was not in fact unlocked. Unfortunately, by the time I got to Ecuador and by the time I came back, it was too late to return. So now I'm out $530, and I can't in good conscience re-sell it as unlocked. Don't trust items from this seller if it says Unlocked! LESSON LEARNED!!

The cell phone get damaged... The rear camera does not focus good the photos are blurred and the middle button was stuck...

Apple.com has an unlocked 16GB iPhone 4S for $649.00, why would I pay $736.92 from WorldWide Distributors?  Check out the Apple Store, choose iPhone, scroll down and choose unlocked.

The phone was not a new phone and has problems.  Was looking forward to having a new iphone was very disappointed when I found out that it 2011 model and probably refurbished. I spent a lot of money to not get what I wanted.

It's a excellent cell phone. It has a very good reception and the browser it's very very fast. Recomended 100%

I did send this phones to Brasil and I'm not sure was really unlocked, but the phones are great... the price to expensive yet!!!

THAT IS NOT TRUE,I ALREADY WENT APPLE STORE,THE WORKER SAID THIS PHONE FROM JAPAN.SO WE CAN NOT USE IN THE UNITED STATES.AND THIS IPHONE IS NOT &#34;UNLOCKED&#34;..NOW I JUST WANT TO RETURN THAT.GIVE ME A REASON AND DEAL WITH MY RETURN REPORT!!!!!!!!!!!

Gostaria de saber se esse telefone funciona no Brasil. Algu&eacute;m sabe informar? E quanto tempo dura a bateria?? Vi coment&aacute;rios que a bateria no dura muito. Obrigada

new and good qualitydeliver fastsuitable to everyonepretty worthy to get itthis is the first time i buy thing on internet and i feel so good

The iPhone was as described "brand new" and i've got it for a great price and fast delievery. Im really happy with my purchase, thank u.

Thank you,,, it's more than i thinkI like it,,,The phone looked new!And it's factory unlocked!Also work good with my local network

Love it! It was great, as stated in the product information, totally met my expectations. Looks absolutely new, with minor to few scratches. Thanks!

I used a lot of other cellphones including Blackberry ( this are very good) but no one could aproach to the userfriendly and simple caracterists that this Iphone has.I replace my Ipod and photocamera by this phone and is really amazing how easy to use it is.Congratulations

I bought this iPhone for my sister who is living outside of the USA. I checked this phone with At&t; and it was working. Also, when my sister got it, she can use it with local carrier without any problem. Therefore, it's definitely unlocked. But the problem is it's black not white though the picture is white.Notice: You can buy this phone from apple website only with 650$.

This is a great phone and I got it at a great price from a very good seller. I am totally pleased with this phone and the shopping experience. Excellent!

good night I did buy a iphone 4s which feature in the ad said "White Apple iPhone 16GB Factory unlocked 4S MD237LL / A" and I get an iphone model MC920LL / A would like to know if the iphone is unlocked or locked because I came of Venezuela and I do not have problems when the line activarle happy night Gabriella

It was exactly I was expecting and this item came with a bonus, a protection screen and soft case.  Gracias amazon

Tampered, JailBroke, illegal activity, locked, very disappointing.The phone arrived locked with a pass code and Apple tried three times to bypass the code and failed, I had to Apple Specialist Techinal Support to bypass which cost eighty dollars and also the iPhone arrived without a charger or adapter which costed me 65 dollars, and then finally when I took it to a phone carrier they informed the iPhone was not unlocked, but it was locked, lord help me, so I called back Apple and they told me to go into settings and give them the serial number and then told me they were so sorry to have to tell me the iPhone was tampered with illegally, and Jailbroked. And that the iPhone was locked and not what I purchased so they could not unlock it and to bring it to AT@T and I did. At@T to.d me they could not bring it to a recommended phone store they know and let them unlock it for 60 dollars which I did because it was a Christmas gift for my daughter, at this point I payed 205 doors out of my pocket, Amazon told me when I reported what was going on, just to hold onto the iPhone for now to they tell me what to do with it that was three weeks ago and my daughter still has no pho e, but Amazon did give me a refund. I think I will just bring it to my local police station. tahnkyou Mary.

Those guys who are talking about cheaper prices in other sites what you can do is stop talking about why to buy a more expensive items here, and just go and buy your stuffs in other place if what you want so, but I would recommend Amazon.com and it sellers always, respect other sites reasons and prices by commenting well... I love this phone it's great and I'm buying it!!!

Amazon needs to check on these sellers they have that are false advertising and get rid of them. It's really killing what used to be a great website. This phone was not unlocked as advertised bottom line. Apparently this is not an isolated incident. I was lookin for a case for the phone and read a bunch of reviews about fakes being sold on Amazon. I can say they sent me a shipping label and refunded my money promptly but other than that, I was highly disappointed. Amazon! If you really read your reviews and care about your customers please address the quality of sellers you allow on your site. And what's with the $20 increase for prime? Step it up Amazon!

El equipo llego en perfecto estado, inclusive el paquete vino sellado al vac&iacute;o, recomiendo a este vendedor. Empacado original del fabricante.

Phone came just as described, and w/ 2 day delivery I received it super fast, really worth the extra money. Phone is working great w/ my no anual contract, no strings, no hassle, Straighttalk plan. I'm so happy w/ this purchase that I'm thinking in buying another one for my wife.Thank you.Eric at absoluteresurface.net

I received it without plastic cover. I guessed it must be used. When I opened it, as I thought it's used, broken and with missing parts device. After I connected it to the computer, iTunes didn't work.

apple iphone 4s 16gb white it's factory unlocked it's working and i like it, I'm happe to get that iphone

The iPhone was not Unblocked and it was not first use. I contacted Apple store and passed them the iPhone's Serial Number. They answered me that it was already used. Since I bought this product on US and come to Brazil one day before I could not test it. The chip of local Operator in Brazil can not be installed and the device was not operational. I am indeed very very frustrated!!!!So I contacted Amazon that was very honest and friendly. I sent the iPhone back to Amazon. Amazon was amazing. an disregard the contract.

Hola funciona para todas las operadoras? soy de venezuela,porque quiero mejorar de tecnologia. y este telefono es bueno!gracias por la atencion

When my 3gs took a dive, I needed a replacement and because of my phone provider, didn't need the latest and greatest. This one from this company filled the bill.

my phone works fine but as signs had to be remanufactured or used has a problem that when you do hear me very bad calls.

Not good , I say ur phone unlock but I put sim cart in they say ur iphone lock from AT&T , why can u tell me!

I got my iphone as i wanted!! it is in perfect conditions and the most important thing it works perfectly in Venezuela. The only thing bad about this purchase was that it didn't bring the earphones, they weren't included.

The iphone is in a great status and work perfectly, I m totaly happy with this phone, Bye bye bye

I needed a new phone quickly, and the service and delivery on this was great. It was exactly as promised - a brand new phone in its original packaging. I was able to get it activated the next day. There was a glitch getting the visual voicemail programmed, but i can't tell if that was the fault of the phone or AT&T. At any rate, the rep at the AT&T store was able to get it programmed properly on about the third try, and it works perfectly now.

This purchased of this iPhone exceeded my expectations! It is unlocked GSM,  so choosing this phone, I can choose my own provider that cut my montly phone bill.

It works very good in my country Haiti. It's perfect and spectacular. I love it. For me it's an iPhone.

This was a gift for my only son he was worth the price I paid for it and more! He loved this phone he also said that he wouldn't want another phone that wasn't an iphone 4s so I hope that this phone out last the other iphone that he had.. very happy THANK YOU APPLE AND AMAZON FOR HAVING THIS WONDERFUL PRODUCT!!!!

The iphone 4S came in a factory box and includes the genuine phone, genuine recharger and ear buds.  As advertised the 4S performs exceptionally well with the highest output demand games like Asphalt 8 and plays music superb quality.  I was pondering whether I should buy a used condition phone, but I am glad I paid the extra to buy a new phone, because this obviously is a brand new phone.  Exceptional.. Superb.  Works perfectly with the new IOS 7 upgrade.  For those of you who are thinking whether to spend 700 to 800 dollars on the new 5S, the 4S is still very competent device that handles the new IOS with ease.  Love it..Love it.!

Iphone fora da garantia e fone de ouvido da samsung! . . . . . . . . . .  Falta de responsabilidade

Really I'm happy to deal with the dealer and I would recommend everyone to deal with it really did not leave me in disappointment and I am a frequent customer and everyone will be a permanent client experience

I sent the iPhone out of  the country as a gift and never workedI got intouch with this guys and told me they will replace itI sent it and the post office saying incorrect  address which I was givenIam still following for my replacement

Scratch and damaged ...  I was happy when I order and when I received  the phone, bat when I open and so the phone all Scratch and damaged ...  I was not happy at all,and I decide to return the phone back ... Thank you ....

I am glad I have it now.This phone is very user friendly and comfortable.Pretty and nice design. Everything is simple and easy. Many useful functions and options.The only thing is that it is discharging too quickly and charging pretty slowly but it is understandable.Thank you! =)

everything came in its original packaging and was fine, just the charger doesn't seem to work well with the phone

This product is $549 at the Apple Store.  With the Iphone5 announcement, the Appe store dropped from $649 for the unlocked 16 GB in either black or white.

Flash light on alwaysAfter a month of use this iphones started to have all time the flash light on at this moment I'm taking it to an apple repair store

I would like to thank you for this product.  I got mine stolen and my life was on there.  Ill be so happy to get it back.

Wonderful phone .... Love Siri and the screen is very sharp and clear, unlike my Samsung .....Love it!

I get the phone in good condition which is important and will love, the downside is that they sent me black and locked even when the publication told me it was white and unlocked, I think that's why I do not place discontent 5 stars ..

The phone that I received is not unlocked. Furthermore, it was bought from ATT with a yearly plan that hasn't being paid yet and has a debt. This is not a serius seller.

I am extremely happy with my purchase. My iPhone 4S came in perfect condition no scratches or anything I love it!!!

like it.

I'm very happy with my puechase. First of all 'cause it arrived before I was expecting, and second, it's in excellent condition considering the previous use.

It's just like what they said about it.It doesn't have any scratchIt's unlockedIt's like brand new !!

This was a very good purchase and it exceeded my expectations , The phone arrived like it was brand new , Not a scratch on it and it is exactly what I wanted . Still learning hiw to use it but I am very satisfied , Amazon is still my favorite  On line store The phone came as advertized I was completely satisfied with my purchase.

I received my order without any problems and the phone works perfectly. I love it. Only hitch was the weather updates and Find my IPhone doesn't work in my country.

At the beginning there were some issues with the phone but with the help that the seller provided me I could figure it out.  The seller was always very helpful and also responsive to any question asked.My wife is happy with the phone that was her b-day present...

The phone I paid was Unlocked Phone and the one I received is locked and for this reason I could not used it with T-mobile also I order a white phone and this one you send to me is black I am very upset and I am asking for my money back in full.

EXCELENTE ARTICULO! EXCELENTE VENDEDOR, lo recomiendo ampliamente, el tel&eacute;fono es totalmente liberado y desbloqueado para ser usado con cualquier compa&ntilde;&iacute;a telef&oacute;nica.

it's just the way i imagined it, perfect! i use it in brazil without any problems, it works with perfection, thank you!

Phone works well so far I have no problems its used so you can see slight signs of use but overall its good.

Todo bien con la compra.Todo llego en tiempo y forma.Excelente tel&eacute;fonoRecomendable 100%M u y b u e n o

I got this used unlocked iPhone 4s for my daughter.  We get the $30 T-mobile plan from wal-mart.  It has worked out great and we are very happy with it.

The phone arrived in a timely manner. Was in perfect condition. The only problem I had was assuming that I could use this on my Verizon account. Unlocked does not mean usable for all. Switched to At&T to use the phone.

Really good condition ! Im very happy the picture i saw had the ear plug so that confused me when i got the i phone without them, however Im happy

My purchase of the iPhone 4S was everything it was supposed to be.  I purchased the older vintage iPhone to use without data contract and I am very pleased with my decision.

The SIM Eject Tool and the User Manual were missing ! Therefore, I shipped it back.

my iphone is awesome, works great, came on time and it everything as describe.  it was a very good investment.

buy a new iphone as it says the publication, but the phone did not come with their accessories and its box, is a thief.

to be hones is was to spensive at the time.It has some big isue, it did not share the wireless net

the phone description sdsaid unblocked but when we went to link it to our verizion account it would not let us it was locked into at&t

I wonder about my product because it is date I have not received at the destination and need. I wrote on another occasion and obtube not answer. I need solution to this problem as soon as possible. thanks

I reccomend it.

not liking my purchase at all, I am a frequent shopper on amazon & this is the first time I am disliking my purchase. I decided to purchase this iPhone 4S for my xmas, was very happy when I got it but now I am so disappointed the phone is in good conditions . It came sealed up with every thing in it but the one fault is that the phone keeps shutting down on me , like ones or twice every day .........I am so disappointed..

I rated this phone prematurely as i was charging it then it wouldn't turn on once not on the charger. I realized the phone looks old and used. Looks like i was ripped off and i spent over $400 for a thing that doesn't work!!

I'm deeply in love with this phone! The seller was very courteous and answered all questions that I asked. I receieved the phone quickly, it's unlocked and white as described, comes with the packaging as describe and it feels absolutely amazing in my hand! Picture quality is EXCELLENT! It's the best camera I have ever seen on a phone. Definitely gonna get rid of my Blackberry for this phone! If you don't have an iPhone I suggest you invest in one, although I haven't been using the phone for a long time, am already loving what I have seen thus far and as time progresses I know it will only get better! 5 stars!

When I received the phone I went to a T-Mobile dealer and they tried to install a new SIM card.  They said they were pretty sure that it was still locked and suggested that I check with Apple.  I went to the Apple store and they told me it was still locked to AT&T.  The seller responded quickly to get the phone unlocked.

This phone was by far the worst phone I've had since the iphone 3G i had. Nothing but problems so far, overheating, super short battery life and a screen that looks way to dated to be on a phone for 2012. I was also expecting a far better camera with Apple's claim of being the best camera on a phone, but found that while it is a step up from the iphone 4, its not as good as what the Galaxy S2 or the HTC Amaze offers. While there are many many features that are obviously copied from Android, Apple somehow made the drop down bar, being my favorite feature in Android, annoying and bothersome to use!!! I am very glad however that iTunes is no longer required to anchor the phone down. Everything from the Screen to the battery life truly disappoints. On top of being an over-promised product, Apple has refused to help support it even though its only 21 days old!!! The closest Apple store is a 250 mile round-trip. If i would've just gone with the GS2 as I had wanted to, i wouldve been able to go to Sprint and had them take care of all my issues.I truly don't recommend this phone unless you absolutely cannot live without an Apple product or live within a decent range of an Apple store, other than that, I'm finding my friend's ATT GS2 far above the 4S in almost every way and will be getting rid of my 4S to get one as soon as i can.

I received it on time...everything perfect..I used it and all done...I will buy the case and the rest of the accesories too...super happy

Nice phone, have bought insted of iPhone 4. This model works faster, camera is amazing, Siri very helpful thing. Item was delivered very fast, received in perfect condition.

TTHIS PRODUCT SUCKS ITS NOT NEW AND ALSO IT CAME WITH THE FRONT-FACING CAMERA SCRATCHTHE ONLY THING THAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS PRODUCT WAS, THAT IT CAME UNLOCKED

buen telefono liberado de fabrica muy buena compra  vvv vvv vvvv vvv vvvv vvvv vvv vvv vvv vvv vvv v

They sold me a defective product and wouldn't  give me a reasonable answer to my claims. The phone came with the panic.plist error, a hardware problem, which means it can not be solved by restoring the Iphone but by replacing the defective part. That costs half the price of the phone. The battery won't get fully charged and it runs out of power pretty quick. The phone was out of warranty for more than 100 days as apple support let me know through live chat, which means I have to pay 200 bucks plus to get my phone fixed.If they list the product as brand new DO NOT believe in this! They sell used, defective items as they were brand new. If you want an unlocked Iphone get it from the apple website directly, and if out of the US, buy it from some other store. They're scammers.So if you don't want your money to be &#34;decently&#34; stolen or to be cheated DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM UNLOCKED FONES

I am very disappointed becoz phone charger and head set was not working. I bought new headset and phone charger.

good

I purchased this phone for my wife and got it delivered to a friends house so he could bring it to me as I am overseas. As soon as I got it, I noticed that the charger didn't work. Took it to apple authorized service centre in Brazil, and they informed the charger was not na original item. Then I started to notice that the battery life was very short. Then there was the issue with the earpiece. The sound quality of the calls were very poor, crackling noise and the sound had no body, such as if the call was coming from the inside of a can, very low and sharp metal like sound.In summary I think I paid over the top for handset that underperformed overall. I am dissapointed. I contacted the retailer, who informed that if I shipped it back to them, they would fix the earpiece issue and then return it. This would mean I would be without a phone for many days, which these days isn't good enough.I can understand that they can repair it and then return, but I think that is not good enough. I think they should fully test their merchadise before shipping, to avoid any issues with their customers. This may be na isolated incidente, but perhaps not. I can only suggest the company to be more careful.

the Iphone I received was USED, but also the lens had a scratch that cost me $35 to fix at the apple store, since ALSO the phone had NO WARRANTY !Better buy at the Apple store, where they stand by their product with a FULL warranty  and great service !

is very scratched in the description said nothing about it. . . . . . . . . . .

Too expensive. On Apple's website it's considerably cheaper. Also, the "list price" of $999 claimed on this page has never been true. It's never been anywhere near that high. As a fellow consumer, I urge you to buy it somewhere else or wait for this price to come down.

No surprises on how it looked, pretty clean. And the battery life is decent, goes for the almost the whole day with moderate. Those were the main two I was worried about, but I'm satisfied with what I got. Thanks!

I ordered this phone withNoosy Micro Sim Card Cutter + 2x MicroSim Adapter For iPhone 4 & iPadto cut down my regular T-Mobile sim to a micro sim. Everything went as planned and the iPhone seems to be working well. I love the iPhone!

hello I want to know if the equipment is available in black or white color only comes in, also wanted to know from when will be available for 'to buy?

Why in the world would I buy this, when the Apple store sells it for so much less? The list price at Apple is $549. Apple iPhone 4S 16Gb White Factory unlocked MD237LL/A

I have had all kinds of phones but this is by far the best. All kinds of apps, beautiful display, it looks greats and feels great. I don't feel the urge of purchasing an iPhone 5.... and let me tell you the only con this phone has it's the battery life, but I guess is pretty normal issue with the smartphones.

The phone is not new phone but refurbished or assembled personally. First,the IMEI shows in system is different with the IMEI  shows in SIM card slot.I definitely believe  it's not a healthy phone.

a penas me llego me enamore... yo soy de Venezuela y a pesar del largo viaje llego en perfecto estado, el mio es blanco (como lo quer&iacute;a) y no he tenido ning&uacute;n inconveniente el iphone funciona excelente!.... estoy totalmente satisfecha con mi compra :)

As soon as I received it, I got the microsim card and got it working inmediately.This was a perfect gift for mother's day

This was the perfect gift for my 13 year old. The price was decent and the phone is in mint condition. I never thought I'd be able to find a used Iphone for under $400. Glad I found this seller.

Wife has not even gotten it connected with Consumer Cell company yet waiting for generic sim card. It was 150 cheaper than a new one and will wait to see if it was a deal yet.

Excellent. Just come to my hands, since I live in Venezuela. Today li'm using for the first time with a local operator, so far so good! I hope continues.

The product is perfect and 100% as described. I love my new cell and I really encourage to buy products from this dealer.

Screen was cracked  a bit more than expected and it took a little bit to get here, apart from that it was a great purchase. Phone works perfectly.

Excellent phone. I recommend it. It was unlocked, never used and was easy to activate. It's better than Blackberry for sure.!

i bought 3 iphone4 for a friend of mine living abroadthese iphones were listed is new, but they weren'twhen i received they seemed new, but when my friend opened the boxthey all looked old and used and they don't work properlyNow my friend is stuck with 3 worthless phonesI am very disappointed with this purchase!!!!!!very disappointed with this purchas

According to the description 16g iphone 4s to buy, thought this package again, and I was deceived, as the phone does not serve the horn and take aurorizado agent in Venezuela, told me I had a bad part and had it changed Othera most part it showed that they forgot to remove the security prescinto brings the piece, take that since I opened it and put it to work I realized it does not sound the music and ringtone, only works with the headset, and not the idea.It's pitiful because I live in Venezuela, but I think amazon as a company should not have fake suppliers like this because you believe trust and when you get the product is totally rebuilt, I would like someone to tell me as suing these cases for those living outside the country and traveled to there once a year, whom I turn for which it repays purchased.

With the iPhone 5 release, the price at Apple has come down another hundred dollars.  Why pay more from a third-party vendor?

Actually I wanted to give this seller 4.5 star because the phone was as it was described, iphone 4s white,no scraches on the front or back, factory unlucked ( I took the phone to apple store to make sure), and came with headphone and wall charger & good battery. The reason I don't give 5 is that there were scraches on in the side on the metal part which the seller did not mention and the charger the part attaches to the phone wasn't working but because I already had my iphod charger I was fine with it. The phone came within few days, sooner than what they said. Overal good for what I paid 380 $.

The iPhone is great! After I received my phone I had some ?'s and they replied to my email immediately, and answered all of my ?'s

I bought an iphone 4s factory unlocked and I cheated, the iphone is the surgery at & t, is an unlocked phone for imei, they changed the whole deck to pretend that is new, the battery does not last all, accessories are generic. I really do not recommend this product at all vendors are swindlers. I contacted them and they gave me no answerYo compre un iphone 4s desbloqueado de fabrica y me estafaron, el iphone es de la operado at&t; , es un telefono desbloqueado por imei, le cambiaron toda la cubierta para aparentar que es nuevo, la pila no dura nada, los accesorios son genericos. de verdad no recomiendo para nada este producto los vendedores son unos estafadores . me comunique con ellos y no me dieron respuesta

Ok so isn't selling a phone here (especially iphones) supposed to be cheaper than any other places. I mean why would people buy a phone here when they could buy a same brand new for the same or even lower price at the official store (apple)!!!!

great phone high quality stuff bo problems all newthe phone was not even scratched new as described.recommened to everyone

Was sold as new but has significant scratches on the front side of the phone both the screen and body.

I had to go through hell to get it unlocked in Southamerica.  It was in a Canadian service network wich was even harder to unlock than the American version.  So when I got the phone, i took a month and a half plus $200 to be able to use it...

It is unfortunate. I received the product, incomplete. on the box the phone came alone iphone 4s and a guide. missing the rest of the accessories headphones, charger, USB cable. disappointment. Sold by Amazon wer2follow offered by New Phone with accessories. and failed. I demand an answer.by. Chelitza

The Iphone 4s unlock that I bought from Amazon was great one! It's used now by my son and he 's is very happy.

the phone, came with flaws, so I still use it has become impossible because the battery does not charge or heard the audio

I had actually ordered this phone thinking that it would work with my verizon plan, sadly it didn't. After spending the money on an iphone that didn't work for me I had emailed the seller telling him what had happened and he gave me a full refund! Lots of weight off my shoulders and it was an easy process returning it! Other than it being the wrong phone choice for me it was in excellent condition! I wish I could've kept it!

The phone was sold defective. Is a defect with the front camera. We went apple and found that the phone was already open, the phone is black and was sold as white, swapped the front and back cover. We want to return the phone or a new one. I can not speak to the seller.

Muy buen producto, entrega a tiempo por los canales regulares y todos los accesorios de la promocion en buenas condiciones.

I purchased this phone because the description said like NEW and when I received it , it is far from like new. I expected a used phone in great condition but this is unacceptable!Also the information said it was unbllocked and it is NOT.I want my money back!! I need to return this item....How do I get my money back?!?!?!!

the service was speedy and excellent. I received the phone sooner than I expected. the phone is great and functions properly. overall I am satisfied except the phone looks 95% new not 100%.

it came unlocked as stated in brand new condition, everthing seems to be in order except the video camera isn't recording audio, but i hear a lot of iphone 4's have that problem

i've ordered a new iphone 4s unlocked, when i received my phone, the box was open and dirty, the phone's  speakers don't work and when i turn off the phone it turns itself on back again.not to mention that the phone was using ios 7.1the phone i received is used.

I placed an order for the new. But you gave me the second-hand. Reputation is so bad, it is difficult to have cooperation.

This is a Gift to my daugther and shoe is very happy whit it, I have no doubt in recommend

I bought this iPhone 4S white for my daughter and she loved it - the issue now is to get her off the device.

Purchased as a gift for my brother and he loves it. I would recommend this product to friends and family.

Love it!! Everything works perfectly!! And it was MINT!! Perfect conditions. Works just as new. Totally recommended. Now I can say that my life is easier thanks to this phone.

Headphones and USB power cable is not original, within the first week the accessories given doesn't not work. according to the Advertisment, everything was suppose to be original. Also shipping and handling was awful.

I purchase the unlock phone, but it doesn't say which company it is unlock for. I got a sprints unlock phone. Which I didn't like the company. I can't go to another company to get it working. Within 2 weeks the phone screen started to shake. Luckly, the phone was still under warranty. If not, I lost 580 dollars for nothing. I had to paid an additional 50 dollars to get it change out from apple. If you ask me, I don't think I will be ordering on your site again

Im from Ecuador, I got my Iphone locked!!!,,, the only way to unlocked my phone is if you tell me what type of commpany is this phone? at&t, verizon, sprint? I need this info so I can unlocked my phone here in my country

I am staying outside the USA for a while so I ordered this phone via internet to get it while I have been in West Palm Beach, FL between March 21-31. As described in Amazon the phone was supposed to be &#60;&#60;Apple IPhone 4S 16GB White - Unlocked&#62;&#62; but when I left USA and tried to used the phone, I found out that it is NOT unlocked, NOT a 4S but a 4, and NOT a 16GB but an 8GB. Despite these differences, I decided to try to unlock it here in two different shops as I needed that phone for my business here. The phone kept asking for &#34;last 2 digit of a Social Security Number&#34; and &#34;a Zip Code&#34; which I could not get or figure out; I notified the seller of these steps I took but I was told that it was &#60;&#60;very odd&#62;&#62;. After a while I thought that it would be better to return the phone via UPS to the seller and I did (at a cost of $72.00 after converting from the local money). The seller was nice and understanding  and agreed to refund the cost of the phone back but I though that after all the trouble and misleading on this phone advertising, I would be nice and appropriate if the seller would have paid at least part of the returning cost.I would like an anwer from Amazon and the seller on this issue because I have been a long time customer and I never ever had any situation like this one before.

Initially i was sent a damaged iphone 4s and it was not unlocked, after returning the phone they sent me a perfect phone, it took a few weeks to get sorted but overall I am happy.

Good body easy to use over from real price (199 us) but I pay total is 700 used for phone nearly 600 usd

i just bought this iphone 4s for my dad, after open it, i found there are some fingerprint on the phone, it was definitely opened before, so i am a little not satisfied with it,i hope it is not a second-hand one or renew one..and i paid for shipping, hope it is UPS, however, it is USPS, i was not home when the package arrived, so i have to go to the post office for it...for other details, maybe after i mailed it back to china and my dad gonna check it. maybe it can be perfect..

I bought this for gift. It is really unlocked and can be used for other mobile company sims. So I really like it.

It came and the wifi was broken so I sent it back, and they said they would send me a new one just recived my old one with bad wifi still thanks zeetron for a terrible buy!

I got my iphone 4s really quick and is working great too, Although the headphone don't work, i tried with my other ones, because i thought that the phone wasn't working with the sound, Now I will like to know if i can have a new pair of headphones?

I wouldn't recommend this seller to anyone. Here are the reasons:-item came with defective, very unstable wifi that would rarely connect. after upgrading to newest iOS, it stopped functioning completely (for the ones who don't know about this, a lot of the iPhones 4S do come with a defective wifi, that stops functioning after upgrade)-left speaker completely dead-when I tried to get support from Apple through the phone's serial number, I got a message that the item was replaced, so, no support at all. I wonder, how a refurbished phone could be with a defective wifi AND a non working speaker? I wonder if this phone was refurbished at all and if it should even be on the market. Probably somebody that works on Apple manage to sell this phone without fixing it or somebody got a replacement and sold the defective phone.-when I returned the item I had to pay for shipping that cost me around $20-after returning it, the seller tried to bribe me, offering $2 for every star I rated here, for a total of $10

Everything happened as expected. The product is good either. I will buy another one next year again if I have any oportunity.

Fast. I ordered it and recieved it in two days. I was nervous I thought my sim wasn't going to activate it, but I had no problem at all with the phone. Had it almost a month now and it's still working like its brand new... I recommend anyone buying a iphone but it from iPhones Shipped Fast.. They stand by what they mean.

I have received iPhone in excellent condition and it is working great.It delivered on time. It is a factory unlocked iPhone, so I put my simcard in it and it is working fine. I can make call and access internet without any problem. I am very happy with this deal.

This IPhone is great while on deployment. Never had any issue's. Must have hard cover protection for this to last in this harsh desert conditions. But overall great phone.

The product description matched the iphone. Everything was in good condition , got it right within a week Good!! Iphone works great new charger and headphones.

It's a wonderful phone, I am having fun with it every change I get ,not just making phone call but doing other things too

I BOUGHT IT FOR A FRIEND IN ANOTHER COUNTRY. I RECEIVED IN A SEALED BOX AND I SENT IT IN THE SAME WAY. THEY OPEN THE BRAND NEW PHONE AND THE WIFI FUNCTION IS NOT WORKING. I HAVE TO RETURN IT TO THE SELLER.

Was late n paid for prime. Battery gone fast. What ya get on a rework unlocked phone. :(

I have been deceived since I bought a NEW iphone and they sent me a USED, BROKEN & with missing parts device. Since I live in Argentina I had the phone sent to a friends house in Miami and when she came to Argentina she brought me the iphone. I was surprised when I found out that the cable USB/charger was broken. However, I used the one from my IPAD that perfectly fits. After a week, the battery stopped charging, so I took it to a Mac store in my country.  I was told that the iphone was not new device (it was refurbished) and further, had missing parts inside. Unfortunately the 30 days return time has elapsed. Therefore, it is impossible for me to contact the seller and claim for the restitution of my money.

I used the Iphone for two months being really careful and avoiding any type of damage. Suddenly it does not turn on any more. I would like to know what to do and who should I claim for it

I've got the product and it had a weird box that said that it was a 32gb iPhone while it was a 16gb one. The, when I've connected to charge it I've realized that it had a dead pixel.I've finally return it and I've asked for a refund. Amazon has a great service and refund me even the shipping.
