
I loved this phone, so the fact that it was not unlocked made me cry as I packaged it up to return it.

Great phone at a great price. Best cost/benefit deal you will ever find for a smartphone. Yeah. This phone rules.

Very good phone! Fast, clear screen and smooth, good battery life and nice looking. The best thing is that it can be upgrade to Android 4.0.4 ICS. I love my phone.

my device already came updated it was running ice cream sandwich on it....the camera wasnt impressive in the dark...but its a phone not camera so its nothing to complain about. the battery really runs out quickly but i think thats because my wifi signal is so weak. other than that i think the fone is great for the price

On July 19 2013, I reviewed Motorola Atrix 2 4G and gave it 5 stars. I had bought this used Motorola Atrix 2 4G from an  Amazon dealer and had used it for about a month and it had performed very well. A few days after the review, the battery, a HWAX model that came with the set went dead and won't charge. I bought another new HWAX battery online that worked and charged perfectly for about a month and half then on August 23rd, without any notice, the battery just died. Won't charge. I thought maybe there was something a miss with this HWAX  batteries so I decided to buy one and this time from a battery dealer. On August 26th I bought another battery from a local dealer in Indianapolis and the battery has lasted less than 5 days. It went dead tonight without any notice. This was a NIC/XT875 3.7V battery. In fact I had also decided to order online another HWAX battery as a back up battery that is not yet delivered. I am now convinced there is something wrong with Motorola Atrix 2 4G. Either the seller sold the set because of the battery chewing defect without disclosing the defect or the model has battery chewing defect and that is why I am giving it only one star. 3 new batteries in a span of 3 months is absolutely abnormal.

peace of junk!!!! save you money dont buy this, not worth it,

I got my phone. Very good phone, smooth, 5 minutes and all the applications were installed. The only bad side is the battery which is most probably old because it doesn't last 8  hours without use the phone. I have purchased anther battery and I'm waiting.

I have this phone already, and ordered another one for my wife.  Overall pleased with the phone.  I ordered a new phone from MBC Mobile.  I received an &#34;apparent&#34; new phone that already was preloaded with Android v4 ICS.  It was immediately apparent the battery is defective, holding a charge 4 hrs.  I had a spare battery from my other phone from a different manufacturer that works perfectly well, holding a charge all day long in this new phone.MBC mobile asked for feedback to address any issues.  I have emailed them in reply, but it appears to be a non-responsive email as I have yet to hear from them.  I am not anxious to return phone as it is hardware MB (not ME) and works well.

I receive the atrix 2 phone in perfects conditions after 12 days after purchase and not receive the invoice paper and  has to ask for one by email,  in  summary the service of this provider is  poor.  If you dont include an invoice paper I can think that this item come from a suspect origin

This phone works seamlessly with StraightTalk network.  It is easy to setup and use.  The only problem I had was in setting up the voicemail--- no problem with the phone, just the owner.  Tried to follow the instructions for setup too literally.  For those of us who have never setup our own voicemail, the directions should have said to shut off the call function of the phone after being given the directions; and then, access the call dial pad and perform the steps in the directions given by StraightTalk.Pictures are spectacular!  The 8 MP camera captures great images even in dim light.The phone works great with Motorola Bluetooth device.Do not know how I got along without this phone!Motorola Atrix 2 4G MB865 - Unlocked GSM Quad Band - Android Gingerbread 2.3.5 - 8MP - 3D HD

IT SOMETIMES GOES HAY WIRE FOR NO APPARENT REASON, AND IT HAS TO BE TURNED OFF,TO GET IT RESET. THEN IT WAS OK

I ordered this phone thinking it will be unlocked and have US firmware (sine the picture clearly shows AT&T; logo) but when i received it from this seller (PORTABLE GUY) it had chinese firmware! which means half of the words on screen in chinese and whatever you write as input to the phone get changed to a chinese word!.I contacted PORTABLE GUY first to ask them why this happened before i return it and they said you bought it from amazon so contact amazon! i said ok i will but i wanted to be sure before i do (thinking i should be a nice guy first and ask them), they replied you can return it to amazon directly!!! so they apparently know that people are returning stuff to them usually.So i contacted amazon and they said we cannot replace it to you with a US firmware as we don't sell this we only fulfill it!! which i don't know what does that mean since they DID NOT fulfill this sell and i received a different model than what is being advertised. I returned it and waiting for another one from a different seller which i hope will deliver the right firmware this time.

I bought it in the US and it works perfectly in Ecuador (Claro or Movistar)... Thinking in buying another one

Very good phone side by side, well done finish and functionallity.Only call recorder don't works.Muy buen tel&eacute;fono por donde se lo vea, acabados muy bien hechos y fincionalidad exelente.Lo unico malo es que no graba conversaciones telef&oacute;nicas.

I had an Atrix before my boyfriend got me a new Galaxy Note II. At the time I was somewhat disappointed because I loved my Atrix and really just wanted the Atrix II. I helped my 12 year old son shop for this phone with his birthday money. He and I couldn't be more pleased with it. It does everything you need it to do and it's very fast and in fact tends to get a little better service than mine does. Phones are expensive, especially 4G phones so needless to say, we were very excited to find this one unlocked and used for $120. If you're on the fence because you haven't heard much about this particular model, just do it. You'll be pleased.

Very good smartphone, nothing to envy to S3 mini and much cheaper, also with better camera (8 Mp) HD video recording at 1080p, crystal display (Gorilla Glass).Android 4.0.4 running fast and stable.Motorola, as always with phone quality, durable and smooth running.If you buy it you will not regret.

Im very happy with it. The screen is very bright and the system responds very well. Just a few complaints: it doesnt have very well wifi reception and the camara is good but not the big deal. Overall... I recomended.

The unit shipped with a defective battery that needs to be recharged multiple times throughout the day (we purchased 2 units- the other one has no such problem) but the phone itself meets all of our needs

This phone do's so much i am not sure what apps add next my torque pro very handy if i have a engine codes so i can repair my autos

I gave it 4 stars because you cant use the USB or WiFi  tether mode because it ask for at&t permission, you can install another free software to make it work, and the display isn't as beautiful as the super amoled of Samsung Galaxy S2.

For $100, this phone is great. It has a great screen and the screen keyboard actually has decent sized buttons. It doesn't run hot and with moderate use, it lasts about 8 hours. The only real complaint I have is the older OS version, but that really wasn't a big deal in the end.

I am very upset because I was sent a used phone and would like to explain to me why they did it? I bought a new phone and that's what I expected, but it was not, YOU ARE THE WORST THAT CAN BE AS SELLERS

It works great and can used on most systems. The battery that came with it is a weak version. There are better ones on the market.

excellent phone, motorola has a great support center, they answer any questions I had about the workings of my first smart phone, when I registered my phone I was told it was past its warranty period, I wish the seller had told me that.

Plainly simple.. outstanding.One down aspect was that it suddenly shutdown unexpectedly with Android 2.3. But when the upgrade to Android 4 came in it stopped doing it.Secondary negative thing is that night pictures with flash are mostrly blurred.. not enough light.. but daylight pictures are great

The phone is awsome. It works very well and has many cool features, plus the camera is amazing would strongly recomend this phone to anyone

Screen quality and brightnessIt has a nice 4.3" screen with a high resolution quarter HD screen so images,text, and games all look very sharp and crisp on this phone.  The colors while not as vibrant and saturated as some of the Samsung amloed phones like the galaxy s2 do look very good and are more natural looking then the s2 which over saturates it colors.  The phone also is very bright in terms of screen brightness I find my self mostly using it at the lowest brightness settings while indoors during the day maybe turning it up to 25% max if there's some light shinning through a window or from a light overhead on on my phone or I just want a brighter looking image.  At night without any lights on I have to use an app called screen filter to darken the screen further or its hurts my eyes even at the lowest settings!  Outdoor visibility in direct sunlight is pretty good as long as you turn the screen brightness up which is the only case when I will use 100% screen brightness.Speed and StabilityThanks to its speedy 1ghz dual core processor its is fast enough to do anything you would want on the phone.  switching between the home screens feels very responsive and has pretty smooth animations but there's a slight lag but nothing detrimental at all.  I'm running alot of widgets on my home screen in addition to running a live wallpaper so that probably contributes to that although it means you don't have to worry to much about loading the home screens with whatever you want going its not going to slow down the phone to an unbearable level like slower phones.  Stability wise the phone is very good in that regard freezes and crashes are rare so far only had like 4 in the 2 and a half months I've had it and been using it alot each day.Edit: The bit of lag when switching between homescreen was due to the live wall paper I was.  Switching to a static wall paper and the animation becomes incredible smooth close to 60fps movement even with 31 widgets on my 5 home screens and the rest of the space filled with app icons.  I also tried other live wall papers to see if they how they compared and they where all still alot smoother then the planetscapes live paper.GamesIf you play alot of games then the Atrix 2 will be great for you the gpu in this phone is strong enough to easily power advanced 3D games at the phones quarter HD resolution providing great image quality in games(games really do look fanatic on this phone screen better then psp and ds)such as Samurai Vengeance 2 or Muffin Knight while still providing a very smooth gameplay experience almost all of the games I have are running at a silky smooth 60fps or close to it.Build QualityThe Build Quality of this phone is decent it looks nice and is an all plastic design but its very durable I've dropped this quite alot without any case and other then some superficial damage on the sides the phone is still in perfect working order.  The phone is not as thin as some other phones at only 10mm(iPhone 4s is 9mm in comparison) its defiantly not a thick phone by any means and the extra thickness gives you more to hold onto and feels nicer in your hands for extended use then some of these super thin phones(the textured back also helps with that providing a good grip and feels nice to the touch).  The phone is a good weight its not super light but not heavy either it gives it a solid feel when you pick it up that super light phones don't provide.CameraThe camera is good nothing amazing its about on par with what other similar priced phones are offering but can't compete with higher end phone cameras but still much better then the crappy cameras you find on lowerend phones.  It has an 8mp sensor and records with led flash and is in full 1080p.  Outdoor shots during the day and indoor shots in well lit rooms are great on this phone its in low light conditions where it falters the quality isn't that good even with the flash.  The camera also has some focusing issues where some photos taken are blurry and out of focus making you retake them.  The video recording quality is great as long as there enough light no complaints there it records at a smooth a 30fps at 1080p and played back on an hdtv or just the phone it self looks great.ConnectivityYou got your standard 3.5mm headphone jack a micro usb port for charging and transferring data over usb to your phone from your computer as well as a micro hdmi cable which can be used to mirror the image on your phone to your hdtv for sharing images,videos.  There is also the option to buy a car dock as well as the laptop dock don't have any of those so can't comment on how well they work.StorageIt comes with 8gb of internal storage which is lower then I would have liked but acceptable but you can use up to a 32gb micro sd card for more storage.  4.5gb of that 8gb is available to use for user downloaded apps that's plenty for most people I have 274 apps installed on my phone right now(went a little app crazy when i first got it) and still have 1.4gb left over.  One problem I had was apps where uninstalling them selves when installed on the sd card the solution was to move all apps to the phone and that fixed the problem for now not sure if its my SD card or a software issue.  At&t; just released an update for this phone haven't installed it yet but when I do will report back if that fixed it.  For most people this won't be a issue as you can fit several hundreds of apps on the internal storage before you run out.Battery LifeFor me the battery life is very good heavy use of the phone will kill the battery within 5-8 hours depending on what I was doing(3D games and videos kill battery faster then just web browsing or 2d apps and games).  More moderate use with a combination of web browsing,gaming,music, and watching videos through out the day I can get between 12-18 hours of use out of before I need to charge it.  Now bare in mind this is using wifi only with Bluetooth and GPS turned off permanently and using 0% brightness the large majority of the time I don't have a data plan so don't know how much enabling 3G would negatively affect battery life.Call qualityI had no problems with the call quality can very easily here what people and saying and no one had any problems hearing me speak.Sound QualityThe speaker phone on this phone is better then most I have heard its get louder then most other phones and does so while sounding clearer sound quality and not having as much of a piercing shrill sound quality that's painful to hear that most phones have especially when played at louder volumes obviously don't expect much bass out of a speaker so small or anything amazing sound quality just good by speaker phone standard which aren't very high at all if you want good sound you need to use headphones.  Now as for the headphone jack sound quality is decent on par with most of other android phones around this price.  The amplifier in the phone is pretty strong and has no audible hiss.  So low impedance headphones and ear buds will get plenty loud even with just a few notches up on the volume.  At the highest volume settings my ad700 become portable speakers!  Also By default there is a bunch of audio processing turned on that degrades sound you can turn off in the settings>sound>Media audio effect>wired stereo devices.  There are some equalizer settings but there all presets without anyway to custom them there is an equalization app you can download that will work on all sounds but only has 5 bands poweramp offers ten bar equalizer a real preamp among other thing and is $5 in the market but will only work for the music your play through it.

ran a little slow at first but that cleared up and is to be expected. After a week of light use it's caught in a reboot cycle that kicks in every minuet and a half. Nothing fixes it. I urge you to look up "Atrix 2 Reboot" before purchase to save yourself the trouble because come to find out this is quite common.

The atrix phone is really fast, good size, excellet price. I bought it for my sister. She is very happy!

I've really used this phone a lot and I like it.I use it to process my charge cards, at first just when I did shows on the road but now in my store also because people are accustomed to seeing swipers on phones. I use it as a wifi hot spot when I'm on the road also. I love the alarm. I know all phones do that but I love using my own music for the alarm and other notification. I have a 64 gb micro sd card in it so it makes a great mp3 player, especially in combination with a bluetooth speaker.The size is perfect for use as a gps. Even reading Kindle books on it isn't bad in a pinch. It's great for audio books also. I use &#34;easy voice recorder&#34; to capture our band when we're practicing and I want to hear what we sound like. The camera is 8mp. Recently a friend put together a tribute for my husband who passed away and most of the photos he used for the musical slide show (with a projector on a large screen)  were shots I took of our garden with the phone. Great for full HD videos too. I have more professional cameras and I've had to exert effort to become un addicted to using the phone instead of my camera because it's so easy to put the pictures on FB.I'm a gadget person but I really have had so few problems with this phone that I've not considered replacing it. I've actually purchased the same phone for two of my sons and my daughter.Especially love it with the white otterbox case that I purchased from Ebay for dollars. It looks great.I would not trade it for an iphone because I love being able to put any size storage card in it. I can even play videos directly from a thumbnail drive and of course it has hdmi.

the phone does not come with headphones and the screen came with a stainand where will this headphone horn as beaten

This is a great product, versatile, fits the customer's needs and also synchronizes with all applications that we use daily, the speed is impressive and it responds not only just that, it's an experience having a cell phone like this, I recommend it 100%

i love my phone, is super intuitive, easy to use, works great in Venezuela without trouble putting on line, very good coverage and brand therefore has taken very good motorola cellular and here works much better than the samsung s3. I highly recommend it.

I go to Purdue University studying engineering, I would consider myself technologically savvy.  This phone is amazing, if you are considering this or an Iphone, Go with the Android.  I had an Iphone 4s and it was a convenient and useful device, It had many features and was very useful, however it had limitations.  The point of the Android OS is to remove those limitations.  This phone has a fast reliable camera that quickly takes hi resolution pictures and beautiful HD video.  This phone is extremely fast and reliable.  If you buy it i highly recommend the Otter Box Commuter case, it is a sturdy case and well designed for going in and out of your pocket when you need it.Overall, if you're considering buying this phone or an iphone, trust a user who has had both, go with the Atrix 2.  you wont be disappointed.

This phone, I loved it because it was so I asked, and works great, and is well maintained. Thank you very much.

At first I wasn't to sure about a Motorola droid phone as I owned a Samsung; but I have to say that I'm more than happy with this cell phone; after upgrading to ICS the menus and the applications are a lot faster; the battery duration is very good and I'm very suprised by the resolution of the display; It is a very cheap phone for the quality it has.

Super clear screen, fast processor, works great, hard to find phone protector or case, no otterbox or hard protective covering.Tom

Thank you BREED so much for a quick delivery....ordered it yesterday and received it today!  This is the second phone I have bought from BREED....absolutely no problems.This phone is the best...like other reviewers so much better than the iPhone.  Easy to set up, even for a 67 year old women.  I have had Motorola's in the past and they have never let me down.So if you want a great phone, this is the one to buy!

When I got the phone everything seemed to work, but when I plugged the phone into charge it wouldn't charge.  I tried multiple chargers (both chargers that plug into an electrical outlet and chargers that charge via usb) and nothing worked.  The charge port in the phone was defective.  It appears that the seller TABLET DISTRIBUTORS which put together the one did so incorrectly or used subpar parts.  While working the phone seemed great, but that's no good if you can't charge it.  Don't buy this phone from TABLET DISTRIBUTORS.

This is one of the best cellphone in the market right now, for this price and the quality of the very first celular brands. I really recommend this one.

This phone is very powerful and has an excellent camera!.one thing i could say about it is the GPS. is not working very properly.

i bought this phone from seller BuyCellular. the phone does not come with original box and manual. it looks like factory refurbished, but the seller put it as new condition. Be aware. Anyway, im not mad about that as long as it works.This phone come with lot of att bloatware which slow down the phone, you can remove them with root explorer.

the cell phone is nice, but it doesnt seems to be as fast as i thought, 7 days after i tooked it in my heands, some black lines appeard in the screen, nothing big but its not big problem, in general the phone is very good for the price i paid.next time ill buy a new one to avoid this kind of issues.

Fast, reliable phone. Works well on T-mobile network. Had to get adjusted to Android after switching from I-phone, and having used both I-phone and this phone, I would prefer Atrix 2 over Iphone any day. Has lot of features that I could only get on I-phone after jail breaking. Sound quality is amazing. Great Motorola product. Came loaded with Android 4.0, so I did not have to upgrade it.I would have given it five stars if it was not loaded with useless AT&T; bloatware. I had to un-install all that junk. Now it has enough free RAM to run all my favorite apps.

I never seen a cell phone that didnt have a voicemail sign on it and when people leave u a message on the voice mail you dnt no it untill you dial your numer and check this is the only problem i have

It got REALLY hot whenever I played games on it and surfed the internet and the phone charger did not work on the phone as well.  And the battery was defective and would run down quickly.  So far I've spent a month trying to resolve this problem with the seller which isn't going that well.  Which in this time I was left without a phone for four days trying to try and remedy the phone issues.  I've been trying relentlessly to get this matter resolved , which has stressed me out to no end.  Thinking I should have bought from a different seller.  Now I know that I should have.  Lessons Learned a little to late........

After using an iPhone 3GS for a year, I purchased a Samsung Galaxy S2 gift I gave to my daughter, after two months of use. I ended up deciding to buy a unit of Atrix 2, especially for its newest version of Android.Despite the 8 megapixel, camera is low quality, especially when compared to the excellent Galaxy S2 camera. Less than a month after use, even without having suffered any drop, the screen shows several horizontal micro-defects best seen when the screen is white. Notifications and other messages upset by the insistence. Even by lowering the sound they return depending on the app installed. The phone came locked to use AT & T and needed a code sent by the seller by email. Although the unlock AT & T Address Book remains in the system, as well as several other applications. I tried but I could not remove. The removal of numbers on the agenda of AT & T end up bringing trouble.The battery has a durability slightly higher than the equivalent cell, only positive. Not to mention that I confess I am very sorry to have bet on the recovery of the Motorola brand.Frankly, consider buying a Galaxy S2 for a little more money. If you could return the phone without thinking twice. Unfortunately I brought the phone to Brazil ...

I wouldn't buy a Motorola Atrix 2 again, it has many little problems, just details, but there are better ones at the same price. Overall, works fine, looks good and is fast. They paint it better than it actually is, but I guess that's how people sell this things. Its... just fine, non of its problems makes it bad, but at that price it could be better.

i picked this phone to use for my net10 cell phone after playing with my sister in law's one her brother in law gave her when he upgraded his phone.. the only reason mine is better than her is mine is brand new.. there is more space on this phone than my previous one..i love the larger screen and larger size than the LG optimus net phone i had and i can do more on this one.. the model i was send is the MB865 and needed an OS update so its android 4.0.. however i do not like the hangout app on this phone instead of the texting due to the texting has a black background which i prefer, i suggest an antifingerprint screen protector and a sturdy case like B00E1X46F2 andB0077IQ336picked pink, wish it was purple though, this one has blue, black and red as well for a choiceand if you are wanting to know where the micro sd card goes for extra storage, look under the battery cover next to the flash for the camera.. it took me a bit to figure that one out hahaha..overall with the bring your own number sim card from net10 and calling them to fiddle with the setting for the picture messaging, i am VERY happy with this phone!! and the seller did a great job shipping promptly to me! :) my main advise should you pick this phone, do the update first and that helps alot before setting up your cell phone carrier on it

i think rhis is the best phone i ever had, i love it, for the money i paid i never thought i will be so good,definitely recomeded, know my wife wants one too.

I'm extremely happy with my Motorola Atrix 2. I am a diehard Motorola fan, and I can't imagine that anyone would need anything more than this phone delivers!

this is a excxelent phone in network 4g of panama run nice, i recomend this phone very nice and fast

I really liked this phone for the month or so I used it.  I needed something more cutting edge for as much as I use my phone, but for the price and what you are getting, this phone is great.  I gave it as a gift to my sister in law (as her first smartphone).  She lives overseas.  She loves it and says it works perfectly on her network in Asia.

i wasn't the motorola atrix 2 version that i wanted... and it never said on the product's description what the version was!

I've owned 3 Atrix's so far, and this one is by far the worst. The Atrix is an amazing phone, but this vendor sells from a variety of markets. Unfortunately, I received a phone that is clearly Asian. I have to push additional buttons just to keep English as the primary language. Further, the setup reminds me more of the Atrix 1, than the other Atrix 2, that I had. I'm really happy wth the Atrix as a phone, but would not suggest buying it from this vendor.

I received an AT&T phone and NOT an unlocked one. I tried my network simcard and it was not detected, all I could do were emergency calls. I returned the phone to the retailer.

Great phone 100% recommended, cheaper than a Samsung S2 and same functionality, good apps and systems . . . .

I was looking out for a reasonably priced Android phone after my Samsung Omnia reached its logical end of life. I read through practically everything available on all manufacturer websites. I liked some HTC models, but they were way more than what I wanted to spend. Some that were priced well, looked terrible. I read reviews for the MB865 and was instantly attracted. Great price stable system. I've been using this for about 3 months now and it has been absolutely fantastic. Settings optimixed well, it gives me about 10 to 12 hours without charge with. Social networks, email and the like are always ON. There is no appreciable lag that I find when I depress keys. This morning, I even got a notification from Motorola on  the OS being upgraded to 4.0.4 (ICS). Installed is readily and its up and running really well. I would recommend this phone to anyone wanting a well priced android phone with the latest version and feature rich. Good job Motorola.

This phone is everything i thought it would be and more.  I'm very happy with the purchase and have had no worries whatsoever.

This is my first Smart Phone.  I chose it because I wanted a phone that would be fully compatible with my new car's Toyota Entune system.  My phone service is AT&T GoPhone.  My old phone was very old and not a smart phone so I upgraded to a GoPhone plan that included data.  My old SIM card did not work as evidenced by an error message "SIM not allowed MM #3."  So I got a new SIM card at the local AT&T store.  To get the data to work on the phone an AT&T technician had to put in the right APN settings.  He found them by Googling AT&T APN settings Android to find the nerdynerdnerdz site with the info.  I am totally satisfied with this phone, and I notice that the price has just been lowered another $25 from when I ordered it.  T. Mark Hightower, San Jose, CA

This purchase exceed my expectations. Very good and valuable product. It was delivered much before the expected date. I am enyoing all the power of the Android platform and thousand  of available applications

I'm a critic when it comes to buying from an online website. Of all the choices I can choose, the Motorola Atrix 2 is beyond what I expected. The phone itself looks amazing, the software, the hardware, does not disappoint. The battery life does go pretty quickly with heavy use, but it is to be expected since you have the Dual Core processor. The advertisement is perfect the way it is described. I highly recommend this phone to heavy weight phone users! Device Now does not disappoint! Would rate more than 5 stars if i could! P.S the phone arrived earlier than the expected due date! Big Ups to Device Now for being an honest and great provider!

The Atrix2 was fine after I replaced the garbage battery that was shipped with it.  I got a Motorola phone and a non Motorola battery that required charging 4 or 5 times every day.  I could only get about 1 hour and 45 minutes on a charge.  Since I am new to smart phones I thought that was bad but normal.  One day I noticed that the front of the display was hot.  I took out the battery and found it was bulged out and very warm.  I ordered a new Motorola battery and now can go all day on just one charge.  Why would the company ship a Motorola phone with a battery that was made by someone else?Before I changed the battery I would have given this phone 0 stars if that was possible.

I bought this item as it was described as new but it was far from it. Buyer beware they advertise as new but the items are not.

i was a bit surprised because it said the operating system was gingerbread, but when i got it it actually has on ice cream sandwich, so far it has worked well, battery life seemed to have improved from the first use to present.

purchased this phone to replace my older atrix, shipped fast, once i programmed it, it's been awesome, love it, love it, love it

el producto fue muy bueno me gusto mucho...... tienen que comprar este equipo es demasiado bien . funciono prefecto. no puede hacer mejor compra

Phone is nice. The phone came with Jelly Bean not Gingerbread. That is a plus. The phone has some quarks. It doesn't like to be messed with when it is plugged into the outlet. It jumps around programs/apps. It even dialed Bangladesh once while I was simply holding it. I think it is the gyroscope that is causing the issues with the phone jumping around and doing crazy things. Otherwise, I am new to a smartphone and it took me a while to learn how to use it, but now it is fun to use.

This device is not the best ever done or the fastest, but it is what it costs. Its performance is great for the price, it arrived at time and it has been working great so far!

Great customer service. i purchase the Atrix 2. it arrived on time and they replace it when i reported the speaker was making noise. overall, great service.

It works perfectly, the only thing is that get warm a little but its no the seller's fault. i used it in colombia and i can say that it doesn't have any problem with the network, It came absolutly unlocked.

A VERY GOOD ANDROID A PERFECT SCREEN AND A EXELLENT MOTOROLA PHONE,AND REALLY UNLOCKED THE RAM IS GOOD THE WHOLE THING IS A VERY SOLID APARATUS,THANKS!!!

This phone is excellent, I love it and im thinking buy another phone of these in te next two month.

Several days ago I upgraded from the Atrix 2 to a new smartphone. I used the Atrix 2 for just over 2 years, without any hardware issues or significant software problems, and am retiring this noble candy-bar smartphone as a completely satisfied user (and with a bit of sadness in my heart since it has been such a steady phone).Here are the major strengths of this phone:-Reliable and durable: It is not an exaggeration to say that I dropped this phone at least 50 times. Concrete, carpet, metal, wood, you name it. The phone held up (granted, I did have the Diztronic Matte Back Black Flexible TPU Case for those drops). The phone never developed a crack, stays mostly scratch-free, and always turned on when I needed it.-Good display: the Atrix 2 is a dated smartphone. Yet the display is still beautiful and beats the lower tier of current smartphones by and far. Colors are rich, the picture is relatively sharp, and viewing angles are good.-Aesthetics: Perhaps I am the exception, but I do not like having the same phone as everyone else and their mother. The Atrix 2 was--and still is--a good looking remedy to the problem of phone clones. By itself the phone looks great, and paired with the Diztronic black TPU case it looks amazing; Kind of an industrial, professional, simple appearance. It is of course locked into the traditional smartphone shape, but still achieves a unique look.-Performance: Now, when looking at the specs of this phone, in the current realm of smartphones, the Atrix 2 is nothing special. When it was released over 2 years ago it was top dog. Today, the phone can still hold its own ground when it is loaded with ICS and not too many power hungry background apps. It will indeed slowdown if it's running many resource-intensive background apps, but hey, this phone is old. Give it a break. It's a budget smartphone in today's economy.Just a few negative things...-Audio: It is just bleh. Nothing special, nothing bad. Simply mediocre. Go with a different phone if audio fidelity is important to you.Battery: It started out pretty good, lasting for a day with moderate usage. But it tapered off the longer I had it until, at the end of my 2 years, I barely am able to get a full day's worth of usage from it without a short in-between charge. It's not a deal breaker, just be prepared to give it a bit of extra juice during the afternoon if you are an all day heavy user.\-Back Cover: This is not necessarily a fault but still deserves a mention--the back cover will likely be scratched, even with a case on the phone. There is a spot on my Atrix 2 that is pretty much bare and void of the ridges that were once there because some dirt got in-between the case and the Atrix's cover. Maybe that was my fault. In the end, just try to be careful with the back of the phone.This is a solid phone if you're looking for one on a budget. Don't expect wonders in this age of quad and octocore processors when the Atrix 2 has a humble dual core, but know that it is reliable and does the job while not looking shabby.

Muy bueno, se lo compro mi sobrina que queria un andoid y este motorola cumple con todos sus requerimientos.Muy recomendable

This phone surpassed my expectations.  Great display.  The dual core processor is definitely a great fit for this device.  Phone functionality is also better than average.  I've had no dropped calls.  I've held clear phone calls with only 1 bar of service.  I also like the docking accessory options.  The laptop docks pretty much make this the only device you need to travel with.  The only thing that disappointed me about this phone is that it's made in China.  I really thought Motorola would have found a better place to have their device manufactured.  Mexico or Korea if it was too expensive to do in the US.

I love the phone, it is user friendly and easy. I do not like the fact that I cannot change any of the text, contacts or some other things to different colors - I am all about colors. Also, screen savers are limited although I know that I can get some others online. The internet does not work real well and I am not sure if that is because of my location or because It is an AT&T phone with a t-mobile family plan - but I can play around with that in the future. I am using the family plan with Wal-mart and the email and phone works well. Trying to access Pandora takes time and is choppy.

Great phone, for the price i think is the one of the best, very ergonomic and it has lots of accesories

recommended 100% 4g is great for the mobile in venezuela, works very well with movistar and digitel, you should buy it

The Atrix2 is a great mid-size smart phone.  Mid-size only because of the new 4.5 - 5 inchers hitting the market.now.  It fits my hand perfectly, it is very fast in all tasks and the screen is great (although lagging behind the new guys in resolution).  No regrets.  Thanks Amazon-good price and fast delivery.

Just trust me its much better than the original atrix . I have had this product for a long time and i stopped useing it because i droppd it and the whole thing broke ..it became too ugly so i am getting a new one now.

The Phone is as advertised and works great, all i did is put my sim card in and it booted right up. No problems so far and it's good on battery life  if you know i how to use it properly. Great phone Thanks!!!

what he wanted, has everything you need, new, good applications, moving desks, good image, happy with the phone, how long we will veriguar functioning much hope.

A very good telephone with good battery endurance.Makes sense if you go Android to buy a telephone made by Google.Efficient service by Portable Guy.OMLR

This  is  a  chinesse version.Erverything  is  in  chinesse. No English ,If you don't  know Chinesse  don't  buy  it !!!Unfortunately I  throw away the packaging, I can not return them.I lost my money.This thing can not be set because the symbols are not understood.Google Translate for Business:Translator ToolkitWebsite TranslatorGlobal Market FinderTurn off instant translationAbout Google TranslateMobilePrivacyHelpSend feedback

I've been chomping at the bit to write this review.  There is some confusion regarding the Atrix 2 phones sold by this vendor and I'm writing this review to clear up some of the confusion.The Atrix 2 phones sold by this vendor are phones from a variety of international sources.  This is very common in the discounted cell phone market, but there are a few things you should know before taking the leap and purchasing one of them.  The country of origin can lead to some limitations, and in some cases, network or feature incompatibilities, if you intend to configure this phone yourself.The Atrix 2 is manufactured by Motorola in two flavors and five different firmware versions.  Motorola manufactures the MB865 and the ME865.  The MB865 has three different firmware versions.  The ME865 has two different firmware versions.  These phones differ to accommodate three geographic regions: Asia, Europe, and the US.  While all versions of the Atrix 2 are largely the same, there are differences in the GPS and WiFi chip sets that support the technologies used in the locations where they are marketed, hence the reason for all the different firmware versions.  If you update the firmware, you can't interchange the MB firmware with the ME firmware.This vendor advertises that it sells the MB865.  I received an Asian-based ME865 with the Hong Kong firmware installed.  The phone was unlocked, as advertised, but some people have complained of receiving a locked phone.I, personally, would not recommend purchasing from this vendor unless you are technically savvy and don't mind possibly having to do some firmware/OS upgrades to the phone to get it configured for your region.  If you're happy with 2G access, then you should be fine, and I'd definitely recommend buying from this vendor.  If you're interested in using this phone with T-Mobile as your carrier, just be aware that it's not capable of communicating at the frequencies necessary for 3G and 4G speeds through T-Mobile.  It works fine operating 2G through T-Mobile.If you are technically savvy and hope to root the phone when you receive it, then read on.  Rooting is when you configure the phone for superuser access.  To manually upgrade the OS, you have to root the phone, which is done using a rooting program on a laptop with the phone attached by a USB cable.  If you root the phone, it will no longer update itself.  You will, from that point forward, be committing yourself to manually updating the OS periodically, as needed.  If you are technically inclined and not leery of doing this, by all means, go for it.If you receive an ME865 Atrix 2 that has Hong Kong firmware installed, you won't be able to root it.  You'll have to upgrade the firmware by flashing the alternate China Retail firmware first, then you can root the phone using a specific rooting program for the China Retail firmware.  When you first use the phone after purchase, the OS will upgrade you to Android 4.0.4 (ICS, a.k.a. Ice Cream Sandwich) automatically.  Let it do this, then install the new firmware, then root, then install the Android 4.1.2 (JB, a.k.a. Jelly Bean) OS for the Atrix 2.  You'll then have to research to locate the rooting software for Jelly Bean on the Atrix 2 running the China Retail firmware.  You won't be able to root it again without first using Boot Swapper to flash over the ICS boot.img file, then root, and then flash back the JB boot.img file.I don't mean to lose people here.  I'm going into some detailed technical information that will probably confuse many readers.  My primary message to all readers of this review is, be aware of what you may be receiving if you order this phone.  You may end up with a great phone.  You may end up with an International phone that requires tweaking.  It's a roll of the dice.  You get what you pay for.  This vendor sells these phones at an excellent price--they're cheap!  Amazon is very good about returns, and you have the option to return it, especially if you received an ME865 as opposed to an MB865.If you have any questions, feel free to ask.  I'll do my best to help, if I can.

eats up battery power even with Wi-Fi and Bluetooth off

Excelente producto, y me llego tal cual las especificaciones, muy buena calidad se observa la responsabilidad de la tienda, con los ojos cerrados volver&iacute;a a comprar con ellos.

My phone was ordered from Tablet Distributors. This is another incident where I posted this review to a link from Tablet Distributors and not it's showing I ordered the phone from another company.I actually like this phone. It was my choice to keep it, but either the phone is defective and is draining batteries--or this company is supplying defective batteries. I originally ordered this phone in July 2013. The battery would die within a couple of hours, so I asked Tablet Distributors to exchange phone and instead they sent me a link to a battery which I ordered and they repaid me. It only cost $8. which seemed like a cheap price for a phone battery, but I charged it and the phone seemed to work. Now, it's four months later and the second battery is dead. I asked to be sent a higher quality battery and instead, I received exactly the same battery from the same company. I can't afford to pay $190 for a phone that will only last me four months. I am very disappointed in this company--and even more disappointed that the last time I posted a negative review--it "mysteriously" disappeared within a few days. I'm waiting to see if this review does the same thing.  Holly Gambill  High volume Amazon CustomerQuestion. Since I ordered this through Amazon Prime, I've attempted multiple times to discuss this directly with Amazon, but I keep getting shuffled around. Can someone here help me know how to actually get in touch with an Amazon representative???

I like this phone have everything, have a great performance and the video and cam pictures are great, i like the way we can upload everything with this version of android to all social networks,The pkg its new, and have all the manuals to set up your phone,I recommend this phone for all, Its unlocked, so I only insert my sim card, set up the 4g and starts working in mexico,Regards.Thanks.

clear case of false advertising.  beware!!!  phone advertised as new.  received a refurbished phone.  there is actually a &#34;refurbished&#34; sticker on the phone.  unbelievable

I wanted to get away from paying over 100$ on Verizon and started looking at alternatives in the prepaid market. I settled with Straight Talk, and after much research into an &#34;older&#34; phone that has solid specs, reputation, and was reasonably up to date in its software, I went with the Atrix 2. I bought an AT@T sim card from them, and I've been up and running for several months(YES they will throttle you if you exceed 1.5 Gigs of usage per billing cycle. I am not a power user and don't stream)This phone came nicely packaged, with the typical accessories and users manual. I had previously bought a used Atrix 2 that was damaged, thinking I could replace the screen....long story short, I should have just bought new.It came with Gingerbread, but in late 2012 it was blessed with the Ice Cream Sandwich (4.0.4) Android operating system which, in effect, updated the phone to 2012 software specs. The newest one is Jelly Bean. I downloaded all of the updates via Wifi shortly after unboxing the phone. Also, I am loving the fact that you can uninstall most of the AT@T apps easily, in turn clearing up space and memory. It also has a limiter that you can set to throttle yourself if you are on a limited data plan, which is great when seeing how much data you are using per app. It will warn you when data usage is getting close to your predefined limit.The performance of this phone has been excellent. Call quality is good, screen is vivid with nice colors, GPS (a biggie for me) locks onto satellites very quickly and keeps them. Yesterday I averaged 15 hours of moderate use on the device between charges. Voice calls, lots of texts, a little bit of GPS usage, took a few pics (great 1080 HD video BTW). Watching movies will burn through the battery quicker, but the experience is enjoyable and the sound from that little tiny speaker is actually quite clear. The dual core CPU, while not as impressive compared to the new quads coming out (obviously) crunches through the apps with vigor and is much faster than my old Droid Charge and HTC Incredible.The price here at Amazon is pretty fair considering the other vendors that I looked at, and the fact the phone is still a fairly mid-high end device that can be used on Straight Talk (if you already have a Sim), AT@T and possible T-mobile, are good traits.

I have had a Motorola atrix for over 2 years and I upgraded to this new version!  I LOVE IT!  Best cell phone ever made!  Durable, fast, easy to use, lots of storage, etc.

Para comprar este celular siquiera me tom&eacute; 4 meses revisando todas las opciones que hab&iacute;a en el mercado, y sacando conclusiones de los productos que mejor cumpl&iacute;an con la ecuaci&oacute;n precio/calidad.Mi decisi&oacute;n no pudo haber sido mejor.El producto lo compr&eacute; para usarlo en mi pa&iacute;s donde tengo el contrato con la operadora Movistar, y el funcionamiento fue autom&aacute;tico. Tuve que hacerle unas pocas modificaciones a la configuraci&oacute;n para que me funcionen todas las caracter&iacute;sticas de la operadora, y listo.Realmente con este producto no hay que nada que envidiarles a los productos de moda en el mercado.

My phone has stopped working now. It's not booting up.It was a bad deal and my phone is dead now and I can't do anything with this one.

I am a technical advisor speaking on behalf of a friend that bought from this vendor. Upon startup, the phone's default language was set to Chinese, which leads me to believe this may not be a phone from the US.Here is the major problem: the phone was placed into an active service plan, and is able to make calls (just like any other phone). However, this is some weird version of Android Gingerbread, and cannot use mobile data. No internet, internet required apps or anything that involves internet without wifi. I promptly spoke with a representative from the service provider, and she gave me all of the correct APN settings, which should have made it work. Well it didn't. I applied those same exact settings on my other friend's Atrix 2 bought within the US, and he was able to use 4G mobile data continuously with no problems.Needless to say, PORTABLEGUY = not a very trust-worthy vendor to buy from. The phone works, but will not use mobile data.

I was a bit leery with making my purchase of two Motorola Atrix 2 ME865 Internationational Unlocked phones.  This was my first smartphone and my wife's second and so far they are great.  I received two brand new phones from portable guy and out of the box they updated to ICS 4.0.4 which is a nice OS for general users.  Both of the phones I received had the Hong Kong/Taiwan retail firmware and they had no issues working in the US on Net10 using AT&T; compatible SIM cards.  I was paranoid to begin with and went ahead and got all the tools needed to flash CM10.1 but it isn't needed.One small quirk though on the whole 3G, 4G thing.  The phones have issues picking up 3G and 4G (H and H+) when the WIFI is turned on in settings.  I thought something was wrong because I wasn't picking it up but it was because I was on my home WIFI and I had to turn it off in settings to get the H+.  It may have just been operator error, like I said this is my first go around with a smartphone.  I am into technology and work on computers for a living but that threw me off after reading all of the reviews on these phones.  The battery life is pretty good, display is great, touch is very good but the external storage could be better but that is remedied easy.  Overall I am very satisfied with my new $200 unlocked Android that I can use on any SIM card enabled GSM network.

It was physically damaged than i had anticipated. After a few months of usage the screen was out. Spend a little extra and buy a new hand set, its totally worth it.

todo muy bien, la entrega fue rapida.4 estrella porque no trae el cable hdmi ni los audifonosrecomiendo 100% al vendedor

There is not reeally anything that i dislike about the phone.  A very good value for the money.This is a great internet browser. The camera is not great. The video recorder seems better.  The expandible memory is a nice feaure. I have loaded 152 albums and have lots of room left on a 32G card. Otter box commuter case and mat greatshield screensaver for protection.. The battery lasts me all day, sometimes Two days. I don't play with it all the time! Speaker sounds good, phone recption is very good. I use Net 10 which is billed to a credit card and it has been a very good value for me. My wife also has this phone set up and she loves hers. This is my first smart phone, and it was not too difficult to get used to. I would recomend this phone and service to anyone who has been putting off getting a smart phone because of the high cost of  service by the major carriers.

This is the third Atrix 2 I've owned and the second one from amazon.  The first came about a week ago, and the primary camera would not work.  It was supposed to be a new phone but have my doubts.  I was able to return that one and bought a second new unlocked phone.  It arrived very quickly and free, no complaints there, a full 5 stars to their shipping department.  But this was supposed to be an unlocked, new MB865.  It is an MB865 it is NOT unlocked.  In fact it has the AT&T logo and splash screen as well as all of the AT&T software preloaded.  I should have had a clue when it arrived in the AT&T box.  I do not have AT&T service I have Consumer Cellular.  Now I have to see if I can unload and unlock this "unlocked" phone.  I would have expected more from amazon, remember they were the shippers.  I would welcome any feedback that amazon can offer as to what my next step should be.

I thought I couldn't afford to get my husband a wonderful phone for Christmas, but then I thought 'What the heck I'll check Amazon'! And low and behold the very phone he wanted was here and a price we could afford! Thank you so much for the great and speedy service from the seller and Amazon!

Ok, let's be honest, this is a $250 smartphone.  Not exactly on the high end of the spectrum as far as phones go.  But I have to be honest, I was pleasantly surprised in how good this phone is.  I've had the ipad 2 and the ipad mini, and to be honest, I've never had anything will a super high quality screen.  Again, I know this isn't the best, but it's pretty darn good.  Text on here looks so much better than my ipad 2 and mini, it's quite a big difference to my eye.  This phone is all that I need.  I'm not doing crazy stuff like rooting it or whatever, it just works.  It does the basics rather nicely.  I've never had an Android phone, but I really like what I've seen.  The phone is snappy to respond and with the addition of a program called Swiftkey, typing on the thing is so fun.  I wish they would make something like this for the Ipad.  The only issue I had at first, was that some of the searches resultes in me typing in Chinese or something.  It was so weird.  I'm thinking of flashing the thing with a AT&T firmware, because as of right now the firmware is Chinese.  Not sure exactly what would change when I do it, but it's something to be aware of.

Motorola Atrix 2 4G Works fine, is upgradable to Android ICS (but not to JB). Check carrier compability before to buy, though is 4 band, not work with all carriers (works with all carriers in 2G mode, basic mode). Is a good choice as main or second cell phone, check first for what you want to use... and remember, is a Motorola.

this phone is great.but,i have a question,&iquest;why the store change the original box? i received a generic motorola box without headphones . Anyway, the phone is very very good.and updated with ICS!

the expectation that this phone nia you were good but you see what resibi and at the end of two weeks, place to upload and activate it when brickeo but never lit and have it as a nice paperweight and lost my purchase that you think ?

I used this phone for 3 weeks on a trip to Europe and purchased a SIM card when I arrived overseas. This was a much cheaper option than paying for an international plan with my U.S. phone service. The phone came unlocked and worked with a comviq SIM card. At first, the data wouldn't work, but an employee at the Phone House in Stockholm changed a setting on the phone and it worked just fine. I didn't use the phone much, but I had no problems with it during the 3 weeks it was used.

I was waiting 7 days and got he phone with no battery. Also phone is advertised unlocked it is locked to AT&T. Luckily I called AT&T and they gave me network unlock code - no charge. But I still can not use the phone - do not have battery. Found on Amazon one for 7$ original Motorola replacement battery. Be careful with this seller.

I bought two of this phones and I've had the worst experience buying cellphones online. The cellphones seemed refurbished as one of them had the power button and the battery not working, and the other one came with OS problems as sudden rebooting and the screen acting like crazy as if someone was using it when no one was! I had to change the OS ROM so I could use that one properly BUT with the other one I will have to buy new parts for it to work!! WORST PRODUCT EVER I've had a really bad time with this cellphones.

The difference is ME865 is the phone that was built for the Hong Kong market.  I'm technically able to root it get it upgraded but it was a PIA when I was hoping to open and use it.  Portable guy was the seller. Of course about the time I got everything the way I wanted it, I forget it on the trunk of the car and when I found it, it had been run over many times shattering the screen.Overall the phone was good.Seller misrepresented it as MB865 and sent ME865.  Hardware is the same, it's just the version of firmware that was used.  Don't know if I'll buy from him again since the phone is broke as mentioned above and now I'm looking for another phone.

I'm using the phone with Movilnet in Venezuela. All good so far. To say that the phone is great, I think it is worth .. it is.

This was a phone from the UAE and does not work properly.  I called Motorola and they were unable to fix it since it is from the UAE.  Now I have a phone that doesn't work properly.  This was false advertising, it was advertised as an unlocked phone.  Amazon got this phone from "The Portable Guy" be careful they are selling locked phones which will cause you a hassle.

Firstly, I did not get the MB865; I got the ME865. This is the equivalent Atrix 2 for the Asian Market. I was very alarmed when I booted the phone for the first time only to see Chinese/Cantonese(I think) text. I managed to change the language in the first time use setup screen however, so no big deal.Just be warned, you may get an Asian model, and have to go through the pain of changing the language, as well as the keyboard settings, but other than that it's the same phone. Operates on the same bands etc.ASIDE FROM THAT. The phone's BANGIN'! Games like a beast, multitasks like a beast, does EVERYTHING like a beast...Including drink up that battery lol. If you're conscious about it, you can make it last about 18 hours, but that means no gaming and other battery saving things.That being said, the phone's well worth the price. It's great if you want an almost top of the line phone and don't have top of the line money.EDIT (August 4th, 2013)Having had the phone for half a year now I have a couple of things to add.1. The battery life got better after upgrading to Ice Cream Sandwich. (It gets even better if you flash it to the Leaked Jelly Bean 4.1.2 that was released earlier this year)2. I got the asian ME865 as I mentioned earlier, but particularly the one made for the Hong Kong/Taiwan market, meaning it was (previously) unable to be rooted. Because I have a phone marketed to an Asian market, I have found that certain apps are unavailable for me within Google's Play store (because of regional restrictions). Apps and Games that should be available to me where I am SHOULD be there but aren't.Since buying this phone there have been a few drawbacks, but I've worked around each one of them. If you're technically knowledgeable then you can.You CANNOT root this phone if it is the Hong Kong/Taiwan market ME865. You have to flash it over to the Asian Retail firmware, then root THAT.HOWEVER if you get your hands on the third(and final) leak of Jelly Bean 4.1.2 that was made for this phone, and you DO have an ME865, then you can safely flash it on, and then root that as well.It's about 97% stable, and rootable.I took off one star for all the hassle I had to go through because of the seller's unwillingness to STATE that he is selling Asian phones. I bought it from "THE PORTABLE GUY"In the end, the phone is still a wonderful phone and is a GREAT buy for the money (especially because it's now $90 less than when I bought it, I would buy it all over again)It just requires a bit of technical knowledge and know-how to get around the issues faced.

received yesterday as promised. from the time it took to unpack and sign up with tmobile, less than 10 mins. finally found a phone that I like and its fast. now just need to get used to it. this is for business .looks classy and tough, not made of cheap material as Samsung or other companies I tried in the last three months.will update if any changesFINALLY HAD TO RETURN IT BACK. THIS PHONE IS NOT COMPATBLE WITH T-MOBILE....IT WILL WORK BUT YOU WILL NOT GET HOTSPOT IF THAT IS IMP TO YOU. IT WAS TO ME.I ACTUALLY LIKED THE PHONE , DESIGN AND QUALITY IS VERY GOOD. JUST UNFORTUNATE ITS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH TMOBILE.......SELLER IS VERY COOPERATIVE......

Motorola Atrix 2 4G MB865 Black - Unlocked GSM Quad Band - Android Gingerbread 2.3.5 - 8MP - 3D HDTOTALLY DISAPPOINTED W/ THIS SELLER, PORTABLE GUY, WHO SENT ME AN ATRIX2 IN CHINESE and possibly a PRE-OWNED phone. I contacted Motorola CS who helped me through in trying to erase the embedded Chinese software from the phone, along with the previous owner's data, but UNSUCCESSFUL. THEREFORE I RETURNED THE ATRIX2 BACK TO AMAZON. THE DELIVERY SERVICE IS EQUALLY INCOMPETENT, THE PRODUCT ARRIVED 2 DAYS AFTER SCHEDULED DATE, AND THROUGH USPS, this is how FEDEX SMARTSHIP DOES BUSINESS, THEY SUB-LET THEIR JOB w/ USPS, to actually ask for customer pickup.

Well, at first I asked to return the item cause I noticed it was locked, but wasn`t. I think took a long time to recognize my braziliam micro-chip here in the US!!!!But after using it, seems to be good.Sometimes heat a little bit but its ok. I was disapointed with the camera quality despite the 8MB!!!

This review is for the Motorola Atrix 2 in general, not necessarily this specific phone that may or may be unlocked (from the looks of the other reviews). I do not recommend the Atrix 2. If you are looking for a quality upgrade to the original Atrix, which was a groundbreaking phone way ahead of its time, this is NOT it. The Atrix 2 has terrible battery life, lags, and is overall the opposite of all the great things the Atrix was. I have had this phone for over a year now and I couldn't be more ancy to get a new one. If you are looking for a quality motorola product, go with the original Atrix (which I have had and loved every minute of it) or the Atrix HD (I have not owned this phone but have heard great things from friends). Moral of the story: SKIP IT

I though I would be ok with a smaller phone and was not. The reviews also bragged on sound quality was not impressed. Information all pointed at this phone being 4G and it's not.

Let me start by saying that I own the Samsung Tab 2 7.0.  I really like it and have enjoyed ICS, Android 4.0.  I bought the Atrix 2 knowing that it could be updated to ICS.  I was a bit shocked to find that my unlocked Atrix 2 could not be because it is not from the US but a Latin America version.  In Latin America, only select carriers and countries received the update.All things as they are, I think this is a great phone and well worth the price.  Even though I really like ICS and wanted it on the phone, I am learning to live with 2.3.6 gingerbread by making a few adjustments.  I am not really wanting to root the phone, so I will stick with Gingerbread.  It is a fantastic phone, just be aware, you may never be able to update it without rooting it.My last phone was a Nokia N8.  I wanted the best of Android and a good phone.  My biggest disappointment with this phone is the quality of the pictures it takes.  They are nowhere near as good as the N8 was.  I really liked that the N8 could double as a point and Shoot in a pinch.  That is not something this phone is really capable of.Overall, I am very pleased, because I was aware of most of the limitations before I bought the phone.I would buy one again, because of the lower price point.  If money were no object, I would probably buy a Samsung or try the Atrix HD.

The seller did not tell everything about this phone. The phone is great if you using it with AT&T. But if you have tmobile like me, you will be surprised that the phone is an AT&T locked phone, because it has AT&T apps already installed on it and it picks up only edge on tmobile, so no 3g no 4g for tmobile customers. I don't call this an "unlocked phone". It comes with no earpieces and loses signal frequently and shows message saying: "connection unavailable". I'm really disappointed with this phone. I already contacted the seller for return

When I bought the phone,  I was not aware that the setup features will be in Chinese. .Well I tried n I managed to setup the language to English even some of the features cannot.  I am glad at least the phone works in that countrt..However it hangs a lot. .so that ddifficult to even end a call ..till have to take battery out just to turn off the phone ..n this happen a lot of time. ..more than 3x in 1 day. .I really dissatisfied

I was in a rollover accident back in late 2011 and my iPhone 3GS was nearly shattered so I ended up having to get a new phone.  My wife has had Cricket for the longest time and had an Android phone so I decided to get a Droid.  I have never regreted that choice.  My dad bought me this for Christmas and I loved how much faster it is than most phones and how big the screen is.  It makes for more enjoyable YouTube watching and game apps are funner to play.  I recommend this phone to everyone!!

excelente tel&eacute;fono motorola , me encanta este movil , llego muy a tiempo y desbloqueado como lo ofrecen, por ese motivo le doy 5 estrellas ...!!!

Although the phone is unlocked and I was able to put any sim card on it, AT&T had disabled the wifi hotspot capability. I was forced to root the phone and manually enable this feature by using SQLite Editor. That's the reason I didn't give it five starts.

Soon after I received the phone it started having major screen issues - shaking, thinking I was touching things or typing when I wasn't. I would constantly have to turn it on and off to get it to work even a little bit. Then, after about 6 months, the battery life dropped significantly. It had been pretty good - lasting about 12 hours with moderate use - but then it fell to only 30 minutes with moderate use. Finally the battery basically exploded.Do not recommend buying this model!!

We purchased this telephone as a replacement for a lost Motorola Atrix 2, and were disappointed . . .--the camera does not work at all--the phone won't access the internet using 4g, but some much slower system--the phone has multiple other quirks--updating the software will not repair the problems--Amazon will not give a full refund after 30 days--Motorola USA will not honor its advertised 12 month warranty because the telephone was &#34;registered in Malaysia&#34;.  Motorola actually told us to contact &#34;our customer support in Malaysia&#34;!!!!!By the time Motorola referred us to Malaysia, my wife and I had spent hours on the telephone and internet based customer help forum.We spent over $200 on a new telephone, marketed and sold through Amazon.com to the American consumer.  This is supposed to be a high tech telephone, which we can now only use to make and receive telephone calls.  My family has used Motorola cellular telephones for over ten (10) years, but intend to switch to different hardware.This has been an extremely stressful and frustrating experience.  Amazon.com and Motorola's response has been disappointing.DO NOT BUY THIS CELLULAR TELEPHONE!!!!

This was a great upgrade I made from an older, clamshell style phone. I got this from &#34;BREED&#34; and I am very happy with it.The pros:1. It looks beautiful, well made.2. Very solid and professional feel.3. Easy to set up, SIM card in and I was basically done.4. Absolutely as described by seller, brand new.The cons:1. Yes, Motorolas are made in China, and this is the Chinese version, which only has one difference from the American versions that I can find: On the keyboard screens, there is a small icon that switches from &#34;Han&#34; to &#34;En&#34;. other than that, identical. All you have to do is simply keep it on &#34;En&#34; and you're good.2. Slightly older browser software. Not going to get specific, but , there are hotter phones out there, but not for this price.The phone came packaged perfectly, new and was a cinch to set up. Solid, smooth interface, decent web access( using my home wi-fi), great phone features, a beautiful looking phone. Good price.

Good Quality and works perfectly!!! I recommend this product for all the people who need a cheap smartphone with full features

the phone has problems with the processor as it turns off and does not restart, the battery must be sacred to return to work. I would like to know what to do

This phone is not "unlocked". AT&T; did not release any codes for this phone yet. The phone has an AT&T; logo on it. Hello?!We called AT&T; since my wife has AT&T; for years and asked for an unlock code. AT&T; does not have those in their system.It's a disgrace that Amazon have this on their website, and I believe it should the page should be retracted.Amazon has good customer support. But this item's description does not match reality.I bought this phone from Amazon.com and took it with me overseas. Now I will have to pay the cost of shipping it back to the states because Amazon shipped it to my local address in the US.

I researched many smart phones, tried a few and fell in love with this phone.  Using the touch screen is great, and it's responsiveness, power and functions make it worth getting one.

this phone is really fast, works fine with t-mobile. and it uses normal sim card if anyone wonders. some websites say it uses micro sim but its not in my case. overall phone is really good, fast and screen is crystal clear and not too small and not too big. its just perfect. im very happy with my purchase.

I first noticed charging issues when the phone first arrived. The seller sent a new charger free of charge, which seemed to help. I purchased a new battery, which seemed to help. But, ultimately, after intermittent spells of not charging and then charging, this phone is finally a brick after nursing it along for 6 months.  When a repairman checked to purchase the charge port, he found the port could not be purchased separately from the motherboard. He found one used one for $60, but it also had a bad charge port. My assumption now is that this phone possibly has defective charge ports from the manufacturer. I spent $200 (at the time I purchased this, was $200) for a defective phone and have nothing to show for it, except for a battery and a charger.

Title says atrix 2 4g , A true Atrix 2 is :2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 19003G Network HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100SIM Mini-SIMNOT 4G4G is atrix 4g MB860As one stated "Chinese" special?See: [...]

this cellphone are perfect the core and the ram totally fast really glad with my purchase thank you :) see ya

THIS WAS A GOOD PHONE, ALTHOUGH IT CAME CONFIGURED TO BELL SOUTH AND HAD TO BE FULLY ROOTED TO ACTIVATE WIFI TETHERING, ETC.. FEVEN THEN THE ATRIX 2 PROVED SIGNIFICANTLY SLOWER AS A WIFI SERVER NEVER GETTING EVEN REMOTELY CLOSE TO ATRIX 1'S CRANKIN 4G SPEED. BETTER SCREEN AND CAMER VS FIRST MODEL, BUT THE  MICRO-USB PORT SOON BECAME LOOSE AND DISJOINTED AND MADE FOR DIFFICULT WORKAROUNDS IN ORDER TO RECHARGE OR TRANSFER DATA.NOT A WEEK LATER, THE ATRIX 2 WAS LAUNCHED FRISBEE  STYLE AT MY HEAD FROM ACROSS THE ROOM BY MY GIRLFRIEND INTENT ON IMPROVING OUR COMMUNICATIONS.BE WARNED, THE TELEPHONE IS NOT VERY AERODYNAMIC AND  REQUIRES TO BE THROWN WITH ALOT OF FORCE FOR MAXIMUM DAMAGE - WHICH IT WAS, AND WITH PRECISE  AIM - WHICH IT WAS NOT.BALLISTICS, STARTLE EFFECT AND OVERALL IMPACT RATING WHEN LAUNCHED AT TARGET (MY HEAD) FROM 3 METERS AWAY ARE SUPERIOR TO THOSE EXHIBITED BY WOMENS SHOES, EVEN WHEN THROWN IN A ONE-TWO LAUNCH, BUT COME UP SHORT VS  BEER BOTTLES AND HEAVY CERAMIC PLATES.THE ATRIX II BECAME STRUCTURALLY UNSOUND AND COHESIVELY DISCOMBOBULATED UPON IMPACT WITH THE WALL, SEPARATING INTO AT LEAST 4 PARTS. THE ROOMFUL OF TRAINED MONKEYS I KEEP ON HAND IN CASE OF SUCH EVENTUALIITIES  REASSEMBLED THE ATRIX II IN NO TIME AT ALL, AND EVEN THOUGH THE UNIT WAS NO LONGER FUNCTIONAL AS A COMMUNICATIONS DEVICE, THE MICRO USB PROBLEM WAS SOLVED - AND WITH THE BATTERY REMOVED, THE ATRIX 2 IS BECOMES A DISCREET AND STYLISH CASE FOR HIDING THE SECRET STASH!

The Motorola ME865 is a great phone to have. It can do all it's supposed to do and will work in Europe by using you providers SIM or id you wand to, by a purchased Foreign SIM. It's very flexible and truly a great phone.

My phone came from Nair007 in two days !!! It works and looks brand new. My first day was spent just putting in settings. My straight talk sim works with no problem. I will keep you posted on this phone.

Best phone ive owned bar none. Came strait from manufacturer new in box....Unlocked for any GSM network. . . . .

This Motorola atrix 2 4g is the worst phone . I will advice any one not to buy it. It did not work for a minute after charging for 24 hrs.Bad market, bad product the seller is also dubious because he knows the phone is a scrap and he is still selling it to people.

I absolutely love this phone! Hands down the best one I've ever used! Anyway everything is working flawlessly on it and i couldn't be happier, it has so many cool features. At first i had a little trouble setting the APN for data and MMS but after a little research on Google I was able to figure it out and now I cant seem to put it down (battery is pretty decent too for having a dual core processor). I definitely recommend this product to anyone that's looking for a amazing affordable phone that wont quit!#Android for life!I recommend getting the Zagg Invisible Shield as a screen protector, its the best screen protector out there and it covers the whole screen, unlike other that i've also used.

So, we bought Atrix1 about 2 years ago and liked it a lot for the price that we ended up buying two Atrix2 for other family members. They took care of the battery issue from Atrix1, which was our only complain with the Atrix1. 2 is a very good phone for the price. I love Android phones; IMHO Apple products are pompous.

I am going to put it very simple, I have a basic android player single core with 500mB RAM and it's more accurate and faster than this ATRIX 2 dual core 1 Gb RAM!!!, I updated this phone to the latest available android version and still freezes up playing music or it simple quits outputting audio signal so I needed to reboot it once in while (really annoying), I sincerely felt very disappointed since a dual core should be better and faster with simple tasks like playing music or video, right?; I do not know if it was an error but the one I received was a model ME865 and this vendor advertises the model MB865, I read in one review that these two models are quite different in hardware and that may carry some troublesome with some regions, I gave two stars just because it was a truly unlocked phone but that's it; I wanted to have a phone and an Android player in a single device and unfortunately I could not achieve it with this item, I am returning it and I'll look for another option.

I was a little concerned when i first got this phone. I had an iPhone 3gs before and wasn't sure if i wanted to try the android or stick with iOS. I love the Atrix 2!! I have had some minor problems, like with any phone, but can always be fixed with just a shut off and back on. Would definitely recommend this phone!

I bought this phone because it was unlocked, but when I received it the phone required an unlock pin. Is not fair because Device Now announce an unlocked equipment. I still can't use this phone!!

Very good phone with lots of features, but a constant battery drain, needs charging every 3/4 hours of use. The phone charger I received with the phone did not work.

I've had this phone for about a month now. I'm a phone and gadget nut so I usually buy a new(er) unlocked phone every 9 months to a year if the price is right. This is a great phone so far, HOWEVER; I thought when I ordered it that the model Amazon featured said it was upgrade-able to ICS though it came with Gingerbread on it. Turns out that the rom on the phone I got was a South American version, so even though the phone was unlocked as stated and there is English available as a language option besides Spanish, the phone could not be upgraded to ICS. Motorola told me so; Motorola also told me that if I wanted them to upgrade the rom, I could send it to them and pay them $150. Absurd. Fortunately, I've flashed roms before and finding out how to root it and flash the stock AT&T ICS rom to it was not difficult for me, so I did just that. It works great now. There's no chance of an official or even a custom JB rom that is stable going forward but that's ok with me. This phone has a nice form factor for a man with medium sized hands like mine; I can actually use it for some web browsing and reading (unlike my Sony Ericsson st15a mini which is another great phone btw). Zumocast is awesome for streaming media content from your home library (mine is 200gbs music alone)to any place you happen to be so you don't have to load lots of files on the micro sd card. It's feature packed and there's really nothing I don't like about it (after the work that went into getting the right rom on it).

I am very pleased with the purchase of this product. This cell phone is great! I love it!!!! I recommend this seller. Greetings from Ecuador

In truth , I have to take back what I wroted.I bouth this phone making a huge sacrifice , and after all , I'm very happy . I well tell you that when I got the phone, I did not realize that the loud speaker was defectived . but in the end I was satisfied with the phone I bought. I wrote the comment you saw, not to make them send me another phone, I wroted the coment  so that the next time they sell a phone ... they try  check it before sending it to anny one . I felted satisfied with the phone I bought.  further then that they surprised me in a way i did not expected . I haved to said that I received and email in which the ask me to send the phone back  Humbly, I answered them truthfully. I can not send the phone because I haved to pay 35 dollars , which I did not had at the time . I told them that in the end I was pleased with the phone, and not to worry ... I was satisfied with the purchase. The furthest I had was that they did send me another phone . And much better than the one I bought .  honesty ... these people are serious ... and I say thanking them for what they  did for me. Completely satisfied with the purchase ...SellCellDeals... way to go... Thanks... Gracias. You haved a custumer 100 porcent satisfice.En verdad, tengo que retractarme de lo que escrib&iacute;. Compre este tel&eacute;fono haciendo un sacrificio inmenso, y despu&eacute;s de todo, estoy bien contento. Les cuento que cuando recib&iacute; el tel&eacute;fono, no me percat&eacute; que el altavoz esta defectuoso. pero en el fondo me sent&iacute; conforme con el tel&eacute;fono que compr&eacute;. Escrib&iacute; el comentario que vieron antes, no para que me mandaran otro tel&eacute;fono. Si no, para que la pr&oacute;xima vez que ellos vendieran un tel&eacute;fono... trataran por sobre todas las cosas de verificarlo antes de mandarlo. Yo me sent&iacute; conforme con el tel&eacute;fono que compr&eacute;. Lo mas lejos que yo ten&iacute;a era que me sorprender&iacute;an, en la forma que lo hicieron. Les cuento que recib&iacute; un correo en el cual me dec&iacute;an que mandara el tel&eacute;fono de vuelta que ellos me mandar&iacute;an otro tel&eacute;fono. Humildemente, yo les respond&iacute; con la verdad. Yo no puedo mandar el tel&eacute;fono ya que tengo que pagar 35 dolares, que no ten&iacute;a en el momento. Les dije que en el fondo yo estaba conforme con el tel&eacute;fono, y que no se preocuparan... Yo estaba conforme con la compra. Lo m&aacute;s lejos que ten&iacute;a era que ellos me mandar&iacute;an otro tel&eacute;fono. Y mucho mejor que el que yo compr&eacute;. A honestidad... estas personas son serias y pueden hacer sus compra con mucha confianza... y lo digo agradeciendo lo que hicieron por mi. Completamente satisfecho con la compra...SellCellDeals... as&iacute; se hace...  Gracias. Ustedes tienen un cliente 100 por ciento satisfecho. Y les comprar&iacute;a 1000 art&iacute;culos si es que los necesito. Gracias

I got my product on time but it came with a dead battery which is useless and seems like it is not a Motorola but a cheap replacement.

I upgraded this phone to the most recent Android OS available by Motorola - which is Android 4.0.4Phone feels very durableBattery life is normal - using WiFi for youtube & sending emails & texts through the day - battery always lasts one full day- Sometimes lasts 2 or 3 days depending on level of useJust as powerful hardware as lots of other phones on market - but much more inexpensiveHappy I purchased it! (Ontario, Canada)

This phone is great, it works very good.I recommend this phone.You can update to ICS 4.0I.2Ghz, 1GB RAM, 8 GB internal memory.I love too much.

I received my order for two Motorola Atrix two days early. I have to say that my daughter an I are very impressed with the phones so far. I have only had my phone for two days and I love it. The phones came unlocked just like it states in the post. The only thing I had to do was add or change some APN settings, so I Just added another APN to the list for my internet to work. After I added my APN settings for the carrier I wanted the internet came right up. The phone works with any carrier even straight talk. I have had no problems with this phone.

Hi,Although I was upset about the phone not being unlocked as the seller stated, I liked it overall and unlocked it on my own.The 3 stars is because it wasn't unlocked, otherwise, I would rate it as five stars!

I liked the phone, but something happen to it in about a week and would make it go dead in 2-3- hrs without any use.So had to return.

It is not what I want it don't fat with the Motorola lap dock what can you do for me

This phone is a replacement for an exact same phone purchased from AT&T which no longer worked.  It has better battery, works excellently and I am very happy with this phone.  Thanks for making this a very good buy!

This phone is sold by many different retailers here on Amazon.  The important thing to realize is that few (if any) of these phones are truly 'NEW'.  I would call them refurbished.  I've ordered 3 of these from different sellers.  I don't understand why Amazon allows these to be advertised as new, when they clearly are not new.  What makes this even worse, is that some people get foreign market phones (my 1st order), locked phones (my 3rd order), or phones that don't work fully (3rd one-internet didn't function).So, The phone itself is great. You can read reviews and see that it's a solid phone.  It just seems like Amazon needs to police their sellers more, and encourage more accurate product description and require sellers to ship what the item description actually claims you are buying.I have to give the product 5 stars, because it's a great phone.  But if I were rating the sellers, I'd mark them down because they simply aren't being honest about what they are selling.  *New* is not the same as nearly new, almost new, refurbished, or broke as hell.  Major props to PINKTECH seller, my 2nd phone arrived damaged (Shipping damage) and they did everything they could to make it right, even refunding my shipping charges.

i bought 2 items last October 20th that said new on the description. im from Panama nad i had to wait 1 month practically to receive the package and find out the wheren't new as described. almost 3 moths and i still don't have my phones.Shame  on tablets distributors.Amazon team helped me out with this issue a lot. Good for you guys, keep on the great job!

First of all, the descriptions of the product says this is unlocked, FALSE. The cellphone came locked with AT&T; carrier.Since I live outside of the USA, the cost for return is half of the price of the cellphone.Very dissapointed.

Cristian Iniestra.Well, I got this phone & I am very happy & satisfied with it. The price is worth. I totally recommend it.

This version of the phone is not compatible with US cell systems and does not work here. Get the other version

Dual-Core, MicroSD, Good 4.3 inch screen, all those in a half-priced phone? Maybe, but not always.The Gingerbread should have updated to ICS, but did not... Motorola say the seller (UnlockedCellPhoneKings) has changed its OS, and therefor it will not get updates, and also lost its warranty!The phone came with no support for 3G internet, for the same reason. The seller offered me to return and refund, but withing a week, which the item will not arrive to him. He does not seem to care.The phone itself does have some gleeches sometimes - when you need to restart it, but it's not on a daily basis, so you I can afford it for this price as long as it works. I think buying a good working one is a good choice, but you have to check carefully who is the seller, and what phone he gives you.

good night, I need to know if this cel phone can connected to the 3g network = 1900 to 4g network = 1700? much know thank all the information you can provide me about this phone, this information is vital to make the purchase.Marlon Mirabal

I thought I would not like this phone after having the Droid X for over 2 years, but this phone is so much faster and light and I love the Honeycomb operating system. The other thing that I was concern was I've been a Verizon customer for over 17 years, and I not sure how well AT&T holds up, I guess well find out. The other thing is these phones are able to be used with Straight Talk, and that a plus when your budget minded

I have been very impressed by the smartphone Motorola Atrix 2 4G.  The quality of the display, fast response, duration of the battery, are excellent. I switched from a Samsung Galaxy S2 to this cell phone, and even noticed better performance of the Atrix 2.I really recommend this smartphone at such a nice price.

Moto Atrix is awesome!!!... voice commands (English and Spanish), the display is very good, HD.The swype input is very good thanks to precision of the screen touch, it's excellent product. Also it's unblocked to the other countrys.

Did a LOT of investigating before settling on this phone and it fits me to a tee. Even with a silicone bumper it fits perfectly in a front pocket and best of all I can change the battery if need be. ICS was a long time coming but is a worthy upgrade.If the nonsense of permanently sealing phones and making them ridiculously thin, all for the sake of "style" keeps up, I'll be keeping this one as long as it will work. And the price is right too!Update:As expected the price has now dropped to about half what it was making this phone a steal so I ordered another as a backup. I couldn't care less about the camera or a razor thin design with 5 inch+ screen that screams GEEK! What I do care about is a battery I can replace as I do not feel present lithium tech works well enough to justify sealing phones and making them a toss in the trash commodity.UPDATE 5/2013: After more than a year of use I can still say this is the best phone on the market (unless you're a photography fanatic). I get a chuckle out of those who pamper their permanently sealed super phones by wrapping them in rubberized armor so they'll still look new when the sorry-excuse-for-a-battery craps out!

I bought the phone 1 week ago to find that it is not unlocked. I like the phone a lot, the dimensions, its light weight and the size of the screen are just perfect but this phone is not really unlocked.As soon as I turned it on, AT&T; errors started to appear and it doesn't work with any operator other than AT&T.; I will definitely return it.Don't buy it.

The phone has option for 2G and 3G but no selection for 4G why not and why does it say on advertisement  4G this is my biggest gripe I can tell the difference between my IPHONE 4S 4G it's slower to bring up the info and IAM not use to waiting for info to download even my 3G IPhone  didn't have any delay and maybe that spinning star icon makes it more annoying and slower ha. But it is good phone I think that the atrix 3 will be better but the thing is motorola/ googles X is going to be something special and is worth the wait in May  I think but to be honest I thought I was getting the HD so once I found that out let down but I'd keep this phone if it had 4G on it and that's the bottom line.THE SELLER IS EXCELLENT  PORTABLE GUY WILL BUY FROM THEM FIRST ALWAYS .

LOVE this phone. As an advanced android user, this phone's capabilities really pull through. Absolutely no problems with it whatsoever. Only slight grievance is the power button tends to get stuck sometimes but it's a purely cosmetic thing.

The phone works excellent , but the charger wasn't original so charging time takes more than usual and the battery drop off quickly.

When I got it, I think that it is perfect phone but I release that, after I called my friend, its mic has problem. It makes noise, so your voice is getting worse. my suggestion is that look another one. I will return it.

The phone is awesome. I already rooted it easily. I use it along with H2O unlimited plan. I get 4G speeds around 3Mbps download and 2Mbps upload in my area in New Jersey, which is ok for me. The camera is pretty good and the video quality is jaw dropping. I get battery life about 1.5 days with heavy usage. It may get better as I have just installed Juice Defender. I recommend the phone and the seller.

hangs sometimes or not receiving calls

Had a great experience with this seller. He was very pleasant and efficient. Phone is exactly as described. No complaints! I'd recommend it to anyone contemplating (:

Good afternoon, to review the photo of the Motorola Atrix 2 I could appreciate that it is not new, where you see wear on the cabinet. Think it is appropriate and necessary for me to confirm this via the actual caracteristivas device. thanks. I live in Venezuelan.

I bought this phone as an emergency replacement for a broken Samsung Galaxy S2. I loved my poor Samsung, but I've had lots of successful history with Motorola products as well, so after reading some reviews I opted for this phone. Just wow... this phone already seems to outperform the Galaxy S2. It is lightning fast with tons of memory space. The screen is slightly smaller than the Galaxy screen, but is plenty sufficient and crystal clear with vivid colors. Thank you Amazon, Motorola, and AT&T!!

hey device arrived fine perfect i like it happy with it but it has certain things that i wish it didnt had.- issue with micro sd card when plugged to the pc and un plugged the phones stops detecting the so power cycling the phone doesnt work you have to remove the lid and reset the card manually.am guessing that maybe reinstalling the os csutom rom might fix it.hotspot feature is looked by ATT , when i got th ephon eit was looked i paid this guys over the net [...]

Good night, at the end of January I bought this cell phone with this company, with all the enthusiasm of the world, but what is my surprise, it arrived damaged cell phone. I got in touch with these people who at first were very kind to me, but over time they are stopped answering my emails. I really feel cheated by these gentlemen, I demand my money back, the cell phone as we agreed envoy was, and so far have not given me any response. Be careful with this company.Buenas noches, a finales de enero me compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono con esta compa&ntilde;&iacute;a, con todo el entusiasmo del mundo, pero &iquest;cu&aacute;l es mi sorpresa, lleg&oacute; da&ntilde;ado tel&eacute;fono celular. Me puse en contacto con estas personas que al principio eran muy amables conmigo, pero con el tiempo se dej&oacute; de contestar mis mensajes de correo electr&oacute;nico. Realmente me siento estafado por estos se&ntilde;ores, exijo mi dinero de vuelta, el tel&eacute;fono celular como nos pusimos de acuerdo fue enviado, y hasta ahora no me han dado ninguna respuesta. Tenga cuidado con esta empresa.

The Atrix 2 is not as user friendly as my original Atrix. First of all everything was in Chinese and I had to figure how to change that and it wasn't easy. . I was hoping for something that was familiar to me and this was a completely different setup. If I can get the Multimedia text to working it will be a little better.

the phone was excelent, its beautifull but i was very angry when i opened the delivery box and inside it is opened, the warranty didnt come, and the phone has a little scrashes.

I got this phone so that I could drop one of the big 4 providers and their car payment style bills. I was able to hook this up on net10's network and it was easy. I had to buy the unlocked Sims card which radio shack had right down the street from me for $10. The phone is fast has the latest features that Samsung and Apple are charging top dollar for. I also really like the looks of this phone it is slim, and has a huge screen. I've used the HDMI out already and it worked great, was able to watch direcTV with the app on my TV. The Camera takes quality pictures and HD video and you will not be disappointed with it.Update 6-20-13: Took a vacation to Florida and the phone worked awesome the whole trip. I had excellent coverage, GPS worked miracles, data speed was fast. I was able to stream netflix, DirecTV, MLBTV Ect. everywhere. Watched SF giants games sitting in a hot tub in Fort Lauderdale on my phone. Used the HDMI to plug into HDTV's the whole trip, it was like having a portable cable box with me. My average data speed was over 7mbps. I took a ton of cool pictures and video and was able to post them right onto my favorite social sites like FB. Love this phone :)

Item advertise as new, but unit was defective (top part of touchscreen didn't work) and it had a scratch on the camera lens (no protective cover). Contacted seller and they offered a replacement, but I had to pay return shipping. I've never had to do this with a defective product before. I will not buy from orderinstant(USA) again!! The phone itself is very pretty cool as far as I can tell, but as I said, it doesn't work properly. I will see if the replacement is any better.

I'm satisfied with the buy. It's fast, smooth, comfortable and elegant too. Motorola did a great job. Android rules baby.

an excellent phone, very fast and efficient quality in photos and videos, good memory capacity, the size is ideal  excellent

Ya tengo una semana con el desde que me llego a Venezuela. El vendedor (AcesoryOne) fue responsable y el telefono llego nuevo y desbloqueado, ademas me incluyeron de regalo un cargador para el auto.Sobre el telefono es espectacular, tiene lo suyo respecto al GSII

Pedi el cellular deslaqueado para usarlo con la compania que yo quisiera, y me llego con el logo de ATT. Algunos de los APPs que quiero no los puedo descargar correctamente debido a que esta laquedo con att. Ademas la pila se descarga rapidamente.

So far, so good.  Had this for a month or so now and everything is in working order.  She loves the Atrix 2 (has the lapdock, and cardock), and is loathe to upgrade to Atrix HD because the docks are not compatible.  Bad move Motorola/Google.

Good phone, you need to purshase a micosd Card with the phone because is required when you try to use the camera

I reserved comment on this phone until I had used it and searched for flaws. It's been over three months now and I'm still searching. The phone isn't perfect, but the occasional glitches are so minor and so easily resolved, they aren't worth mentioning. I've read many of the negative reviews and don't understand most of the complaints. I suspect that a lot depends on the integrity of the vendor. Some of them seem to be selling used and refurbished phones as new with the battery being the only accessory.In this regard I must compliment JOYCELLS for delivering exactly what was advertised i.e. a new unlocked phone version MB865 in original packaging and accessories including USB cable, headset and A/C adapter.Based on my usage and some negative reviews, I wish to make the following comments.Do not buy a used or refurbished phone. It's just not worth the trouble.Choose your vendor wisely. Read the Ad carefully, not only for what it says but also what it does not say and while cost is important it should not be the only factor.Version MB865 is the recommended version for the Americas and the Caribbean. Some Ads do not indicate which version of the phone is being sold and I suspect this is one reason for some of the complaints.Battery life is a big issue for all smartphones and this one is no exception. Some of the comments however lead me to believe that some buyers have received defective phones or batteries. Let me say that I'm a moderate user, the phone isn't joined to my hip or hand and this is the main factor in determining how long it lasts on a single charge. If the phone is always in your face, obviously you'll need to charge more frequently. I charge my phone once a day (at night) and sometimes there's over 50% of the previous charge remaining.The factory installed OS is Gingerbread 2.3.5 not ICS or Jellybean. If you receive this phone with any version other than Gingerbread 2.3.5 then it's probably used. You can upgrade to ICS 4.0.4 if you wish.This phone is sold as unlocked which means it will work on any GSM network anywhere. If it does not, then you were sold a locked phone which is shameful on the part of the vendor.The internal memory is 8GB. Please note however that approx. 3.45GB is used for factory installations. You therefore have approx. 4.55 GB for your personal use which is a lot for downloading apps. I have so far installed over 50 apps and still have over 3GB of internal memory left. The external memory is great, up to 32GB.In conclusion, if you're looking for a mid level, fully functional phone with all the basic Android features, not too large and fits nicely in the hand with a reasonably large screen (4.3&#34;) and high screen resolution, lots of internal memory for apps and lots of external memory for music, photos and video, you can't go wrong with this. Just take note of the pitfalls mentioned.

Arrived in excellent condition, although in no case were neither headphones nor the phone manually. thanks. good product. recomended this item

I bought for a gift; receiver is sattisfied.

it Works great in Argentina

I recently bought a Motorola Atrix 2 at&t unlocked from TABLET DISTRIBUTORS. I received a chinese phone, with a not working battery and wall charger, which are not original from motorola. The phone cannot turn on. I contact Amazon and they refund my money. I have to say Amazon has an EXCELLENT customer service and attention. In less than 5 hours. Thanks Amazon for your super efficient work. About the seller. They don't sell a product as described at the website and it was a complete lie. It is a pitty that  TABLET DISTRIBUTORS tell us they sell a Motorola product, when it doesn't. Motorola does great smartphones and it's not fair for the phone to receive a bad review. Repeat. It's not the phone. it's the seller. My brother has a Motorola Atrix 2 and it's an amazing phone

Recently bought for my deployment i was in Salerno, Af and well the iPhone i had sucked when it.came to reception this phone was great..... and i recently upgraded to the ice cream sandwich bios...... i also use my tmobile sim in it when i go home i really like this phone and the 4g is amazing.... the only con would be the battery life but i just bought the oem extended case and battery and well i do some hardcore web browsing so the regular battery last about 6 hours so its not horrible... i love the front and rear cam and i love the speaker which i use to hear music i also added a 32gb sd card..... get 4 speed for the mini sd i tried the high speed 10speed card and i had problems with losing files and somenot working but this was before my update so maybe its resolved but with the 4 speed there is not one issue and the hd video looks great.... there is some At&t bloatwear but that you can delete..... i love this phone... 8 months later and still working great

I purchased this Motorola smartphone after I researched on-line reviews. It has very good reviews from experts and customers. Compared to the iPhones and popular smartphones, it is cheap but designed and equiped with high end functions. We received the item before the scheduled date, and love this smartphone at first look. So far we has use it for weeks, and everything is doing well.

I used many Moto's phone before, but since Moto made phones carried Android systems, it makes their phones even better. This phone has really high built quality, it is slim and easy handling, feel solid though. It surprised me that the memory card actually doesn't come with the phone, you need to put your own memory card inside(the description mentioned that). Beside that, everything is perfect!

MB865 had to be returned because I couldn't get it to stay connected to my Wi-Fi network. Phone. And cell network connectivity was excellent.

excellent device, in terms of price-quality, very functional, meets my requirements, meets all my expectations, better impossible.

Excelente. . celularbuen equipo ..pendiente como configurar el idioma al momento de encenderlo por pirmera vezdebe traer configuraicon de eso para pasar a otro dioma

it's a great phone .... my husband and I are on Straight Talk and this phone works great without contract or limits to the phone a great camera and 4G is wonderful

it's the best android phone i ever had til now , very interesting sofware by motorola , interesting phone , i love it

I bought one of these because the ad stated that it was 4G turns out its only a 3G phone.

I bought this phone for my girlfriend and she loves it so far. I own the Atrix 4G and i am absolutely in love with my phone so i recommended her the Atrix 2 as it has some improvements.Screen is great, Android is great, construction is great, Moto is doing good stuff.Give it a try and you wont be dissapointed.

Excellent product love the cellphone great job you guys do the best for my experience with this phone many thanks

I friend bought me this phone for my birthday, great phone, but it came locked, not unlocked as he say.Too bad, now i have to pay to other person for the unlock

I just got the phone and i must say it is beautiful and amazing: my first android and i love it. It is what i expected. I hope it isstays the way it looks.

It has no reason to envy the Iphone, it's a very nice phone with a lot of features.Most of all is very fast and with a big screen

The team received since the second week when I put it to charge to 30% charge and not charge me more, is a defect which does not recommend buying it for Zaarn store. If you can contact me to buy because I send my brother who lives in the U.S. and I brought it to Venezuela.

At the time it was released it was a good phone and still is for the price it has. Nowadays there are many other options for a better return on your money.A good website to do a research is GSMArena.com

Does everything well and better. Speedy, reliable, sturdy and with ICS OS what else does one need. Loving my Atrix 2 more and more everyday.

Around 4 months ago i ordered this Motorola Atrix from you guys, and since the first day started noticing that the battery lasted like for 3 hours Without heavy usage tops, so it went the same way for 3 months, i keep having my phone turning off after 2- 3 hours after charging, also, my phone got realy hot everytime i used it to talk to someone, on the last month the phone started to malfunctuion, it went crazy out of no where, started dialing to phone numbers by its own, typing non sense, turning on and off while using it, oppening apps out of nowhere... all this problems kept happening since the frist day i recieved it from you guys.3 days ago i took it directly to Motorola, for they to help me figure out what was happening... And they shokely took the battery out, and said that it was not a Original motorola battery, and it could explote anytime, that i was lucky it hasnt happen already.I`m really disturbed and mad, because you guys putted my life in risk, because of a non original product, which you said to be original in your page.

Muy buen trato y excelente servicio, desd&eacute; el primer momento todo bien informado hasta la llegada al destino del.paquete. llego entero limpio y sin retrasos el cel es dema bueno cumple con todas mis espectativas

This is actually ME865, not MB865, it is Asian Model, but is easily set to English. No Flashing ROM, unless you want ATT ROM. I am using this on NET10 without issues. Upgrades to Ice Cream Sandwich from Motorola! One of the best Android phones on the market!

The phone arrived 4 days ago (25/02/2013), came unlocked and is New (bought it from portable guy, second time I use this seller for a phone, have been awesome!).When I started the phone, it was on Chinese, but was easy to change the language to English. Then just insert my SIM card and the phone started working with my provider, no trouble with this.Installed a couple of apps, some worked great, others not so much. I started for the first time Waze, and it crashed three times, then started working. Also, I installed a music player (Double twist) and the phone started rebooting continuously (I freaked out) I managed to uninstall the app and the phone now works great. 8 megapixel camera works pretty good, but not so much at night (most cellphones have this issue). Overall it's a very good phone for its price (bought it at $230), not top of the line (as for example Iphone 5 or Galaxy SIII) but if you want a smartphone at a cheap price, go for it! Just be sure you are buying an unlocked phone from a reliable seller. Peace out from Costa Rica!!!!

After having the phone for about three months, i found it not to be working properly.  Discussions with Motorola Customer Service indicate it needs to be sent in for repair BUT Motorola won't fix it -- at least not in the United States.  In other words Motorola will not honor the phone's warranty in the United States.  Motorola says the IMEI number for the phone indicates it was made for sale in an Arab country and that's where it would have to be repaired.  As much gibberish as all this sounds, I am not kidding.  Thus, a pox on Motorola and a pox especially on the Amazon.com seller who was the source of the phone sold to me.  At the very least I should have been told I was purchasing a phone whose one year warranty would not be honored by Motorola in the US.  Amazon.com shares great responsibility/blame for allowing this business to go on like this.  BOTTOM LINE: BE SURE THE PHONE YOU BUY HAS A WARRANTY THAT WILL BE HONORED IN THE US EVEN IF IT MEANS PAYING MORE FOR IT OR YOU MAY GET SCREWED ROYALLY.

This Atrix 2 by Motorola is a smartphone that totally rocks! My story: Just before Christmas I wanted to take advantage of my option to upgrade. I had a great HTC Tilt 2, which is a great smartphone except for the WinMobile 6.5 os from Microsoft windows which developers basically stopped supporting from way back. I was pretty much going for the iPhone 4s and could have saved $30 with a promo at RadioShack. When I visited the store, I mentioned that the most important thing for me is the battery life and reliability to get streaming data for my business use. My prior phone had to be re-charged after just 4 hours of use with data streaming into my business app. My only solution then was to swap out batteries.The agent, Harry, told me that battery life with the iphone 4s could be an issue. He showed me his own first generation Atrix, which also had fingerprint security. The Atrix and the Atrix 2 has a dual processor, over a gig of RAM and all the rest is very top quality. There was a promo at the time, so I got this great phone for $0 cost. I elected to get the replacement insurance from them for 7 or 8 bucks a month and it's good except if you lose it, but there's no extra money for any problem.This thing is very fast. Maybe the iphone 4s loads websites a trifle faster, but the greatest thing is that my app works good on the 4G network ATT and the battery is still at 30% when I leave work and I can make it home before I need a charge. This is in situations where I have the intense app running nonstop all day and even when I am on certain phone calls simultaneously for several full hour or more phone calls.Android system is good. I avoid apps that use location of my phone, as these are known to drain the battery life.The screen is excellent, touch screen is very responsive, it is fun to look at and there's so much you can do with it, and I have barely scratched the surface of the variety of things available. I wanted to write this review for a while and I have just been way too busy, but the wait has only proven the phone to be better and better to me.It charges up pretty fast too.  Camera is truely excellent quality. I like to do close up photos of nature such as inside of flowers and such, woven fabrics, paintings, small print and this thing auto focuses and shoots super crisp photos. Sound quality is excellent too. I use it with a few free apps to record radio talks and conversations and such. Recording quality is magnificent. Playback is nice, full robust sound.I also have the iPad 2 with just wifi and that is super cool for sure. This phone is to me like a mini iPad. It even has the extra front facing camera also, so you have a 'mirror' if you need it and the 'facetime-ish' experience although I have yet to try any of that, but took some cool self front view pics with me and my gal.I could go on, but you can find the rest on other reviews. I must add that downloaded videos look and sound fantastic. I also checked out the Samsung Galaxy S2, which is also super fast and with all powers and more, with a slightly larger view surface, however I wasn't up for shelling out 300 to 400 to get that one. Zero was quite a good deal for all this phone can do. I put that money toward the Mac Airbook and wow that is super. The Apple Airbook blows away my windows laptops and I have a few. The screen experience is intense.I mention the Airbook together with the Atrix 2 because they are in the superior quality league compared to windows. I hear the new Windows phone is quite good, however who is really going to jump to create apps? I am sure there will be plenty, but compared to Android and the Apple ios iphone and ipad platform ...well it's rather apparent.So, if you want a super great smartphone, I recommend the Atrix 2. Thank you Harry of RadioShack store for going over all the details. Be sure to read the specifications, as that will truely show you the quality built in to this true computer phone. Oh, text messaging is great too: the message appears in the line at the top of your screen while you are doing other things on the phone , and the word suggestions while typing , are many and always pop up the full word I've started typing, so that saves tons of keystrokes. I'm going to load their voice controlled app that let's you speak your text messages in , and that is also reviewed as very good.Admittedly, I am a candidate for the upcoming next iphone but that's still a whole season away from being available. My gal has the original iphone and that thing is super as is! Still, for me to jump to the new one will cost me some serious money, which is all right, but I will still need the same great battery life  or  even better from that, because the new iphones are doing a lot more stuff on a continuing basis all the time they are on, and I really don't have the time or even a place to re-charge during the day. With my Atrix 2, I can buy an extra battery to keep handy if I can't charge it at the end of the day. That's not possible the the iphone since the battery on that isnt' removable.As to it not being unlockable as other reviewers say, I don't need to do that so far. I have to do more research on that.

This is my first high spec Android phone and it's great, camera, connectivity, apps, everything. Very similar to the Galaxy S2 which is also a great smartphone. Can't wait to check the lapdock and the rest of the features.

Well it's been 4 months since I have it and all I can say is I'm lovin' it!!Shipping was on time, and the phone is as fast as my computer :3

The phones work great.Customer service swapped out 1 of the 2 new phones which had problems. No negative reflection on the seller.

Couple of observations:1. Have observed that the signal drops or phone misbehaves when the battery is low.2. The phone seems a little heavier in comparison with SGS.Apart from the above drawbacks, the phone is quite impressive so far..

&#1057; &#1074;&#1080;&#1076;&#1091;- &#1086;&#1076;&#1085;&#1086;&#1090;&#1080;&#1087;&#1085;&#1099;&#1081; &#1072;&#1085;&#1076;&#1088;&#1086;&#1080;&#1076;-&#1089;&#1084;&#1072;&#1088;&#1090;&#1092;&#1086;&#1088;&#1085;. &#1042; &#1094;&#1077;&#1083;&#1086;&#1084; &#1087;&#1088;&#1086;&#1080;&#1079;&#1074;&#1086;&#1076;&#1080;&#1090;&#1077;&#1083;&#1100;&#1085;&#1099;&#1081;. &#1059;&#1089;&#1090;&#1088;&#1072;&#1080;&#1074;&#1077;&#1074;&#1072;&#1077;&#1090;.&#1042;&#1089;&#1077; &#1077;&#1089;&#1090;&#1100;(&#1078;&#1072;&#1083;&#1082;&#1086; &#1095;&#1090;&#1086; &#1041;&#1083;&#1091;&#1077;&#1090;&#1086;&#1086;&#1090;h 2  &#1072; &#1085;&#1077; 3).&#1055;&#1088;&#1080; &#1079;&#1072;&#1087;&#1091;&#1089;&#1082;&#1077; &#1085;&#1077;&#1082;&#1086;&#1090;&#1086;&#1088;&#1099;&#1093; &#1087;&#1088;&#1080;&#1083;&#1086;&#1078;&#1077;&#1085;&#1080;&#1081;, &#1079;&#1072;&#1088;&#1103;&#1076; &#1072;&#1082;&#1082;&#1091;&#1084;&#1091;&#1083;&#1103;&#1090;&#1086;&#1088;&#1072; &#1089;&#1083;&#1086;&#1074;&#1085;&#1086; &#1090;&#1072;&#1080;&#1090; &#1082;&#1072;&#1082; &#1089;&#1085;&#1077;&#1075;, &#1085;&#1086; &#1090;&#1091;&#1090; &#1076;&#1091;&#1084;&#1072;&#1102; &#1076;&#1077;&#1083;&#1086; &#1074; &#1072;&#1085;&#1076;&#1088;&#1086;&#1080;&#1076;&#1077; &#1072; &#1085;&#1077; &#1089;&#1084;&#1072;&#1088;&#1090;&#1092;&#1086;&#1085;&#1077;.&#1048;&#1079; &#1085;&#1077;&#1076;&#1086;&#1089;&#1090;&#1072;&#1090;&#1082;&#1086;&#1074;:&#1042; &#1089;&#1088;&#1072;&#1074;&#1085;&#1077;&#1085;&#1080;&#1085;&#1080;&#1080; &#1089; &#1040;&#1090;&#1088;&#1080;&#1082;&#1089;, &#1090;&#1088;&#1091;&#1076;&#1085;&#1086; &#1085;&#1072;&#1081;&#1090;&#1080; &#1076;&#1086;&#1082;-&#1089;&#1090;&#1072;&#1085;&#1094;&#1080;&#1102; &#1080;&#1090;&#1087;, &#1076;&#1072; &#1080; &#1094;&#1077;&#1085;&#1099; &#1074; &#1085;&#1077;&#1089;&#1082;&#1086;&#1083;&#1100;&#1082;&#1086; &#1088;&#1072;&#1079; &#1074;&#1099;&#1096;&#1077;. &#1086;&#1073;&#1080;&#1076;&#1085;&#1086;.

This is my 3rd Atrix 2 (all purchased at Amazon) . . .  and I didn't buy more because one was bad. Got them for other family members. Everything works, with no weird things during setup. I use them in the US and also in South America (with local SIM cards, of course) with no problems. Especially good for the price, compared to other GSM unlockeds.

i bought the phone and it worked good for a week but then it turned off and i couldn't turn it back on so i called Motorola and they said i didn't charge the battery long enough the first time so i got i new battery which didn't help so i returned it and it was easy to return so i'm buying another one to try again. its a fast phone

I liked it so well when after 3 yrs of hard use I bought another just like it.  Wonder what I'll get when this one dies.

Phone is wonderful, but I have purchased 7 of these phones and every battery expanded within one month with seven different people using them.  I have had to order new batteries for each one. Which I order two for each just in case it happens again.  These phones were all gifts.

the product that was purchased especificanmente MB865 model this for the bands and methods of work of the operators of my country, the seller sent the ME865 model which came in Chinese and there are certain applications that you can not change the language on the other aside for this model received and not bought the phone does not connect to any 3G network operators in my country, the phone is quite comfortable easy to handle, but I can not use 100% of their performance, they should be very careful this item is not offered because they are sending, I consider this a bad buy

Good sound system,Good functionality,Good camera clarity,The touchscreen is not as good as Samsung or iPhone but it is okay;

Great phone. Good intuitive interface.  Nice resolution.  Good brower.  Has all the bells and whistles.  Showed up two days early.

It has almost all the same features than the iPhone 5 for 1/4 of the cost.The most of all that the poor Apple product doesn't have is the Lapdock!

I owned a HTC Sensation before by the Atrix2. I did my research and was a bit skeptical to make the switch. However, after purchasing the Atrix2 and comparing to smart phone,the Atrix2 wins outright! I personally rate Motorola for building this phone.I'd encourage anyone to purchase the Motorola Atrix2 4G!

Love the Atrix 2 so much i just bought another one for a backup. I have had the original Atrix and ugraded to the Atrix 2 three years ago, wrapped it in an otterbox defender and its been great every since. a common myth is that the Atrix 2 cannot be used with the lapdock, When in fact it works great with the lapdock all that is needed is the micro usb and hdmi cord extenders. Overall great phone would recommend to closest friend

Very nice phone with a excellent camera. Very comfortable to carry, not too heavy. It's my first time using a Motorola Atrix 2 but I loved it.

this phone has an amazing procesor, screen and it feels so steady, excellent for playing and do your normal stuff 100% recomended

I love this phone, it is best so ever.I had a Htc Incredible S and since the day I got it it caused me trouble, first start to get hot , then it died on me, after company refurbished this , it was good for 2 months and sudenly starts to burn my data without I use them. On one day without I touch my phone it ate 5 Gig of my data and still I am fighting with service provider to prove I didn't use it at all and not willing to pay $300.00 bill for the service that not only I haven't even was able to make a phone call but also to didn't use data at all.

Its the worse signal  cell reception I ever have.  In my house the signal going on and off, its not worth for the money I payed!!!!

The phone is amazing and is full unlocked i from venezuela and work great with movistar, The people of divice now are great guys and for my personal opinion a serious sellers. I really happy with the phone

This Machine is a True value for money.I am using in scince kast 6 month and i never let me down.Cost wise, Look wise , and performance wise its Best any one can get in 200$.I gave 1 Star less cause.. MOTOROLA.. donot put effort to Show his product effectively soPeople think MOTOROLA is outdated.2nd Camera is not so Good.

This phone valuable every penny on the dollar, buy it for 86 dollars, the delivery was delayed a little, buy it as used and came almost entirely new to you could remove the plastic screen is the best you can find in that price

I love this phone only issue i had was when i got it it was all in chinese so i had to figure out how to switch it ....did not state in product description it is loaded with a asian rom

Purchased as a gift for my son. He is very pleased with the phone. I can't give further information, as he is using the phone, but he reports no problems. Shipped promptly.

I'm a very tough critic when it comes to anything related to technology.  I had yet to come across a phone that could keep up with my pace on how I use my phones, that is until I met the Android Motorola Atrix & Atrix 2.  I've had the fortunate luck of being able to use both phones and have been pleased with the performance levels and durability of both.  The battery life goes pretty quickly with heavy use, but that is to be expected since you are pretty much working the Dual Core processor it has and the phone does really well at keeping up with extreme use (texting, emailing, checking in, web use, downloading, uploading, camera usage, video camera usage, etc.)  The multi tasking ability on the phone is fantastic and display is crystal clear.Highly recommended for any of you tech geeks out there or the average tech user who likes fast & fun electronic toys.

This phone is extremely great. Automatically actualize my Contacts and Calendar list from Gmail. So many applications are available to improve your personal phone performance, but I get crazy searching from so many options which could be simplified in specific grouped packages. I'm still searching were upgrade to the 4.0 Android, with the view that are already included requested APPs.

The shipment was awesome, I was paid 2 days shipment but I received  the nest day. I charged the phone to 100% and insert my sim card, everything seems fine, downloaded some apps with 3hrs the battery was gone. I recharged it and deleted most of the apps and it could not go pass 5hrs with only phone call and text message. I call the seller, they said they don't have the battery in stock and gave me a link where I can get it for 6 dollars, before I could order the battery the phone lost service. I have straight talk and have never lost service before, my wife have the same and she has service, it took 3hrs for the service came back, so i decided not to keep it. I think MS865 is Asian version, while MB865 is US version.

very good phone, at a very good price, i really liked this model of motorola buy, i hope to continue to improve

Just got this phone and I love it!!! when i bought the phone it said unlocked, well yes, only for GSM networks. I bought a net10 stand alone sim, straight talk would work too, same company basically. The phone is unlocked but still at&t; branded all the way. Alot of negative feedbacks are coming from people thinking that the phone is rooted. I did this too. Not really the same thing. first i downloaded and installed apn backup and restore on the phone from google play store. free.this let me delete all the locked at&t; preset apn's. these would semi work for the net10 sim but not for mms. so i deleted the presets and made a new apn and put in net10 settings and all worked. nice. next thing i wanted was to root the phone for tethering purposes. i dont get into overclocking, or messing around with the operating system files. i just wanted to be able to install and run a tethering app. but you have to be really careful using this, cause too much data useage and you will get flagged and maybe cut off entirely. keep the data low. for me its under 2gigs a month. the tethering built into the phone will not let you because at&t; won't allow it. in order for your 3rd party tethering app to work your phone has to be rooted. i looked it up and did this. there is software called 2.3.6root. this is the os that came on the phone. so this is what worked for me. i just googled it. it was easy to use. but keep in mind very dangerous too. can cause a bricked phone. so you have been warned. you dont need a rooted phone. but if you are haveing mms problems you need to install the apn backup and restore app. its pretty much safe. the phone is awesome.

T-Mobile is my service provider, US. The phone required unlocking which, can be done through a Google search of service providers. It cost $20. and a few hrs of time. The internet search is relatively fast, phone reception is strong, a few extra steps for making calls. Camera is okay...

I have SEVERAL "dead spots" on the screen of my phone despite being quite cautious and never dropping it.  It's very frustrating to have to turn it every which way in order to type text messages.  It was just past the warranty (of course) and Motorola doesn't seem to want to stand behind their product.  Needless to say, I won't be buying from them again.

I live in Central America, I order this phone through an Internet shopping local store,What I like:+It's a branded AT&T; device but it's unlocked and fully operational.+It came with ICS 4.0.4 preinstall,+all AT&T; apps are uninstallable without the need of rooting the phone.What's missing:-Picture quality is poor compared with other similar devices.-Battery Life is short.-Locked bootloader (only a bad thing if you're into using custom roms, you can unlocked it through software if you want)So far so great, a few crashes in some apps but that's maybe the app developer fault, I previously owned a Samsung Galaxy S2 device, but it died because of a software bug in the ICS 4.0.4 roms,  and before that it was a nightmare of bugs.... so no more Samsung for me, with this device Motorola have become my Number 1 Android manufacturer.

I love this phone it's very fast I have owned it for aroun 8 months now and havent had any problems out of it. I bought the otterbox defender series for it which is very nice. The phone itself is slim but the screen is big which I like it and it gets great service. The internet is fast due to the dual core proccesor all in all I would recomend this phone to anyone.

the first day i got this phone i worked fine but the on the second day the phone would not charge then i found out that they had gave me a bad batery with the phone then the phone started to spaz out of control i would not recommend this phone to any one.

Best phone i had so far, a few technicality's in the begining, which i needed help with, i call H2O and got the phone configured,. Otherwise its fast surfing the web, good screen size, i especially like the phone plan H20 great for calling overseas free to call land line numbers. I love it.

Great product. Vendor sent email three days after payment to confirm that I ordered an unlocked phone.  This should have been confirmed the same or next day.  I made sure "unlocked" meant that I could insert my AT&T SIM and the phone would work.  Phone arrived 10 days later. Sim worked fine, phone was in perfect condition.  All is good.

i gave the make, model, part number to Consumer Cellular to see if it would work with their wireless internet before I bought it. They assured me that it would. It doesn't. They lied. So I'm stuck with it. As for the phone itself, it is a nice Phone. It works well with wi-fi and is easy to use. No complaints about the phone.

Is really what you might expect from the hardware specs (dual core , 1MB RAM, HSPA+,...), I do not stop wondering such computing power on your hands just shows one more time Moore's law in action.The phone is really responsive and delivers fast data connectivity, I confirm good mobile network download speed with Movistar Colombia, usually over 2M but at least 1M, upload around 500K.Display is great, even under sunlight.Sound quality, excellentUser interface , intuitive.Areas of improvement:1. Still pictures, specifically under low light conditions, but is enough for  on the road pictures and videos (Full HD videos and 8MB camera by the way)2. Battery (1735mAh) is good, but could be exhausted by end of the day if  used  extensively,  this depend on usage profile.3. Accessories, should include a micro HDMI cable ( OrderMotorola Standard HDMI Cable for Motorola DROID X, ATRIX 4G, and XOOM). The box contains the phone with a 2GB micro SDHC card already inserted, USB wall charger and a micro USB cable (for wall charger and to a computer connection/charge as well).Still need to test display over full HD screen, will update later on this and  many other features/functions.In summary: Is a excellent deal, price wise I found the best option  and definitely I have not regretted at all, the complete opposite.

Super nice phone for the price ! It has fast internet and quality camera.Also screen is super bright and clear.If you want something reliable with Android and for a good price this is THE phone !

I bought this phone because I had hear plenty of nice things of the first Atrix, I was needing a phone asap, and didn't want to spend that much, but either buy something too bad. Now I find myself quite disappointed.The phone crashes and freezes all the time. Google Maps is unusable because any time i look for something either takes too much time or crashes over and over. After owning an Iphone 3GS and a Samsung Galaxy S2, this is quite a let down. I didn't expect a better phone than the Galaxy S2, but certainly not one so much worse.Plenty of times I am writing a text message and the keyboard crashes, I can't recall how many times I have seen different crashing messages on this phone.I thought maybe the OS was outdated, but it doesn't have any updates available.In the good side i really like how it works to connect the phone to the TV through the HDMI wire. I think in this version of the phone it works better than in the older one.Besides I have a hard time finding accessories on stores. You can get them on Amazon, but if you need something real quick, you may not finding anything. Like I had to settle with a very awful skin, I walked through a huge mall, plenty of different shops, none had any case, skin or anything for Atrix 2. In the end I found one that was horrid, quite overpriced, but I have forgotten to buy one here and I wanted to protect the phone so I got it.I am surprised that there are so many good reviews for the Atrix 2. Although, the problem might be with the latest version of the OS.I really hope that it is, so when I finally get a new update it will work better.

i feet ver y nice to my motorola mb 865, i recommend this product to any one has same cellphone

I wanted to pass this along that this company did refund me the whole amount and it is not the companies fault but the courier that list the productThank you for working with me throughout this process

the travel charger delivered with the smartphone is not very good, but the smartphone is really wordwide unlocked and work well

very good,i like it, it's very fast,  good, the screen is good, i think i will use this phone for a long time

Perfect gift at Perfect time exactly as I wanted, thanx Amazon. Will always use for many years..... Everything for everyone at amazon only.

El producto anduvo como esperaba, un lujo. Deber&iacute;a venir con el cargador para autos y el cable hdmi, por eso 4 estrellas y no 5.

I got it slide the GSM chip an started workingKeep in mind that I live in Ecuador and didnt have to get an unlock code

That is an amaizing device and for a low price, it have great camera and really fast, i recomend it

First of all, the pone was supposed to be unlocked. The description says so, the invoice said so but when I turn the pone on with my SIM in it, surprise, surprise, it is requesting a network unlock code!Bought the phone for my mother as she owns a feature phone and I want her to have a Smartphone, not a flagship, just an average midrange phone.Phone Works OK, Battery life is not that great but is OK.I have seen an issue and not sure if it's software related or what could be the cause: whenever I plug in the headphones (and sometimes the charger) in, the phone starts doing stuff (like opening apps by itself and when I try to launch one App it opens another and stuff like that). As son as I disconnect the earphones/charger it goes back to normal. Strangely, when I charge the phone with the computer, it does not do any of this, it Works fine. So I will use another set of charger/earphones.It runs ICS and runs it smoothly.Now I have to wait for an unlock code so I can give the pone to my mother.

This is a fantastic phone and you just cannot beat it for the money. I got the computer interface (11 inch screen) with this and in 10 minutes had made the adjustments to accept the Atrix 2. The system as a whole is somewhat slow, but very nice and easy to use. The phone itself is just the right size and the screen is a perfect 4.3 inches. The phone is not so small that it it unusable, but is not too big that it feels like I am using a tablet. The phone has decent battery length and is easy enough to get spare batteries and other parts through Amazon. For those worried about not getting Android 4.0, it updates to ICS automatically and is as up to date as most cell phones on the market. Over-all, I am perfectly happy with this purchase and think this phone and the accessories available for it make it a tremendous buy!!

great phone. this phone is in the world very great phone. only one problem is that battery have not good.

Brilliant smart phone with great features.Blazingly fast network connectivity.It has a great fast dual core processor which makes it really fast.

I am using this smart phone on docomo network in japan.This phone is not sold in japan, so I have never seen the person using this phone expect me.Almost good, but battery capacity is poor.I must take chrger during day time.

When you buy this phone, you need to check the language first.Language was Chinese when I turned it on first time.I learned some Chinese character so I could change the language to English.Except this matter, like it so far....
