
I got this phone about a month ago after a problem with my previous phones battery life. I.honestly wish I had kept the other phone.For starters, the memory on this phone is super messed up. I only have ONE App downloaded, a memory booster app thats less than 1MB, and Apparently that used up all of my memory. Most of the time, I cant even go to the Internet, my messages, Photos, email, or cantacts because of my apparent "insuffecent storage". Even as Im sitting here typing this, I keep getting a message at the top of My screen that says "storage almost full". Rediculous.Also, everything forces close. Facebook, Google search, EVERYTHING.The only good things I can say about this phone are, the design. Its a really Nice looking phone. And the camera (when it doesnt force close and I have the memory for it) is really good, as well as the flash.The crazy thing is, the guy at radio shack warned me about this. He said that they were about to stop selling this phone because of all the people returning them. I really wish I had listened to him.Do not buy this piece of junk. If you do, I gurantee you will regret it.

iv gotten this used item in a white box and inside the phone was physically flawless. the touch on the lock screen didn't activated until after 10 seconds of the screen lighting up which pissed me off. normally id stop there and send it back to sender wanting a refund but i gave it a benefit of the doubt hoping that's just some long scripted application (which it turns out it wasn't) oh and that's not even the bad part. the bad part was activating the phone. i spent about this past 4 days trying to get it to activate. i think i learned the names of 9 different virgin mobile employees by heart. but anyways i was activating my phone online using the MEID behind the battery of the phone. it was going good i thought since i saw a loading screen then i clicked okay and i saw my phone on my account settings. then i went to the phone to activate the phone with the app that was included with the phone (labeled activate) and it'll say connecting to network 1...2...3. it gets to 3 and it gives me a error code. so i called virgin mobile thinking i can solve this in two seconds. i tell you i went through every possible solution with this phone. i had a account reset, a signal reset, a phone hard rest, and the ## (pound pound)reprogram activation. i was told by this merchant that if i wanted it to work id have to get the phone on the number it came with. so basically id have to find the number of the phone OR get a new contract to turn on the phone so that it can work with the preset number. after all that i ended up with my old phone that works instantly when activated...i guess the only good i got from this HTC wildfire was noticing "if it aint broke don't (replace) it" because otherwise you'll be finding someone else's used headache (even if it is refurbished)

Do not buy this garbage! Slow as molasses and almost no internal memory but full with Virgin apps that are useless. I have one (1) app of my own installed and Hotmail and I am already running out of memory. I have 7 updates waiting since months that cannot be installed because of no memory. Don't even try to move anything to the "external" card it's not working and you cannot uninstall the garbage apps Virgin loaded this phone full. This is an absolute disgrace and they should be ashamed. I guess that's the reason why you cannot buy it on the Virgin Mobile website anymore.

We bought this phone for our son, he likes it alot, it's small, lightweight, works well, takes nice pictures, it's a good fit  for our son!

Had to reset the phone 3times since I purchased this phone hvnt downloaded any apps because the internal memory keeps saying its full goin back to my LG Optimus V phone....

It seems like a great deal with a lot of smartphone commodities in one package, but in fact, it tries to do too much.With its in built memory, it can hardly handle its own facebook app or google maps. The message "you are low on internal memory" (even with an 8gb sd card) pops up and prevents me from simply opening or updating the apps I got this smartphone to use.Avoid. It works slightly subpar for reading emails and websurfing. Phone calling, texting, and camera are great.

Worked with my Virgin service just fine.Charges up quick and battery lasts allot longer than larger Android phones.Great Buy!

I have to say that when I heard this phone was a good entry level for Android products I assume that it was being compared to the top tier of phones. However I did not realize that it was being compared to a hunk of plastic. This phone can make calls and text messages but really nothing else. I didn't expect to use the phone for very many APs but I thought I would be able to use it for more than 2. The problem with this phone is its lack of internal memory. I was constantly having my memory filled by automatic updates.if you're buying this phone for someone who doesn't use a lot of technology and you think it'll be enough for them it won't be. There are better in trouble phones in this for a similar price go for 1 of those.if you're thinking about doing this for Grandma don't She'll be just as frustrated as I was.

I bought this as a temporary substitute for my Blackberry.  Aside from a ton of apps, it is basically just a phone.  There is not enough internal memory to do much of anything.  You can unlock and root, however, for the layman, just spend the money on something with more internal memory, but you will void your warranty.  This phone is basically junk.  I runs the latest Android OS, however, useless without sufficient internal memory.  Shame on you Virgin Mobile and HTC for put out such crap.  I do not reccomend anyone purchase this phone.

its a nice phone, but its very small and hard to text on if you have big hands, also it dies quick which sucks. but its simple to use.

I gave this phone three stars, because the keys are so small.  I prefer a phone I can actually enter data on using the pads of my fngers, instead of having to use just the sides of my fingers (I am a woman with average size fingernails) when typing text on the phone.  Other than that it is a pretty little phone and worth the money spent.  However, I do plan on purchasing a stylus, otherwise it is a completely frustrating experience.  I have no idea how a male with bigger fingers could use it effectively without a stylus.  If you have the money, get a cell phone with more features and ease of use.  If you are on a budget, its a nice little cell phone.

I drop you.On accident.On purpose. Like some reckless fourteen year old mother in some PSA about the importance of delaying motherhood.A PSA I'm pretty sure that was never really made but I made up just now to drive home this simile.Of how much I hate you.I never wanted you.You were the phone I bought because it was my birthday and the Cardinals won Game 6 of the World Series and I had a play being produced and the cast sang me happy birthday during the curtain call and so I was so happy I got really drunk and left my Blackberry Curve in the cab.How I loved that Blackberry Curve.I bought it five replacement batteries.But to replace it was 185 dollars.And you were 150 dollars.And then on Black Friday I walked into Radio Shack to see that you'd been discounted and they gave me fifty bucks back.It seemed like it might be okay between us.You are hot to the touch. Feverish. You feel like the tipping point of something that might explode.When you get too hot you turn off. In the middle of the night. With my wake-me-up-for-work alarm smothered forever inside of you.I hate you.Your tiny internal memory is quickly smothered by Android applications. At which point you stop accepting new email. Your apps can't move to an external hard drive.You are a developmentally disabled smartphone.I suspect you vaguely understand how much you suck.You come equipped with a dozen non-removable HTC applications, none of which have any value to me, all of which suck up valuable, non-negotiable real estate in your tiny (200mb) mind.Sometimes I wish I could book a flight to that factory in China where you were made and yell at the workers in the sweat shop that they are responsible for my unhappiness.Though I realize that would probably be misappropriated rage.I tried to replace you.I spent a 150 dollars on a new phone. It was beautiful. I was free of you. I used you as a clock in my apartment- a grim trophy of a troubled but passed time.The LG Optimus Elite had a functional video player, a usable music player, 1gb of internal memory, and apps that could be transferred to an external SD card.It felt warm. Like a mother's love.It fit snugly in my pocket. Until it fell out in a cab.The LG Optimus Elite was so great that I could actually upload an app to the phone even when it was not in my possession. And for a whole day, I could see where my phone was in a nasty section of Queens. To ten feet, I could track my phone. And thanks to google maps street view, I could see that the street looked really scary. And that even though I could probably take the train to that street and leave a note on the car that contained my phone, I feared for my life.I am a coward. Perhaps I deserve you, o demi-phone. You stuttering, stammering, touch-screen-that-hates-to-be-touched idiot phone.I transferred my service back to the HTC Wildfire S. I tried to root the phone. To hack it. To make it somehow move past its horrendous limitations.And I grew scared. Frustrated. I felt as stupid as the phone I was trying to fix.So now, I have become resigned to carrying you around and apologizing for the pocket dialing. Apologizing for the missed calls. The missed emails. The lack of cell service in my own apartment.You, HTC Wildfire S are a monkey's paw. An albatross that reminds me that I can't have nice things.So I bear you as bravely as I can.But I do drop you.On accident.On purpose.

I Love this phone I can do everything & the tiny size lets it fit everywhere. I just got this for my Husband I know he will love it just like me, especially how he uses his phones for a whole lot less then I do.

Got this phone on "Black Friday" special and was happy to replace my IPhone and my expensive AT&T; plan.  Was pretty ok at first, battery life about average, I still have to charge it every day, like my Iphone, it's smaller and lighter than my IPhone, and of course the plan is much cheaper. Reception was pretty good compared to AT&T;, I was very leery of the SprintPCS network. At the time the most annoying thing with the phone was the constant "memory low" warnings, and the inability to move anything over to the SD card, cannot delete the useless pre-loaded apps that use up all my space.  (Ok so I recently found out I can root my phone and delete these useless apps, but quite frankly, I just dont think I should have to jailbreak a phone just to delete apps that I don't want or use.)  So, with the memory problems, I can deal with that..  It's annoying, but not enough for me to want to throw my phone up against the wall, or conveniently leave it outside while its storming outside.7 months later, it's a different story.  The constant low memory warnings is now super annoying.  I have barely any apps on my phone now because of it, the LCD display is mostly unresponsive, it works when it "wants" to, which is hardly ever.  I've used the calibration tool, and I downloaded a touchscreen booster app (which I've now had to delete to "conserve memory")....  I've factory reset my phone (losing all my contacts, downloaded apps, and settings) just to get the lcd display to actually respond.  My reception in buildings is dismal.  I can't even walk into a Kroger anymore and get reception.  The "so called speaker phone" is pretty useless as well.  I was really excited about a 5 megapixel camera, and it takes great pictures if you can get around the delay in the shutter speed, and pray that your photo subject hasn't moved.  and why cant you shut OFF the flash?  That's ridiculous....I do not recommend this one to anyone who wants to use this phone long term. Save your money for something better.

Phone works great but very low internal memory. The factory has so many apps installed on the phone that when you get It the memory is already full. It will freeze up occasionally as well. You will have to constantly empty your system cache just to use some apps of play music because they won't work with low memory. Good phone but annoying.

This is a pretty good phone, I would really check out whats out there these days. The bat life is as bad as a 3GS Apple phone and that is why I was getting away from those...But it works great in all other ways..

The phone has terrible internal memory at around 144mb.  My phone has 1 app on it and I continually have "low memory" problems that force me to delete my caches.The battery life has also gone down significantly since I've purchase it and that was only about 3 months ago.

I purchased this phone on Black Friday so I have had about three months with this phone. Overall it is an attractive phone with a good amount to offer, but it has one glaring issue that may be a deal breaker for most.PRO: Good screen, bright and clear, detailed and good colors. Small games play nicely (15MB or below). Responsive screen, Android 2.2 OS is great. Youtube play crisp.... Good WiFi, okay 3G...CON: 3G can drop in and out even in city leading to your app sticking if internet based (primarily Dallas city area use)*When 3G signal is solid, it works well* ... Apps download size larger than on Market... Battery, Memory, User Apps authorityBIGGEST CON: Internal Memory - Internal Memory is the memory on the phone where ALL your data is stored. All of your SMS, APPs, call history, etc. is stored there. So it's pretty important to choose a size that will fit your needs. This phone has 150MB total internal Memory... That's all... Most smartphones have at least 2GB as a norm. Plus in order to download or update anything, the phone requires 25MB to be free, limiting usable memory to 125MB... If you only use VERY few apps and don't play any complex games like Angry Birds or fruit ninja, then you may be okay.> Take also from that that preloaded apps cannot be removed or moved to SD and there isn't much space available (a bit over half but it fluctuates)... Many preloaded apps update regularly increasing their size... and some are pointless, (like Mail, weak when compared to Gmail and Yahoo apps)...>>> Memory fluctuates -- It will say low memory, then you'll go into manage apps and it will show 25MB free... so you go and download something, it'll say no memory, and this time will show 2MB free.... It's very unpredictable... I've searched internet and appears to be issue with the phone itself...&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; And Yes, there is a MicroSD slot, BUT, none of the preloaded apps can be moved to the SD card and the majority of Market apps won't let you move them to the SD card... It's really a toss up and a pain to a) find and app... then b) download it & see if it is moveable to the SD card... Even if the Market says the app is moveable, it doesn't mean you will on this phone as I found out.***********OVERALL**************Now the above issue aside, this phone is great, it's a good size, the sleek light-weight design is fantastic, good call quality, good OS and pretty good processing... So if apps aren't your thing, or you just use a couple, then this phone would probably be a five-star in your book... But if you are wanting to use a smartphone to it's fullest, almost all other smart phones (even the new virgin mobile addition Moto Triumph has 2GB) have at least 2GB which is probably the lowest you should go********************************&lt;following are my installed apps and memory, this is the only combo i could work out, (having to clear Data regularly)... The phone fluctuates from stating 15MB free to 250k free... Notice the largest downloaded app is 8.5, if you want an app like angry birds, or if you use facebook a lot, you will have to get less overall apps:--------------------------------------Pre-loaded: Maps (10.1MB) Books (4.1MB-6MB - updates), Clock (2.6), Mail (6.4 - w/ no accounts, grows exponentially with accounts), Gmail (4.8) FB (2) Twitter (2), Where (1.5) Google (1.2) Weather (1.2) YouTube (.5) VirginLive (.4)-------------------------------------Downloaded Apps* (With all possible on SD): Words/Friends (8.5MB) Dolphin Browser HD (8.4) Yahoo Msgr (4.6) ChaseBank (2.6) Antivirus (2.4) IMDB (1.7) Live Holdem (1.6) Chess (.7) Sudoku (.6) Jewels Deluxe (.4) Advd Task-Killer (.4) WikiPedia (.2) Solitaire (.2)>> Then there's the OS & Various Framework (40MB+) - across contacts, HTC sense, framework etc)

It would have been nice if this phone had more than 150Mb of internal memory. Not every app can be transferred to an SD card, so eventually (very quickly) it becomes full. You need a good 20Mb or so to unpack a new app, also, so the actual internal memory is even less.The screen is bright and clear and the generic phone functions, calls, text etc. are all fine. Its small, perhaps a bit too small for a guy. But an ideal size for a lady's purse, methinks.If you want a simple phone for little more than calls, text and the odd app then there's nothing wrong with it.If you want something a little more demanding, think again. When you hit the memory wall, you'll start to hate it.

The phone was fine but wasn't worth the trouble the stupid people that sent it placed the labels wrong it took forever to get here they mailed it to there self!!

After getting out of several 2yr contracts ,I wanted to save money and go with a pay as you go phone. After researching for several months I decided to go with Virgin Mobile, best plans and best smart phones for a no contract phone. I first bought the Motorola Triumph. Since it was the highest priced I thought it would be the best, I liked it but couldnt hear during phone calls,also the person on the other end would say I sounded like I was in a hole. so for $279 and couldnt hear phone callers I took it back. I saw the HTC Wildfire s and it had everything I wanted on a phone. I am very happy with it and should have given it 5 stars, but it is a little on the small side, would have liked it an inch or two larger on the scree,. as for the other person saying it didnt hold much memory ,no it doesnt but it comes with a 2g SDcard. Thats right comes with it. so that solves the memory problem. Guess he didnt read the box. I love this little phone and I have owned the iphones so I know good phones.

terrible internal memory and very fragile screen broke in 9 days but decent phone for the price overall a pretty good phone

When I first received this phone it seemed like a great buy, not too much money for what I was getting. About a week after I activated it I found that I was always running out of memory. At first I had to go in and clear the caches of all programs about once a week, that has steadily increased to once every three of four hours, depending on how often I use my phone (I've had the phone for about 6 months). I also have to periodically go in and uninstall updates on programs I do not use in order to have enough memory to text a friend.  The only apps I have downloaded (Google Sky Map and Pandora) both went straight to the SD card and should not have any bearing on phone space. In addition to the memory issues, I noticed about a month ago that when I used the phone while it was charging I felt like my ear was being shocked. I read somewhere (if I remember where I will come back and cite it) that using your phone while charging was dangerous so I stopped using it while charging. However, in the past week I have noticed that my ear and jaw bone hurt quite a bit if I am on the phone for longer than a minute at a time. I rarely use my phone to make actual phone calls so I may not have noticed if this was happening before, but I am in the processes of straightening out student loans and have been on the phone a lot lately. I will be purchasing a new phone this week (will not be an HTC!)and report these issue to Virgin Mobile. I really hope these issues are just with this specific phone, but from scanning the other reviews, it does not look that way.

The only way I could hate this phone more would be if it stopped working all together.  I currently have NO apps installed and somehow don't have the memory available to do the system upgrade.  Many times it tells me my storage is too low to take pictures or even view pictures. The battery drains about three times a day.  I leave it plugged in whenever possible.  The predictive text is absurd - it's constantly "predicting" words that don't make any sense.  I have to be sure to reread everything before I post or send so as not to send something ridiculous.  This is my first android phone and first touch screen.  I know it will be nearly impossible to find a phone that's not touch screen anymore but I don't care for that feature at all.  I had various versions of the Tmobile Sidekick before this phone and never had a complaint.  We switched to Virgin Mobile to save money when our baby was born.  I am currently paying 1/3 of what I was paying with Tmobile for the same features, so I can't complain about the cost.  But we paid extra for this phone because it was supposed to be top of the line.  I am constantly frustrated with this phone and it's features.  I absolutely would not recommend it.  I'm sure for the cost you could find a better device.

i bought this phone for my 15 year old son and he loves it no complaints here ..it has flash and is loaded with cool features its a great starter android

I bought and had this phone a few years back, back when virgin mobile first came out it with it. What happened is I bought the Motorola triumph and decided that I could use the money I bought that phone for, for something else so I took that phone back and bought this one instead &#34;at the time next best thing&#34; well after a month or so I somehow locked myself out of the phone so had to hard reset it and everything was good. I had a 16gig SD card in for extra memory. Well after about two or three months after I bought this phone it started to freeze and shut off when ever it felt like it and did it own thing. Then it started with the &#34; low memory bs&#34; I did everything from deleting apps and such. Well I got tired of it and through the phone at the wall and broke the screen then took a hammer to it. So the phone was a POS. I hated it and hated HTC always have and always will.  Needless to say after I broke it I went and spent 350 bucks again and bought the Motorola triumph again and kept that phone ( by the way the best android phone ever!!!!) until I got the iPhone 4.This phone might be better now then it was I don't know but from that I remembered it was a crappy phone. Would be good for the first smartphone for a kid.

Not enough memory. Was only able to download 3 apps. The battery life is terrible. Not worth the price I paid. Htc ripoff!

Don't waist your time buying this phone. I got it for a few months now and it's the worst phone I ever had.Virgin's service is great. can't complain on that. but HTC should make it this phone with more space.I'm at the point that my phone only have contacts and the phone still saying that the internal memory is full.just don't waist your money. I'm changing my phone

I rated this product a 4 because everything is awesome on this besides memory I could get more apps on my old Lg Optimus V. But I mainly use my phone for txt and web. The camera is 5.0 so usually I put all my pictures on my memory card take my card to Walmart and print that way. My pictures look so professional. Also it doesn't support flash player. Some ppl say the keyboard is small just download a bigger keyboard from android market now known  as Google Play. OVERALL I LIKE THIS PHONE BETTER THAN THE OPTIMUS AND IT COMES IN SILVER AND WHITE FOR VIRGIN MOBILE..I GOT SILVER AND AM CURRENTLY WAITING ON MY CLEAR CASE THAT I ORDERED FROM AMAZON FOR  .33

I bought this phone 4 months ago and liked it initially.  But over those 4 months I have grown to like it less and less.This phone has a serious memory shortage.  Sure you can download Android apps.  But don't get more than 3 or 4 or your memory will be full.  There is so much bloatware that can't be moved to an SD card or removed unless you root the phone (something most non-techies wouldn't consider doing).  Then even if you only download 3 or 4 apps after a few days you'll start to get low memory warnings.  You can run the little procedure to correct the problem but within 12-24 hours it will show up again.  Eventually the apps will need to do an upgrade but won't be able to because of insufficient memory.  The fix is to uninstall previous updates for each app to free up memory  Then you can do the update for a specific app.  Then all the other apps will need to be updated again as well.  All of this will eliminate the low memory warnings for a few days, maybe a week at the outside.  After that the low memory warning will reappear and the process will start again.The other weak point is the battery.  Connecting through wi-fi and sending only  few text messages, NO phone calls, the battery would last for 10 to 12 hours.  Turn on Bluetooth and it drops below 8 hours.  Make a few phone calls and it drops even farther.  Sure there are apps for battery power management.  But remember this phone has ridiculously low memory capacity so you only get a very few apps.  Why should one of them have to be burned to support the poor design of the power system of phone?  An extended life battery helps some.  But still much use at all and the battery is toast in less than 10 hours.  I don't know about you but I don't want a cell phone that keeps me tied to charger cable.  I might as well use a land line.The final straw came when I was notified of a firmware upgrade.  Aha!  I thought - perhaps this will address the memory or battery issues.  But I discovered in order to do the firmware install I was forced to uninstall all the apps I had installed and delete the updates on most of bloatware apps even before the firmware update had the space to install.  It is beyond comprehension that their bloatware should take up so much space that a firmware update can't be performed without all that rigamarole.  And of course after I completed the firmware update and reinstalled the few apps I could the low memory warning again reappeared.This phone would be fine if you use it to play games, and make one or two brief phone calls a day.  But as a serious cell phone this is sadly lacking.

I had read several reviews about the phone previously from buying it. I knew there was limited space and the battery didn't last as long. I knew I what I was getting into. It was my first smart phone so I didn't mind the little things. It is annoying that I have to clear my catches constantly when there's not enough space for me to view my photos or send a text message. It comes with too many apps built in that I don't even use! About half of the phone's memory already comes taken up by these apps. You can use an SD card but many apps can't be transferred to the card's memory and only stay in the phone's memory. Because of this I have very few apps. What bugs me the most is that the software won't go past v2.3.4. A lot of new apps are only compatible with 4 and up. I've only had it for 2 years and it's already obsolete. Also, it freezes a lot. Sometimes I press the unlock button but the screen won't light up. I end up pressing the button so much that it automatically restarts. However, it has great durability. In the 2 years I've had it I've dropped it many times and it only has a couple of dents and have yet to crack the screen. My brother got an HTC One and cracked the screen on the first drop.So it's a great buy if all you want is a phone and not looking for many apps past social media. But if you want a lot of apps, skip this.

I was so excited when I got this phone 14 months ago.  When I became a SAHM 9 years ago, I surrendered my phone contract for a tracphone.I decided to graduate from my tracphone and enter the modern world of apps and texting.  This phone was the new hot thing for virgin mobile at the time and I paid around $150 for it.  What a waste. I do not use it much, and couldn't if I wanted to. This phone will no longer charge on the first attempt.  I have to check on it every so often to make sure it is charging.  Sometimes trying to charge it will somehow suck all the power out of it and reduce a half charge to a zero one.  At random times throughout the day and night, it will decide whether it wants to stay on, or not. It sometimes will send texts up to a week after they were sent.  No apps can be down loaded because it doesn't have enough memory to allow a download.  Since nothing can be downloaded, the sd memory card is a complete waste because you can't get anything to move to it.  The phone uses most of its memory to store the apps someone else decided I might want, and they can not get deleted.  This phone has shocked me in my ear when talking and scorched me in the leg when it was simply resting in my pocket.  I have to clear data every few hours from these predetermined apps in order for the phone to function.  When I owned the phone for about a month, I began to have trouble accessing the web.  A tech for HTC told me to do the following:  I had to start putting it into airplane mode for one minute, then turning off the phone and waiting 30 seconds before turning it on again, removing the airplane mode and restarting and resigning in to my wifi in order to access the Internet.  If this failed, remove battery and follow all previous steps.  The touch screen has always been temperamental.  A few times I even had to remove the battery in order to end a call because the screen was not reponding.  The only benefit to owning this expensive piece of worthlessness is now the iphone is available and has gone down enough in price to warrant an upgrade.  After all, if $150 barely got me to 13 months, then $349 for 2+  years is an ok deal!

I have had 3 of the same exact phone! All in about a month's time. I absolutely hate this phone and would not recommend anyone buy it.

Gel covers are way better . I dropped my phone the screen protecter was so scratched up I just nKnew my phone was ruined. When I peeled off the cover my phone was just like new

This is a cool little phone, but I wish they would have given it more internal memory. The internal memory is not big enough to hold all the app updates. I only have 3 personal apps and the memory is full. Three stars for that!

Pros:- very compact, fits conveniently into your pocket and you might not even notice it's there- attractive designCons:- very underpowered - the CPU is just not fast enough to make this a usable smartphone. It occasionally chokes on the silliest GUI interactions, and you'll often find yourself waiting several seconds for a tap or a click to "register" with the GUI (and sometimes it never will)- internal memory is not nearly enough - 150 Mb of internal memory is just not enough. The phone comes loaded with tons of useless HTC apps that you cannot remove, so much of this 150 Mb is already taken when you buy the phone. You can buy an SD card for more external memory, but you can't install many (most?) apps on external memory.- buggy interface - there are tons of stupid little inconveniences, any one of which wouldn't be a big deal, but together mean that this phone simply is not ready for primetime.In summary this phone is simply not ready - it's a great start, but it needs to go back for a few more rounds of QC and debugging.

Absolutely the best value for the dollar.  Phone was received in like new condition with the protective plastic still on the screen!

I purchased this phone to replace another Virgin Mobile phone that was having problems with sound. After a week of using this phone, the internal memory was full. I dumped the cache and uninstalled many updates, but still kept running out of internal memory.  Eventually the phone started advising me to remove Apps- I only had installed four or five, and all but one had been saved to my SD card- I decided to go back to my old Virgin Mobile phone.  For the money I spent, I am so disappointed!

I was really hoping that I was getting a phone with more internal memory but other than that its a great phone!

Root the thing. Problems solved. Erase factory default apps, free WiFi tethering, overclock, as well as anything else. SuperUser is amazing.

This is a low end smartphone and has minimal features and include some very low end specs. With a 600 mega hertz processer, you get really slow results. The HVGA screen is really bad quality and the 3.2 inch touch screen is tiny. The phone is very thick and has a plastic cheap feel to it. The reason I am not giving it a one star rating and I am giving it a three star rating is because this phone is not bad for a no contract carrier and you really don't get too much out of a no contract carrier. That plus $35 a month including unlimited data, the phone is still worth something. Regardless, I returned the phone after a couple of weeks, but the Htc Evo V 4g from virgin mobile sounds like a good buy if you are looking for a no contract phone.

This phone is awful. There is no internal memory, and although it comes with an SD card, you can't move any of the preinstalled apps to it, and some apps yo download, like any weather app, you also can't move. I can't even update any of my apps because there's no memory, and I don't know how to root the phone like suggested, which not only can brick your phone if not done right, but it breaches your VM contract. It's also super slow loading anything, especially when trying to use the Internet.Save yourself time, money, energy, and a headache and just don't buy this phone.

The product works fine, I already had one HTC a few months ago. The thing with this one in particular is that it works on CDMA network and they don't mention that before you purchase it. So, if like me, you travel a lot then you won't be able to change the SIM card or unlock it to use it in other countries.

I love this phone it was however a little smaller than I thought it would be but I still love it a very nice phone I am still getting  used to it but im having fun with it. I am not experiencing any of the problems I read from others about the memory issues so it is an excellent phone.

This phone was a lot smaller than I thought it would be. The keyboard is ridiculously tiny, my finger is the size of 2 keys put together so typing is impossible. I dread having to type on it bc it takes me forever plus the word predict is annoying. It freezes. Ive lost count of how many times I touched an icon and it did nothing. It's very unresponsive. The only thing I CAN praise about this phone is the camera. It takes very clear pictures. Bottom line, I would not recommend this phone to anyone, and I'm currently trying to get rid of it. Biggest waste of money ever.Update: in the 3 months since I wrote this review I discovered one other major problem. It has no fricken memory! And I mean none. I have only 4 apps and it will not let me get anymore. Plus I have to clear cache no joke, 15 or more times a day just to do random things like look at the pictures in my gallery or listen to music, browse the Web, use apps, etc. I researched it and apparently this is an extremely common problem with this phone.

I got this phone for Christmas last year, and was excited to have my first touchscreen smartphone. However I now rue the day I ever received this phone.The internal memory is awful, and it comes with all these preloaded apps that are impossible to delete. It is constantly updating apps that I don't even want, using up even MORE data for those updates.And now, the internal clock is 5 hours ahead of normal because it's saying my current location is in Luanda, South Africa.I live in New York.Please do not buy this phone under any circumstances.

I wish I would have never ordered this phone. I have a hard time trying to charge it, and most of the time it doesnt want to.

A lot of this phone's reviews point out the relatively low memory available on the phone. You can "root" it and then that becomes a moot issue but for that a bit of technical know-how is needed. A middle-of-the-way solution is to download Android Assistant (from Google Play) and move the downloaded apps to the SD card as you download and install them. Note that you'll still not be able to move the preinstalled apps but you'll be able to install a lot more apps than without moving them to the SD card (although not as many as when "rooted").Now that we've got the memory part out of the way here's what I like about the phone:1. Size : Not long ago people were mocking the early cell phones for being brick-size. Lo and behold now we have cutting-board-size ones! The Wildfire S is just the right size to me (an average size guy) to make it non-intrusive yet functional.2. Performance : I use it mostly as a communication device (phone and some mail/internet/navigation). It will not be a speed daemon for games but for a casual game of Angry Birds or the like it's just fine. Somehow it feels a peppier than an LG Optimus Slider which has a faster processor (600Mhz vs 800Mhz).3. Music : Put in 32GB SD card and you'll have room for just about your whole music library. And the music player is quite well integrated with the lock screen so you can go to the previous/next song from without having to unlock the phone. The volume buttons work while the screen is locked and won't even turn on the screen for more battery life.4. It has a true FM radio : call me old-fashioned but I like being able to listen to local stations without having to stream them (not to mention the battery life benefits). Look for Spirit FM app on Google Play (there's a simple free version on XDA Developers as well as two paid versions).5. HTC Sense : the Android interface customization done by HTC is very neat and has a good set of widgets for time/news/weather/calendar/friends giving you easy access to the most important things.To recap, if you're an avid game player or video watcher then this phone is probably not for you. If instead you need a neat little communication device then you'll probably be pleasantly surprised.

And again this is the worse phone I have ever seen.I do not understand why they made a phone that u cannot add apps. on because there is NO ROOM. Do not waste your money !

Just upgraded from the Kyocera and I love this phone.  The Kyocera needed recharged pretty much every day so I can't be unhappy with the battery.  Where I live (Ohio) the network works pretty much all the time.  Just used the phone as a GPS to find a passport place and it never dropped the network.Remember, this isn't a $300+ phone.  It does have a lot of features but I personally am not into all that app stuff so I just use it for music, the internet and the camera (which is an awesome 5 MP).  I did upgrade to a 16GB sandisk so I have plenty of room for my media and I also got a silicone skin and screen protector.  I would suggest getting the skin for people who think it's too small because it fills it out.For people doubting this phone because of the three star rating just keep this in mind:  There are two 1-star ratings, four 2-star ratings and one 3-star rating.  Take those with a grain of salt.  There are bound to be defective units and if there are only 7 mediocre ratings for this phone after a year and a half on the market I would say that's pretty darn good.The people who are happy with this phone have no need to write a review.  Just thought I would write one to balance everything out.

I noticed the Wildfire has nice features but it's operation sucks! I bought mines brand new and it froze just trying to set the phone up. Also it delays a lot and complains about not having space way before I downloaded any apps! I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. It don't come with a camera button and it takes self pics which seems to always stall (camera button is on the touch screen which to my opinion is so inconvenient) Not a good gift or good buy at all, you'll just be wasting time and money....my galaxy prevail performed way better than this and had multiple apps on it. I hate this phone so much.

DO NOT BUY!!!!! Save yourself the money and frustration. This phone is terrible!!! It is not durable, it deletes your contacts 24/7 , you can download any apps, and its slow... This phone is junk!!!!!

The Wildfire S is one of the greatest phones for the best price out there. I agree with the low memory problem but since rooting it; it's the greatest phone ever.  Once you root it you have to create another partition on your SD Card as well.  You can do a google search for ways to root the phone.  I can't believe I used it for almost a year without rooting.  You can also uninstall all of the wasteful apps that come pre-installed on the phone.  Anyway, the best bang for you buck and even more.  Thanks,Eddie O

I am currently on my third one because they keep having to send me new ones before the 1yr warranty is up due to some weird glitch that keeps happening in each phone. The "glitch" that I am referring to prevents me from doing anything online and receiving picture or group messages. Then you have to waste a day on the phone talking to people trying to get it resolved. One positive is that I love the size of the phone and its pretty durable I have dropped it several time and never done any real damage.

My girlfriend and I are getting married, so in order to save money on our phone bills we decided to give virgin mobile a try. So I bought the HTC Wildfire S. I previously owned the Droid Incredible, it actually runs the same software (HTC Sense), which is very nice and easy to use. It obviously doesn't run as fast as my Incredible, but it hasn't really bothered me. Overall its a pretty nice phone, and I really enjoy being contract free. I do agree with some of the reviews saying it is a bit small, but its sleek and stylish look makes up for it. From my exp. HTC has some of the best phones on the market. I would highly suggest any HTC phone if you are looking for something new, no matter what carrier. Don't be like everyone else and dump your money into the black hole apple has created. Androids are so much better and cheaper. Hope this review helps!

This phone as alot of the other reviews touch on, has a very small internal memory which is very frustrating and anoying. I broke my oringal phone and was looking for a cheap replacement while I save up to get a much nicer phone, so for what I paid (60$ used) for this phone it will serve its purpose. And other than the small memory this phone works fine. So if you want to touch screen phone and aren't really an &#34;app person&#34; this sould work fine for you. If you play lots of games, facebook, twitter, youtube ect this is not the phone for you.

This is a good little phone, but it is not very durable. The charging port on this phone went bad very fast. I am told that it is a pretty typical HTC problem though.

This phone has the operating system of an outdated basic phone. The icons are extremely small. The phone itself is minute. An extreme disappointment to me and my husband who were both so excited about it.

I purchased this item when it was being sold brand new for 70.00 and I must say it has a very attractive appearance and a wonderfully unique user interface. The HTC Sense software makes Android more thrilling than usual. Very satisfied that item was at my door in three days. It is true that the internal memory is very low. Most apps that I like can be moved to sd card, so Im lucky. However, you wont be able to update the pre installed apps that come with the phone. You will be stuck with the old versions of Facebook, Gmail, YouTube, Google Play Books, etc. If you are fortunate enough to have the knowledge on how to root a phone you will be good to go though.

This phone is great. Compact and sturdy. Never had a problem with calls, although Facebook app was a little slow sometimes.

Not the best phone to have but it helped get through til i get a galaxy. 5 megapix but litte space for all my apps

its a pretty good looking phone and for the price yu pay each month even better........ but the internal memory is like 150 mb so it keeps worrning yu that yur storege is almost full and it gets annoying but its a good phone

Ive had this phone for about 4 months and I'm getting the new HTC One V next month. This phone is absolutely terrible. It's low internal memory and terrible battery life will frustrate the living hell out of you!! This phone was only built with 512MB of internal memory, and more then half of it is taken up by bloatware. After the software update, this phone only has about 130MB of Internal memory remaining. That's absokutely horrible. It told me I was low on memory and I only had one app. Battery is terrible, stand by time is terrible. I find myself charging It 3x a day from moderate usage, and 2x a day from normal usage. I hate having to carry my charger everywhere! Do not pay $90 for this piece of crap!!! This phone is also also very small, so unless you have the hand size of a 5 year old, its nearly Impossible to type on. no matter what keyboard you're using. It's also very slippery so its easy to drop. It is a very goof looking device though.This phone only has 2 MAJOR problems, but they're big ones!!!!!!Get the HTC One V!!! It's a lot better then this piece of crap and its only a few dollars more!Pros: good camera with flash, durable, responsive, awesome design,speakerCons: no internal memory, terrible battery life, outdated version of Android and HTC sense, too small, bad graphics, sometimes screen clicks in the wrong place, slow.

Its half the phone the LG Optimus is at twice the price. I like the feel of it but the hard-coded htc sense apps use up all of the available internal storage leaving almost nothing for your apps. My first htc, bought for my sons birthday, very disappointed in htc, can't believe they sell this junk.

If you're looking for a true "smartphone" (i.e. apps) then this is not the phone for you.  150 MB of internal memory is not enough for any true smartphone functionality.  Not only can we not run apps, we can't even update the operating system due to the lack of memory.  Just a complete pain.If all you want to do is make voice calls and texting, then this phone would be OK - but you can do these with cheaper non-smart phones.

all the available memory i had to use was 20mb out of 150mb, if you want to have apps don't buy

I switched from an LG Optimus to this phone. The LG was much faster and more flexible. I have been having nothing but problems with this phone. Main points: The HTC is very slow. Lots of delay with apps, calling, typing, etc. The internal storage is extremely low. I have a 32g sd card installed, but I can't even install apps I need because it only lets you use internal storage. If this was the case with LG as well (as it must be), it was NEVER a problem on that phone and I could always install whatever apps I needed. Also, the "push updates" don't work, and I have to manually check my email on the browser. Don't pick this phone, go with the LG phones.

The internal "512mb" memory is a misrepresentation of what you can actually use.  The 2gb external sd card doesn't really matter because not all apps can be stored in the sd memory, even ones you download yourself.  But, as for the internal memory, first of all, out of the box there is only 150mb set up for apps etc.  Secondly, of that 150mb, there is only 50mb available for you.  That 50mb has to hold all of your contacts, your settings, and any apps you download.  It goes away fast!  I downloaded only a couple apps, and it was full.  And when it is full, some apps don't work anymore.  It is SO frustrating!  For example, Gmail needs 25mb of memory to work.  If Gmail doesn't have that, it simply won't retrieve any more email.Overall, I like the phone, but the memory issue is such that I would not recommend it to anyone nor would I buy it again.

Nearly everything on this phone is above average, except for the battery life.  It is absolutely atrocious.  If you would like your phone to last an entire day, from 6AM to 11PM, with moderate usage, then DO NOT get this phone.  The battery life is so awful I'm doing something I never do: writing a review about a product to warn others against purchasing it.  If battery doesn't concern you much, then this is a pretty good phone.  It's nothing amazing, but it does everything well enough and powerful enough to play most games, including Fruit Ninja and Angry Birds Space.  Just don't expect the thing to last more than 4 or 5 hours if you ARE playing any one of those games.

i love this phone but only because i had it replaced. dont trust the person selling this. it was broken, and it was incredibly defective..luckily virgin mobile was amazing at replacing my phone but i lost about 2 weeks to the whole debacle.

Its a good  phone, but has very little internal memory, which makes it hard to install and run anything. And it won't move as much to the SD card as my new phone will. But if you don't use a lot of apps, its a great phone!

Bought for the wrong Phone Service. Wish i could have kept it and used it cause i loved it. adorable.

I owned the HTC Wildfire S for a while.The size was perfect and it was very sturdy but the battery was terrible. If I took the phone to work I would have to plug it in at least two times and even at that the battery would almost be depleted mid way through my commute home.

I bought the HTC Wildfire S from Radio Shack on their black Friday special.  I wish I hadn't.As a smartphone, this is a nice machine.  Runs apps well.  The available storage is anemic, but you knew that from the stats, right?Battery life is very good.Calls are clear.So why two stars and why do I have buyer's remorse?  Simply put, as a phone this thing stinks.  You have to unlock the screen to answer a call, but when you power it up, it is so unresponsive I almost never am able to answer a call before it rolls over to voicemail.  I'm not talking one missed swipe - more like 10.  Then, heaven help you if you have to enter numbers into an IVR system.  I have pressed buttons repeatedly to no response to try to answer voice prompts.  They fail.  And once you've entered 10 digits, it won't accept more until you delete them.  Yes, the phone is that "smart" that it doesn't realize you're already talking and trying to enter digits.This is a phone for people who only want data and text ability.

I loved how quick I got a response. And it mailed sooner than the expected date I am super pleased with this product.

This phone is way to small for anyone with man sized hands. i can get over that. but what i cant get over is the fact that every month i have to do a factory reset because it only has 5 mb of memory after all the preloaded apps that i dont want that it wont let me erase, and the phone updates i dont get an option to download or not. it gets to the point that i have to reset it so i can get text messages again. don't buy this phone, i promise you that you will regret it.

The memory sucks, virgin mobile apps clog the memory, unable to delete them or move them to sd card..can't even update any apps as there is no memory to do so

This phone seemed really fast when I first got it and didn't have any apps on it so I thought I had a great, cheap fast smart phone on my hands. Little did I know the memory issue would come up and my phone would always say low memory even though I had like one app and was only updating the un-deletable stock apps that take up way too much of the phone's memory so you have to constantly delete cache, emails and texts just to operate your phone. Switched to the Evo V and haven't looked back since

I was really excited when I bought it but it turns out the internal memory is really low, so no matter how big your memory card is you won't be able to install more than 5 apps. I had 5 but had to delete 2 when I updated the phone. Honestly I wouldn't recommend it.
