
I bought this phone about 3 months ago and had to replace . The phone would drop calls and break up when you were trying to talk. I took the phone back and replaced it, same problem. now I have an lg exceed and love it.

I really liked the features and look of this phone; however, had to return it because it was a 4G phone and I needed a 3G for the cheaper wireless service I was choosing. I would recommend it to a friend.

As good a phone as any and for better than half the price I could get anywhere. Was easy activate and have had no problems.

I ordered 2 of these phones to set up on Page Plus Cellular from Breed.  No where on the listing does it state that this is a pre-paid cell phone.  A pre-paid cell phone can only be used on a Verizon account.  If I had known it was a pre-paid cell phone I would not have ordered them!

I was very hesitant to get a smart phone, and am still getting used to it, but I do like it alot.  Easy to use, nice camera, too many features for me to ever use.  Has frozen up on me a couple of times and had to take the battery out to reboot, but otherwise perfect.

The battery with the phone was dead.  Seller sent another--defective as well.  Have purchased a brand new one and will see if the phone drains it in a matter of an hour also.2nd Entry--New battery seems to be holding charge.

I bought this phone and shortly thereafter started having dizzy spells.  I did not realize that they were being caused by the terrible refresh rate on this phone.  After months of suffering and doctor visits, I have finally figured out that it was this phone causing the problem.  I had to get a new phone and now have no problems but that was an expensive way to find out what a lousy product this was.  These dizzy spells come on fast and hard and not necessarily when I am looking at the phone.  One dizzy spell happened as I was driving! thankfully I did get off on the shoulder of the road but that could have ended terribly!  Save your money and your health! don't buy this phone!! I have rated this at 1 star but only because I had to give it at least 1, I certainly would give it zero!!

This phone doesn't charge well.  I'll have it plugged in all day and night and it will only have a battery that's less than 50% charged.  And then it dies really quickly.  I'm not sure this purchase was worth it because I need a phone I can have with me, not a phone that I have to leave charging inside.

its not like my  other phone when you type sometimes the letters are misprinted.  I had to purchase a backup phone

...and I don't mean that as a put-down. It's not the latest iPhone or Android wonder machine -- not that I've gotten close close to one -- but it was inexpensive and works with PagePlus network. It can handle Google Drive documents, which is a nice plus for this Chromebook user.It's also a nice phone for my wife's first smartphone. She is basically a talker / texter, and although the touch screen has been tricky for her, the Illusion is user friendly enough that she hasn't thrown it at the wall... yet :)UPDATE 2014.04.23 -->It's still a nice, basic smart phone as far as handling apps, but I felt like I needed to come back and say that if you're going to use it on the PagePlus network, it will not update the operating system automatically. That may contribute to some buggy behavior in the phone operations -- sometimes I can't get the virtual keypad to show up during a call (like when I need to press a number), and sometimes pressing a number on the virtual keypad doesn't work. I'm not sure if that's just because it hasn't been updated (due to being off the Verizon network) or just the phone itself, but there you go. It's gotten so irritating that I'm ready to try rooting it, even if that makes it unusable. I'm ready for a phone with analog buttons again, I think.And yes, it does go through battery life quickly when you have your apps updating automatically.

I have had this phone for A few days and I am still in the explore Mode; It did not have an operators book and it came brand new. it had books but none to explain its features and how to work its extensive menu items and screens; as well as how to receive callsand this is only the beginning. I think I will keep it for the internet and for recording music and get A simpler phone for sending and receiving call.  It is just Fancy not really for communications.

I do have to say, it's a step up from the LG Vortex that I was using, however, the seller is very deceptive about this phone. the two things I was the most excited about was the front-facing camera and the rear-facing camera having flash. these are both lies. it does work on page plus, it is unlocked, and it does run pretty smoothly. just don't let everything the seller says fool you.

love the phone but after 6 months my charging end is messed up. but over all great phone I want another one it is the perfect size.

This is a great phone, it does everything I need. Plus it gives off less radiation than most phones. It had a good GPU and a great CPU some phones in this price range only have a CPU. The Samsung Processor is one of the fastest in terms of processing multi scrips, some test shows it to be faster than a dual core chip set. Wifi is set to only 25% and its still V fast if on the N setting 15Mb down and up. I have not rooted it yet, but I am sure once I do it will be faster. I would not take a diffrent higher end phone if you gave it to me.

This phone is not the greatest, but it meets my current needs.  I paid $60 for it, so what can I expect?  I do, however, like the phone and has been very reliable so far...

This is a great phone for a phenomenal price. I gave it to my friend as a gift but now want it back for myself!

I ordered this phone a couple weeks ago. No where on the ad did it state that this is a prepaid phone only. I received it on time and would have been happy with it, but had to return it and other items I ordered with it at same time. My problem is they did not state prepaid and it cost me about $8 for restocking and s&h. This would not have happened if he had advertised correctly.

its very a good simple basic phone .... ...... .... ... ....the price that i paid $79.99(prime) is very good price

Very simple. I've been told it looks like a mini version of the Samsung Galaxy. I used to have a Motorola Droid, this is way better, I just wish it had a front camera. Very top notch. Like new! Love it!

I have no idea how this phone works because it can only be used on a Verizon account.  I do not have a Verizon account.  I suggest that this little tidbit of information should be included in the phone's description for ignorant consumers like me.  The reason I purchased this phone was because someone described it as simple to use for a non-techie person.  I've already put the screen protector on it, and snapped on the case cover and charged it up.  Now I'm praying that I can get my money back.  Not happy.

Bought this phone for the dil. Despite attempting every route to activate , it never would. The Verizon rep wasn't able to activate iteither.

Because I prefer never to engage in contracts with any wireless carriers, instead I prefer to use other optional plans that do not require contracts. With that in mind &#34;you should know&#34; this particular phone model can only be used or otherwise activated only to the Verizon  pre-pay plan. Other than that it's a decent phone

I can not use my front camera and it did not come with books and i thought it would  be unlimtied data usage but other wise k i feel like i did not get what i paid for.

I returned this verizon cell phone as the seller did not say due to all the apps running in the backgroound would cause your cellphone bill to increase to about $100.00

not a galaxy 3, but nice software, everything works. Battery kinda iffy but I bought it used and expected that. Running it downall the way occasionally and charging up turned off, and using juice defender helps. I can get two days if I don't use it alot. Already dropped it and it didn't hurt it at all, so so far so good. Didn't pay that much so pleased in that regard, and it workson Page Plus (which rokz btw) so I'm happy.

This phone was designed by apes. You try doing something like using the keypad and the screen goes dark before your finger lands on it? I had a bloody Nokia flip phone before this that had far better reception. Oh and thanks for selling this to me loaded with all the bloatware (Monopoly, NFL mobile, Uno, Slacker radio, etc....) that I cannot delete even though I own the phone. Thank you for subjecting me to further marketing even after you've made a sale. I will be returning this garbage this week and spreading my vitriol as far and wide as possible.The iPhone is superior technology - this Samsung is a bad joke.

This phone was sold with the description that it works on Page Plus.  IT DOES NOT!!!  After spending 2 hours trying to activate it, and getting NO HELP from Amazon Warehouse Deals (rep read the description of the phone and then stated &#34;Do you want to return it?&#34;  Not &#34;What can I do to help you?&#34;) Terrible customer service!!  I spoke with different people at Page Plus to try to help me, because the phone was actually sent to me LOCKED!  The nice, Page Plus rep told me to check the phone to see what the internal MEID # was and it was DIFFERENT from the sticker on the back of the phone.  Sounds a bit fishy, right????  He said that it was actually a Pre-paid Verizon only phone.  Amazon has really let this girl down!!  I always sing your praises, and just signed up for Amazon Prime, but now I am very disappointed!

I have had the product TWICE! The first time i had the phone it worked great UNTIL the charging part started to mess up. The second time the same thing happened. If you do get the product make sure you don't put the charger to hard :)

Decent smartphone - this is my first smartphone and I find it is very user friendly.  I did not want a large heavy phone like the galaxy 3 & 4.  This phone is the perfect size and weight.  I only gave it 3 stars because I had to purchase more memory and  it doesn't have a flash for photos.  My next phone will.Decent

This cellphone is very modern and user friendly and a huge step up for me from out of theold Dinosaur flip phone analog text non-color era!

Works well on Page Plus; easy to set up and manage data.  Also has wifi to use so you don't waste data!  Great phone.

before i buy this does anyone know if you pay $50 a month for unlimited data text and talk or is it $70

The packaging was good and my daughter is happy with this item. We are very satisfied with having made this purchase through Amazon.com.

Bought this phone, actually two of them for my sons and they have worked out great!! I love them and they came on time.

The phone is easy to use. One thing I didnt get the sd card that surpose to come with the card.

This is a nice phone but the battery is the worst battery I've seen you can have it fully charge an hour later it is stone dead

I bought this because I needed a phone to replace a broken one in the middle of a verizon contract. It is reliable and does not shut down for no reason, like my Motorola Droid. However the battery discharges very fast  and it does not have as much memory and is slower. I know it is an older phone, and it was a good choice for what I needed.

This seller has outstanding professionalism. He went above and beyond to deliver a great product to me. The only flaw in this item was the description said it has a front facing camera, and it doesn't. But I enjoyed my buying experience and no doubt I would recommend this seller to anyone seeking an affordable smart phone.

its not a bad phone . its gets turned off very often .we are using it for a spear phone I would still buy a galaxsy x4 or x5

I got this as a replacement for one of our phones on our plan.  While it is better than the previous phone, this one seems to freeze up, and power down with no advance notice.  But it does serve it's purpose when it is holding a charge.

I like this phone. It does have many features that I'll never use, (using the phone on Page Plus Wireless is limited), but it's a nice feature filled phone. The only drawback I have with it is that the battery life is a bit short. To get around the short battery life, I have disable some of the constant updates that uses data and turn them on only when I need updates. I did notice that when the data is off the picture text didn't work. I now leave the data on all the time. Over all, it's a good buy for me.

tried to activate. Verizon could not activate over the phone or in store. i returned this phone the first week.

I bought this phone for my mother who broke her phone. The sales rep from Verizon wanted to charge her an arm and a leg for a new phone. She had no problems setting up this phone.

I didn't jump onto the smartphone bandwagon until recently, got this phone because it was the only one Verizon offered with prepaid.  But I'm really enjoying it.Note I didn't buy from Amazon, got from Target, nonetheless same phone without any special upgrades.  Works beautifully, very smooth page transitions, feels fast.  No trouble with wifi except I wasn't able to purchase Monopoly (phone came with Monopoly demo)...said it couldn't connect through Wifi or 3g.3g is plenty fast for me, youtube videos loaded quickly.Battery life seems good so far, I don't spend all day watching videos.  If I made 5-10 phone calls, sent 5-10 texts and watched 5-10 videos in a day the phone would be at about 50% charge by night.  Since I first got it, the standby mode seems to drain a little faster now, that'd be my only minor complaint.

Didn't have all the functions it said it did but it's an ok phone said has front camera not so an that was my reason for choosing this particular phone

I got this phone because it's the same phone I got when I first opened up my Verizon account a year ago. It worked really well (my first smart phone) until it died a year later. So I thought I'd get this replacement from Amazon. Ultimately, when I tried activating this Amazon version at the Verizon store, they told me that the history of the phone indicated that as some point it was coded specially so it could only be a pay as you go phone&#8211;or something, I can't remember the specifics. All I know is that I couldn't activate with my verizon contract. Maybe not all the phones are like that, but it sure was a hassle!

This phone was a good choice for someone that has never had a smart phone. He has been able to learn it mostly on his own

Honestly... my wife is the Anti-Tech.Laptops slow down when she comes to use them. Flatbed scanners lose track of where they were on the page. Printer servers seem to lose their jobs somewhere in vaporspace. Seriously, her idea of high tech is a digital children's thermometer...A couple years ago, the kids and I helped her migrate from the realm of flip phones to the smart phone world, and the Samsung Illusion is the phone that the kids picked out for her as a birthday gift. It was the right choice for the job -- not too complex, not too many bells & whistles, just the right size for her somewhat petite hands, and easy to navigate. Of course, she jumped head first into texting with family and friends.It took her a few months to put away her paper address book and start to use the phone's Contacts functionality. Took even longer for her to get comfortable using the Illusion to check and send email. Now she's progressed to taking and sharing pictures, reading and sending work files and other pdfs, and using Google Navigator.Yes, she is finally on her way in the smart phone world. Now if she would only get comfortable remembering to take her phone with her wherever she goes, and stop putting it back into her purse (... and then taking it back out again, over & over) each and every time she sends and receives individual texts.One thing that we did notice is that the charge on the original battery lasted, on average, a little over one day. That battery died a few weeks ago, after about two years, and the Samsung OEM replacement purchased on Amazon (Li-Ion Polymer OEM Replacement Battery (1500mAh) for Samsung Illusion (EB484659YZ)) has been fantastic. We think the charge on this one lasts even longer than the initial one did.If you are looking for a good starter smart phone that is reasonably priced and easy to use, we highly recommend that you consider the Samsung Illusion based on our experience with it.

I've had this same exact phone b4 and I've luvd it soo much that when my old phone broke... I could NOT b w/o it 4 very long!

This is totally not what I thought I was getting.  It is a pre-paid phone that you cannot use with Pageplus or a pre-existing plan (without some major time-consuming expensive modifications).  This is not stated in the description at all.  I will be trying to return it.

So far, it's okay. I'm still struggling to understand some of the features. The previous owner left a lot of apps on the phone and I'm not sure if I want them. I think I needed to get the next one up...I thought this one was that.  Anyway. I like the phone.  Not sure I will keep it.

I bought this one for a friend and they are happy with it,they wanted a new phone this one they happy with it

I am glade you had a phone i can use scene i broke my old phone and cannot afford a new expensive one this one is great.

I got this phone just for temporary use and it's not that bad. Samsung phones however, are low quality phones in general but I was hoping that this one wouldn't be as bad, but it is. The call reception is horrible, whenever if call someone they can never understand what I'm saying. The camera quality is horrible. All my pictures looks extremely blurry and the seller states that this phones has a front facing camera which is completely bogus. And it also doesn't have flash. Another major downfall to this phone was that it didn't come with an SD card so I have to spend more money which was really annoying. Aside from the phone not being as good as I hoped, the seller was able to make my phone arrive in 3 days which was 4 days sooner than when I thought it was going to arrive.
