
Screen: the 4.3" Super AMOLED+ screen is in one: beautiful. The resolution is still only 800x480 but I haven't noticed any pixelation whatsoever. Some have reported that there is a slight blue hue to the whites on the phone, but again, I haven't noticed it. I have the phone on full brightness pretty much all the time and the screen just blows me away.OS: WP7.5 (Mango) is definitely a huge step in the right direction. It's as silky as ever, on par with iOS and it never stutters or lags. Everything you need is literally either a push of a tile or a flick of the finger. You no longer need 5 different apps to check your Facebook, Twitter or Windows Live. The massive use of black supports the type of screen very well since blacks consume very little power on a Super AMOLED+ display. However, I would stay away from the "light" theme a whites consume more power than usual. There are a lot of little things that shows that Microsoft has paid attention to the details. When using the keyboard, if you have sounds enabled, there are around 8 different tones that play. A nice touch, but it does somewhat lag behind what you are actually typing in (just the sound, not the typing itself).Hardware: I have always been a fan of the way Samsung makes their phones. Many people say the phones feel cheap and plasticy, but I just don't find that to be the case. To each their own. The back cover is a little flimsy but it's not too bad. I wish the 3.5mm jack was on the bottom like on their Nexus S, but it's definitely not a dealbreaker.Camera: The camera is a pleasure to work with. It has an 8MP rear camera and a 1.3MP front facing camera. The rear camera is able to shoot 720p video that looks just as good as the competition, maybe a little better. It is unable to do 1080p because it lacks a dual-core processor. The dedicated camera button is definitely a welcome edition.Internals: The second gen 1.4Ghz single core CPU allows the phone to hum along nicely. No hiccups at all. At the moment WP7 does not need dual-core processors to do the job so do not consider this a con. However I do have an issue with the GPU. I am assuming the Focus S is still using the Adreno 200 or the Adreno 205. Both being dated games won't run nearly as smoothly as they will on Android or iOS. I dont play much games, but there is a noticeable difference between Fruit Ninja on this phone and the Galaxy S (let alone the 4S and the S2)

I am new to Windows Phone, I had a HTC EVO 4G and the Focus S is a million times better in every way.  Microsoft has done an amazing job with the software, it runs super fast and apps open fast and don't crash, at least not yet.  I've had my new phone for two months now and I find it to be easy and fun to use, when I had my Android phone it was a sluggish painful experience hoping that my text messages and emails would send or having to always go into an app just to turn off other apps that would run in the background slowing the OS to a crawl.  Give Windows Phone a chance, if anyone gives it a fair shake and spends a few days with the phone I think it would be the phone to own, even better than the iPhone.  I've also had no issues finding apps that I want in the marketplace and the apps are actually better than Andriod apps, they look better and seem to be faster.  If you are on the fence on which Windows Phone to buy I highly recommend the Focus S because of two reason... batterly life is amazing and it has Gorilla glass!  I don't like cases and shield protectors and you don't need it with this phone.  I have dropped it and banged it around and it looks brand new.  Aesthetically it's thin and sleek and fits perfectly in my pocket, the other day I put it next to my friends iPhone and it makes the iPhone look blocky and ugly in comparision.  I love this phone and I am very impressed with what Microsoft has created with Windows Phone 7.

I lived with an HTC Incredible for 18+ months that, overall, I liked. It never really synced completely correctly with Outlook (if you accidentally accepted an invitation to a meeting on the phone, you had to remove the account and set it up again to clear sync errors!). When the Gingerbread update came out (two of them, a day apart), my HTC Incredible was incredibly useless.I surrendered and switched to AT&T; so I could get this phone, and I love it. The UI is intuitive, fast, useful, and best of all: Outlook just plain works perfectly.My wife had recently updated from an iPhone 3 to an iPhone 4, and was nearly in tears after she spent a few minutes playing with my new phone (and desperately wishing she could get one, too).The UI, while not perfect, is leaps beyond both iPhone and Android.

After witnessing the evolution of the iPhone and the arrival of android, I found myself still hesitating and not buying one of them. One year ago, when Microsoft announced their Windows Phone, I was intrigued by its user interface which is very different than what I was used to while I was "playing" with the iPhone or android.One month ago, during Thanksgiving weekend, my wife and I took the decision to upgrade her phone and got a Windows Phone / Samsung Focus S. We are not very tech savvy people and our experience with this phone has been very satisfying. It was very easy for us to link her personal hotmail accounts and professional Outlook account. We easily connected the phone to her FB. Downloading music and pictures was very easy as well.The day to day usage of the phone (calling someone, answering calls, accessing contacts, sending pictures, writing txt messages, reading/writing emails, etc.) was not a problem at all. My wife loves it and she is very satisfied.Overall, Windows Phone is for our needs an excellent product so far. No buyer's remorse. I don't need anymore to play with an iPhone or an android phone to find out which one suits our needs the best. Our patience paid off.

For the last year I've been using a Samsung Focus, which is a very good phone with one limitation: screen size. Having a 4" screen is nice, but coming from a 4.3" HD2 before the Focus I found the browsing experience cramped on the Focus. The Windows Phone "Metro" Interface is very touch friendly, so most of the time I didn't mind the smaller screen.Then I saw the Focus S. It is thinner, lighter, and the 4.3" screen is back to what I consider the right size for a phone screen. Browsing is a lot easier in desktop mode, with links appearing just the right size. I think the faster processor makes a difference in game load times and browser speed - I am able to view websites in Desktop mode and it performs very well. But for me the single greatest aspect of this phone is the screen - Super AMOLED Plus, with vibrant colors and very good brightness outdoors. 800x480 resolution does not seem pixelated on the screen, which was the case on my old HD2.Some Samsung-exclusive apps include Now (a wide app when pinned to the homescreen that displays weather on the live tile); Tango (video conferencing app - I don't use it yet) and MiniDiary (a very useful app that lets you store images, sound and text as diary entries). Also the Focus S came with some exclusive sounds for message notification and ringtones.Other comparisons with the original Focus:- The 8MP camera is about the same quality as the 5MP from the Focus. I do not use the front-facing camera, but I can see how it would be nice during video chat.-  Size: it is wider and much thinner than the original Focus. The Back protrudes at the bottom, giving you a better sense of orientation.- buttons: The power, camera and volume buttons stick out farther than on the original Focus. This was annoying at first, but I got a phone case (Case-mate Barely There Case for Samsung Focus S i937 - Blue [AT&T; Retail Packaging]) that helped with accidental button pushes. Incidentally it makes the phone look great - a little like the blue accents on the new Nokia Lumia 800.- Battery Life: longer than the Focus. I frequently end the day with 1/3 battery charge remaining (with the focus it would be drained).- micro-USB port is on the bottom now! This is great for orienting your phone in a dock or holder (as the Focus would have a cable sticking out of the top).- storage: the Focus had 8GB internal and a micro-SD port that could expand by another 32GB. The Focus S has 16GB internal and no expansion. Although a step back, I still haven't filled up my 16GB yet.- screen: bigger, same resolution. Brightness is dimmer by default (due to aggressive battery saving settings), but enabling Medium brightness on the Focus S is brighter than the Focus in default.Overall I'm very happy with my upgrade, and extremely happy with the phone overall.

Ive owned IOS and Android. I switched last year to WP7 as both had problems. Let me tell you something, this phone doesn't lag, it doesn't freeze. It doesn't shut off unexpectedly. Windows Phone 7 is so reliable and more than 90% of the most wanted apps are here. I don't care what phone you have. This will perform better than it. Take a moment to look away from the specs on this phone and pay attention to the User Interface. That is the "Focus" of this phone. It will work for you much better than others. No lag and my battery lasts more than 16 hours.

Super fast. Easy to use. Light weight. Awesome display. Long battery life, around 18 hours of good useage. Lots of apps now, 100k!

After years of dealing with buggy android phones, I've finally come home.The Samsung Focus S is what a smartphone should be, plain and simply, it just works.I've had 7 android phones, from locking up, to random reboots, and app crashes to name a few, it made me feel like smashing the F***ING phones against the wall!Windows Phone works like a charm, smooth and fluid, no bugs, crashes or reboots.People may say the platform is boring, you can't customize it, yada yada yada.But I'd rather have a phone that works and does what it was meant to without issues.The OS takes a bit getting used to, but that comes from years of dealing with the android platform.I was also pleasantly surprised how well this phone works with AT&T;, I was the biggest hater of AT&T;, but everything from data connections, to call quality has been superb!Try this phone, you won't be sorry, Amazon gives you 30 days to test drive it, so if by some reason your not happy, you can always return it, but you won't.

Samsung Focus S together with Windows Phone has delivered a stunning exprience of a smart phone. Being an ex IPhone I can really appreciate what Microsoft is doing. They have set the bar really high and this phone complements it. Stunning dispaly of 4.3 inches delivers superb video and browsing experience. I am never going back to IPhone unless Apple does something like this.

Forget this phone if you need to integrate with MS Office. It is just close to impossible to get your MS Outlook calendar synced into any Windows Phone. Sure there is the Cloud and the Office Hub and the 365, but it is awkward and there is a monthly add-on fee for some of the syncs. It also gets a little funky as the OS tries to push some things through Window Live. The issue with the MS Outlook calendar has been around for over a year and no one at the retail outlets seemed to be aware of the problem. On the other hand, if you don't need to sync with Outlook and want a fast phone with great graphics and pretty good sound then the is the phone for you.

First: This is NOT windows mobile. This is completely different. This new OS is on par with iPhone and Android.I love this phone. So light and fast and the colors look amazing. 4G is so much faster than 3G. I had no idea it was such a leap forward.I got the original Samsung Focus because I was interested in C#/.net development. I had an iPhone before it, and I sort of missed my iPhone for a little bit. But the WP7 OS grew on me. It's extremely easy to use, fast, intuitive, and clean. It never crashes. The 7.5 update added tons of new features.If you're even a little interested in windows phone, go to an AT&T; store or whoever your carrier is and just play with one. You'll see what I mean.I've heard a lot of people saying Windows Phone is going to pass blackberry for the #3 spot soon, and I wouldn't be surprised if WP7 really gave Android an iPhone a run for their money within the next few years.

Such a smooth phone and OS, I have an iPhone and Android I mess around on but always come back to this.

This phone is pure beauty, inside and out. If your looking to get a WP7, this is the way to go!

I tend to change phones yearly.  This one phone may stick around longer than that.  The only issue it has that I have phone is that the auto-brightness changes too much.  I assume it will be a quick software update to resolve, though.

This phone is very nice! Although some folks think that the 16GB memory is too small, it's plenty for storing tons of songs, and photos, and a good amount of Apps. If you like having every song in your bazillion song collection, then maybe this baby is not your phone. But for most people, 16GB is more then enough. My prior phone the iphone 3GS, and original Samsung Focus were both 16GB and I hardly ever was using all the memory.The recent update to Windows phone, aka "Mango" is an important and awesome upgrade making this phone, and OS a very real alternative to either Android or the iphone.To rate the 3 systems, I say Windows phone and the Apple iPhone are in a tie, both has their respective advantages..and Android is in a lagging 2nd, Sorry Blackberry you're now in distant 3rd... I gave up on you years ago.Regarding ,Android although a decent OS only grew so fast because the management at Microsoft were a little to slow to react to the iPhone. That has now changed.If you use a Windows machine, the Focus S has the potential to be so much better intergrated than that of an Apple Iphone to your Windows PC. It's a no brainer if you're a PC. It's super thin, light, the screen is even better than the original Focus (which is great). I wouldn't upgrade to the S if you're not due for a contract renewal upgrade because although the Focus S a improvement, the original Focus (now 1 year old), the original is still a good phone and very competive against many brand new phones on the market.I often get "wow, cool phone is that Android?" Sort of funny and annoying at the same time. I give the phone 4 stars because of no expandable memory for those who might want more. I would also like to see a Samsung phone that has some other materials used, such as metals, like the  iphone.

I have owned this device since November 2011 and it is as much a pleasure to use today as when we first got it.  Easily one of the best devices to ever run Windows Phone 7, it is a seamless, fantastic experience.  The tile UI which makes up the home screen is a unique and very useful tool.  Your favorite tools, apps, web stes and shortcuts can all be attached to the main screen in a square tile, and one tap opens it up within seconds.  Tired of it, or want some bloat gone?  Just uninstall it.  It is like Microsoft was the first to find out this is your phone.The Media plays very well on the Focus S, and Samsung's screens continue to perform well.  Bright and vibrant, images pop off and colors excel.  There are great tools- Microsoft Office has a very useful mobile version of Office installed, the Calander is as useful of a tool as I have ever come acrossed, "Local Scout" is great for food, movies and events, Zune player is a fantastic music/video service.  If you are a social media nut, WP has changed the game with the intergration of your mobile sites into the "People" hub.  Load up your information, and addresses, contacts, pictures, and phone numbers come in automatically and Birthdays get attached to the calander all at once. Samsung also provides an exclusive called "Chat On" which also does wonders for social media. "XBOX LIVE" hub is fun and will keep the Gamer happy.  The app selection is now over 100,00 and still counting.  The on screen keyboard is decent with good spell check options.  Reception and call quality are great. IE9 is smooth as the web browser.Only concerns:  16 GB hard storage with no expandable memory, the camera is decent but nothing special, the speaker phone quality is only average, and there is no support for "Flash" video.Cannot say enough good things.  Do not worry about support- Microsoft is pushing a major upgrade out to WP 7 devices dubbed WP 7.8 and apps will continue to be written for these devices when WP 8 comes out.

I bought this phone about a month ago and it is terrific (after seeing my phone, my wife immediately ditched her Blackberry and bought one for herself too).  Big, beautiful 4.3" screen that really has to be seen to be appreciated (video just looks fantastic).  However, the phone is so thin and light, that even with all that screen real estate it still fits easily in my jeans pocket.The Windows Phone operating system is also a real pleasure to use and super smooth and responsive.  The live tiles are cool, different, and actually deliver useful information.  The social network integration is really cool and allows you to interact with Facebbok, Linkedin, etc. all from one place.  Microsoft Office integration is slick and allows one to access documents from anywhere--desktop, to Skydrive, to phone, back to desktop.There are so many other things integrated into the phone, that I keep stumbling onto stuff I would normally expect to need an app for.  Voice commands are built in:  Want to text someone? Just tell the phone who, dictate the message, and then tell the phone to send it--done!  Looking for an Italian restaurant nearby? Just ask the phone to find you one. Want to launch an app?  Tell the phone to launch it and...wallah!  Not sure why there is some much hype about Siri on the iphone, because this phone seems to do everything it does and more (for some reason Siri can't launch apps).  Also, visual recognition (bar codes, etc.), audio recognition (who sings that song?) are integrated into the Bing search engine.Haven't tried the XBox integration yet, but we're getting the kids one for Christmas (yes, dear, it's for the kids...hah!), so that's next.It has an 8 megapixel camera and also a smaller front facing camera so you can make videocalls.  Skype isn't available yet on Windows Phone--although Microsoft owns it, so I'm not sure why--but there are other apps for that.  Battery life has been good--makes it through the whole day with plenty of juice to spare.Only knock I can really give the phone is the dearth of apps compared to Android and Apple; however, the Windows Phone has only been out for one year and already has about 40,000 apps in the marketplace and the number is growing rapidly.Bottom line:  You should try this phone!

battery life excellent, performance great, screen quality awesome i play games alot on this device and the most evidentthing with this device is that it doesn't hurt my eyes... the galaxy S made by the same manufacturer gives me serious eye problems whenever i use it.

First let me start off with the bad, the Focus S is made by Samsung. That alone should be telling enough. Anyone that has ever owned, seen or used any of their smartphones in the last 2 years or so will understand what i mean. Whether it be their now top of the line Android phone the Galaxy Nexus, the Galaxy S II, Galaxy  S, Nexus S or Samsung Focus...all the phones are made out of plastic, feel very light in hand, and this lack of heft tends to give them the feel of cheapness or fragility. It really isn't the case, as I can say I had dropped my older Samsung Captivate (AT&T;'s Galaxy S) and Samsung Focus on the ground many times, with little more than minor scuffs resulting, but still...you will always have the feeling of "wow this phone is almost too light" if you're like me and value the use of premium materials in gadgets. And as far as the bad, that's really it. Let's move on.I actually upgraded to this phone from the Samsung Focus, and I must say that it is actually worth every penny for me.  I started with Window Phone 7 last year, so I can say I'm pretty well versed in the ins and outs of the phone. But this phone loaded with Windows Phone 7.5 "Mango" is really something great. The OS isn't as featured filled as iOS and not as customizable as Android, but conversely it isn't hampered by the "walled garden" of Apple nor does it have some of the incohesive and unpolished issues of Android - if you've used an Android phone for more than a day, you're surely aware of the instability, sometimes slow update schedule and random errors like "force close".All in all, the OS has it's shortcomings and lack of features, but what it has done so far, it's completely nailed in execution.As far as the actual phone hardware itself (besides the build quality I mentioned before)it's great to be honest. The camera takes really good pictures, especially in low light conditions, the screen is amazing and has incredible color reproduction and black levels, and it's really one of the thinnest phones on the market. Would have been nice if there was a 32GB option for people that really do a lot of syncing of music, videos and podcasts, but i can't nit pick. Otherwise it's a great phone, won't regret the purchase.

I work for a wireless company, and I have been a long-term Blackberry user. I traded up my BB for an iPhone, which was "OK," then to an Android device. Finally I made the transition to a Windows Phone when the Focus was released. I was blown away by the simplicity of the OS, and how powerfully integrated it was into the overall experience of the phone. The only thing that the original Focus lacked was the new and exciting features of the new devices. (front facing camera, faster processor, copy/paste)Then comes the mango update, then the Focus S. It more than makes up for the 2yrs I was attached to the 1st gen Focus. The Super AMOLED display is crisp, and vibrantly colored. The phone polish is nice, though I didn't appreciate the fact that it is almost a carbon copy of the Galaxy S II. My only gripe is that the battery cover feels brittle. But, it doesn't take away from the overall quality feel of the phone. Honestly, you should never have to pull it off after the initial battery insertion. The OS is so stable, that you will almost never have to battery pull.The 1.4Ghz processor is snappy, making gaming and overall feel of the phone a pleasure to use. Battery life is just OK. It's the nature of Super AMOLED. So expect to charge nightly. (hardcore gamers should carry an extra battery, as you will be juiceless 2 - 3 times a day)If you are in the market for a new device, are tired of Smart phones that are app driven, need a fresh user experience, and can appreciate seamless integration throughout your device, the Focus S is the one for you. It's not as open as Android or as closed as iOS. It's also not a chore to use like Android, nor dummy-ed up like iOS. It fits nicely in the middle.Basically the downsides are short battery, Marketplace with 50k apps, and uninspired design.

Clearly the best smart phone I've used to date.  Anroid and Iphone 4 seemed like a step sideways regarding the UI but everything is intuitive with this phone.  My wife switched from verizon to sprint to get their arrive a while back and she is so much more comfortable using it.  I switched from Verizon to this one after fooling around with both the iphone and a couple of androids and wondered why I wasted my time with them.  Battery life is excellent.  I went 3 days without charging (phone use, email, some browsing, a few pictures and an occasional video).  In the past, I would occasionally make 2 days, doing the same thing.  Some people seem to associate light with cheap, but being able to leave this phone in my pocket while running and not have it bouncing around is a very much appreaciated.  In the past, I had to hold the phone in my hand, so it wasn't a problem. Both camera quality and video seem very good and having everything synced with my other computers automaticlly is a huge plus. Doesn't matter where I change something, it's current with everything else almost instantly.  One thing I would like to see improved is when automaticlly uploading pictures to skydrive, that I have an option to do so, without compressing.  Currently, to get the full file, I have to upload through zune to my computer.Also, password protected Office files don't open through Live Mesh.  I sent them a request to get that done, so hopefully that will be there soon.I was apprehensive about switching th At&t;, but the coverage, so far is as good or better than Verizon.

The device is really thin, with a very bright screen and super-fast response time. Showcases the Windows Phone 7 interface. Front facing camera is a lot of fun.

When the Samsung Galaxy S II line was released, I couldn't wait to hear for a Windows Phone version. What is great is that Samsung followed through and released the Samsung Focus S. I have had this device since day one but decided not to write a review because I felt I needed more hands on time. Remember, the best reviews are by those who have it integrated into their life. As for the review, I give this a 4 star review for many reasons.Sound: 8/10The call quality of this device is debatable. When using speaker phone, the end user does get echo/repetition that can get very annoying. Otherwise, it is pretty clear. As to the rear speaker, it is actually pretty load if you are in a quiet place such as your home or car. Of course, headphones or a portable speaker are always going to be better for listening when you don't get the luxury of silence.Build Quality and Feel(without a case or skin): 7/10The build quality is very good and the phone is really light. While the light weight is great, it does feel like you could crush the phone in your hand. Another gripe about the device is that it is made of plastic so it does get that cheap feel. Nonetheless, the giant 4.3in (10.88cm) screen is gorgeous and gets this section a 7/10.Screen: 9/10The screen of this device is unrivaled by those of the competitors. Yes, they might be bigger, but the overall definition cannot be matched. Samsung's Super AMOLED+ technology gives the screen life like pictures when viewed. I have yet to see any competitor match their technology. Even Apple's Retina Display won't compare on a tiny 3.5in (8.9cm) screen.Button Placement: 4/10I feel Samsung did a really poor choice in placing the power lock, volume, and camera. The way I hold the devices makes it so my index finger will rest on the lock button. I then end up locking the device when I don't mean to. As well, the camera key is placed that I hit it in that once in a blue moon. I recommend getting a case with sturdy buttons so you don't accidentally press it.Camera: 8/10The 8MP that is boasted on this phone takes some really great pictures and the other sensors on it are good as well. While it might not replace your point-and-shoot at home, it is good for when you aren't carrying your true camera with you. Overall, it doesn't stick out of the phone like the HTC camera which I personally have a gripe about.Processor: 10/10This device is powered by a 1.4GHz single core Snapdragon Processor by Qualcomm. Despite what others says, the Windows Phone OS paired with the single core processor is still faster than other dual-core Androids on the market. Heck, the OS and processor is faster than the iPhone 4S. Those who say that the single core processor is a drawback has never used one of these before. Whatever anybody tells you, the single core processor found here is very fast and does the job just right.4G: 7/10The device does deliver fast speeds over HSPA+ but it was a let down when it wasn't LTE compatible as well. If you get a good HSPA+ signal, you will be able to stream YouTube videos without buffer and load text based web pages in a snap. The antennas inside are great and does not suffer from antenna gate found on the iPhone 4. This feature though relies more on AT&T; being good in your area than anything else.Memory (16GB, not expandable): 5/10While this does not affect me as much as other users, the actual formatted capacity of the device right now is 14.7GB. I currently have 400 songs, eight 30-minute videos, a good 3GB in apps, and left over with 6GB of space. The big let down is that Windows Phones don't support true external storage via a microSD card. So for those who have a lot of files and 16GB won't cut it, I highly recommend to go with a comparable Android model instead. If you can learn to curb your storage, it shouldn't be an issue. What is really great is that Microsoft offers 25GB of free cloud storage via SkyDrive so you can always exchange your files over Wi-Fi.Battery: 9/10With moderate use (30 minutes of calling/messaging, 2 hours of music, 2 1/2 hours of apps/games, 3 hours of general browsing), I can push an eight hour battery. With heavy use, expect 4-6 hours of battery life. With light use and battery saver, you can push two days of battery. For people looking for a phone, not an outlet, really consider this for your needs.Windows Phone OS (7.5 Mango): 10/10Microsoft really hit the ball out of the park when they re did the whole Windows Mobile into Windows Phone. Unlike other operating systems with a grid of icons, Microsoft went with the Metro interface where you have Live Tiles that display info when information is pushed to you such as the weather, messages, notifications, and much more. When you don't use an app as much, you can always slide to the right and scroll through the complete list of your apps. Microsoft also did one of the greatest things by integrating your life into the phone. I can go from texting a friend to messaging them in Facebook or visa versa. My XBOX LIVE is also integrated so when I unlock an achievement on select games, that gets reflected on my account. The best of all, Zune is integrated into the OS so those who have a Zune Music Pass (the new and grandfathered users), therefore all your downloaded songs can be played on here like it was a Zune device.App Selection: 8/10While the 50,000+ app selection might not be as big or great as the App Store and Android Marketplace, the Windows Marketplace has most of the top apps and games found on the others such as BBC News, Weather Bug, Translators, Angry Birds, Fruit Ninja, and many more. One thing I do like is that there aren't many trash apps. While they might have 500,000 apps, there are many trash apps like those annoyance/fart apps, and others of the sort. So while the Windows Marketplace lacks a few key apps, it also does lack many of the low quality apps on the other two.Overall, the Samsung Focus S is a great phone and those who need a phone, like the Windows Phone OS, or really need a phone that integrates all the Microsoft services into one. As of the Mango update, you have a total of Windows LIVE Messenger, Facebook, twitter, and LinkedIN integration via the People Hub.

I've been looking forward to a larger and non-pentile display for my WP7.5 compared to all the large Android devices out there. Coming from a Samsung Focus which I was quite happy with, it was nice that the cable and chargers are compatible. I was bummed that there wasn't a microSD expansion slot but managed to make it work with the zune wireless sync features. Also, it was unclear from the terrible AT&T; and Samsung spec pages but there is indeed the FM radio feature (as part of the zune app).I'm really amazed how thin the Focus S is and didn't initially plan to get a case but decided to afterwards since there is very little purchase for your fingers to wrap around. The extra screen real estate is great for news apps although I was a bit surprised that the tint turns a bit blue-ish when viewing angle turns extreme. Not a day to day issue at all. Also, it's nice that the camera is centered rather than at one of the edges as it's easier to get used to the angle.The original Focus having the micro-USB was nice as it was easier to keep charged and using the device unlike the Focus S which is at the bottom (also like the iPhones).The one buggy feature is that the ambient light sensor doesn't seem to control the display brightness very well - had to turn the feature off.FInally, the snap on case on the back is interesting as it doesn't cover the entire back of the device. Not many reasons to do a soft reset anyway with the stability of Mango.

Having owned six different smartphones (iphones and androids) in the past six years, I was pleasantly surprised by how smooth the phone works. Things just work. The extra large display screen is just a thing of beauty.

Great hardware. very light. vibrant screen.This is basically Samsung galaxy s2 with windows phone OS.WP 7.5 rocks as usual.

OMG,this phone rocks, fast, smooth, and No lockups at all.I was so sick of the android locking up all the time .

In my opinion this phone is far better than the iPhone. Windows has changed the way mobile phones are. The screen is big and the phone itself is very light in weight. It is thin as can be without sacrificing performance or usability. I would high recommend this phone to anyone. I converted four of my hard core iPhone family users over to this phone.

How can you write about a phone that just plain rocks?  Easily, of course!  I've been using the predecessor to this phone, the Samsung Focus, since it came out in 2010.  I have been nothing but pleased with that phone and so when the new Samsung Focus S was announced I wasted no time trying one out -- it was an easy sell after I used it for about 5 minutes!If you haven't used the new Windows Phone you really don't know what you are missing.  Forget everything you know about the iPhone and Android.  Windows Phone has really redefined what a smart phone should be -- not a device that becomes a chore to use or a distraction to everyday life, but rather a device that let's you focus on your life and integrates your social networks and other happenings together.  I challenge anyone looking to get a new smartphone to just try Windows Phone for 15 minutes -- I guarantee you will fall in love (or at least deep lust!)Having said all that, let's talk about the new Focus S shall we?First off, let's talk screen size -- it's huge!  4.3 AMOLED that is as vivid as the picture makes it appear.  No more struggling to read text or "fat fingering".  This device was built for those who have big hands in mind!  You have so much screen real estate your brain may think you are actually using a tablet.  It's huge!  Ok, ok - so I'm going a little overboard now, but trust me, the screen is bright, vivid and large.With this latest generation of the Focus they have also bundled a front-facing camera.  This makes it easy to not only do video calls, but also makes it very convenient to take self-photos.  Granted, the front camera is just a mere 1.3 megapixels compared to the 8 megapixel rear camera -- but it gets the job done and then some.  Speaking of the rear camera, you are going to quickly find that with this incredible 8 megapixel rear facing camera you are going to be questioning the need to lug around a digital camera.  It takes amazing pictures -- plus with the Windows Phone integrations you are just a touch away from uploading them to Facebook, Twitter, Flickr or a myriad of other photo sharing sites.Speed wise the phone is very responsive.  I've had multiple background apps running and have not noticed any noticeable lag. Some folks might be concerned that it is only a single-core processor, but you know what -- Windows Phone is designed to work without the need of dual-core processors.  I've yet to see the phone become bogged down, and again even my original Focus never had a problem keeping up.  Remember those dual-core phones come with a price -- battery power!With 16GB of on-board memory you get plenty of storage -- but I will say I am a bit dissapointed that there is no slot for adding additional memory cards.  However, even on my original Samsung Focus I only had 10GB total of memory even with a memory card and I never was hurting for space -- even with keeping a ton of photos and a few podcasts loaded onto the phone.Battery life wise I get a good 24-30 hours out of each charge, but I should say I am a heavy user of the phone.  I constantly am taking photos, I have both my personal and work e-mail integrated into the phone, and use quite a few applications.  I'd recommend you go ahead and pick up a car charger for the phone because I promise you, you are going to find it hard to put down when you start using it!Overall, I'm very pleased and am so happy I went with the Windows Phone platform.  I'd love to see them add back in a memory expansion slot for future designs, but right now I'm having a blast with the new phone -- and I even handed my old phone down to a family member who is equally as happy (wouldn't you be as well if you got a free phone?)

It's a great phone -- does everything I need with no effort on my parent.  The XBOX integration is interesting, but what I enjoy most is being able to access my social networks on-the-go.  No other phone I've tried does it as well as this phone.

The Hardware:Samsung has done a great job offering a higher end product available for the WP7. Even though the resolution is lower than competing Android or IOS, it is not a noticeable difference. My friend has an iPhone 4S and side by side the Samsung Focus S just simply a much more beautiful display, mainly due to the larger size.The battery life is plentiful. The only situation when I have to recharge before the end of a full day is when I am playing high amounts of games like Assassin's Creed or watching videos. Compared to my girlfriend's Android, who has to carry a charger with her, it is nice to not have that worry in the back of my mind.The only true negative about the hardware of the phone is that when plugged up to an amplified source of playing music, there is an annoying pop sound when changing songs. Though this is no where near a deal breaker, it is something to keep in mind.The Operating System:The operating system is really where the 5 star rating comes from. It is simply amazing and completely blows away anything else on the market as an end user. As a former Android user, and being very familiar with IOS, there is simply no comparison. Everything is so fluid and perfectly placed. The people's hub simply revolutionizes how to keep in touch with all of your contacts via Facebook, twitter, Windows Live, and other social networking. There is no need to individually get on each individual app, it is all built right into the Phone! However, if you do not wish to travel that route, then the social networking apps are beautiful and swift.If the number of apps is what you are concerned with, Microsoft just announced today to have over 100,000 different apps for Windows Phone 7. Within that marketplace, there is a guarantee to have anything you need that any competitor can offer.The Future:The future of windows phone is even more exciting. Today announced at the Windows Phone Summit is the release of WP 7.8. Though current hardware (Samsung focus s, Nokia Lumia 900, etc) will not be upgradeable to WP8, Microsoft has not forgotten the first and second generation WP7 phones. The WP 7.8 will offer the new start screen experience and other features.Simply put, with the Windows Phone you will not be disappointed. Samsung Focus S is a great phone, but there are also other great hardware offerings out there with the OS.

Ive had my Focus S for a little over a month now and I have to say, Its been an absolutely amazing phone. Its so light and thin, you can barely even feel it in your pocket, which is nice for me because Im a runner. The sleek design is also very durable, as both my wife and I have dropped our phones onto our tile floors numerous times and I cant even see a scratch on em! Add the gorilla Glass to the mix and super amoled plus technology and you have a spectacular screen that still amazes me today with its rich and vibrant colors. Have you seen the commercials for the Galaxy S II? The Focus S has the exact same screen but with the added bonus of the windows mango os.Speaking of windows phone, I have to say you wont find an easier, more fluid and practical OS out there. Everything you need is right on your start screen, with ever evolving live tiles that update with real information. Seeing such an animated experience everytime you open your phone is a sight to see, and one that you dont get with android and IOS. With over 40,000 apps, I havent yet found an app I wanted but wasnt available yet, and with the rate of expansion, I dont think that will ever be a problem. I will say, to get the full experience, you really have to buy into microsofts ecosystem. Zune pass is amazing, and music search and downloading/streaming works flawlessly! Also, your xbox windows live id and email/calender all sync easily, and outlook, as long as your corporation supports the device, works fantastic too! And bing? What they've down with the built in search with convert you from the other guys easily! But  you just have to give them a chance to win you over.All in all, you wont find a nicer device that works this smooth and fast and feels soooo good in your hands. I converted over from Verizon to ATT and I have to say, at least in southern California, my data speeds are super fast, thanks to the hspa+ 4g.  Streaming netflix and music works perfectly so If its the network you are worried about, I have been nothing but pleased with my coverage.  I recommend getting to a store and getting hands on with a Focus S, it really makes all the difference in the world. You wont be disappointed!

Loving the Samsung Focus S! I'd been wanting to get into the WinPhone eco-system, but was waiting for the second gen hardware and the Focus S was top of the heap with its super amoled plus screen, Nokia's US launch lagging, and the Titan too big for us.  My wife and I picked them up for a cent each during Thanksgiving with Amazon/AT&T;'s deal but I would have paid full price were we out of that promotion.  We are coming all the way from Sprint and a HTC Touch Diamond, that's WinMo 6.0. Laugh. Had them for about a week+ now.First off the Windows Phone OS (Mango) is as smooth and slick as advertised; having used Win7 Media Center and Zune it was an easy transition and so much more logically laid out for task oriented 'computing' than dropping in and out of non-related apps.  I retired my trusty Zune and play 13GB of music on the phone during my commutes.  We use the seamless texting between Facebook and Live Messenger utilizing the voice to text to voice capabilities and for the majority of the time gets the dictation correct.  I like the linked emails so they can all be culled together and viewed quickly at one time.I love the screen, it's just gorgeous, the black levels and color saturation really pop.  Since I dock/charge nightly I just run it at full brightness w/ no auto-dimming.  Still ramping up on games and social media aspect of it but so far it's been wonderful.  The 4.3" and thin form factor is about as big as I personally would go on a phone, it fits our hands well and allows for less cramped typing.  As others have said, it is very light, you don't notice it in your front pocket.  I enjoy the smooth navigation throughout the UI, flicking, sliding pinching is a far cry from using the stylus to do that in the old WinMo phones.Only a few niggles, 1. When connected via mini-stereo out to my car audio I hear a 'snap snap' between each song as it's playing in Music + Pictures. 2. Storage, 16GB is ok but I took a big hit pruning down from my 120GB Zune. 3. Wish there was a setting to keep the phone from locking when I'm driving and playing music on it (5 minute max time out currently).Overall we're very very happy w/ the phones and would heartily recommend them!

The hardware of the Focus S is phenomenal! It is amazingly slim with an awesome camera. The pictures that it takes often surprise me with their beauty. The phone is light and slim providing a good feel in one's pocket. It's display is bright and has very vivid colors. Windows phone 7 is surprisingly responsive, navigating menus is quick and painless. I am slightly disappointed in available apps for windows phone however that is hardly a knock on the phone itself. If you are looking for a Windows Phone this or the Nokia Lumia 800 are by far your best options.

I've owned this phone for two weeks and I can say that hands down, the Windows 7 mobile experience is the best out there as far as number of clicks to do want you want, look and feel, usefulness of the dynamic tiles, and ease of configuration.  It also has the greatest ability to merge meaningfully with your desktop via SkyDrive and the other Office 365 applications.  (If you don't use SkyDrive, you should.  It is free with Windows Live and gives you a continuous, private backup of whatever folders you select.)The OLED screen on the Focus S has a deep, eye soothing black, and the colors are absolutely vivid. Pictures, in particular, are very good on the Focus S especially when you use the "auto-correct" feature of Windows 7 that does a great job of white balancing for indoor lighting and increasing contrast for outdoor shots.  Don't miss this feature when playing with the phone.The overall weight, like everything Samsung builds, is in a class by itself as far as lightness.  Compared to an iPhone 4 (which is a tank) this Focus S is so light that when you walk around, even in sweats, you don't feel it pulling your pants down.  There's nothing I hate worse than feeling a phone or heavy object in my pocket while walking.  I'll end up pulling it out, and then be stuck carrying a brick around with me.  Which is reason enough, by itself for me to not seek out an iPhone or some of the gigantic HTC phones.The media seems to enjoy bashing Windows Phones and love everything ever produced by Apple or Google.  Don't be fooled.  Every said how bad the XBox was when it came out, and look at it now.  Read the reviews here and come to your own conclusions.  The Windows ecosystem is a winner and time will prove that.  Microsoft is not a company that is going to go away either, not that they need to do more to Mango to make it better.  It already is.  But, realize they have the wherewithal to stick it out and win in this space, and they will keep throwing money at it and making it better and better.  Their app store, for example, gives the highest amount of money back to the developers.  Higher than both Apple and Android.  That is another example of the commitment they have to make this OS succeed.

I've used Android, I've used iOS, I've used Blackberry, and I can honestly say that I like Windows Phone better. It is a new OS, so yes it needed time to catch up to the other platforms in terms of apps. However at the time of this writing, there are over 50,000 apps in the marketplace with a rate of growth comparable to the iPhone when it was at this stage. The number of apps is quickly becoming a non-issue and many of the apps are better quality and more integrated into the user experience. The social network integration is fantastic on Windows Phone. Post on a friends wall, retweet to your followers, update your status, and more all without ever opening an app, it's all built in. Of course if you want to use the Facebook, Twitter, or other app, those are there too, but you can't beat the built-in integration. Other high points: Zune integration, Xbox Live, Office. I was already a Zune subscriber (only $10/mo), so I can stream or download any song, anytime to my phone. I stream music on my way to work every day, put on a smart playlist, or play a new featured album. I love it! Xbox Live is awesome. Office is great to have as well. I use One Note every day, and I love that I can type myself a note at work online, and I'll have it right there on my phone when I need it. The calendar is phenomenal as well: Facebook events are integrated as are birthdays. It syncs flawlessly with Hotmail as well, so I can add something to my schedule and it's there online or vice-versa. I could go on and on about this phone, but I feel this is getting rather long. Get a Windows Phone, you won't be disappinted. Oh, and one more thing. My Windows Phone has never glitched, froze, crashed, etc. My prior handset, an Android, would glitch out and freeze so often that I would want to throw it against a brick wall.

I've been an iPhone user since the original and have owned 7 of those beasts. For work I've been using a Gingerbread Android phone for the past six months and found it a very poor experience compared to the iPhone. It's just not a very good mobile OS. Now I've gone down the path of trying Windows 7, and I am shocked that I like this so much. I feel weird for saying this, but the Windows Mango OS is just better than the iPhone. The Samsung Focus S appears to be the best hardware for the OS, so this is, in my mind, the best cell phone on the market today from AT&T.;How is Mango better than iOS? Email is WAY better. It's more intuitive, takes fewer clicks to get common tasks done, and it just looks better. The IE (please sit down) browser in Mango is better than Mobile Safari--it's faster and the way it handles tabs and bookmarks is better (imho). Sites render as you would expect them to look. Contact integration with Facebook is extraordinary. You think your address book is complete until you launch your Windows phone for the first time. You'l find contact information that you've never known you had access to thanks to Facebook profile information being automatically pulled in. I could go on, but in my experience, the Windows phone is just a little bit better than iOS and heads and shoulders better than Android. Finally, the entire OS integrates with social media, so it is a thing of beauty to easily share anything and everything.One additional note: One of the frurstations with former iPhone users who move to Android is that the apps are just not as good as their iPhone counterparts. The best RSS reader in the Android marketplace wouldn't make the top five in the iPhone app store, and that pattern is repeated again and again. I was shocked again when I found that was absolutely not the case with the Windows marketplace. The apps in the Windows marketplace are just as good (although not really better) than those in the iPhone app store.As it is, my family still clings to their iPhones, and they are grudgingly coming to see my Windows phone as "pretty good," but as a steady user of iPhone, Android, and Windows, this is the best OS.As to the hardware, the Samsung Focus S hums along and is snappier than the iPhone 4 in launching apps and navigating them. The camera takes much better pictures than my iPhone 4, and the dedicated camera button is a life saver when you want to take a quick photo. The fact that the video player also has a lot of options, from zooming to activating the flash, is also a welcome change. The flash is so bright, however, that in very dark conditions it washes out the photo for the most part. This is generally pretty easy to fix in the Samsung Photo Studio app, but it's annoying regardless.I live in Dallas, which is an exceptional AT&T; market, so I didn't expect nor did I have any problems with calls. Dallas is also a HSPA (AT&T;'s 3G+ or "4G" data network), and the data speeds are noticably faster than standard 3G phones like the iPhone.All in all, I think I've seen the OS future of mobile, and it's being produced by Microsoft. The Samsung iteration is one of the best out there, and the Focus S is the flagship. HIGHLY recommend.

Ok I've tried and played with most of latest smartphones out there but everything about this phone is truly amazing! I seriously can't even find a single thing I don't like about this phone! Its incredibly thin, feels great in hand, amazing screen, simple to use, very reliable, fast, super smooth OS, and my favorite features and apps are all there. I heard some are complaining about phone being too plasticy but to be honest if you ever owned a iPhone 3GS this phone has very same build quality feel but even nicer since its 35% thinner and bigger screen. Battery is outstanding in its class of high-end smartphones, for all the speed and smooth experience it provides. It works great with my company's email exchange server and I love Office 2010 on the phone. I would recommend this phone to anybody. If you are completely new to smartphones this is a great place to start because how easy to use and reliable it is. If you are a professional this phone offers by far best email, Office, and messaging solution out there.

The Samsung Focus S is easily the best phone or smartphone I have ever owned or tried. The Super AMOLED+ screen is gorgeous with true blacks that make the bright colors stand out all the more. I definitely recommend using the dark theme on this device to take full advantage of that. The 8MP camera is great for taking snapshots of my newborn son, and I love the fact that they get automatically uploaded to the cloud so I don't have to worry about losing them. I also use it to record HD video. The front-facing camera is a very nice plus and works well for video calls. A lot of other phones have only a VGA front-facing camera which looks grainy, but not the Focus S.If you have a wireless network at home you can set up wireless syncing with Zune and then you almost never need to connect your phone to your PC (only for software updates). Podcasts, music, and videos get synced every night automatically while the phone is charging, and of course you can download items from the marketplace directly from the phone on demand, too.The Windows Phone OS is the most intuitive and powerful smartphone OS out there, and like I mentioned above, very fun to use. Though there are less apps available than on Android or iOS, all the important ones (in my opinion) are available, plus a lot of Windows Phone exclusives. Having Office built-in is extremely useful. My wife and I keep OneNote notebooks in the cloud where we can access them from our phones as well as any browser. Shopping lists, family records...we actually even planned our wedding via SkyDrive! No more emailing attachments around or tring to find a computer so you can view/edit a spreadsheet or Word document. Other exclusives: Xbox Live gaming, Zune subscription support (also highly recommended).This phone is amazingly quick with the 1.4GHz processor. Games and multi-tasking are very smooth. Battery life is also much improved over my previous phone (LG Optimus 7) despite the larger screen and faster speed. Also, this phone is ridiculously light-weight! At first when you pick it up you will think you forgot to put the battery in or something. This might bother you if you like a really heavy, solid feel in a phone, but I prefer it this way. Definitely makes it easier on the wrist if you're doing a lot of reading or gaming in one sitting and can't easily switch hands, such as while holding an infant at 2AM. :) I highly recommend the Samsung Focus S.

I feel like iOS was a real game changer. It said, "Hello, welcome to the 21st century."Windows Phone comes along and says, "Welcome to century 21.1."That is, iOS feels like it belongs in the last decade, and the Windows Phone design is where we're currently at in this second decade of the 21st century.As for this particular phone, even though it's got a bigger screen and is a bit taller, it's lighter than the iPhone.The pixel density at ~217 pixels per inch, is pretty good. It's not as high as Apple's Retina display (around 326 ppi), but tremendously better than the 3GS's 163 ppi. 54 pixels may not sound like a lot, but on the whole it's about a 25% improvement. Combined with the Super AMOLED Plus techonology, we get the tremendous visual improvements.I once read the reason that Apple keeps a 3.5" display is because the average human hand is too small for anything bigger. Trust me, that is absolutely ridiculous. 4.3" is so much better. You'll actually use the web browser on this screen.The phone is very fast and snappy. I need to switch between English and Japanese keyboards often, and this was really slow in iOS 5. There was a tap-delay. On Windows Phone, the keyboards switch instantly. It's the little things like this that add up.The battery life is very good. I don't have any numbers but I think the auto-brightness setting really does a good job at maxing out battery life. It should definitely last all day.I have been having a problem with the camera not detecting that I'm holding it to my ear, and my cheek keeps pressing the speakerphone button.

This is nice phone! I have been using WP 7 for sometime now. I just upgraded to Focus S. People talked about WP do not have enough apps? well.. may be for some people, but not so mcuh for me.. The phone is very solid easy to use. My sister uses Android. To me, they are great toy and fun. Practical and smart user interface?  WP7 is very solid phone and has very smart interface. Focus S is probaly the best WP7 at this moment. Soon, Nokia 900 will be avaialbe with similler spec with cool Nokia Drive - GPS. Till the Nokia 900 is avaiallbe, Focus S is the one you should get...BTW: if you want to use 3G SIM, you will need to download wireless Manager from Samsung Zone from Marketplace and change APN setting to 3G, then you can still use 3G SIM, you do not need to get 4G SIM (ATT store told me that I need to get 4G SIM and give up 3G unlimited Data)

Right out of the box, I synced my accounts all into this phone and haven't had to update anything about my contacts, updates, or calendar. These were all brought together seamlessly. In addition the battery has been keeping up with the downloads, apps running, pictures, and calls for days now.It's super slim even with the protective case I have & sounds great. These speakers blare over the crowd, my favorite shows and music.I have the battery saver option to automatically reduce battery use at 10%I've had other windows phones but this one takes the cake. In flat competitions with other Windows smart phones side by side the Focus S won hands down in voice, data, built in tools, and ease of use/portability.

I have been using Android phone for a while and when I got this windows phone I'm amazed at its dynamic live tiles, display and it is so beautiful and lively.Excellent hardware and smooth os. Love this windows phone.

Great hardware to run the next evolution of smart phones.  Take the looks of the highly successful Android Samsung Galaxy S2, make it thinner and lighter, include a Super Amoled Plus Display, and have it run a highly optimized fast Microsoft metro UI.  Windows Phones are just over a year old and they are already better than the much older Androids and Iphones.  They are not perfect but overall offer a better way to use a phone.  In November of 2011 Windows phones won the Operating System of the Year which was judged at the 2011 Know Your Mobile Awards.The most important thing about a smart phone should be security, and that in itself should exclude any and all Androids.  According to data from Juniper Networks in November of 2011, malware in the Android Market had jumped 472 percent since July of 2011.  Unlike Microsoft and Apple, Google does not have a strict approval process in place for its Market. Web surfing with IE9 also offers the best protection against social engineering malware, according to test results released in August of 2011 by NSS.  Windows phones use IE9 which blocks over 99%.  IE9 left the scores of competing browsers in the dust.  Google's Chrome, for example, was 13.2 percent, while Firefox 4 and Safari 5 was a 7.6 percent.Windows phones are amazing and this phone really makes the Metro UI fast!  For those of you new to windows phones let me briefly write down what I love about them.1: Large Live Tiles!  These tiles can flip and display information such as the weather in a city on one side and a Doppler radar image on the other.  You can (with the some apps) customize your own tile to include pictures, text, and links to web pages.  Tiles just offer so much more than icons and they are a lot more organized than Android widgets.2: Xbox Live!  With Microsoft's eco system, you can expect everything from email, to the PC, to Xbox to be blended together.  Take for example the games Kinectimals and Fable Coin Golf.  Those games allow you to transfer game info into the Xbox 360!  You can also transfer your Xbox 360 Kinectimals to the Windows Phones.  What I love about Xbox Live on the Phone is that you can see all the games your friends are playing via their Avatar and compare and compete.  I don't have to for example load Angry birds to check out the leader boards; Xbox Live shows me the achievements for all the games!  As a bonus you can watch your friend's avatars get upset when you have something they don't!  The Avatars also perform some fun displays in Windows Phones.  For example you can shake the phone and watch your avatar fall down. Lol. =)3: Vision button! I love this feature.  Go to a store such as Wal-Mart and press the vision button to find the item on the internet.  You can then compare prices and or read reviews.  It works as a barcode reader as well.  The vision thing works great for games locked up behind glass that doesn't give access to a bar code.4: Music button!  Hear a song on the radio or at a club and press the button to have it found.  You can then download it if you would like.  Works like Shazam which you can also purchase in the app store if you would like.5: Local Scouts!  Now this is handy!  Press the local scouts button to see what's around you.  You can find places to eat and drink, see things to do, shop, and find highlights.  Click on something and find all the information you need including phone numbers and directions.  Directions can also be read aloud.6: Speech:  A lot of talk has been around Iphones Siri but let me tell you that Windows Phones have awesome built in voice features too.  Hold down the speech button for example and say weather or weather in .... And it will show you either the 5 day weather forecast in your area or the city you asked for.  Say text or call someone in your contacts and it will call or text them what you say.  Say Open .... And it will launch the application with that name.  When you receive text messages you have the option to have them read aloud too.  It's simple works great.7: People Hub:  I love this feature as well.  All of your contacts will list every possible way for you to contact someone in your hub.  You can text, call, email, tweet, facebook etc.  You can see have addresses, web pages, and more listed in the people hub.8: Threads:  Threads are cool.  You could be texting someone on Facebook, then switch to texting their phone if you would like.9: Groups:  Group your friends in the people hub you would like.  Create a family group, club group, golf group etc.10: MS email:  Create a Live.com email and have all your contacts and Xbox live information displayed on your pc.  You can then from there locate your phone, make it ring, lock it, or even erase it.  You can also check out your skydrive and Xbox Live information.11: Calendar:  Have your facebook and work calendar placed on your phone.  Quickly let everyone know that you are going to be late for a meeting if need be.  See what's going on even on your lock screen.12: Zune:  I love Zune.  Yes you can use spotify if you would like, but I find Zune so much better.  If you choose to pay a monthly fee you can listen to all the music you want.  If not, that's ok because it will still play all the songs and videos you placed on your phone with ease.  Just plug your phone into your PC and you can transfer all the music, pictures, and videos to and from your pc you want.  When playing music you can see the artist, bio, and sort in a variety of ways.  You can even play a playlist with the artist pictures on the lockscreen. =)13: MS Office:  This was better than I thought.  OneNote is cool in that you have the ability to record a voice message, place pictures, text, and a subject line on a tile and pin it to your start screen if you would like.  PowerPoint works perfect too.  I could view stuff from my work on my phone.  Word and Excel are not too bad either. =)14: Search: I love the search button using Bing on the phone.  I can use voice and talk away and find what I'm looking for if I would like.  I can see images, web pages, connect with local scouts, see a mall in detail etc.  Bing interacts with all the features of the phone.  I can't see myself ever needing to use Google again.15: Maps: I love the maps feature of this phone as well.  I can get directions to practically anywhere and have it read to me if I wanted.  The Map detail is amazing and it also displays traffic.  As mentioned earlier, Bing has maps for malls as well.16:  Apps: This phone has plenty of apps now (over 40,000!) that can match most of what you can get on the older iphones and androids now.  You can choose from just about anything including a contact barcode maker that someone can scan and import into their contacts for example. You will have plenty of free apps as well.17: Picture albums: FB and Skydrive albums automatically load to your phone.  You can also load your friends FB pictures to your phone as well.  This is so much better than loading pictures every time I use FB.18: Cards: Hold the back key and see the last 5 things you were in.19: at&t;:  One of the cool things about this network is that you can place someone on speaker phone and use your phone at the same time.  Your text messages are not broken up into 160 letter paragraphs either. =)20: Camera: I love the 8mp camera on this phone.  It takes good pictures and best of all you can access it when the screen is locked.In conclusion this phone is a great and I'm sure will make any previous Iphone or Android user happy.  It does so much more than what I briefly wrote about.  This phone doesn't really lock up either; something I hear is very common with Androids.  I hope this review helps whoever is interested in buying this phone or a Windows phone in general.  Thanks for taking the time to read it.

I read many reviews here before making the decision to purchase this phone, I work in the IT industry, and I am probably the last hold out in my department to stay on the feature phone, my expectation of a phone is to use it easily and conveniently to stay in touch, I am not interested in using phone to watch TV, playing games, that said, I found this phone does not fulfill my expectation.Start with the user interface, it really force you to adopt to the tile layout of the interface, you almost have no other way to get around from one function to another, if you are in a browser, you need to make a phone call, you have to bring the tile up then press the phone, then make the call. If the phone number is not in the history calls you made, another button, you need to press to bring up the phone directory or dial pad to dial he number, it is nightmarish if you try this in the dark, as the  key is not lighted, you end up trying several times before you can even start to make a call.One thing I absolutely hate it in this phone is the Microsoft Bing search button, it is right there in the lower front panel, next to the windows pan button, it is sensitive, and you can inadvertently bring this search page up, and you have no intention to, which just makes your life difficult, especially you are on the go and you want to make a quick phone call.The lay out of the side button for camera activation is another aggravating point of this phone, it is right there where you held your phone, and if you grab your phone and sometimes, it just turn on the camera, you lost whatever you are doing at the time, bad design.On top of it, the battery life is not good, I do not think I am a typical heavy user of the phone, with one day use, my battery bar is down to 50%, I almost have to charge the phone constantly in a daily basis.This is straightly out of my own user experience owing this phone almost a month now, there are other minor inconvenient points that I consider just not worth of mentioning comparing with the above user interface experience, overall, not a very good phone.** 6/19/2012 Follow upI confirm my review prior, the battery life is seriously deficient, with light to medium use (check email, read email, no web or gaming) the battery will not last more than 2 days, I almost have to re-charge battery every night.** 7/6/2012 second follow upI still upheld my original observation and comment, the phone's interface has its own quirkiness, if you are Microsoft fan, and you really like the Microsoft ways (like Bing search around every corner), on your face marketing, this cell phone is a good choice for you, I have been using this phone for a while, I am getting used to it, but I certainly have my opinion of the tile motive and swipe action of the phone, sometimes, it just does not give you the things you want quickly (e.g. if you want to get to your address book from your phone, you have to go through the recent called entries, then follow by pressing the little icon at the bottom of the screen called address book), because of the "fancy" tile interface, there is no other way you can invoke your phone function by looking at your address book first. The phone itself functions well enough, and Amazon buying experience is great, my first phone develop a hair line crack, Amazon just replaced it for me, no question asked, what a service! I will add back one star for that.** 9/1/2012 third follow upnow, I have more time with the phone from hardware point of view, the battery life of this phone is not very good, I have to charge everyday, will definitely not able to last for more than 3 days of use, I do not consider myself use this phone heavily, do not make a lot of phone calls, occasionally check my email and calendar, I do not even exceed the basic AT&T; minimum data plan, but the phone needs to be charged everyday.** 3/29/2013I am on my second one of this phone, the first one developed a hair line crack on the screen, I have not dropped it but noticed this after I got the phone for several months, Amazon replaced the phone and it is very nice of them to do this.Continue to use this Windows 8 phone, now it starts to catch up with more users, I still think the phone itself (SamSung) is not of highest quality, and it is a little bit dated both in the screen size and battery usage time, I looked at a few other choices, I think Nokia and HTC are better.

I have never been a fan of Samsung products.  I owned the original Focus and had several issues with it, so I was skeptical about the new version, but since the Titan was just too darned big, I when with the Focus S.  I've been very happy with it.  It's slim, the screen is gorgeous, the processor is speedy, the battery life is well within acceptable ranges and the camera is on par with other 8 mps on the market.  It's not a game changer of a phone, but as far as a Windows Phone vehicle goes, you're not going to find much better.As for Windows 7.5 (Mango), it's everything I've ever wanted in a non-iPhone.  Enough said.

I have owned many phones in my lifetime and this is by far the most enjoyable phone I've ever owned. Compared to the iPhone 3GS, HTC Surround and iPhone 4 the Focus S wins hands down on screen quality, speed, ease of use, features and design.The Super AMOLED is amazing and addicting to look at. Colors are bright, vibrant and blacks are truly deep, deep black. At 4.3 inches it is large enough to enjoy games and movies but small enough to fit comfortably in your pocket.While some phones have dual core processors and still seem laggy, the Focus S is responsive and never lags. Windows Phone is optimized to run blazing fast on even 1.0Ghz chips and this phone has 1.4Ghz. Speed is never an issue.The design is sleek, light and attractive. It's incredibly thin, even thinner than the iPhone 4s. The only downside is the flimsy, seemingly fragile battery cover. It never poses an issue but just has a cheap "feel" to it - but only when removing or replacing it.Call quality is excellent. Every call I've made has been clear and loud, though I'm sure coverage may vary.The camera is also above average. There is very little noise artifacts in low light. In daylight the pictures are excellent. The camera even has an HDR option.If you're coming from iOS or Android and want a refreshing change from static icons and dull widgets, this is a great phone to make the switch with. Windows Phone may not have 500,000 apps but 40,000 is enough to cover everything you need. The UI is attractive, easy to learn and never gets boring to look at. The phone feels alive with live tiles and Facebook/Twitter/Xbox Live integration. Having native Office apps is also a huge plus.

Fabulous screen, thin and light.  Great OS, just needs a few more apps to make the move over, but that will be happening soon thanks the Microsoft/Nokia juggernaut that is going to be spending much cash to make sure everything gets taken care of in the next few months.Battery life could still use a boost, but hey I can easily pop off the back and drop in a fully charged spare and I'm back in business.  Not an option with my previous iPhone 3GS.Everyone raves about the iPhone and the Droids, but the really innovative interesting entertaining platform is now Windows Phone 7.

Love this phone! The OS is simply easier to use (and more FUN to use) than either iPhone or Android. This phone is fast, light, bright & sexy. People can't believe how light it is! And, in my opinion, the sleek design makes the iPhone look dated & clunky. I highly recommend this phone to anyone who's willing to take a chance & march to the beat of their own drum. You won't be disappointed. I'm even considering buying one for my mom.

I switched from blackberry to iphone to Windows7 (Samsung Focus S).  I greatly prefer the Windows interface.  I am a heavy MS Office user so was surprised at the difficulty of integrating with Outlook/Live/SkyDrive; iCloud was a much easier set up.However, what has me most upset is that I can not find a replacement screen.  I have called several companies that specialize in broken screen repair and have searched online, but there is no replacement screen inventory.  So, if you are unlucky to have your phone drop a foot, you can expect this very fragile phone to break.  Mine broke a 2 days after warrenty and AT&T; would not replace.  When I bought the phone the sales clerks apologized they did not have any covers.  So warning, you may be out several hundred bucks on as the Samsung slips out of your hand....Good luck!!!!Unhappy Samsung Focus S (SGH-i937) Owner

For years I felt like Mel Gibson in Braveheart, waiting and waiting for the right moment. I've been wanting to get a smartphone, but never found one that was Just Right. Not the Google Nexus, not the iPhone, and not the first generation Windows Phones. Then I saw this little baby and it was love at first sight. Now three weeks later my delight with the phone has just grown. Other reviews have gone into all the details, I just wanted to add my opinion that at this moment in time this is the best phone in the known universe!

Pros:Excellent MS office integrationsuper graphics gamesWell thought Mango features (I will be late to meeting button is a lifesaver!)Excellent vibrant screenGood battery lifeCons:Less number of Apps than Android or Apple. Skype is missing!Hardware assumes 3.5mm pins always have mic which is a problem when connecting to car audio. Samsung acknowledges it is hardware issue specific to focus S.Night Pictures are too dark compared to focus. (I think this is because timing issue between camera click and flash.

I have had, well pretty much you name one of androids phones. I have never had a phone perform as well as this one. All the androids I always hade to do reboots, master resets at times, and in general freeze frames etc. And I'm talking about top of the line androids (They are junk!). Google will just push out anything as fast as possible. They Do Not give two craps about you or me. And this expecially includes there developers!!! Shocker!! Well I know because I was one of them and I will not ever be again. I starting developing applications for windows now. Once windows releases there true finished products they are going to be great. (Not some quick make a buck now sinario being done by android right from the start)Windows is going to devistate the android world!! I hope you don't have any GOOG stocks!!! This will start happening real soon to a planet near you! Thanks for your time and I truly hope this helps you make a easier descision! :-)Since I had left this review, I have now bought my wife one and she feels the same about it. There just simply the best phones!

After switching from old Windows Mobile(5.x/6.x) devices to iPhone years ago, I was really hesitant to give Microsoft another chance. After 1 month of using the Focus S, I can honestly say that I'm really glad I gave them that second chance. This phone is simply the best phone I've ever used. The user interface is unique, refreshing, simple and super SMOOTH. I love the dedicated hardware camera button and the screen is absolutely gorgeous. I'm not a huge fan of the light, plastic(y) feel (compared to iPhone) but I am adjusting.The fact that my wife, an avid iPhone user is even considering Windows Phone as her next...speaks volumes (to me at least)FYI - I originally purchased a Galaxy SII Skyrocket to replace the iPhone but returned/exchanged it (for the Focus S) after only a week (see below). Also, Amazon Wireless customer service also gets 5 stars for the exchange process.Galaxy SII Skyrock Review[...]

While most people will probably be looking at the iPhone 4s or a comparable Android, this phone is a true competitor with an OS that not only beats Android but stands toe-to-toe with the iOS 5.First off the AMOLED screen is beautiful and there's lots of it. The 8MP rear camera also impresses. The star of the show is of course the Windows Phone OS which is quick, accessible and less "appy" than iOS or Android. You need less touches and apps to get more done, as many tasks are consolidated into a few hubs. It's a highly underrated OS that really has grown to be an awesome choice to choose.Also there's a lot of features that you may otherwise miss such as Microsoft Office, Xbox-live built-in, wi-fi, tethering, a front-facing camera, multi-tasking, really fast 4G data speeds, still a lot of apps, live tiles, nice speaker, Netflix, beautiful yet functional user interface, solid glass screen, no freezing or stuttering and a lot more.There are a few downsides. The build quality is definately solid, but uses a bit too much plastic to shed the weight. Though in its credit it does feel very light and thin. Also this phone only has 16GB of free space for music, videos etc. The old Samsung Focus had an expandable micro-SD slot so one could have around 40GB of memory. The omission of this slot and the lack of a lot of built-in memory is unfortunate. Though 16GB is competitive and is more than all the other Windows Phones.Overall this phone is quite good; Samsung never disapoints. I can show it off to those snotty iPhone users and it trumps the Android phones. The OS is sleek and more stylish and attractive than its competitors and the large screen shows it all off. If you're looking for a great phone with a great OS and a nice alternative to the vanilla iPhone and Android, don't miss the Samsung Focus S.

This has been a great phone with a truly innovative user interface, unlike the "Windows 3.0" desktop/icon interfaces employed by the iPhone and most Android devices.  The "live tiles" are a nice feature.  I have AT&T and the voice quality is much better than with the Apple iPhone 3GS I had before.  I highly recommend this phone.  The iPhone 3GS I had before was a strong media player but a so-so phone at best.  Microsoft needs to do a better job of marketing.  I can't believe these aren't more popular yet.

This is a really good phone, if you are thinking about it don't think anymore and just get it. The pics and vids are great, the screen is flawless. Bing Navigation is really cool, you don't need to pay for the AT&T; service Bing performs really good. And what I liked the most is the integration with the social apps.:)

It's a solid and fantastic phone, what else can I say? MUCH longer battery life than Android, the interface is beautiful and really super easy to use.  One of the best phones I have ever used!

NOTE. - I have this phone on AT & T Active since March 2012, ie 6 months of use.Just one. - Bad - bad - signal reception (4G). Everywhere outside, in an area of perfect coverage, never got all stripes showed me good signal strength. Indoors, disastrous reception.  2. - Reheat in a moderately long duration call - and if it is long lasting - Total overheating. 3. - I'm a fan of Microsoft, so I like the Windows Phone operating system - or so I thought - but after seeing repeatedly that many of the different services or pages on the Web, do not have the ability to download (APP) for Windows Phones, I felt disappointed. I looked that Android is much, much more positioned to the Windows Phone operating system. It is perceived too. Many of the applications downloaded from MarkePlace for Windows Phones do not work. Get assistance for small applications is even more difficult. I really want to quickly withdrawing waste my time and effort into that. 4. - The speaker sounds terribly. The person receiving the call does not sound good reception when I speak of the Speaker and the reverse.Look, SAMSUNG is perhaps the best - it is possible - but I was wrong in this model from head to toe.

My last phone was the HTC Arrive, so I knew what to expect from the Windows Phone OS (which, by the way, is completely underrated).  As far as hardware is concerned, I am impressed.  The phone is thin, light, and has the best screen I've ever seen on a phone.  The Super AMOLED Plus display is bright and crisp; the best part is that the color black is so dark and deep.  I thought I would miss having the physical keyboard (the Arrive had a fantastic keyboard), but Microsoft has made an excellent virtual keyboard and the fact that it's a 4.3" screen makes typing a breeze.  The only thing that I would change is the placemnet of the external camera button; I would move it down a half inch or so.  Yeah, when that's the only thing I can be picky about changing... the phone is pretty amazing.

I have wanted a Windows Phone since they first came out last year but I was stuck in my iPhone 4 contract so couldn't upgrade. Last night I finally took the plunge and purchased the Samsung Focus S and I couldn't be happier. I have spent only about 24 hours with the phone so far but wanted to post my thoughts quickly so anyone considering this purchase will have another opinion to go on.Build:The phone is very, very light and thin but sturdy and doesn't feel cheap at all. It has a nice textured back that makes the phone easy to grip though I do wish it had a more rubberized feeling to it as it does slide around on my desk a bit. The power/sleep button is located on the right hand side of the phone along with a dedicated camera button which is very handy.  On the left side of the phone is the volume rocker. All the buttons have a great feel to them. Below the screen on the three mandatory Windows Phone buttons; back, home and search. Holding the back button down will bring up the multitasking window while the search button brings you to the integrated Bing search which is fantastic. There is only 16GB of storage and no expansion slot so what you see is what you get. It won't be an issue for me as I used a 16GB iPhone for the last year and half plus you get 25GB of cloud storage on your Skydrive if you need to offload some pics and documents.Screen:The super amoled plus screen is spectacular. I was a bit worried that since the resolution is only 800x480 that it may not be as impressive as my iPhone 4 retina display but I can safely say that the Focus S has an equal if not superior screen to the iPhone 4. The reason I think is that the super amoled plus screen is just so vibrant and colorful that viewing it next to the iPhone just makes its screen look dull and lifeless. To be fair, the text is definitely sharper on the iPhone 4 but it was only obvious when I was looking for differences. You will have no issues at all reading the text on the Focus S.Windows Phone OS:I absolutely love this OS. It feels like the future. After using Windows Phone for a while and then going back to iOS 5.0 I felt like I stepped in to a time warp and landed back in 1995. Apple needs to step up its game and get a more modern OS out there because the more people experience Windows Phone OS the more people are going to fall in love with and be convinced that this is the next generation OS. The live tiles on the home screen are just so useful I can't believe I lived all these years without them. I have all family and friends at my fingertips and I can quickly peak to see what people are up to without having to dig through screens of icons looking for an app to launch. Brilliant. The Live tiles are something you need to experience for yourself as describing how cool and useful they are is a bit difficult. Rest assured you will love them. The entire home screen is fully customizable too. Whatever tiles you want in whatever order you want them. You can even change the color theme of the tiles too. Overall and outstanding OS so far.Speed:The Focus S comes with a 1.4 GHz single core processor. Uh oh, single core? Don't all the new Android and iPhones have dual cores? Sure they do but with Windows Phone a dual core processor is just a waste of precious battery life. This OS is not a resource hog at all and the phone zips along faster than my iPhone 4. I haven't once done anything on the phone that bogged it down. This OS is a nimble champion and I am very pleased with its performance.Camera:I havent used the camera much yet but I took a couple of pics from my balcony today that looked pretty good. The camera felt fast and didnt hesitate too long between pictures. There is a cool auto fix feature that will let the phone adjust the pic which can be quickly undone if you do not like the results. I will try and add more to this after I use it more.Marketplace:I believe the marketplace now has over 30,000 apps. While that pales in comparison to Apple's and Google's app markets I have found that just about every app I used on iOS has a Windows Phone version. I would say that the Windows Phone versions of these apps are more elegant then their iOS counterparts. There is just something about the way these apps present themselves that make them very easy and intuitive to use. You will find plenty of games too and many will be XBOX Live games which will integrate perfectly with your XBOX 360 account if you have one. It is pretty cool to see my avatar and info from my 360 on my phone and it just brings all my entertainment together in to one ecosystem.I can't think of anything else to write about at the moment but I am sure I will be back to add more to this review as I play with this phone more. Please feel free to leave any questions you may have in the comments below my review and I will try and answer them as soon as I can.I highly recommend this phone!!

If you liked the Samsung Focus, this is a great upgrade.  It is everything that was good about the Samsung Focus plus a bunch of improvements.Best part for me is the bigger screen.  This is especially true because I have big hands. FWIW, Apple has kept the iPhone small so that even people with really tiny hands can use it one handed.  But if you have bigger fingers (e.g. a lot of guys) the iPhone is just too small.  Not only does the small size of the iPhone make it hard to use for some people, a lot of older people I know say the small size of the iPhone makes it hard to easily see icons and other information.  The big screen on the Focus S combined with Windows Phone 7 Metro user interface with the easy-to-see-at-a-glance tiles makes this Focus S super easy to read and use.The crazy part is that the phone isn't overall much larger than the Samsung Focus even though the screen is quite a bit bigger.  The Samsung Focus S still fits in Levis jeans back pocket.  In fact it is so thin it actually fits better.Battery life is improved, speed is better, camera is better, and it has a compass and a front camera for conferencing. About the only thing not as good as the Focus is that the Focus S doesn't have flash expansion.

Pros:1) The OS. I've been using this for a month now and it's simply a joy to use. I grew tired of the static grid of apps on my iPhone and gave this a shot after a ton of research between windows phone and android. It feels more personal and lively, not cold. The highlights off the top of my head are:- Wireless automatic syncing. With zune software, any changes that I make to my photo, music, video library are automatically synced to the phone when I'm on my home wifi and plugged in to charge.- Automatically downloads podcasts. I wasn't into podcasts before getting this phone, but it's so easy and free. When I'm bored at work I go into my podcasts and there's a few (you can specify how many) Adam Carolla podcasts there waiting for me.- Seamless social integration. Super quick to "link" contacts, i.e. my contacts are a mess with duplicates, facebook, twitter, etc., but click a button and its organized. By going into my address book I can check out everything about what my friends are up to. Click on Steve and there's our emails, sms, phone calls, his status updates, posts, and facebook pics all right there.- Multi-tasking works like a charm.  Don't need to think about it ala Android.  Recently used apps are visible in large thumbnails of how it looked last time i was there. The OS manages things well too, so no need to force-close.- Livetiles give it life. For example, I have a contact group for my family pinned to the start page.  It flips through their pictures, and when someone posts a new status, the tile flips over and shows it.  flips back over to pictures, flips again to the next update.  flips to pictures, then flips over to say that one of them sent me a text.  its such a small detail but it makes it feel personal.- People complain about app selection compared to ios or android. The first thing I want to say about this is that you wont need or want as many apps with windows phone because a lot of the functionality that requires separate apps on the other OS's is already built in. You don't need a facebook, twitter, barcode scanner, music identifier, etc. because the OS already has those features and they work seamlessly. The apps that you will want are for the most part already available and of a higher standard due to the existence of a unified interface language.2) The screen.  It's an OLED (organic light emitting diode) which means that each pixel is its own light source, so blacks are actually black, in contrast to LCD's which use a backlight.  I bring this up because the OS theme is almost exclusively white text on black, so it just looks so sexy, especially in the dark when the text lights up and you can't even see where the screen starts or ends.  Add the subtle transition animations and its just silky.Cons:1) Slight static in between tracks while using headphones, not a deal-breaker.2) All plastic construction, could be higher quality. It does make it really light though, whether you like that or not.3) No Adobe flash support. A big draw in android's favor for me, but flash is being phased out on mobile anyway, with Adobe discontinuing mobile flash development. Conversely, HTML-5 on windows phone is really good.4) Better notification system with the pull-down tray for android and the recent ios update.I can get into all the other things I like about this phone (8mp cam, decent battery life, web-browsing, gps, xbox live, etc), but these are just the highlights that I feel separate this phone from it's competitors with android or ios.  I realize this mainly covers the OS, but at this point phone hardware is becoming less of an issue than the software in terms of user experience.  I give this phone an edge over its HTC counterpart (the Titan) due to its more manageable size and OLED screen.  I highly recommend this phone to anyone.  I can guarantee you that if microsoft had anything like apple's marketing prowess, things would be different for the popularity of this OS right now. Or if apple had some of these features, they would be hyped and paraded much more effectively (like Siri). As it stands, I just wanted to do my part to voice my satisfaction with this product because I really hope it gets the support it deserves.  Hope this helps!

The FM radio is very very disappointing. I used to have no problem picking up my favorite stations with my old nokia or my old mp3 player, but now with this phone the radio signal is breaking all the time.Otherwise the phone works just fine.

I have been extremely happy with this phone. I have had it for about a month now.The casing is stable and sturdy. While the backing of the phone is a flimsy-feeling plastic, I have found it to be plenty strong, and it helps contribute to the extremely light weight of the phone (it hardly has any weight to it!)The screen displays brilliant colors and is very responsive. The speaker is also very good. I have been told that my calls sound "crystal clear" on the other end. No complaints on my end at all either.I really wouldn't have any hesitation recommending this to anyone wanting or considering a Windows Phone. It's sure to please, in my opinion.

I'm a huge gamer and love the XBox 360 so having this phone was like a slam dunk for the XBox live games. I have Hydro Thunder, Rise of Glory, and Need for Speed. The graphics are superb on this phone as a gaming device but what blows me away is the ability to multitask during gameplay!! I check my work email, respond to texts, and run other apps and can easily switch back to resume my game! The battery life also does much better on this phone than Android or iPhone for games.There are the other popular games too like Plants Vs Zombies, Angry Birds, and Fruit Ninja which all run much better than my iPhone did. There are so many other games I have just started exploring but it seems that Windows Phone must have done some XBox integration or something to make it so good.I think overall this phone seems to rock as a consumer gaming device but also works like a champ for email, Office, and enterprisey type stuff when I'm at work.Oh yeah, the Netflix app is the icing on the cake. I watched Tron Legacy in HD using the 4G network! SWEEEEET!Still discovering a lot of features in this phone that my iPhone didn't have. So far I haven't found anything missing. It seems that Windows Phone is really far ahead of the competition.

So let me first mention this, I am an apple fan. I have bought every single iPhone (including iPhone 4S) the day they became available. I use Macbook for work, iMac at home and of course iPads.BUT this phone rocks. I happened to try it because I got it from my company. I absolutely love it. The user interface is absolutely fluid. It is a different yet wholesome experience in terms of the user experience. Of course there are some limitations (inability to do screen captures) being the biggest one for me) but I love the windows phone cocnept. Windows Phone is truly a worthy competitor for iOS. Also the total integration of the social media is really impressive. Similarly native support for MS office documents is a real winner. WP& apps store has limited choice but I have access to the key apps that I use (Skype, Facebook, Adobe Reader, Spotify, Skydrive etc.)The quality of screen, size and the vividness is just impressive. Also the phone is really light and thin. It has survived multiple falls without any damage. I have been very impressed with the camera as well. I really like the touch to shoot function as well as the access to camera function from a locked screen.Bottomline. : I will never go back to using iPhone 4S. Now as for iPhone 5, well we will just need to compare it against the the upcoming WP8 phones.

Apple gets lots of accolades for producing really polish products. Having used the iPhone and now Windows Phone 7, this phone out-polishes the iPhone in many respects. The OS does exactly what I want a smartphone OS to do. No more, no less. WP7 understands that I use my phone 90% of the time in a certain set of tasks -- web, email, social networking, maps/local search, games, news. WP7 gives you a dead simple and amazingly fast way to use these features in a snap. Its main interface gives you a quick view of these primary smartphone uses and makes it crazy easy to get these kinds of things done fast and super easy. Even if the app selection is smaller than iOS or Androids, it doesn't matter, because for 90% of what I use my phone for, it simply outperforms the competition hands down.On top of that this phone is sleek, lightweight, and slim. Its display is gorgeous. The great performance out of WP7 gives you amazing battery life for a 4G phone (20 hours or so with heavy use). Netflix video looks amazing, and audio sounds great.Simply put this is the best phone I've ever seen. This might sound nuts, but I'm not sure humanity has made a better smartphone than this.

I am a current apple junkie.  I love the simpliity of their devices and OS's, that said I have to say I was pelasantly surprised when I got my hands on the Samsung Focus S.  I was looking to leave my iphone after 4 years with the various versions and I could not find a phone that really fit my needs.  I tried out the Samsung Galaxy S Epic whatever it's called and although I loved the hardware, the andriod operating system kind of sucked to me.  For my taste, it's "too customizable".  That may be OK for some but not for me.  I read a random review on windows phone 7 from one of the editors on CNET and it really intrigued me, but it wasn't until I got my hands on both the Focus S and the Titan that I was sold.  The concept of live tiles is so simple that it's awesome!!  I always hated having to always go from app to app to see things.  On WP7, I can see facebook, twitter, MSN, & XBox updates all from one screen!  Everything is super fast and the 4G is a big plus over the speeds on my iphone 4s which was incredibly slow for some reason.  Even when I tried the Samsung Galaxy S Android version, I loved how rich the screen was.  The super AMOLED screen pops on blacks, reds, and blues espcially.  The focus S was so light that I was scared I would break it but once I put a case on it, the extra weight made it feel more comfortable.  another concern I had was syncing my music/movies/podcasts but with the Zune interface it's seamless.  All in all this phone has given me a better experience thatn my iphone or android ever has.  Ifyou are a long time Android/IOS user then you are robably hesitant but Windows phone 7 is worthy try and Samsug has really knocked this try out the park.

This is a great phone. I had the older Samsung Focus and the front view camera as well as 4G and 16gb standard memory are all excellent enhancements. I got a gel case for this which is well worth it. I have dropped it several times, but thankfully, not glass side down against something hard. Bouncing on a rubber case has done this no harm.The main drawbacks of this phone, which are few, are its inability to raise the volume using a code like you could with the old Samsung Focus. The volume lacks punch when you hook this up to your car stereo from the headphone jack.The glass IS NOT gorilla glass. That is bad, the old Focus was.Also when playing from the headphone jack into an AUX input on car stereo there is a noticeable loud  pop sound between songs. Annoying but it is possible to get used to it.Windows 7.8 is great once you learn everything there is to know about it.The navigation with voice prompts is excellent though not as good as my Magellan Roadmate.The large screen display is clear and vibrant.I had some trouble texting using the touch screen but I have big thumbs and it is hard for me anyways.My favorite apps for this phone are &#34;Voice to Text&#34;, &#34;Shazam&#34;, &#34;Shop Savvy&#34;, and &#34;Metro Radio&#34; &#60;--must have if you like Pandora.

I simply love this phone. Amazing screen, great OS, and a surprising battery life. Some may say to go with the Titan because it is bigger, however I feel it is too big. That is a preference though. This phone is the perfect size. Could go on, but will keep the review short.Get This Phone!

This phone is just amazing,  best phone I have owned or tried thus far.Both the hardware and os do not disappoint and this is coming from an iPhone and android tablet (Motorola Xoom) user.Performance of this phone is awesome. For what I use this phone for which is what 99% of people do, I must admit that it runs as smooth if not better than the iPhone 4s which to me is now the standard for smart phones.No amount of explanation will do justice to how good/integated this OS is so just try it out for yourself preferably with help from a real windows phone user not those ignorant att reps.I am no loyalist, if Apple or Google or whoever comes out with something better I will not hesitate to switch when its time for an upgrade.All the apps I need are available but I will advise anyone trying to switch to windows phone 7 to always check since they don't have as many/all the apps as IOs and Android.

This phone is really the most intuitive user-friendly device I've ever used.  I've had Android (Gingerbread) and iPhone (iOS 4) and I find this phone to be more fun and easier to use than either of those.  If you want to do a few things on your phone (answer email, browse the web, order from Amazon, read on a Kindle, Netflix, text, etc) this is the phone to get.  If you use a lot of esoteric apps, then you'll probably prefer the versatility of Android or Apple.

This phone is AWESOME! WP7.5 is intuitive, although its UI needs refinements still; which I was counting on MS for future upgrade when I bought it. Today's WP8 announcement by MS confirmed ALL current WP7 devices CAN NOT upgrade to WP8, really Microsoft?! Talking about epic fail. Who in the right mind would code a OS without supporting legacy hardware? Microsoft would and did LOL. MS said WP7 device will get 7.8 upgrade which is WP8 like. That will be the last major update for all WP7 devices.Enough rants, I mainly use it to sync with Outlook via MS Office 365, which costs 6 bucks a month. You can also sync Outlook via MS Live, a "free" service like GMail. But like Google, MS Live has virtually no privacy. Everything you do with MS Live are subject to be scanned for marketing purpose.WP7 & MS Office 365 works surprisingly well, it's almost seamless. It's deal for small business owners who want to sync with Outlook & MS office. MS Office 365 monthly fee is actually very competitive, it offers feature like web app, web hosting, cloud service...etc.If you want to play HD games, then better wait for WP8 devices which will support multi-core CPU and high end mobile GPU.

As someone who used the original Samsung Focus, it's fantastic to see how they improved the phone for the Focus S. The phone is super thin and light, surprisingly so actually. It's a bit wide though, so check out the Focus Flash if you have smaller hands. The screen is fantastic with amazing contrast, and some of the best blacks I've ever seen on a cell phone. The processor is also very fast. There's almost no slowdown except in the most demanding of apps.The front facing camera is fantastic as well. I've used it in a few Tango video calls (just waiting for Skype now!).The OS itself is great to use. I love the Xbox Live integration. There's lots of good apps out there now too.I would highly recommend this phone.

This phone is by far the best phone I have ever had. I've had an iPhone 4, Blackberry, Palm Pre, Treos, etc. So much better.Pros:Excellent battery life, great camera, and the best screen of any phone. The OS, email app, Office, web browser, and hardware are fast and fluid.The on-screen keyboard is the best phone keyboard I have ever experienced, even better than the iPhone 4's. The built-in Facebook and Twitter integration is excellent too. Even the ringtones, sms alerts, etc sounds are really good.Also, I absolutely love the dedicated camera button. All cell phones should have one.Cons:The voice controls aren't as sophisticated as Siri on the iPhone 4S. I do use it to text pretty regularly, but that is about all it is useful for in this version of Windows Phone.

Finally, a phone my husband can handle and use and see.  Large screen, large buttons puts him back in communication with the world.  Even Windows 8 was easy for him to use and follow the menus and look up tutorials on his computer.  This was a real winner for him.
