
The phone was in wonderful shape, it was evident that the warehouse in which it kept was of good order. However it is noted that due to the extended period to which the phone was sitting in aforementioned warehouse it has done a number on the battery which shows lifecycle damage.

I had to replace my damaged phone so I purchased an exact replacement.  The phone received with the first shipment had a bad battery but the second phone works great.

DroidX MB810 gets hot with extended use, causing system lock-up and the need to reboot often by pulling battery...otherwise phone works within normal parameters...

Works absolutely great - My previous cell phone fell into the toilet and Verizon's replacement cost was ridiculous.  This phone is a perfect replacement and I received in earlier than I thought that  I would have.

The phone was good to activate as advertised but the battery really did suckin trying to hold a charge for more than one day with very little use.

have less than a month in the phone fried

Not wort tbe time and efort it took to buy and order this phone.. battery would not holvd a charge

Battery life is horrible. Phone looks nice but is very slow. Wish I would have waited. Wont load apps from the PlayStore.

Yes its a nice phone and it can be activated without a Verizon contract, and I do like the phone. However, the &#34;sneaky&#34; seller doesn't mention you need to buy a SD card in order to take pictures & videos. My phone arrived with no SD card, and I didn't know it was missing until I tried taking a picture. It's not a real big deal, the card I bought cost a modest $27; however I would prefer the retailer to be more honest. It's one factor all consumers consider when deciding if they want to continue doing business with a particular retailer.

Was exactly what it said it was. My mototola maxx got we so needed a replacement. I am very happy with the phone. And beings i live in hawaii, shipping sometimes takes awhile lol. Got this in 4 days. No complaints here.

Led light went out after 50 days. Big black circle in middle of phone that is growing daily. Took to Verizon store said it would be $150 to repair. More than the phone is worth. Battery life poor. Phone is slow.

PHONE SHOWS A LITTLE WEAR AND TEAR BUT BROUGHT A HARD COVER FOR IT AND YOU CANT TELL THAT IT WAS A USED PHONE. NO PROBLEMS WITH THE BATTERY AT ALL, OPERATING OF THE PHONE IS GREAT

My kids are having problems keeping their phones charged and now the internet isn't working.  Will try to find a telephone number to check on these problems.  They ordered the phones online a month ago.Thank you

My phone stop charging and my contract sai  i had 9 months untill my upgrade so after dealing with an hatefull htc incredible, I ordered this droid on the 9th and recived it on the 12th. So far i love it. And price was great.

Was not visible that this is a 3G phone on the website.but is a good phone other than that ....

at this time I Can't rate this product we've had the phone for a week and still haven't got to use it because it had a defective battery customer service has been okay but I think it's taking too long to fix this problem

it was not what was specified in the details, could not get activated through verizon, verizon had hard time activating

hey i really like this phone but i want to know if this phone works worldwide and has a sim port ?

The was nice but not in a good condition. I did not use the phone to say that I like it or not. the phone was not working.

The reason why? I rate 1 star. Because when I tried to activated the phone. The phone wasn't able to be activated. So I had to send the phone back. I

Horrible!! I had problems with the phone the first week I had it. Called Verizon and they were able to help after being on the phone for 2 hours. I have had the phone less then a month and now it is completely unusable. Called Verizon again and they can't fix it.

its a good phone to call on expect when it comes to the SD Card it is faulty in reading it like for example I have to take the battery  and card out, put the battery in let it load and then insert the SD Card and then I would good to go

it works like it should. not a fan of droids but my son wanted it. hopefully it lasts longer than his other droids that the sounds went out and screens quit working

This is my first smart phone.  Very pleased with it. Would recommend to anyone.  Very easy to use.  I would buy another one.

Thanks for sending the phone out promptly!  I really needed a replacement phone since I wasn't ready for an upgrade.  The phone is working great!  It didn't have some of the features I thought, but it does have most and I've had no problems.  I also was able to activate it at home without going to a store, which was awesome!

I ordered this phone not realizing that it doesn't come with a sim card.  It wasn't explicitly state that it doesn't have a sim card.  Once I realized it, after it arrived, I returned it immediately.  The seller made that easy and I received a refund.  HOWEVER, I was unaware that Amazon takes a 20% cut for shipping.  So I didn't receive 20% of my refund.  The seller was very communicative and explained that they would request the 20% from amazon as well.. but I am STILL waiting over a month later.  Amazon I usually like you, but you dropped the ball on this.

Pretty solid phone, coming from an Iphone 4s to the droid x. Pretty smooth after you download all the updates. The only negative thing I have to say about it is the 3G service on this phone is a lot slower than the Iphone , like when using Pandora Radio. Ive always had Verizon so it makes me think its the phone, not the service.

It was a decent price for a decent phone, but for some reason it started to delete all my pictures I had taken and saved. Sometimes it let's me save pictures and sometimes it doesn't. That's about my only complaint about the phone besides the fact that I hate that it doesn't have auto correct.

Awesome!! My phone broke three verizo. And the cheapest one was 600.00 dollars this is perfect Great price my husband has a razor it is very comparable!!

this is my 1st attempt at a smart phone, and it has been a good one. Had it for 6 months now and overall still liking it.

This was a great Cell phone. Sold it because mine was under warranty that I didn't realize.The family member that bought it from me LOVES it. He uses Straight Talk & this phone works great for it.

I was expecting something faster than this. So I decided to return it. I should have done more research  before I made the purchase.

the only thing that i was satisfied with was the shipping came in a week earlier than expected but the phone itself was complete ass on the second day half of the screen was completely blacked out come to find out the phone is defective i do not recommend this save your money buy a different phone

I broke my old verizon Phone and went to the verizon store to replace it but they wanted 500$ i was a little worried about buying this because it was a preowned phone. i received it in the mail today (very fast shipping) and the phone was in perfect condition! you could never tell it was preowned there were no scratches on the screen or on the rest of the phone whatsoever. The phone only took 30 seconds too activate and was very responsive. the Phone runs very smooth. i am very satisfied with this phone. Thanks for the great product!Would suggest to anyone!

This phone is AWFUL. When I recieved my ohone the LED light didn't even work. Apps wont load and things crash constantly, even after deleting tons of things off my phone. Always had a case on it and the paint chipped and became sticky. It takes forever for a call to go out, sometimes up to 40 minutes. Not good if in a bad situation. Keyboard freezes up constantly and will not type words. This phone is just hands down awful. I'm looking for a new one now as I'm writing this. Skip this phone!!!! Buy something a little more expensive and better quality!!

Obvious water damage and the phone freezes up while using it. I wish I would of spent the extra money for a better phone. Not worth it.

I opened it up in the mail, And that phone was broke to pieces. Wouldn't even turn on. I tried to call them.. And the hung up on me and wouldn't give me a refund!

The phone only lasted two months.  The verizon technicians said there was nothing they could do to fix it.  Something internal going on.

When I first got the phone, everything seemed normal, but when I went to activate it, I couldn't because it was still registered to a prepaid account. I was very concerned because I thought I had been scammed. When I got home I sent an e-mail, and I received a response the same day. I was promptly mailed a new phone, and had it by the next week. I was extremely happy with the product, and the service. I would definitely buy from them again.

So I bought this phone from a different seller but brand new still, The phone for being 3 years old works pretty good the only problems I have had with it are when you go to unlock it and it turns of and turns back on and sometimes it is kinda slow but it's a good phone all around the reason for 4 stars is the shipping took over a month.

the phone is more damaged than originally thought lots of spots on the screen made it hard to use plus the phone had a lot of glitches plus every text would come at least 3 times so the water damage was more extensive then minor. add the fact that the phone came nearly a week after the projected ship date it has been a pretty disappointing shopping experience

received the phone after a longer shipping time than stated and then the phone was used instead of new as stated on web site. then could only get the phone to turn on 3 times. even Verizon store could not get it to boot up! a disaster from the start

The phone came as stated in 9/10 almost excellent condition and someone took the time to charge the battery for me so I didn't have to guess if the phone worked or not.  I called Verizon right away and started using the phone as soon as it arrived.  Thanks!!!!

bought the phone for my mom and she loves it. hasn't put it down yet. well besides when shes at work of course lol

Very responsive customer service. Product received earlier than expected. Product easy to use and very sturdy. Screen is easy to read and versatile options.

I like the quality of the phone battery is giving me some trouble seems to not keep a charge gonna replace the battery

I got it for my sister & she said it was a very nice of me to get it for her!! she love it!! 100% ;-)

Bought this phone to get through until I am eligible for an upgrade. It is not nearly as good as the Droid Razr. The processor is slow, sound is better than an HTC but not as good as the Razr.

My son is always breaking his phones. His contract has another year. So I purchased this droid and it was as described and I had no problems at all having it turned on. Oh and the shipping was 3 days earlier than estimated. Very pleased with the product. Will purchase again.

It came in good condition but slowly just recently I've seen the back of the phone it's paint of cover has been peeling off.

I purchased from Planet Mobile. Took seven days after purchase to arrive. Also, it arrived with no SD memory card inside the phone (which it was suppose to come with). So I feel a little ripped off. Now I have to spend extra money for a card.So far, I really like the phone. Easy to use and large. Getting used to only using touch screen when I have a side flip phone with touch screen. Lots of pages and apps. Connects with gmail/google account.

Overall I'm very pleased with the phone. Sometimes it seems to have a mind of it's own an I don't always receive the texts that I should, at least not when I should but it's serving it's purpose!

I Was Not Satisfied With These Phones.  I Ordered Two And Within A WeekThe Screens Were Messing UP.  I Had To Buy My Oldest Daughter AnothEr Phone And Im TRyIng To Replace My.Youngest Daughters Phone Now.  230.00 gone.

Great phone. This is my first smart phone and i absolutely love it. Great for music and games. I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone

I did a lot of research on phones for my girlfriend who was struggling to let go of her 'real keyboard' needs.  I finally weened her off and not having the money to spring for a brand new phone got her this one.  I was very skeptical as it was used and I've had bad experiences before of people sending their broken/quirky phones for a quick buck, so when she plugged it all in and it worked, I was just counting down the time.  It's been about 2 months now and so far the phone is doing great.  A couple of times the phone would restart on its own but even my brand new droid does that so I don't hold that against the seller.  It also has a horrible battery life but what phone doesn't today.  I'm very impressed with the buy and thank you seller for being one of the good ones out there that took care of your phone and re-homed it.

The phone was defective I had to send It back. I purchased a phone from another seller I had to be without a phone for several days.

After activating and installing apps I am a little disappointed. It freezes up constantly while downloading and is slow while running applications. I will most likely purchase a different phone. I am happy with the seller and would recommend buying phones from them.UPDATE: I took the phone to Verizon and had it activated and it is working but it does not come with a sd card so I will have to purchase one. Hopefully it will improve the performance.

Bought this phone...took it to Verizon to get it activated and it wouldn't work.

I love it worked perfectly. I would buy again. Serious happy with the product i perfect shape and works well

I needed a phone. I looked at their star rating and it was very good. Many many reviews on this company so I felt confident going in. I made the purchase on October 20th 2013 for a droid Verizon cell phone. I was fully aware that this was a refurbished phone. It came in a timely manner and looked great. I went into the Verizon store to get it all hooked up and was informed that it was broken. Apparently there is a little red dot indicator in the battery compartment when the phone has had liquid damage. This phone, in Verizon's words had been damaged by liquid. This should have been something observed by those refurbishing the telephone.Well, things happen I guess and I emailed the company. They are good at getting back to you via email. They sent me a label and I took that phone to the post office to return and lo and behold it wasn't a prepaid label, so I had to pay to send them back a broken phone and get insurance on it. I told them this via email and they said to send them the bill. WHAT? Why didn't they just give me a prepaid label to begin with????I received a replacement phone. Off to Verizon I went. The same guy helped me. He started the process and the phone came back as registered LOST OR STOLEN. WTF? Now isn't this the first thing a company should be looking for when refurbishing a phone?So I am pretty mad at this point, but for some ridiculous reason I gave them a third chance to make this right. They send it out and give me a tracking number. No phone. I check the tracking number and it says it was delivered. I am so mad I almost cry at this point. I go to the post office a total of three times. My gas. My time. Finally filling out a PS 10 (or something like that) which means, the phone has simply been lost or stolen in the mail. So now I guess I just want to cancel this whole stupid thing and get my money back. I have no phone and no money and I am pissed. The company now is not very sympathetic and has not apologized for this whole thing. So now, at the end of December (remember this started in October!), they give me a refund less $15 for a restocking fee. Now I am blowing my top. I had no idea they had to restock broken and stolen items (lost or stolen items) I called Amazon twice and they emailed the company on my behalf. They (Amazon) sent a letter that stated their standard &#34;$15 restocking fee&#34; . I told them I had every intention of filing an A-Z claim and that this company is downright awful, here are the reasons and I will not sit for them stealing $15 from me. Amazon, itself, reviewed everything and gave me the $15 as a good will gesture. This was a very stand up thing Amazon did, but Pacific Cellular did take the $15 from me.This was the worst experience I have ever had in online retail. I would never recommend this company. Not even to my worst enemy.

Awful phone it's slow as he'll don't waste your time and money buying this phone oh and it doesn't come with a sd card for the phone!

I paid a lot of money to get the phone here on time. Last week the pixels started doing some funky things. I am not sure why or how, but I am not happy with the phone

Good starter smart phone.Out in the field kind of phone. No worries if you accidentally drop it, considering the price.

The phone has a nice light feel to it...Good features easy to navigate ..The down side is the battery life, not good at all it goes from half to dead in an instant...

I got this as a temporary phone until I could upgrade. It worked well at first but the battery would not fully charge. They sent me a new battery but when my phone died the new battery wouldn't charge at all so I had to use the old one that wouldn't fully charge. The battery also drained very quickly and got really hot when you used it. I had this phone for about a month and the screen started growing black specks that grew into black blobs and it was impossible to see anything. I never dropped it or got it wet in the 1 month that I used it. I have never had this many problems with a phone ever. Thank goodness I was only stuck with it for a month. I was never so happy to get a new phone!

The only complaint I have is that it does NOT seem to hold a charge very well.  It'll be fully charged in the morning but completely dead by 3 or 4 in the afternoon.
