
I bought this phone after receiving my new AT&T; Fusion and hating the Fusion immediately -- see my review over there for more details.  What I liked was that everyone on Amazon was complaining about not getting their $25, but no one seemed to have anything bad to say about the phone itself!  After having used it a little bit I see why, and I like it too.  I too have had problems getting my $25 credit though.  (!!!!)  I should add that this is my first smart phone and I am getting acclimated to this one just fine, whereas the other one was a giant nightmare.  I really would recommend this phone for anyone else trying to make the leap.Most important things I like:-- The slide-out keypad is easier to use than on touch screen only phones.  I know it makes the phone bigger, heavier and bulkier but to me it's worth it.  It's also nice to be able to really hang onto it (not like the light little touch-onlies) and not feel like you're going to break or drop it.  This phone has a solid feel.-- Unlike the Fusion, this phone has a "face sensor" so when you're on a call and you put the phone up to your ear, the screen turns off and you don't hang up on whoever you're talking to.  With other phones you have to get around this by pushing the on/off button, but who wants to have to remember to push extra buttons for something so simple?  Same with hanging up the call (on purpose): With the Crossover you pull it away from your face and push the touch button.  With the Fusion you'd have to turn the screen back on via the on/off button, and THEN hang up "a second time" via the touch screen.Other benefits:-- You don't have to turn Swype exclusively on and off from the settings menu to use it (with the Fusion you have to pick between Swype vs. tapping without by changing the actual settings in a whole different menu).-- The Voice Dial has worked better on this phone than the last.-- Dialing itself is easier because you can dial from the messaging screen and a few other fairly intuitive places.The two things I really dislike so far is that the speakerphone volume is so low it's virtually unusable -- but this seems to be ubiquitous between many smart phones.  And hooking up a Bluetooth headset takes an inordinate number of buttons, clicks, etc.  But overall this seems like a good, well-designed phone and I am once again excited about trying a smart phone.Hope this review helps; good luck on your search!

We purchased 2 of these phones. One for my husband and one for my daughter. They complain constantly about it. At first they loved them... then after a few months it started to go down hill. It has an emergency 911 auto dialer button that is easily pressed when it is in the pocket, purse. The memory in the phones is too low for more than a few apps. It has a slot for an SD card. We found it difficult to manage the addons with the SD card. They Lock up often and we have to remove the battery and the AT&T card wait 5 minutes then put it all back together. Over all we have found these phones to be more of a pain than helpful. If i had it to do over again I wouldn't buy them.

For the price (about $75 with the fixins') it was way cheaper than the iPod touch I was thinking of getting. I already had a goPhone with a lot of time rolled over on it and I just needed something to check my mail on when I am away from the home office near wifi. So I ignored the dataplans for now. I was worried since I am a mac person (since 1985) that I would be unhappy with android but it has been OK. I use my dropbox to transfer and read files and google drive works well on it. I am also a musician and that is the biggest negative with android (at least this version). The iOS system has much more capability and accessories like external microphones etc. available and there is latency (a delay in playback). But I have a macbook for music anyway. I also use the Kindle app quite a bit. Yes the screen is small but it is my first smart phone and it has a real keypad. I like it.

This phone functions well, it is a work phone but performs all kinds of functions (including personal) when I'm on the road. It is fast enough, but at the expense of the battery life. Yes, I use Bluetooth, GPS, Wifi, when I travel so that supposedly puts a drain on the power. Angry Birds will suck it dry fast! It was super easy to pair up with my car Bluetooth and it's nice to be able to operate through the steering wheel controls, hands-free. I keep it charging while in the car and try to remember to turn off the extraneous connection modes when I get where I'm going. I do like the slide-out keyboard for entering data and texting. It also seems to have a good touch screen response that was quick getting used to. The price was great since it was pretty expensive through ATT.

For the price and the fact that you get 25$ free airtime, i suppose this is a good buy. But within hours of having this phone, it was already freezing on me.

I love this phone!  Great Android phone with no contract!  The $25 airtime credit was not automatic, but I called the 800 number and they added it after a bit on hold.

Not a bad phone but does not come with the mentioned $25 airtime. My son was very disappointed. Without the $25 airtime the price of the phone, $60 is to expensive.

I have had this phone for about 2 monthes. I works great besides the battery life and takes a bit long to turn on.You need to have a new account to get the $25 airtime.i wasnt sure how to get it so i called customer service.i took half an hour but i think it was worth it.This is a good phone if you text and have small fingers. it looks really cool and sleek.the cost is cheaper than most touch screen phones. the original  price on att.com was $299so ur getting a pretty good deal. i bought it and love it.

I bought the phone as a gift and the phone is great but there was no $25 dollar airtime code with the phone. I tried to contact them regarding the code but the reply I received was to return the phone. After looking at other reveiws I noticed this was not the first time there was no code give as stated.

Still getting used to the touch screens, but I like the phone. I live in the mountains with sketchy reception in certain areas. Gets better reception and has longer battery life than the old Blackberry that I used to use.

If you are looking at this phone, you are probably wondering if a dirt cheap (probably used) phone can serve you well enough.  I've been very happy with it, but it depends on what you need.SCREENFor a phone in this price range, the screen is surprisingly vibrant, and the colors aren't bad.  The resolution is low, so it can't compare to a high end phone.  Functionally, this can make reading tiny website text a headache.  For apps, I haven't had any problems.The touch sensitivity is pretty good, and it is easy to do gestures like pinching to zoom.  Typing works as well as it can on a small screen.BUILDThis is a chunky phone.  That is partly do to it being outdated and partly due to the keyboard.  The keyboard is handy when I want to write a relatively long text, email, or Amazon review.  The numbers require using the function key.  This is a matter of preference, but I like separate numbers.I have yet to have any issues with the phone breaking or chipping.  That is one advantage of plastic over glass.SOFTWAREAn easy software upgrade from Pantech moves the phone to Gingerbread.  That means that it is compatible with most modern apps.  I also downloaded the FTL loader to speed things up a bit.  Everything works nicely and moving between screens is snappy.  The unlock tab is a bit laggy for some reason, but it's not a big issue.This is definitely a smartphone, despite being so old.  I can run most apps, such as fitness stuff or Youtube, just fine.  Because of the low speed and memory of the phone (add a micro SD card to boost the memory), only basic games will function without slowdown and some of the fancier apps with sophisticated graphics do not work or are slow.This is android, so gmail and calendar integration are excellent.  I also use google voice and it works well.BATTERYI have never had an issue with the battery running down, unless I forgot to charge it overnight.  When I play games and watch Youtube for a few hours to kill time somewhere, it kills a lot of the battery life, but there is still plenty to last the rest of the day.CAMERAThe camera works okay for both stills and video with good lighting.  It is good enough to do the job, but will not trick anyone into thinking that you have an iPhone.  Still, unlike the throwaway cameras on feature phones, it is actually good enough for decent spur-of-the-moment photos.OVERALLThe Pantech Crossover is a surprisingly capable phone for the super low price.  It does not have a fancy screen or the ability to run more demanding apps, but it brings most of the basic advantages of smartphone ownership without a contract.

The best android phone I had. No very fast, but it is enought for daily use. If you do not mind the resolution of the screen, this phone could meet you well.The 25 dollars credit may for new activation only. I did not at the credit at first. I left a ticket to the cs on Amazon, and the credit is in my phone account 3 works days later.The 25 dollars is not enought for any data plan. For att's smart go phone, they reqiure a 25+ monthly plan plus data package. However, at least, you can get 1 month unlimited free call or 12 days unlimited free call or 3 months emergence / back up phone cell.I got this phone for 59 plus tax, 1 dollar to unlock, free os upgrade, free root.What more can I ask for? :)----------Ps: do not use an extra cover for this phone.

It has been almost half a year since I ordered my Pantech Crossover from amazon. In that time, I've certainly come to know the phone's strengths and weaknesses. While I originally wasn't going to post a review (I believe AT&T; has discontinued the phone, so I doubt it's even on anybody's radar right now), recent events have made me change my mind.Almost immediately after getting my phone, I attempted to upgrade the OS to Gingerbread via the Pantech Upgrade tool available on their website. Anyway, every time I connected my phone to my computer via the USB cable provided with the phone, Windows simply told me that the device had malfunctioned and would not work properly. At this point, I just assumed my computer was too old. I'm still using XP, I don't even have 1GB of RAM, etc. More on this later, however.So, I ignored the update and just used the phone as it was. Over the months the phone began to show some of the more annoying symptoms of a failing device. It would randomly turn off or reboot, occasionally lock up, become very slow, etc.Just recently, I finally decided that I'd had enough. While I was digging around online for a new phone, I decided to charge my Crossover. Since all I had available to me was a friend's USB cable, I connected the phone to his PC. Much to my surprise, the computer identified the phone. So, I borrowed my friend's USB cable and connected my Crossover to my own PC. Sure enough, Windows ID'd it no problem. I then tried the USB cable that came with the Crossover and, as expected, Windows failed to ID the device every time. The provided cable works great when it comes to charging the phone, it just can't be used for a phone&lt;->PC connection, apparently. I guess I got a lemon?So, after bricking my phone with a failed update attempt, (i.e. the upgrade tool actually told me that the update had failed and that I needed to disconnect my Crossover, put it in download mode, and reconnect it) I FINALLY got my Crossover updated to Gingerbread. Months later, I would like to add...Now, while Gingerbread is a breath of fresh air (to me), my phone is plagued by new problems. The biggest of which being that my Settings menu randomly "stops working" when I attempt to open it. The phone just instructs me to "try again," but it's always the same. When this happens, a reboot is required in order for me to access my Settings.I would replace the phone, but I just looked at all of AT&T;'s prepaid phones and they're all junk. The Fusion II looks interesting, but it's hard to find any reviews for it. Please, if you have a Fusion II, feel free to leave your feedback in a comment.Thanks for reading.

Turns out WallyWorld had the same phone (in different packaging) for about the same price. I have not yet activated it - must run to an AT&T; store for that. But it did come with sim, sd card, charger and car charger. The box says it comes with minutes so I shall find out if that is true.Set up email/google account/wifi access and that is what I have been experimenting with. Lots of apps to look at. The GPS locates your location and google maps is useful but apparently the "navigation" download doesn't work (according to reviews) so not really a bonafide GPS device.The phone is hefty in comparison to the newer "Smart" phones. I've inadvertantly hit the camera button several times while sliding out the keyboard...UPDATE phone was supposedly activated at the AT&T; store but no airtime credits appear on my account. Also appears this phone was returned to amazon b/c there was a phone number in the forward feature stored on it. I chose not to return it as I've already set up AT&T; account and personal info on the phone.

I did a lot of research before picking the crossover.  I have had it about 3 months and have several complaints.  The battery life is about 1/2 of what is advertised..my battery is about empty after an hour of talk and last about a day in standby mode.  THe phone processor is slow or android OS is or both..dont know which but the combination is slow.  The software has locked up occassionaly so i had to turn off the phone and turn it back on.  Wish i would have picked another phone.  I thought this would be reliable and smaller than most smartphones.

I bought this phone for my 13 year old son and he loves it! It is a great phone for an awesome price. at 80 bucks it was a third of the price of everywhere else. thanks amazon!!!!!

It was a complete hassle to get the $25 Airtime credit advertised with this product.  At&t wanted to point the finger at Amazon, while Amazon was unwilling to do anything for a certain amount of days.  I paid for the product under the pretense that I would get a credit with this phone.  Had I not made several phone calls and got extremely angry with representatives, I never would have got the credit.  However, this is a decent phone for a teenager who just likes to text friends.

Come on everyone.  What more can you ask for?  It works just fine with my ATT Go phone service.  ATT wanted $399 for this phone on line and in the store. They said it would be free if I bought a two year contract, but I didn't want a contract.Pros:  The price is marvelous,less than half the on line price.  Having a smart phone is a new learning experience for me.  But not only can I load Amazon Apps on it, but also Google Android Market.  So it is a win win.The keyboard is easy to use, they give you a CD manual, but I was up and running rather quickly without it.  The phone is heavier than some like.  I find it a good thing to be a little heavier.  For me it is a wonderful phone...a great price, and I couldn't ask for anything better for my go phone.Cons: I plugged my sims card in and it worked from the start.  The contacts though had to be re entered.I had saved them on my sims card, but they didn't copy over.  The Free ATT Address book is not available to go phone users.  I called and talked to them and they said only if you have a contract can you use it.But I did import the contacts to my SD card for future.  Everything works great with wi fi.  However the data plans required to use web when not in wi fi range are pretty lame.  The minimum is $5 for 540MB.  What can you do with that low a limit?  I didn't want to spend $25 a month...so I just got the $5 one. It lasts 30 days and its cost is deducted from whatever go phone card you have active.  I had the $100 for the year pre pay and it deducted $5 from it and asked if I wanted it to do auto renew every month.$25 air time free not there.  If you read the fine print the $25 air time is not for those that already have a number and a go service.  I didn't care though, the phone is still a great buy. I know a lot of people are upset that they didn't get the $25 air time.  But honestly, you save more than 1/2 on the phone, it works, and it is a great upgrade.

My daughter has been happy with this phone so far.  She's had it for a few weeks.I was able to get the $25 airtime with a call to AT&T;'s customer service.  Have your phone number and IMEI # handy (it's located either on the box or under the battery)and they should be able to give you the airtime quickly.  They even called back (within minutes) to let me know when it was ready.Activation was very easy and can be done on their website or over the phone.  I used their website and had no issues getting assigned a local phone number, etc.I didn't want to pay for a data plan, and you don't have to with this phone, as long as you only use the data features when you are in the range of a wifi network.  (If you want to use data using the cellular network, you will have to purchase a data plan).  You can easily change the settings on the phone to use wifi only, to avoid any data charges.  My daughter checks her email and surfs the internet, downloaded Android apps from Google Play....all without incurring any data charges since we have a router at home.  She did say that having too many apps on it seems to slow down the response time, though.Perfect first phone for a student.  For $4.99 a month, you can buy a package of 200 texts, which rollover month to month as long as you continue buying the package each month.  I don't plan to put more than $25 on the phone every 90 days, and that will cover the cost of 200 texts per month, plus several phone calls with money to spare. The ability to surf the web using wifi and play some downloaded games is a bonus.

I got this phone to come to the 21st century, very easy to use, long life battery, I recommend to anyone who is not a tech person.

I purchased the Pantech Crossover on 6/20/2012 and I received it on 6/22/2012. The packaging was great, and very neat. The phone works well and it's user friendly (in my opinion). This is a great deal if you're looking for a cheap smartphone that works great. :] The only thing missing is my $25 airtime that is advertised in the product title. :/

I have been searching for a decent, under $100.00, not so fancy, not top-of-the-line, smartphone. I purchased the AT&T; Fusion at Walmart. Nice phone, horrible for texting. The wee keys were so frustrating. I had enough.I researched AGAIN, and found this phone. It has actual KEYS!! This phone is AWESOME!! I am about to turn 36 and I want more of an old school phone. I wanted the features of a smartphone, but also be able keep my Go Phone. This phone asks you right up from the get go if you have a data plan. Which I do not. Don't want one. Don't want the fees. Once you press "no", the phone sets you at WiFi only. No data will be charged. SWEET!Now....about the airtime credit. This is not as 1.2.3. easy as At&T; makes it sound on their instruction sheet. First, you will need to call 800-331-0500 and enter your Go Phone #. It will then direct you to Go Phone customer service. It will ask you what you want. I chose (after being disconnected from AT&T;) my go phone balance. After I heard that, it will ask what you else would you like. I simply said customer service and voila! a real person!! After some wait, of course. In total, I spoke to AT&T; 4 times. First, and third reps had NO idea what they were doing and gave me misinformation. Third rep put me on hold so long, she disconnected me. Second rep, I thought hooked me up, but no. He did give me a better rate per min. I was on an old rate plan, and now I am saving money. But rep #4 made my day. You will need the IMEI# found on the back of your phone, or on the box. You can also get this # by entering *#06# on your keypad of your phone. My credit was applied instantly. YEA!!! I did not need to install the new SIM (#1 & #3 reps advised this). You are able to keep your existing SIM. At&T; customer service is pretty good. Sometimes it is frustrating, but overall, I am pleased.This phone also has some weight to it...it looks beefy, like it would abstain some impact. Another feature I wanted. Now I am so happy.

Great phone.  No problems with it.  Love it.  Did not get the $25 airtime.  AT & T never did credit us even though we spoke to them multiple times.  A bit disappointed because I thought I was getting more for my money.

I just got this phone yesterday.  After activiation the $25 doller airtime credit did not appear.  The material with the phone says it will appear within the hour.  After it did not appear overnight, I called ATT customer service, and like other comments noted, the ATT customer service rep was clueless.  At first, she said she would not be able to honor the credit.  Then, another guy in the office must have been talking to her, so she put me on hold and after a few minutes figuring out my phone ID#, she was able to schedule the credit.There is a breakdown somewhere between ATT - AMAZON - or Pantech.  Go price for the phone, but be prepared for hassle to get the credit unltess they fix it.My rating of 2 is not based on the phone quality (it appears to be worth the price), but the hassle of the buying experience.

I was a bit skeptical about buying this phone but glad I did. It isn't a top of the line Android phone but I wanted an AT&T; GoPhone and this one fit my budget. The only negative is the screen shows more smudges etc. than my LG L45C did. Minor issue, would have given 5 stars otherwise. I upgraded system to Gingerbread 2.3.6 and found procedure to "root" it. I like the slide out keyboard because I'm faster with it than a touchscreen. The majority of my use is texting and internet via wi-fi. I have the $5.00 month data plan (50mb)which is more than enough to check e-mail over the network. Ringtones are pretty basic & the volume could be louder (I'm 66 and hard of hearing). If you want a decent Android on a reliable network give this phone some thought.Mike

This the phone crashed constantly. The phone would turn itself off, and reboot for no reason.  The volumn  would mysterously go so low I could not hear or be heard.  I bought several batteries for the phone, but each time I bought a battery the phone still died.  If I could I would give this phone a negative number.

Good phone for a prepaid, lots of features.  But it won't hold a charge.  This is my second one of the same type; same problem.  AT&T retail said this is an ongoing problem with these phones.

This phone is supossed to come with $25.00 worth of airtime and we cannot get it activated. Plus, how about someone who speaks english and you can understand and they understand!This problem has been corrected and apparently the fault of AT&T.; All the more reason to have english speakiing people.

I bought two of these for my twin 12 year olds.  They really pack a lot of features for a very reasonably priced phone.  I love the fact they are able to use these on wi-fi hot spots and that we don't have to purchase a data plan for use everywhere.  I personally have an iphone 4s and I think these are very good and well worth every cent.  I did have to call AT&T to get the $25 credit activated but they were very helpful and it was no big deal.

I didn't get this device, it was lost in transit, so it's hard to say if I would have liked it. Not particularly happy having to buy the components separately, and no $25 airtime.

Most of the questions regarding the phone have been whether or not you "need" a data plan in order to use your home wifi. My answer to this is yes, I used the wifi on the phone- apps included, without even inserting the SIM card.About a week after getting this phone I found my toddler had kindly dunked the phone in water for me. I grabbed it out quickly, stuck it in a box of rice and after the next day it worked perfectly fine again. This is great because while that might work on the iPhone it doesn't always work for other androids.Using TextPlus (which is about a dollar for 40 minutes) I have FREE texting as long as there is wifi, and I also can make free calls in the USA. I use text plus because the service is much cheaper than the 20 cents a minute plan I chose. I'm alright with choosing that plan because I rarely use my phone when I go out.I use Nimbuzz which allows free calling through Gtalk, which comes in much clearer than skype.So after this, and considering my "plan" is only for emergencies.. my phone bill makes it about 8 dollars a month.My uncle paid at least 500 dollars for his phone and mine does the same exact things, besides the camera in the front.MY ONLY COMPLAINTS...The camera is on the back of the phone. Which to me is a little senseless, especially if you intend to use this phone for the webcam. You can use the camera as a webcam of course provided that you are perfectly fine with talking in the mirror.The back of the phone for the battery is a little flimsy. Definitely order a cover.Update: Two years later...I still have this phone. The phone has been dropped numerous times and it still works. The dog chewed the back of the phone when it fell off. (The back piece sucks. You'll need a case.) That was last year, and the phone works. I have had to do a factory restore numerous times because I have failed to replace the memory card. It still works. However, now it needs a new SIM card.That said, it was worth the investment and because of it's low cost, I don't intend to purchase a new phone any time soon.

(returned product and this is edited email)I did toss some of the plastic baggies that were in there but could not figure out after i reassembled the product in the mailer why there were so many plastic baggies, there was only one cord, an A/C cord.  that did also plug into the computer...actually now not sure how we charged it in first place...? if there is something missing it's in my livingroom.  having WHITE cords instead of black would help SEE them! it is rather SMALL, but not horridly small compared to say VirginMobile device I had in 2008.  I stopped using VirginMobile because I can't hear voicemails and was using it for texting to two people one stopped.  So right now I can only "call" out using IP Relay on a PC someplace, at home, Starbucks, library, etc. but I cannot receive incoming calls because I've got no "personal device." BTW, cops do not either, so they also cannot receive incoming "deaf" service calls by either TRS, IP Relay or VRS! Not only that, they don't think getting a mobile relay device is a priority...! So since I never ask anyone to do something that I know is not reasonable for me to do, I am trying to find a device that works and that is relatively cheap and easy.  If I cannot use it, it's not going to work for a busy cop, ENT, fire, CSW, etc.  This is also a huge problem if my residential wifi goes down I literally cannot "call" for a tech person, they cannot call me back and the "chat" does not work, comcast hangs up on IP Relay or puts it on hold for hours (I timed it for 3 hours and finally disconnected my end).So, before you go rolling your eyes at another AbbyJo adventure with telecom, let me tell you, that I DID GET IT TO POWER ON AND PLAYED W/IT I TRIED!!!!  Just as I did try with the Corso press and the iPod Touch.  (I replaced Corso press with Wells press then with Breville, and am still juicing and losing weight, now down 18#). iPod Touch was sleek and pretty, could put it in art museum but had no contrast and if you see my product review, despite Apple's normally wonderful customer service, they could not help one deaf lady get it turned ON without telling me to go to a NOISY STORE.  (I am HYPERACUTE, I use only deaf telecom and related apps).  But I digress.I bought this so that I would know when someone is CALLING ME and have some way to tell them they have reached a person who uses only written language and/or IP Relay, which does allow me to call "hearing" people.  The bottom line is all the cell phone companies have lots of devices for hearing people but not many for people that need sign language or TEXT ONLY by live relay, which is a FREE service.  So we need devices that are mobile some for old fogies that have questionable eyesight and need contrast and big screens and big keys, but with cheapo data-only or wifi-only plans.  I am not seeing that on the market yet, close but not there yet...just as closed captions still aren't on the instant downloads...I am still asked to rewind, read lips, get the script...but I digress again.So I called customer service for AT&T;, they declined to try to help at all, referring me to PANTECH.  PANTECH said it's a "third party app" meaning the IP Relay plug in is a third party app.  i pointed out that without this type of app the device is worthless they said too bad, hung up.  I called PANTECH back, they then tried to help me connect device to wifi, device would not connect but settings were correct.  wifi is always on at home.  i do not remember putting in any password.  in any event, without wifi working on device, cannot use the app. I am not sure if amazon allows urls, but it's here, free for all deaf:[...] It shows I can use one of three or four devices, so far two have failed to work for this purpose and zero customer support for it.I did see a cool AT&T; scanner app that seemed to work for scanning the app from a symbol on a web page using the camera and the app, but could not see the app appear on the screen or try it without wifi working on the device.  If amazon editors did not erase the url (public service url, editors!) then you will see there is supposed to be a quick easy way to get the app off the web page and into the phone.  this same app would be cool to use in retail stores to see prices, get product info from similar coded labels, etc.  maybe there is a bar code app too.  but first i need to get THIS deaf telecom (IP RELAY) app on the device, or i don't have a working device!  Hello?This particular product is very small and hard to see anything without magnifying glass for me personally.  It is just the right size to lose in a pocket and leave in the washing machine.  I did NOT do that but would not trust myself to see black on black in a pocket.This is second rejected mobile device i have tried in 2 months for receiving IP Relay which i still cannot receive, I cannot get a message from anybody, but for six years until March 2012 I could without a device...the provider lost its FCC license!Can anybody reading this come up with a large screen QWERTY keyboard device for DEAF THAT DO NOT SIGN, DO NOT USE VRS but still need the mobile wifi and camera features for other reasons? instant video would be useful too, for when i cannot communicate but would like a small momento of dramas created by others before i depart.  I will read all respectful responses!i may try the blackberry next or a tablet of some sort that has wireless, but the app is designed as a plug in for blackberry, android and iPad/iPhone only, as far as i know, so not sure it will work on tablet but it should work on any computer (tablet being a hard drive, screen and Intel chip without a CD drive, what my son uses for school...)---

DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!! The phone doesn't come with the $25 air time credit as indicated on amazon. And the phone plans for this type of phone are the older type offered by AT&T. You need to spend $50 for the unlimited phone calls and text and an additional $25 for the data package (internet). Setup is a pain and you will need to go online to do it. Go with T-Mobile, way cheaper, only $35 for unlimited everything, and you can get a cheaper phone that works just as good.

Already been stated by others that its a good phone, the only weak area I've found is the speaker volume is low in hearing voices while talking and when listening to a video playback.Did want to add that I did not receive the $25 airtime credit to my phone account, so I emailed Amazon about this oversight and they very quickly corrected this with a $25 credit towards my next purchases, I'm happy with that.

Phone works great to text and the Wi-Fi connection is a plus . I have a no contract ATT account and I just transferredmy sim card to the phone and was up and running.

The phone was nice but it crashed within the first 30 days.  Sent it back for replacement.  Two buttons on the replacement phone quit working within the first week.

Bought this for my wife and she really likes it.  It is her first smart phone.  The AT&T prepaid plans are reasonable.  She likes the slide out keyboard for texting.  She is now doing a lot of Instant Messages rather than phone calls.  Moved from a Net10 which was a better value for the monthly minutes used in a number of ways.  She liked Net10 because her minutes would roll from on moth to the next.  Not so with AT&T Prepaid.  At the end of each month, her minutes are gone if she doesn't use them all. On the other hand, the AT&T prepaid plan includes unlimited text messages, while Net10 charges a half a minute for each text.  I'm signed up to try a "Republic Wireless Beta" this summer, so may be dumping AT&T soon.  Republic is a low cost option that relies heavily on the use of Wifi and VOIP to route calls at lower cost when available, but uses a Sprint cell when Wifi is unavailable.  I'll let you know how that goes.

I absolutely LOVE this phone! I have had bad phones in the past, and this one is the nicest phone I've ever owned. Because my contract doesn't expire for another 13 months and my other phone crapped out on me, I checked out AT&T's website. What a ripoff! They have this phone listed for $299.99 without a contract. It was then that I looked optimistically on Amazon for a replacement AT&T phone. I found this one on sale for $59.99. So I bought 2. My husband has the other phone and loves it also. I hate AT&T. Their prices on no-contract phones lead me to believe that they want to punish you just for wanting a nice phone and not extend your contract.

Good phone lasted a long time for its price.  I gave it to my sister and now she is using it and loves it.  Only problems I had was all the pre-loaded apps from att taking up memory.  Other than that great phone.  PS I bought the straight talk sim card and used it with it worked great!  Just upgraded to galaxy!

Decent phone and very good for the price. Still camera takes nice photos (but no flash) and easy to transfer files to any PC with the USB cable. I received a "removed SD Card. SD card removed. Insert a new one." message about once per day. Fixed by using a new SD card. The 2G card shipped with the phone was defective. Install the Android 2.3 OS upgrade (from Pantech site) before you configure the phone as the upgrade wipes everything. Gets very good reception in my area (bay area, CA), much better than my T-Mobile phone. Speaker phone is not loud enough and almost unusable in a vehicle.

I bought this phone to replace my husband's old accidentally-washed-with-his-work jeans flip-phone. He was originally stubborn about going to a smart phone and I only talked him into it by reassuring him he'd have a physical keyboard and not those "annoying" touchscreen ones. Smartphones with physical keyboards AND good ratings are somewhat difficult to find. Pantech was one of the better rated ones, so I went with it.It took him a day or two to adjust and then he realized how much he could customize on his phone and he's liked it ever since. He forgets to turn off his wifi (he doesn't use data so it's never on), so he tends to go through his battery pretty quickly. I'd say he charges it every other day, depending on how much he's actually using the phone. He really likes the speaker function too. I ask him every now and then if he likes it, and he always says "yes".One strange problem is that it occasionally stops working (like it won't acknowledge touch commands), and has to be restarted. This might be because I upgraded the OS and not be the fault of the phone at all. I'm not sure. Either way, simply restarted the phone fixes the problem. (The only way I know about this problem is because I asked how the phone was working... he'd never have told me if I didn't ask, so it's obviously not a deal breaker for him.)For those who like physical keys and would like to connect to the internet occasionally, this is the phone for you!

THIS PHONE IS THE BEST DEAL EVER!!!  YOU GET THE $25.00 FREE AIRTIME SO IT'S REALLY LIKE YOUR ONLY PAYING $35.00 FOR A SMART PHONE AND IT WORKS GREAT.......IT HAS EVERYTHING THAT I WOULD EVER NEED ON A PHONE AND MORE.  I COULD NEVER MAKE A BETTER PURCHASE ON A PHONE THEN THIS!!!  HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I will never want to deal with AT&T again. they are liars and they never honored their promise on $25 air time and I lost the whole money that I paid.

I had a Samsung Captivate that went belly up about a year into owning it and I still had another year remaining on my at&t; contract, so I saw this guy on Amazon and thought: the price is right, why not? For the phone being so affordable, I was not expecting much, but it has exceeded my expectations.Pros: good still picture camera, removable 2gig SD card, physical keyboard. Fast enough to run Angry Birds lag-free. Exceptionally accurate GPS and very good cell radio.Cons: despite having a modified version of Froyo, no adobe flash support. The loudspeaker is quiet and a bit tinny, and the video camera is nothing special.Overall, this phone is well worth the money, even without flash support. Glad I bought it.

I have been an AT&T go phone user for many years. I decided recently to upgrade my phone and did not find a suitable one until I shopped at Amazon, to my surprise there was a smart phone available for go phone use. It is the Pantec Crossover, an android phone that is simply amazing. My daughter has an Iphone and even she is very surprised and enthused with it. I can do things with a data plan I never thought possible on the go phone plan. I would recommend this phone and Amazon to anyone.

I was apprehensive buying a phone online, but my son (who the phone was for) assured me that it would be ok from Amazon. It was a great price, and from what I understand from him, it is working well. Was nice that it came with the additional card, made the price a little more acceptable.

The phone works fine, but it does NOT come with a free 25$ card, even on the box it said it was incuded in it but after i opened and registered even followed the instuations i never received my 25$ card, i ended up having to purchase it after.

I received this phone several days ago, and it performs so well that I had to write about it! I have had several Android phones in the past and I always had a problem with them freezing up as I use a lot of data with them, the Pantech Crossover has worked without a problem, I am impressed, this is my second Pantech phone, my last one was not a Android,I never have a dropped call, and as I said the same holds true so far on the Crossover, my feeling is you would never go wrong buying a Pantech cell phone.. I had a bit of a problem with AT&T on my airtime credit of $25.00, but Amazon took care of this problem immediately this is also why I am a repeat Amazon customer, they are great to do business with.

I both this phone thinking its going to work great....... well so much for that. This phone freezes up and it takes long to go back on the main screen. I cant return it now because it pass it's return day. I both this phone in August 2012. If there is anybody out there Deciding to get this phone. please think twice.Remember the seller won't give you back your money plus you have to pay for the return shipping.thanks:-(

We get GoPhones for our kids who need to stay in touch with us after school. Love that this one has Android apps and can be used online via wi-fi without a data plan. Used infrequently for voice and text, so we only spend $25 every 3 months for airtime. I'm thinking about ditching my contract phone and getting this one for myself since it's so much cheaper for folks who don't need mobile data.Pros:**Real keyboard is a must for women with nails!**Wi-fi lets you use the web and email without data plan**Android OS and apps**Great value**AT&T; includes a great tutorial video on a CD in the box**$25 airtime is enough to cover us for the 3 months until it expiresCons:**Onscreen keyboard is very hard to type on...took me 10 minutes to type in the wireless password since I kept hitting the wrong keys (yes, this is before I remembered that it had a real keyboard).**Complex: seems more complex than my android tablet; it took some time to figure out how to make/answer a call and how to enter a voicemail password since the keypad wasn't visible.**Not very attractive, seems a little heavy**$25 airtime is difficult to redeem. It would not automatically appear on the account like it was supposed to. First call to GoPhone service thought they had corrected the problem; the guy could "see the credit" but it wouldn't appear on the account. Second call reported a "known issue" with the credit on these phones, so the very helpful GoPhone rep manually credited the account and I was completely happy with that resolution.

This phone is heavier (and I mean very heavy by today standards) than most pay a you go phone.  You dont forget you are carrying it-It is also slow to do anything. I was use a 3 yrs old Samsung and it was far superior -except pic are better on the Pentech-granted the phone was at least  four yrs old model.When the first one did not hold a charge Amazon replaced it with one 20.00 dollars cheaper identical one then continue to charge me 80. for mine --that I returned. It should have been 60.00---I did NOT think this was fair--or good business. I am keeping a 60.00 phone and they are charging me 80.00. This is only my second time on Amazon -AT&T; was great in helping me when the first one did not work and getting the second one set up too. Amazon was quick to replace the one that did not hold a charge I just think I got ripped off having to pay 20.00 more than I was billed. I guess I should have just returned it and went else where. Live and learn

I bought this for my teenage brother so I no longer have to wonder where he is all the time.  Because this phone only offers the $25 and $50 monthly data to-go plan, I bought the sim card with 1000 prepaid minutes at the AT&T; store first.  Stuck my SIM card into the phone once it arrived and charged it up.  Enter the setting to wi-fi only at set-up.  Installed one of those bandwidth counters just to double check that no data was sent over the phone network.  He's had it for 3 weeks and so far so good.  It shows zero bytes transferred.  Since I did it this way I couldn't call in for the $25 credit but oh well.The screen is an okay size.  Speed is alright albeit slower than on my Moto Atrix but much improved over my old Moto Backflip (would only wish this on my worst enemy).  Very nice live wallpaper that came with it.  I was able to install a bunch of programs from Google Play & Amazon's Android Market with no problems.  So far all the programs and games work without a hitch. I know since I installed and configured everything and played a couple of games.  It is a little harder to type on the digital keyboard since the screen is small but it comes with a slide out keyboard.  Not sure how long that will last because the keyboard feels a little stiff and rickety; I wish it would slide out easier but not a huge problem because we don't text.  All in all, a good price for a fully useable Android.UPDATE 4-6-13: Phone still working fine.  My brother has been using it with the home internet a lot and I haven't heard a complaint yet.  I often catch him playing puzzle games and surfing the web on it.

I've been waiting for a reasonably priced "smart" phone that had wifi, since it is essentially an emergency phone for me. The Pantech Crossover phone fits the bill very nicely. It may not be the most sophisticated cell phone, but it's great for my purposes and would be an excellent first smart phone for many people (imho). If you really need a newer version of Android (this runs 2.2), look elsewhere. If, like me, you don't live and breathe with a cellphone, but would like to be able to check email without having to get a $40/month data plan, this phone is more than adequate.I've had very good luck with battery life, getting over the 5 hours of talk time. I picked up a hard case and screen protectors, as I would for any cellphone, but the screen protectors are especially good for these type of screen-swipe phones. It's also nice to have a keyboard.As others have noted, the $25 airtime didn't kick in, but Amazon made good on that. Hopefully they will get this sorted out with AT&T; (one lives in hope), but it is great to know that Amazon backs up the sale as advertised. I'm perfectly happy with a credit to my Amazon account.

Although I dont know how to root it which sucks!!!!! Besides that the phone is so cool! It has everything you can imagine and the phone has a great volume for you to play your music......

Just switched from an iGouge. The phone is an awesome little thing. Had to make a few calls to get the credit but Amazon made good (when you call, ask for the Wireless department -- it will save you 20 minutes).So happy with purchase, I bought two.

i just see this cell phone,on my email i buy it... at grrrreeeaaattt Price !!!!!i wish this be unlocked but still great...great price, and super fast shiping, thanks !! see ya !!

This phone obviously features the android platform which, in itself, is a 5 star product. The apps you can get for no cost whatsoever are fantastic, and it is worth noting that the phone has no trouble accessing these or anything else on the web, aside from insanely small text presentations at first. You'll have to zoom in on 80% of the content you browse, but all in all, it does seem worthwhile. The only problem with this version of android is it's definitely well beyond outdated at this point, and it will not be changing at any point in time. This means a lot of the newer programs are totally incompatible and you're totally SOL if you want to get firefox on this phone.The phone itself makes computers of last century look like dirt. Compare it to it's contemporaries and you'll find it's moreso on the average point in the spectrum. The user interface can be intimidating for new smart phone owners, but it does become rather fluid before long. It's at that point you begin to notice the speed shortage. For one thing, the accelerometer (thingy that makes the screen display correctly whether you're holding it sideways or upside down) seems to have a REALLY hard time keeping up. A lot of times the screen will display incorrectly after unlocking the phone for some reason. It's not a huge problem, but it definitely cheapens the experience.The speed while browsing through menus is relatively good. I've found programs load slower than web content, which seems a bit odd, considering the difference between local and VERY distant files, but it is what it is. This includes, and isn't limited to, the most basic of functions, including the phone function itself. It may take several seconds to open up the dialing interface or make an actual call. That said the calls aren't pitch perfect by any means, but it does get the job done well enough. I've never experienced static or any kind of echo effects like I have in other phones. The speaker phone is a bit quiet and difficult to use in a room with any noise at all. Both speaker, and earpiece have a very trebly tone that can be a bit abrasive, so you may want to dial it down a little before using the earpiece.The camera is pretty mediocre and it has no flash. But for all intents and purposes it is functional in most situations. The most endearing feature of this phone for me is the slide out keyboard. I hate onscreen keyboards. They don't work with my fingers. So the real keyboard is very satisfying, considering my use, or overuse, of texting. The buttons are large enough and well labeled and the function keys are simple and easy to get used to. It does light up as well, so in a dark room it's just as easy to use. The touch screen itself is just OK. It's better than I thought it would be, but smaller icons are extremely annoying to actually activate for me. Seems like touch screens just hate big fingers.Despite what you may perceive the above to mean, I do think this is an excellent device. You'd have to be pretty ungrateful for the leaps technology has taken to be able to ignore the fact that you have the internet in your pocket with speeds that make aol and even some forms of dsl look like turtles in quicksand. For the true yuppies out there, you're probably not going to be satisfied with a phone that doesn't have a bat signal or an on call helicopter, but for the regular folk looking for an awesome gadget, or the smart phone newbie looking to sample the market without signing a forever long contract, this will absolutely get the job done.*for the record, a 5 star phone would have both a bat signal AND an on call helicopter service*

The phone is great but it did NOT come with the $25 airtime as promised in the description.  It ended up costing me way more money than it should have.  Very disappointed.

this was  good deal  i like the style touch screen  ,screen size  the reason why i rate this so low was because i tried activateing the 25  for  the minutes . when i got it but it dint work. contact at and t the lady gave hard time and told me i  was intilted to the 25 free air  time.i specifiltly stated that the 25 airtime was included when i bought phone,,,,so she couldnt help it really made my day to buy a cell phone with 25 air time and you get use it .she said no goodPantech Crossover Prepaid Android GoPhone (AT&T;) with $25 Airtime...

I purchased this phone to replace a LG540.Pros:- Good performance and better-built as compare to the LG540.- Could be unlocked to be used on other networks cheaply & easily (See ebay).- One click upgrade to GingerBread 2.3 (See[...]).- Could be rooted easily for the adventurous (see link [...]).- Keyboard is nice, no fat-finger.Cons:- Non-standard function key location that need some habit adjustment; not a big deal.- Couldn't find cheap replacement batteries. OEM battery could be found for $15-$20 at ebay.Note:I followed the instructions to activate phone to claim the $25 credit.  Waited a day but the credit did not show up.  Many people had similar problem with this.  A call to ATT Customer Service (611) and received the credit promptly.

OK, just to let you know up front this is my FIRST android, so I am not someone who has been using them for years.  However I do consider myself above average in tech savvy, I just hadn't felt the need to have a high tech phone.  I did have a Samsung Propel for several years, that allowed me to check my email on the go and some simple web browsing, plus I could use it as a bluetooth jump point to use my laptop in the car.  I had been pondering an Iphone vs android for several months, and had about decided to go Windows platform with the Nokia Lumia, but my current carrier has not yet been authorized for the technology by AT&T.  OK all the history out of the way, I saw this great deal on a Lightning daily deal, saw from the reviews that even though it was sold as a Go Phone, that it could be used with an existing AT&T plan with Data.  I also noticed used ones on Ebay were selling for more than what I paid, so hey, a no brainer, don't like it, sell it on ebay and get your money back.  One of my reasons for hesitating to make the jump so long, was many of my friends on Android, had tons of problems, freezing up, slow response time etc.  Well my experience has been fantastic, very responsive, no freezes, fast scrolling etc.  Also and maybe this is part of my inexperience, the option to have the slide out qwerty keyboard, is an amazing plus.  It makes it sooo much easier for typing out long messages, or using a message board online.  Also I LOVE the wifi aspect, as I have been working in a department located in the basement of the building, so no signal, but we have company provided WIFI, which allows me to jump onto to Crossover and check messages, browse sites on lunch that the company filters out(Ebay, Craig's List etc).  Also call quality has been excellent, as has the 20 or so pictures I have taken, when transferred to my laptop they look really good.  I like the size and even though I do have to scroll sideways to see part of certain websites, I think it's a pretty good tradeoff for the size.  I am actually so pleased, that I don't know if I will even go with the windows phone when my carrier gets it.

This was my first Android phone and so far, I have had no issues.  The little android smileys - well, they should give the option to change those to standard smileys etc.  Otherwise, it works very well.  I would certainly recommend this phone to everyone.

Thank you for getting this gift here before Christmas. My daughter is going to love it. I set it up and it is cool and works great. Thank you again.Roger Brunner

I am quite pleased with my Pantech Crossover Android GoPhone. It does what I wanted my smart phone to do minus the data plan charge. Yeah! Some have said it's chunky. But I think the weight is fine-I know it's well made. It has a good solid feel. What's not to like about this cell phone? Some have reported it freezes or sticks, but my phone was just fine...that is until I dropped it. It stuck or froze for a little while, but is now back, to WORKING WITHOUT the freeze or sticking. Another Yeah! Shouldn't cell companies make better cases in the first place. The instructions always say, something about not bumping, no trauma etc. But Let me ask you. Does it make sense to make a cell phone without a durable case? True, we can buy a protective durable case. But shouldn't these expensive "toys" come in a durable case...in the first place. In our day to day lives, how many things have you accidently dropped? It's inevitable, some place, some where, some time. It's going to happen. Your cell phone will slip from your careful grip, and fall in slow motion, turning over and over. The look on your face, will tell what you are thinking, "Oh no!"  As you watch, with a sinking feeling in your heart, "you've done it." Your cell phone hit the floor. And those around you, will try to conceal their surprise, thinking "Huh, human after all. Ha!"

Its not as small as people made it out to be just got my phone yesterday july 3 2012 and I am in love with it cannot take my hands off of it. Amazon you guys are amazing everything that I have ordered of here has been wonderful. Its not to big not to small and for a prepaid phone oh yes a must have.

Love this phone.  Got my $25.00 credit with one phone call to AT&T.;  The only thing I miss is that my old phone would allow me to set the notification sound to repeat every 2 minutes.  This one lets you know once and if you don't hear it you don't even know that you have a text message.  I forget to keep checking and the other day I had two texts that I didn't even know about.I love Amazon and the great service it provides.

This Phone Is Alright But It Is Way Too Slow! & Sometimes It Just Shuts Off Out Of Nowhere! Grrr!

This phone replaced my Windows Mobile 6.1 HTC Fuze (aka HTC Touch Pro for other carriers), and I could not be more pleased.  Let me begin by stating that the phone does NOT include a $25 airtime credit as advertised.  This was a promotion ran by AT&T that has ended awhile back, so keep in mind this phone does not include any airtime money.  As other reviewers have stated, I e-mailed Amazon about this and within 24 hours they responded and are crediting $25 + tax back to my credit card that I used to pay for the order (this is even better imo, giving me $25 off the price of the phone!).  Now on to my review of the phone itself.  The phone specs a processor @ 600 Mhz, which is similar to the 566 Mhz of my previous phone, and I was expecting similar performance.  However, this phone blows my HTC Fuze away.  Not sure if it is hardware or the Android OS, but the Pantech Crossover outperforms my Fuze in every way.  Exceeds my expectations in every way.  Easy to use, and intuitive OS.  Very responsive touch screen allows me to easily swipe between 5 home screens, pinch to zoom, etc. No noticeable lag even when running processor-intensive apps such as GPS and Audio Player at the same time.  The slide-out keyboard has a great sturdy and spacious feel, and is very easy to use for all text input applications. The keyboard slides back into the phone very securely, unlike my Fuze that was constantly jiggling around.  The on-screen keyboard, although not really needed, works very well and is easy to use; I especially like the swype function that accurately determines the words you want to spell. The hardware buttons are useful and well located, and there are free apps available to custom program their function if desired.  The WiFi functions very fast, with easy web browsing, audio/video streaming, etc. all with very little lag. I thought I would attempt to max out the processor by running GPS, Web Browser, SNES Emulator, and Media Player simultaneously; and even with all of that the only lag I experienced was switching between the running apps.  The only cons I can say about this phone are that the accelerometer that detects portrait/landscape mode will sometimes lag for a few seconds before figuring out you have turned the phone (if keyboard isn't out, in which case it immediately switches to landscape mode, which is good), and the battery life could be a little longer.  However, I am so impressed with the phone that I have been using it extensively throughout the day, with wi-fi on, running various high-end apps, and one charge gets me about 3/4 through the day (7am to about 6pm) before needing to plug in.  If I were using it normally, which is for calls/texts here and there and occasionally using an app here and there, (as opposed to tinkering and experimenting with the phone all day) I am certain the battery would easily last through a full day.  Other than that, I have been so impressed with this little Android phone I truly hope to see more smartphones from Pantech in the future.  Even though the display is HVGA, the colors are vivid and graphics appear better than my Fuze, even though it was full VGA with a screen of the same size.  I would definitely recommend this to any tech geek such as myself who is on a budget, you won't be disappointed.

att is stopping the pay as you go data option for smart phones effective 4/18/2012. gophone users will have to buy the monthly plan ($25 per month minimum) AND buy the data if they wish to use the gophone att data service. This pretty much renders the smart phone useless for my use. I am only a lite voice call user and dont need many minutes.

I purchased this phone and right out the box it has probelms, 1 it will not allow me to use any other sim card besides the 1 that comes with it even though at&ts instructions are to just swap simcards to keep your old number. It doesnt come with the airtime it promises. The phone feels chunky and heavy like a hunk of old plastic, returning this asap not worth 12$ let alone 130

I bought this phone from Amazon on May 11th. I called ATT with the number that came with the phone.ATT has no idea how to give me 25 dollar credit. Contacted Amazon twice, They open a ticket and say they will get back to me in a few days.Never did.  This is false advertising..pure and simple.  My return window is closing. I am going to return it if Amazon cannot resolve the credit issue. This is the first time I had this kind of experience from Amazon in ten years. The two stars are for the phone.

The phone itself is nice, a good deal for the price and it has a nice camera and overall a good value.  I don't want to deter anyone from buying this phone, as I have no real complaints with it, but I do have major issues with the customer service from AT&T; in regards to their GoPhone plan.First off, the instructions inside this box says the $25 credit will be applied within an hour after activating the phone.  We waited several hours, with no credit. We called AT&T; to port our number from a US Cellular number, but they kept telling us we needed to have airtime credit in order to do that.  We'd tell them we're supposed to have a credit, they'd tell us it should be there within 10 minutes. And put this cycle on repeat and you get a great idea of how things went for the next couple of days. They insisted we had activated the SIM card on a Samsung phone, although we had installed the SIM card that came in the box into our Pantech phone. They were very confused and kept telling us we had used a Samsung phone, basically calling us liars, when CLEARLY we did not, we don't even own a Samsung phone. They begrudgingly ported my number, but no airtime credit. So I was unable to use the phone for several days while I battled with them over the free credit. It never arrived. I finally broke down and added $10 to my account just so people could get ahold of me if needed.  We called about 5-6 times inquiring about the credit, always being told they were doing it now and please wait 10 minutes.  The last time we called they said it could be a week. We waited the week.....no credit.  Called again. No credit.  This has gone on for several weeks and I feel the credit will never come.  I've contacted Amazon as they advertise this as coming with the credit and awaiting response, will update when I have a resolution.Overall, phone is great --- but don't count on the credit.*****UPDATE*****  Amazon issued me a $25 promotional credit, so all's well that end's well. Happy customer.

There is no airtime credit for this phone.  I've made two trips to an ATT "core" store and had two conversations with Amazon and have not resolved the issue.

I got this phone for my 10-year old as her 11's Bday present. She loves it! It is very easy to use and she can take great pictures and text her friends. The only thing I myself do not like much is the touch screen is too sensitive, especialy when typing. But my girl prefers it is this way. Sigh...The shipping was very fast. For some reason ATT did not grant us the $25 credit. Phoned Amazon. They shipped me a replacement right away. The 2nd phone worked.

This has been a great choice for me. As a cell phone novice I love the slide out QWERTY keyboard which does  make this phone is a little heavy for a pocket.  The touch screen is very responsive and I find the battery life excellent.  Be sure you power it off every few days or it locks up.  I enjoyed the other reviewers details and did some comparison reviews/shopping. This is a great deal.  I did have to call ATT to get my $25 and they were quite pleasant.  If you have to call, dial 611 and ask for customer service instead of going through all the prompts. I've been using it for only 6 weeks now but am very pleased so far. I also love ATT prepaid coverage.

im not easy on my phones normally I have to buy a new one every other month I have had this one for 8 months now my monthly bills dropped to $35 down from $75 and iv had no issues yet im very very happy I look forward to buying another pantech when I have to replace this one

My first smart phone of any kind-really had an old style. First there is no $25.00 worth of airtime.Have not spent muchg time yet trying to fight for it. The phone works well, and, the camera is easy to use.Where the phone connects to charge is a little chaep feeling- waiting for it to break.A little hard to dial when "puching"in the numbers-easy to fat finger. Do not find the instructionsvery well written so takes a little trial and error. For upgarding an old system to get the new featuresbut keep the "Go Phone" option seems good. As someone else said if you want all the features you needto sign up for a monthly amount, but, still way less than many others.Do your homework..

I actually am about to order this phone, but I would like to inform you about AT&T's $25 plan. Although it says $25 for 90 days, it actually only lasts 28-30 days. You will not lose your phone number, pictures, etc. until after 90 days, however you will lose your texting/calling after 30 days. I would not recommend sneaky AT&T. Very disappointing. :(

For those of you having trouble getting the $25 credit the number to call is 866-499-7888. I admit this process is somewhat difficult but obtainable if you follow these steps. Call the number above tell them you recently bought a pantech crossover. Tell them you have not received your credit and its been longer than the stated 1 hour wait time for the credit to be applied. I waited two days before calling. Tell them you purchased it off of amazon.comIf the number stated above is incorrect call the At&t; customer care number 1-800-331-0500. Choose the option different number I believe option 2. Hit 0 wait until you hear voice, the automated voice will prompt you to type in your number, keep hitting zero until you get a rep. If you typed in your go phone number you will be directed elsewhere. This takes you to the go phone self-service number and i could not find  the speak with a representative option. Once you have a rep on the phone ask right away to be transferred to the go phone department. This department will get you the credit.ProsAffordableAccess to apps on Google Play (Android Market)Plays MusicUses WifiSlide out KeyboardComes with 2 GB memory cardComes with Car ChargerConsIf you have too much widgets and apps on your homepage it will freeze. It froze so bad i couldn't remove any apps. To resolve the freezing issue I had to hard reset the phone using the function key to make a shortcut to the settings.You have to have the $25 or $50 plan to purchase a data package. This is a con but i can see why they enacted this rule. If you get the data plan and free texting app they lose profits from people not buying messaging packages.When powering up it is somewhat of a slow startup. Doesn't bother me though.Had problems receiving picture messages but the customer rep walked me through the steps to fix this. She told me to go to settings-wireless and network settings- turn off wifi -go to network settings, then make sure data services is turned on.ConclusionAll in all this is a great phone if you know what you are getting yourself into. Very good phone for consumers on a budget like myself. Just remember to not put too many widgets or apps on your homepage or you will more than likely freeze your phone.

I bought 2 of these phones - one for my wife and one for myself.  We are both current long-time GoPhone customers and previously had dumb phones.  Sims transferred over fine and I called 611 on the new phone for GoPhone customer service.  If you get to the second level of voice menus and wait for the "any thing else?" (I'm paraphrasing that) you can say "customer service" and get a GoPhone operator live.  On my wife's phone the operator looked up the IMEI number I gave her from the phone and applied the $25 airtime credit right away. I also had her block data to be sure that they didn't tack on a data plan.  When I did the same thing for mine the operator said to wait 48 hrs. to see if the credit showed up which it didn't.  I then called back and they applied the credit.  I downloaded the Gingerbread version of the OS and had no trouble with the sideload on both phones.  Since we are using the phones in a dumb mode for voice and texting I'm not sure that there is much benefit in the upgrade.  I notice that many Googled reviews say the keyboard is good but everything else is so-so.  The phone works fine for me.  My wife seems to have a little trouble with the touch screen. If it is capacitive technology - a small person with dry skin may find it a little hard to activate key zones.  I use the slide out keyboad for texting and like it.  No quantum leaps in voice signal sensitivity.  It is better than my old one and about the same as my wifes old one.

This phone is amazing.  It is an entry level smartphone.  On sale, the device was $60.  It (Android) allows the user to disable 3G data usage, which is great if one does not have a data plan (like myself).  There is not much RAM, but since this is running 2.3.6 it works just fine.  The OS needs to be upgraded to 2.3.6.  I find the interface quite easy to use.  There is an extra &#34;function&#34; on the top left that brings up a shortcut menu.  This may take between 10-20 seconds to load.  It's an old phone.  It has a full keyboard.  The &#34;L&#34; key sticks and needs to be pressed hard in order to register.  I contacted AT&T and requested an unlock code.  They provided me with the code.  Also, make sure to use the SIM card provided with the phone (on the new phone) when trying to obtain the $25 airtime.  This was a hassle because I didn't follow this procedure.

The phone is nice and pretty good with the features and accessories. The touch screen interface is a also quite good.  When I turned it on, I selected WiFi Only, which means I do not plan to use a data plan. Inside the house, close to WiFi, this worked great.However, after I inserted an existing SIM card from ATT, I got an email the following day saying that they have added a data plan to the account, since this is a smart phone.The phone manufacturer does not state that this phone requires a data plan. But many of the reviewers on this forum have stated that they could use this phone without a data plan.I don't think that is correct. If there is anyone who may have a comment or differ, please feel free to write. Honestly, IMHO, there must be a phone which can work on WiFi only for data and use network for voice and text.Republic wireless is one such company I am aware of. $19/month with unlimited data, text and voice.This has the potential to kill all these big operators, if it becomes a reality (which I sincerely hope so).

i recieved this the other day and i did not recieve my 25 dollars air time as everyone says as well, but over all the phone has alot of nice traits and is a joy to get to know.

I've had the Pantech Crossover for 13 months now and it is a good little phone.  It's even pretty tough.  I ran it over with a 1000lb lawnmower wheel and it still works fine!  Overall, it's a great phone for the price.  I use it on Straight Talk's $45 plan have had no issues with that either.I would like it to have less installed software, but thanks to some other reviewers, I've got that under control now too.  The only other negative is the small size of the onboard memory and ram.  But it's a cheap phone, so I can't complain about it.There is a free update to Android 2.3 from the Pantech website, but I would only recommend doing the update if you've just bought it.

this phone was too big and bulky. My mom dropped it one time and now it doesn't work anymore. So I got her a new phone and threw this one away. Terrible

This is simply false advertising -- I absolutely COULD NOT get the credit.  Finally went to an AT&T store after gettin nowhere over the phone and they could not have been more UNHELPFUL.

As a longtime fan of no-contract phones, and someone who's been looking for a smartphone, I fell in love with this little device almost immediately. The touchscreen isn't the most responsive at times, but the sliding keyboard makes up for it. It's my first smartphone (which feels awkward, coming from an IT student) but I would - and will - recommend it to anyone looking for a low-budget phone on a low-budget plan. It's a real performer, and I'd value it more than most $200+ phones.

Ok before I get started I just want to say that the phone is great and so far it makes a great paper weight. (UPDATE Now working with Net10 perfectly) I have had plenty of time to fiddle with all the settings and because of WiFi I have been able to update all my apps and make the phone the way I like it.Also if you have not read any of the reviews and your used to the un-touched Android system you should know that AT&T; added and changed some of the things in the Pantech like the bottom four soft key buttons can't be changed (call,mess,net,etc).  I found a way around this using (Go Launcher Pro) from Google play.  It is a free desktop skin for Android and it overrides the AT&T; screen and has a bunch of great themes you can add to it, very sweet.  Also their call program is a bit different, but in the end I ended up liking it better than the original as it was easier to navigate and the colors are easy on the eyes. (UPDATE ON THE CALL PROGRAM) I found that I could not use the AT&T; contact list as it would just hang waiting to talk to AT&T; servers.  Since I was not going to use this phone with AT&T; I found another great freebee on Google play called "EX DIALER"  Not only did it by pass the AT&T; program so that I could use my contacts updated from my Google account, it also has some great skins to make it cool looking.It still takes me a little bit to get used to having the settings and home buttons as "hard" buttons instead of "soft touch" buttons but it's not that big of a deal.  I heard of some folks talk about the screen being hard to see or have a yellow tint but my phone shows none of those problems and the screen can be set to be very bright.  It does not have an auto brightness built in like my Droid.  I bought a nice rubberized case for it that fit it perfectly and ordered some screen covers to boot.The camera for me takes pretty good pictures even in lower light but one draw back it that it has about a 2 second delay from when you hit the camera button and when it clicks the pic.  You almost think it isn't going to take the picture so if your trying to get that quick before it's gone pic you might be disappointed, but I didn't need a super camera so it does just fine for me.The outside speaker on this phone is very quiet compared to my Droid.  I could hardly hear the ringer even if it was in my hand and I found myself wanting to keep turning it up.  So to fix this I found another app on Google play called (Funny SMS Ringtones) and it has some great "LOUD & Funny" sounds for notification and ringtones that are easy to hear.  I think that it's not so much the speakers fault but that the built in ringtones are just to quiet.  So now when my phone rings (testing it) it is very loud.  (UPDATE)  After using this phone in the real world with the new ringtones I have no problem hearing my phone even in it's case.Now the real reason I bought this phone over many others was because of the keyboard.  Most keyboards are too small for my big (meat cutter fingers) to use.  But Pantech decided to use four rows instead of 5 so that you can actually get your fingers on the darn buttons.  Some complain about that and others say it's great.  (UPDATE) I did notice that when using the screen keyboard that it does not have a T9 or any other suggestion program like my Droid had but since I use the keyboard most of the time anyway it does not matter to me except when I can't spell something right : ) Other than that it does what most Android smart phones do and I really like the phone and it's "different" design and should be happy with it for some time.So Now the ugly...  If you are thinking of buying this phone and using it with AT&T; just don't do it.  You will regret it and will be very upset for spending your hard earned dollars.  If you want a taste of how bad things are with AT&T; just Google ([...] ) and read all the reviews.I myself bought this phone to use with Net10 and I'm just waiting for the Sim card and Minutes to arrive in the mail.  But I was hoping to use the $25 air time to hold me until my stuff came from Net10.  Well After several frustrating talks with Amazon that kept trying to get me to the Amazon wireless (who by the way has nothing to do with prepaid phones) I finally got to talk to someone who took the time to forward me to AT&T; and wait on the line until I got to talk to a real human (Almost impossible to do with AT&T;).After talking to the AT&T; rep I found out that it could take up to 10 days to activate my phone.  I said WHAT???  Ten days, are you kidding me.  He said yes.  I told him that there isn't another phone company anywhere that would make me wait 10 days to turn on a phone.  He informed me that there was nothing he could do as it was already in the system. In the mean time my phone keeps getting texts (every day) from AT&T; telling me I need to give them more money.  And I asked him about that.  He said my information was in the system and it "should" activate.  But yet the stupid system keeps telling me to give more money (even today).  It does not say anything about my phone waiting to activate.  They have very deceptive practices and very lousy customer support from India.The other thing they don't tell you is that even if you buy a $50 "unlimited" card you still have to pay for a "data" plan for this phone.  The "unlimited" plan does not include your data (and you have to have a data plan for this phone).  So in the end you will end up paying the $50.00 and up to $15.00 for a data plan.  For a better price you can use this phone with a company like Straight Talk or Net10 for $50 bucks or under and it covers everything.  So save yourself the trouble and don't use AT&T.;  It has been over 6 days now (Update 9 days) and still I get the "give us money texts" and no service from them.  Even though they say everything is right and I did set it up correctly.  I did finally get Amazon to give my $25 bucks back and that helped with all the trouble.So in the end after spending months looking for a good smart phone from some of the pre-paid company's and being very disappointed with the quality as most were very cheap this phone feels great and the keyboard is supper easy to use and has a nice feel to it (Especially with the new Rubberized Case).  I would not have a problem paying the full price for it.  Though I just saw that it went up almost 40 bucks (UPDATE) Looks like they dropped it back down.  Still when looking for a great quality though not the fanciest smart phone this phone is very much worth the price.  Just don't think you will get that $25 bucks from AT&T; because you will be sadly mistaken.  I have talked to Amazon about this as I'm sure others have too but it seems that because it is sold with the credit it is not something they can change so make a informed decision and get a good phone and ignore the $25 dollar air time credit.UPDATE 9-10-12  Ok so after 9 days I still had no service from AT&T; and my Net10 sim and air time card finally arrived.  So I called up Net10 to make sure I did everything right.  Took about 5 minutes to ad my information and Activate the Sim.  Told me to turn off the phone and turn it back on.  So I did and like a normal phone service should act my phone was activated and running IN LESS THAN 10 MINUTES.After that I had to update the Access Point Name on my Pantech to work with Net10 data servers (Internet and Email) and I was done.  They give you pretty easy instructions on the settings that need to be updated but I still had to go online to see where I could find these settings on my phone.For those of you that are not intimidated by this, this is how you do that.  On your home screen hit the settings button (left hard button) and touch the settings tab.  Then touch the (wireless & networks) button.  Then scroll down to the bottom and touch the (Mobile Networks) button.  The you will see the third listing down is (Access Point Names) so touch that button.  When you get to this point you will see the two AT&T; settings.  So now just click on the left hard button to bring up the settings and touch the (New APN) button.  From this point you will need the settings that come with your service provider.  Just fill in the ones it tells you and leave the others blank.  Make sure to take your time and get all the spelling right or you will have to do it again.  After that  just hit the back button and then you will see the new APN (Net10, Straight Talk).  Just touch the button next to the name to highlight it green and then click your home button and that's it.I do thank someone for telling me about going to Facebook to fix the AT&T; problem but if that is the way a company works where I can't talk to someone live on the phone and fix the problem then I do not want to do business with them.  I know for a fact that there is no way to prove who you are on Facebook and you could be talking to anybody in the world.  There are millions of fake Facebook accounts.  If you gave that person your information and then found out it was fake you would be in serious trouble.  It's just not the way to do business.One more thing that I thought I would mention is about the Google sign in when you first boot up the phone.  If you have ever had a android phone before and had a Google account then this is the account you want to use when it asks.  If you don't have one then you will at this point want to go online and make one as you will need it to get on the Google play for all your Apps.  Even if you have not activated the phone you want to enter this information the first time you turn on your phone because if you don't do it now there is a chance that it will never sync your accounts (Email and Personals like Phone #'s).  And then the only way to fix it is to factory reset the phone and start over.  Just ask me how I found this one out lol....So in the end what is my view on this phone?  I really like this phone and if it had been my first Android phone I probably wouldn't have known the difference.  I think in the end it would have been better for AT&T; to leave the phone alone and let the customer decide what programs they wanted or at least make it possible to remove them.  But thankfully by using a couple of add on's like Go launcher Pro, EX Dialer & Funny SMS Ringtones it made my phone work like a charm.  I also understand that this is not a high end phone but in the end it was WAY BETTER than the stock phones I saw in the stores for $100 bucks or more and I am very pleased with it.  So if your going to use AT&T; (not my suggestion) then you probably would be able to use this thing right out of the box (once they finally get your phone turned on).  But if your going to use it with another company then I would download the few add on's and make sure your Google account is entered as soon as you first turn on your phone and you should be pretty happy with it.  I know I am so thanks for taking the time to read my very long review and good luck : )UPDATE 9-9-13:  Well if you made it this far on my super long review then you will be super glad to know that after a year I have had not one problem with this phone.  It's still going strong with no key problems or any other problems.  Really this is one of the best phones I have ever had.  Now I have a friend that uses Verizon and has gone through more phones than I have underwear (no kidding).  Every time he tells me he had to get another phone because of this or that I just laugh and shake my head and thank God that after a year I am still going strong with this little phone.  The only thing I have had to buy is another case as I finally dropped the phone and it broke.  But then that is what cases are for : )

I wanted a &#34;prepaid&#34; cell phone and ordered this.  During the process of registering the phone I was asked what package I wanted.  I was offered a $65, $55 or $25 a month plan.  I wanted a prepaid phone and had to return this just a week before Christmas.  Not a happy shopper today.

This cell phone has a nice weight to it, and vibrant colors!Very durable, awesome slide out keyboard.Only thing is the camera is only 3 megapixels, which is a little inconvenient.and the touch screen could be a little more smooth and have a faster response.Other than that the phone is great.and I'd recommend it to anyone looking to get on the android market.

Cellphone is ok, x people who likes smart phones, i can't use it any loger, 'cause is my tool in my gob

I had a broken phone that worked better than this phone, and I went back to it cause I just couldn't deal with it any more this phone sucked that bad!

Pantech Crossover Prepaid Android GoPhone (AT&T) with $25 Airtime Credit???. We try to active the phone, but AT&T doesn't give us the $25 credit

I love my phone , sound clear , reception excelent  . Do get signals where phoe 3 X more expecive do not get  signals .For what i use it for  it is perfect. ( work outside , Farming )  solid  .

After activating this Pantech crossover phone according to the included instruction, a new phone number was given, but no airtime credit.

Real talk...this phone is great...I just recently brought this phone no problems...I  went to pantechusa.com an downloaded the android gingerbread os it runs smoother & faster. If your looking for a durable midrange android grab this one.  I gave it five stars!

opened box ,charged phone. installed sim card. activation was succesful.i was told to wait one hour for the 25 dollar credit.no luck.I sure hope amazon will make good,as im a sick old man with very little funds to purchase another phone with minutes.jason singer.

I have had this phone several months. I bought it to see if I would really like owning a smart phone (I am one of those people who does not like to be tethered to a phone).  It functions well. I am still getting used to it.  Biggest problem is it must be recharged frequently even with very little use.

I really like this phone but i seem to be coming across some problems mostly concerning the 25$ airtime credit i was supposed to receive with the phone.When i open the phone and turned it on and began to complete the various steps to activate my phone it would not let me complete the 3rd step accurately and now i can't even add the airtime that i got with it and on top of that i am completely confused on how to set up my att.com/gophone account thingy. If anyone can give me advice or help please do so because otherwise i feel as if i've spent my money on something that isn't worth the aggravation.

Ordered this to replace a Nokia 6350 phone and switched from Post paid plan with AT&T; to pre-paid plan.This same phone apparently is NOT sold in the AT&T; stores but online for MUCH more so $79.99 was a great deal.I did have to contact AT&T; about the airtime credit as well as Amazon (supposed to receive $25 credit to NEW or existing GoPhone customers, 150 minute credit in 5 business days if existing AT&T; customer receiving monthly bill), but what happened was that b/c I posted to AT&T; facebook about the frustration I had to deal with b/c calling AT&T; the representative could not assist - I was contacted by their Social Media Manager and she was able to get the $25 airtime credit onto my account in a few days.  So ideally you probably should put on some money so you can use phone right away and worry about getting the $25 airtime credit later.  Amazon also e-mailed me around same time but I believe it was the Manager at AT&T; who took care of the problem.  I don't use the data plan and like the idea I can use Wifi in my house or free wifi if I'm out and about at other places.  I also like typing with keyboard as opposed to just on the screen, as more likely to make mistakes with my fingers.  I can't really comment much on battery life b/c I do try to charge it every 2 days but I don't use it much to make phone calls or text.  I bought the skinomi protective shield which fits great.Comes with USB charger and car charger and SIM card.It is usually linked to Google search and Google play store, but when pressing the "globe for web" connection, it brings you up to Yahoo webpage.  Can also set up e-mail to whichever account but can only pick one.If the lighting in room is not bright enough, pictures taken with camera will come out dark.Reception so far sounds good.  Only time I had a problem was when I called AT&T; and for some strange reason, I couldn't hear all the computerized menu choices and it kept on going in and out but that was only one time.Addendum: after having this for 1 1/2 years  - it tends to freeze a lot, and I am not sure what happened, maybe the settings I have but the battery life is getting shorter and shorter that I have to charge almost every day now whereas before I didn't - it may have something to do with updating applications

This phone was OK at best, and awful after a few months of use. It barely lasted a year before it stopped working. Even when it was brand new the processor is so slow. The touch screen would randomly stop working in spots and I would have to turn it off and back on again to fix the problem. Toward the end the home button stopped working and then it wouldn't receive calls. Comes preloaded with a ton of junk that you can't delete. I would say if you are desperate for a phone that isn't excruciatingly basic like some of the flip go phones, this is an OK option, but don't expect it to last you more than a year or to be frustration free.

Pantech Crossover phone itself is a decent phone. Not an iPhone, not a Galaxy III, but absolutely usable phone for low end 'smart-ish' phone. I purchased two of them to take on a vacation so that our higher-end phones wouldn't get lost/damaged @ beach and on our adventures. Worked perfectly for that use. Voice quality great. Texting great. Hardware nice. Solid feeling, keyboard nice. Touch screen nice. I found I used the touch screen for typing and didn't need the keyboard most times. If active texting, keyboard was handy and had nice feel.The problem comes from the $25 credit. Still no luck getting that. So, if the $25 credit is a make or break decision point for you, skip this phone.Here's my sad saga and my star ratings as it happened...***** - Got the phones in two days***** - Activated the phones quickly*** - One hour passes, $25 credit should show up....doesn't.**** - Called AT&T; customer service - sat on hold for 30 min...finally got to a customer service person, after another 45 min with her, she agreed I *should* be getting a $25 credit and it would come w/in an hour.** - Two days later, no credit applied** - Call AT&T; customer service again - sat on hold for 45 min...finally got to a customer service person. After 90 min, conclusion is that the phones aren't eligible for $25 credit and I'm told I need to talk to the retailer who sold me the phone.*** - Contact Amazon customer service via chat - 3 stars b/c Amazon has outstanding reputation for fixing customer issues. (Make that *HAD* an outstanding reputation.) After 40 min chat, I'm told they need to research and will email with answer w/in 5 days** - Have to leave for vacation, so I have to put $25 from my credit card onto each phone so I can use them on vacation. With that on GO phone, you get 12 days of unlimited service ($2/day) but it expires in 30 days - more than enough for vacation.* - Amazon Customer service emails me 4 days later states that one phone gets a $25 credit, the other does not b/c I didn't use the included SIM card. Two problems here...1) the phone that gets the $25 credit - the credit expires the same time as the money I already paid - so it's worthless. 2) the second phone was activated with the included SIM card and Amazon/AT&T; is confused.* - Contact Amazon customer Service one more time, two weeks later after vacation. Now told need to contact amazon wireless directly.Bottom line - I'm out $50. My experience with AT&T; customer service - absolutely unacceptable worst in class. My experience with Amazon customer service on this purchase - not much better.(Update: Amazon Wireless team is helping). I've spend literally $1000's of dollars with Amazon over the years and this is the first time I've ever been ripped off. I'm around 4 hrs with various customer service people trying to get this resolved and I'm not giving up yet, but right now, my recommendation would be to purchase wireless phones from some other retailer if promotions are involved and matter to you.Update:**  - Contacted Amazon Wireless...told them my sad saga.  They were pretty embarrassed.  Gave me a $30 credit and now are trying to work with AT&T; to get me the $25 credits from AT&T.;  Still not resolved, but at least they are now trying to make things right.Update 2:* 1/2 - Received $30 credit from Amazon, was told they would work with AT&T; to resolve the issue and call me back.  Received a call two days later stating they had not resolved the issue but would work it and call me back with resolution.  Now three months later.  No call back, no lovin'.Bottom line.  Phones ok, $25 credit is a myth.

I had the older model of this phone and I ran over it with my car on accident.  I laid it on top if my car and forgot that is was there. After running it over I got out of the car and picked it up and to my surprise it still worked.  I bought this phone because the other one was spider webbed and I was afraid of cutting my fingers.  I like the improvements they have made to the phone. They have upgraded the camera, added the wifi feature and the android market.  This phone is durable and a must for someone who is as destructive as me.  Plus it comes with 2g of extra storage, a car charger and $25 in air time.  Not a bad deal at all.

This phone is cheap, it works well, has android. You pay $25.50 per month for unlimited text and 250 minutes (unused minutes DO NOT roll over, unfortunately).  I don't use a data plan because you can use local AT&T; wifi hot spots or any other wifi (internet) connection instead.  I can wait until I have wifi, don't need "on the go" instant updates of email, etc. (texting and voice always work, of course).  This is far, far cheaper than any other personal phone plan I've been able to find and is an excellent deal.The phone itself is a treat.  It works very well, has a nice screen, the slide-out keyboard is great, android runs smoothly and the phone is very responsive.  Photos and videos look ok, the vid/cam works fine. Making calls and texting works great as expected.  Has all the nice features you could want and you can download additional android apps, of course, for the extras you may need.  It even comes with a pre-installed 2 GB MicroSD card (to store your music, photos, videos, etc.)- nice touch! All in all, this has to be one of, if not the, best phone deals available. It even has an excellent built-in GPS!Yes, you do have to call AT&T; to get them to apply the $25 credit, but they are nice, very helpful, and it's fairly painless.  You manage your account on AT&T;'s web site and it's very easy to setup and fund for auto-renew.  But you can stop and put it on "hold" anytime you like.  A great feature.  And no contract!I have had mine for about two months now and am *very* happy with the phone, many great features and works well.Update 12-05-2012:  Still working fine.  Have had a few minor glitches, as with most devices, but nothing of any consequence.  Still love this phone and cheap, no contract plan.  The GPS function works great!  I have downloaded and installed numerous apps and all work fine.  Phone is pretty responsive and display looks nice, easy to read, and so on.  I am very satisfied with it and have recommended it to many of my friends.  Have not seen anything cheaper of this quality.

This is a neat phone.  It's biggest problem seems to be a lack of battery power, but in part that's because it has some real power using features including GPS and a brilliant touch screen.  But for someone like me, who is simply replacing by dumb gophone, I've added a GPS, an MP3 player, a WIFI enable internet browser, and any android ap that I want, all without having to spend more than $8 bucks a month I currently spend for my emergency phone.  In fact, I was able to simple switch my SIM card--easy--and I even kept my phone number and cash balance.  I do not do data, but rely on WI-FI for surfing the internet.For people who can't justify for themselves spending hundreds if not thousands on a phone over the course of a contract, this is a fabulous way to go!!!!

After 4 days of effort, I finally got my $25 airtime credit this morning. I will suggest those who can't get the airtime credit over the phone just bring your phone and the box with $25 airtime credit sticker to your att store nearby directly. Bring this issue to the representatives in the store and they will call and solve this problem for you. That's how I get it. Except this issue, the phone is fabulous. I like it.

I use this phone to calling, text, pictures...I hate phone contracts so this worked perfect. I've had it about a year though and it's a little laggy...it has taken some good falls though

I received the item in record time. I read some of the previous reviews and saw that getting the credit might be a problem. So....I waited exactly 1 hour and then called AT&T;'s go phone c/s number. Spoke with a very knowledgeable and nice rep who was able to help me without much problem (all it took was her looking up the code I supplied to her which was right on the side of the box to see that a $25 credit was indeed due to me). She said it would take approx. 10 minutes to get onto my account and EXACTLY 10 minutes later she called me (on the # I provided to her) to tell me it was all done. It was that easy! She was even able to answer questions I had regarding the different rate plan options and the $25 credit was able to be used as my first month of the $25/mo. plan that I picked :-)  I know this review is primarily based on my experience getting the $25 credit, but seeing so many people comment about their problems, I just wanted to mention how fortunate I was to not have to experience similar negative issues.Re: the phone itself- so far, so good. I've only had it a day (purchased for my teen who will primarily use it to call/text only) and he's been able to navigate and use w/ ease. Its not the lightest phone, but that's okay w/ me. His last phone was so light, it felt like a toy! The battery lasted all day, but I'm sure if used the data/internet, the battery would drain quicker.Overall, I would def. recommend this phone, plan and pre-paid service provider. VERY reasonably priced phone and $25 per month for UNLIMITED texting plus 250 calling minutes is perfect for my budget and needs.

This is my first Android phone and it's a great deal for a GO Phone!  I did not receive the $25 credit from AT&T;, however, when Icontacted AMAZON they credited me a $25 amazon credit. [I love these guys!] Also, if one is able to get a wifi connection at home, work,or at AT&T; hotspots, he does not have to have a data plan. I learned this from my local AT&T; store.  That was another plus for me. So, ifyou want an Android without having to have the contract, this is the way to go!

I have this phone for a day, so for I love it especially for the price! The touch screen response very well. I have a ipod touch and a LG phone before, the LG touch screen was horrible that I had to return the phone. This one is very good like an ipod. The phone is just the right size for me, to have all the functions I need. I had to call in to get the $25.00 credit. The instruction said you should get it automatically 1 hour after you activate the phone, but I didn't. But had no trouble getting it thru customer service.

Found this phone easy to use but I could not get the $. 25 credit as promised , had to buy a card to put credit on , a bit of a bummer

My daughter loves this phone. She needed a smart phone so she could access the Internet in high school (they have a BYOT policy). It has all the Google apps pre-loaded and the camera is a good quality. She uses the camera to photograph the white board, the voice recorder to give herself reminders, and uses Evernote and Google calendar -- plus all the usual things one uses a smart phone for. Having an AT&T Go-Phone was also very convenient. I did have to call AT&T to get the $25 Airtime Credit, but when I spoke with a supervisor and gave him the IMEI number (located underneath the battery) he added that manually. Great value.

Has all of the features of any other Android smart phone without the hefty price tag.  A little on the slow side probably due to the low-end processor.  But you get what you pay for.

I RECVD MY PHNE IN 2DAY...BRAND NEW...IN THE ATT BOX AND EVERYTHING! I GOT A CIG ADAPTER, WALL CHARGER, AND VERSATILE USB CORD THAT CAN BE USED WITH EITHER ADAPTER. PHONE IS AWESOME!! NO PROBLEMS WITH IT..I LOVE IT...PROGRAMS EASILY AND HAVEN'T HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT. LINKS TO MY ROUTER AT HOME AND JUST BLAZESSS THE INTERNET! WONDERFUL INVESTMENT- I WILL HAVE IT FOR LIFE..LOL

They say it's entry level, but plenty of phone for me. Upgraded the OS to &#34;Gingerbread&#34; with no problem -- and that's as far as I could take it. Most marketplace apps run, though I haven't tried that many. It's a little bulky, but that's the price to pay for a cool slide-out keyboard with tactile buttons. Great for my big old hands. Bought a rubberized hard case that makes it even easier to handle.Battery life doesn't seem to be that great. You just need to diligently charge it every day. That's not unhandy with the ability to charge at home from USB or a wall outlet, or from your car with the include adapter..The sound is fine and I like the display. The camera isn't the best but is handy. I couldn't get the AT&T; online contacts to work right. Still fiddling with that.I like pre-pay, esp. as I get my feet wet and assess my usage needs. No data plan -- just use wifi for that.What I don't like is paying to check voicemail and for incoming communications. But that's AT&T.; I called them but I'm still waiting for my $25 included air time.I've been deep in digital since 1982 and am amazed at the complexity and sophistication of even this low-end device. Now I know why I see so many people staring at their cells -- not necessarily using them, but trying to figure them out. At least they're making the effort to interact, not just watching TV.

With this price u can not find anyone better than this so far. Go call att to ask for the airtime credit will take a little more time to deal with.

The phone was not what I expected after reading the reviews. the ringer is not very loud, not near as loud as my old razor was. the speaker is terrible, you can hardly hear it. the receiption isn't bad but again not as good as my razor. I guess for a low end smaart phone it is ok just don't expect to much. the keyboard doess work well so that is a plus.

Excellent phone for the money.  This was my first Android device and allowed me to try out the the environment before buying a more expensive tablet.  I continue to use this phone today as it fills my cellphone needs perfectly.

My husband's phone died on him, so he wanted his gophone as a quick replacement. It looks and feels very sturdy. The touch screen is responsive and the keyboard feels just right. It is very easy to talk and text with this phone. The speakerphone is not loud enough but he doesn't use it. The bluetooth and wifi funtions are a bonus. We upgrade to android 2.3 through Pantech's website right after it arrived, so I can't say what the differences are between android 2.2 and 2.3. Overall, it works as expected from a gophone.

Sure that you can't compare this phone with IPHONE.Slow touch response and not convenient to use it.Price wise? yes! you get what you paid for.

I have the same experience with ATT and the dozens and dozens of others who bought this product. ATT does not provide the $25 airtime credit upon activation as promised and there is absolutely no way that I can find to get a live person on the phone to discuss it with. The entire ATT gophone system is automated and you will get nowhere with ATT trying to resolve the issue. They are a horrible company that deserves the horrible reputation that they have.I spoke with Amazon about this issue and they indicated that the product has been flagged due to the multitude of complaints about AT&T; stiffing everyone on the airtime credit. Any Class Action Lawyers out there? The class looks to be very big.My recommendation is to avoid all ATT products and services as they will only lead to grief. I think Amazon needs to reevaluate whether or not it should carry AT&T; products.

I used to have a BlackBerry, and I miss the loud volume of my previous phone. It is great as a portable computer. I downloaded Android apps, and it works well as a tiny tablet, but my priority is that it works well as a phone. I am going back to my BlackBerry until I can find a phone that has better volume and dialing.Trying to redeem the $25 airtime was a pain. Be prepared to spend lots of time on hold with AT&T.; Just because it's free doesn't mean you won't pay for it in other ways.

I have had the crossover for about a month and love it. It might not be the fastest smart phone out there, but I didn't need that. I really needed a phone for phone, text and a few apps and that is exactly what I got...I was able to add the apps that I wanted. It has done everything I have wanted it to and I've had no problems with it at all. I just love it. On the $25 credit, all I had to do was call the 800# for AT&T and they processed the credit and I received my $25.

Called AT&T; customer service give them everything required and said nope no airtime included!This was a total sad product.

Neat little phone for the price. I bought it to use with my T-mobile account. Wasn't sure it would work, but found a way to unlock it on youtube. Just search for "unlock pantech crossover p8000". Now works with my T-mobile account and all my info on my SIM card is accessible. I like the android OS and wifi capabilities. Tried the GPS function and it kept searching for satellites. Don't know if is an issue with the phone or just happen to not be in the best spot for satellite coverage. Phone works well for voice, sending and receiving. Speaker is also pretty good for listening to web audio. I also like the voice command feature. If you're looking for a starter smart phone that works with your sim card, this is a good one.Update: Be sure to disable the GPS, bluetooth, and wifi if you're not using it or battery life is terrible.  Less than 10 hours on standby.

I still have 6 months left on my contract with ATT, and wouldn't you know it, the screen crapped out on my HTC Aria. I tried to get by with a Palm Pixi, but there are just too many Android applications that I have become dependent on. At this price, the crossover is a fine replacement for an entry level Android device. It's no dual core, spec monster power house, but considering the original Iphone had a 412mhz processor and 128mbs of ram, for $120.00 you get a 600mhz processor and 384mbs of ram. There is only 512mbs of storage, which equates to a little over 400mbs for market apps. With an adequate micro sd, you will be able to load many apps and store lots of basic video, pictures, music, etc.... If you want a device to play games, stream a lot of video, and are expecting high definition, I would consider something else. Since it has lower specs , expect to manage tasks responsibly, or else you will have some periods of screen unresponsiveness.I may keep this even after my contract is up, it does everything I need a smartphone to do, and I have a nice tablet for fun. Prices on prepaid plans are looking more attractive everyday, and with phones like this for $120.00, who wants to be tied to a carrier for two years.ProsBattery life (last all day and is awesome in standby(3days))GPS fix is fastNice sporty form factorDedicated camera button/nice pics for a 3mpBright screen with good pixel densityQwerty KeyboardPriceCons (minor, obviously not deal breakers since I like the phone overall)Screen is capacitive, but feels like plastic not glassMust manage running apps to avoid screen becoming unresponsive resulting in battery pullDevelopment community not interested in this device/ no clockwork or roms...ATT and Pantech bloatware (can be removed with help from the folks at XDA)Edit: Installed ADW launcher and a simple pattern unlock screen (ATT unused applications removed). The screen is 100% responsive. This phone is a STEAL!

Yes got my phone and love it . And also got the $25.00 airtime that came along with it. Thanks

Cons that keep it from 5 stars: the battery life is a bit short, the screen isn't the biggest.Meh's: you do have to fight for the $25 credit listed, I was on the phone with AT&T; for 15 min - she confirmed I could get it (via the IMEI barcode number from the packaging), but had trouble getting it onto the phone, but should have in the 'next hour'. It may not feel terribly fast, but it isn't totally slow either - plus I use Wi-Fi when at home which seems easier/saves data time. I don't keep it in front of my face all day, so I do need to remember to set email (i did hotmail, no issues) to never check automatically - otherwise you turn on the phone after a few hours to see a $3 data charge. sometimes i get random errors when using apps, but it doesn't seem to do anything / software doesn't crash.Pros: i love having a proper keyboard, as i can't manage to hit tiny screen keys properly and i'm normally a fast typer so screen keys and number keypad were too slow for me. I can 'text' like a 'normal' person now. haha. The screen, while it seems a bit small for what apps try to do with it (wish I could make the apps display 20% smaller), is very vibrant and pretty responsive / slick interface. Overall setup and features are easy and plentiful. I am also having success with the camera - for 3mp it takes well-balanced color shots perfect for web usage and easy to post to FB. I haven't tried to use it as a camcorder or it's other features. Had no problem moving over my SIM card from the puny Samsung flip phone.It's not a "5-star" amazing phone, but for the price + features + being a gophone it's pretty great and I'm very very happy.You will only have after-market cases and such, I had the best luck with the 'empire' stuffs (mine is bright pink and rubberized, though it does carry the 'empire' logo) - those cases stayed on/fit since they have a side of the 4 tabs that is on the corners thus keeping out of the way of the keyboard sliding action and the top/bottom of the cover (thus staying on well).UPDATE: eventually AT&T; made me use the new SIM card that came with the phone, but made sure info/settings/phone number stayed the same. They claim the old SIM isn't compatible and it was the reason I didn't get the credit. But they are calling me (3x so far) to work it out, so I'm also happy with the customer service.

This is my very first mobile phone. I received the phone on 30-Oct-12. The Pantech Crossover doesn't seem too heavy or too awkward to handle, and the screen seems large enough for me. The price of this type of phone is too good to pass up. This phone has more features than I believe that I'll ever use, but times do change and I may find myself using these features as I move along. There certainly is a lot to learn.About the $25 free air time that's supposed to come with the phone: I had to work at it to receive it; and you also will have to work for it.The instructions for the phone say that I would receive the air time credit in approximately one hour after phone activation (this is a brand new account and I am using the SIM card that came with the phone), but the credit didn't register on my account. I gave AT&T; 24 hours and then I visited AT&T;'s wireless support web page and got a phone number to call; I used a land line (I didn't put the phone numbers here because that may violate Amazon's rules). After I made contact with a living person and stated my problem,  I was immediately transferred to another department. I verified every thing about the phone with the AT&T; representative and I was told that I would be receiving the credit in a little while. Well, I gave them another 24 hours and I still didn't get the air time. In the mean time, I did purchase a prepaid GoPhone card and applied the money to my account. I then called AT&T; again, went through the same automated answering stuff until I got to a representative, and received my credit.Tips: Be sure to write down the phone's IMEI number from the inside of the phone before you put the battery in; have your new phone number written down in front of you and the pass code for your account when you call support; when you call for support and you get an automated answering system asking you to "SAY" what you want, say out loud "Talk to someone." The air time credit is only for new accounts. I believe that this particular GoPhone was sold at a much higher price with the air time and now AT&T; will give you a little bit of a run around to get the air time credit. It was a hassle.I couldn't tell you anything about the performance of the phone or camera. I may update this review in the future. Good luck.

The Pantech Crossover device was suppose to replace my Motorola Flipside. The Crossover's touch screen does not work properly occasionally. The device shut off when I was trying to type a text message. This phone's value does not match up with the Motorola Flipside. The company Asurant was just trying to save money by sending me this refurbished phone. I am under a contract phone and I would not recommend this phone to anyone. Even look up the device price on google and the price is cheaper then the Motorola Flipside. What a bunch of scam artists.

This is great phone. I would recomend this phone to anyone that`s looking for a new phone.it`s a great deal and ships real fast too.

This cell phone is a very good starter cell phone and has everything U need to search the web! plus get $25 to start. I use callingmart.com and only get charged $47.50 for unlimited use!

This is the best value android on the market i personally am pleased with the performance of this little powerhouse. At&t just released the Android 2.3 update on att.com/gophone making this even better no 25 bucks yet but i am still pleased.

I have had a dumb phone for a long time and wanted a 'smarter' phone without going all out. I also get my phone service through work, which means no data plan.  This phone is perfect for me - it has wi-fi, which I can use at home or work.  It has a good feel in my hand - solid.  I did upgrade with a 32gb micro sd card and a case.  I love the hefty slider and qwerty keyboard.  Overall, I'm very pleased with this phone.

got this for my wife as a gift, score one for me!!!, good features, nice phone, she loves the full keyboard, does far more than you expect from a phone, air time was a pain in the butt to get, but they got it to us, after about 30 hours or so.

I Did not get the $25 in air time credit that was stated I would get when I bought it.

Good phone for the money.  My teenager wanted a phone and this one fit the bill.  Great price, clear screen full QWERTY Keyboard

had alotta androids. if you look at professional reviews they pretty much all say this is a ok phone. I disagree its awesome nice and simple yet has a ton of features all the pantech loaded features are really nice. some reviews say its green its more like a metallic grey that has the very most minor grenish tint to it. its not slow like they say either. nice keyboard to great phone at great price!

The phone works fine.  It meets my expectations.  There was no $25 Airtime Credit.  But Amazon made good by crediting my account for the amount of the credit.We live out in the boonies.  As a result we have zero bars on the cell phone, that is why we do not own a cell phone but rely on a landline phone.  But it is nice to have a portable phone when we are up and about.  We use a go-phone and that works well except there is no reception near our house.I heard that Blackberry/iPhones type phones can get better reception.  So I thought it was worth giving this type of phone a try as a second go-phone (for the wife) so we can find each other when we are separated in the mall or large mega store.  Well it worked.  I can now even get one or two bars at my home.I talked to the AT&T; representative and he said this type of phone can take advantage of the newer towers and that is why the reception is better than a normal go-phone.There was no $25 airtime credit even though it is clearly identified on the box.  I followed the directions given in the instructions.  The credit should have appeared within an hour after phone activation, except it didn't.  When you call AT&T;, you need to have the phone's IMEI number handy.  This is buried inside the phone.  You need to remove the battery to see it.  AT&T; uses this number to determine if the phone has a credit or not.  I found out later that sometimes phones are part of a promotion but after the promotion is over the credits disappear.  The buyer (in this case Amazon) may be unaware that the purchased phones no longer support the promotion's airtime credit.  Thus the mix-up.  Amazon refunded a credit for the lost airtime minutes.  So all worked out in the end O.K. except it takes time to work through the problem.

This phone is amazing and you get more than your moneys worth. the phone is amazing and it is easy to get used to. everything is pretty self explanatory. great phone and great coverage.

Got this as a backup phone.  Unfortunately I live in an area of Verizon & AT&T invisible coverage line.  Basically in the Verizon area the prepaid phone won't roam so therefore no coverage.  Worked great when I was in the AT&T area though.  The $25 &#34;free&#34; credit was a supreme pain.  I finally determined that you have to load $ on the phone first, then the $25 credit would then be there after 10 days.  I was able to use the browser & smart phone features immediately though, since I have wireless in my house.

I bought this phone for my son for Christmas as a starter phone.  It was easy to set up and use.  He has been giving this phone plenty of use.  He mostly use it to play app games and as a mp3 player and texting.  The only con I can say so far is that some of the more popular app games such as "fun run", etc. is not compatible along with a few rc accessories he like to use with my phone or tablet.  Overall, it does what it is supposed to and so far I have no real complaints. I also see a lot of reviews regarding the $25 airtime credit. I did not receive this credit when I received the phone, but I called ATT and they applied the credit...no hassles.

The whole switching providers has been a frustrating experience. My family wanted to keep our numbers so I thought it would make more sense to contact AT&T; before activating the phone so the process could be done at the same time. WRONG! Activate the phone first and get a new number. Then call AT&T.; Otherwise you just keep getting transferred.The first 3 of my phones I activated, AT&T; wouldn't activate the credit without my purchasing more airtime. I did not purchase any data plans as I read in another review.I activated our 4th phone about a week later because it had been "misdelivered". So I activated the phone first and was assigned a new number, then AT&T; activated the credit right away with no additional airtime purchases.My review so far has been about my difficulties with AT&T;, but my only disappointment with Amazon is the description of the rollover minutes. AT&T; does not rollover the minutes on the $25 plan. Very disappointing! And mobile to mobile does not apply to that plan either. We've been burnung through minutes because we thought we weren't consuming minutes when we, in fact, were and we thought we'd be able to slowly build up our minutes over time, but we can't.Rollover only applies to the $10 and $15 plans.This is a very nice phone for someone who doesn't use their phone to talk a lot, if sticking with the $25 plan. My kids love it. They use the wi-fi all the time and they never talk, mostly text. They would love it more if I'd purchase a data plan. And it will be nice for travel. I've found I can use the wi-fi at many restaurants as well.12/8/2013:Over a year later I find myself still using this phone with Wi-Fi for the apps and browser when I don't feel like going to the computer. Although we've moved onto another company for service, I just like the size and feel of this phone. The plans just don't suit out needs and AT&T; service isn't the best in out area. :(3/13/2014:I've now found another prepaid service that uses AT&T; towers and I have my phone active once again. I spend $30 a month for unlimited talk and text and very minimal data. I like the option of a little bit of data for traveling incase we need a phone number or directions, or something like that--weather alerts have come in handy this winter.There is a system update if you go to pantech.com. It updates the operating system to Gingerbread.And I've had no complaints about the AT&T; service this time around as I mentioned before. Air quality is great.

Greetings fellow amazonians I wanted to update my phone, but since I travel so much with my canival I felt the pay as you go model would be better than my current iphone on att.  To my dismay I was unaware that I would lose access to all of my apps that I purchased from the apple app store.  Now I have this amazon appstore and something called "play" which are both pretty lame. Please include access to the apple app store and I will change my review thanks!

I had a 5 year old blackberry that was a very good phone to me. Like anything else, it just got old. I am an ATT contract customer, but I wanted to replace my BB without signing up for a new contract, and didn't want to pay for data since I am almost always within reach of a wifi signal.I bought the phone when it was on sale for $60. I am very happy with it. It is by no means an Iphone 4s. The touch screen isn't awful, but it is not great. The camera is pretty lousy. I do miss the red alert button and keyboard of my BB.As far as the $25 credit goes, I called up ATT and told them I bought the phone and needed a $25 credit for my account. The rep put me on hold and 2 minutes later came back saying "You said it was for $25 right?" Soon I had $25 credited to my balance. Very little hassle.In the end, the phone cost me $35. You cannot beat that.I've had the phone for 3 days and I am very happy with it.

i love this phone.... got it to replace my samsung droid phone with another carrier... (which really blew the big one).  it is alot bulkier but very easy to navigate and use... i recommend it to anyone, not just first time droid phone users.  it came with a car charger, wall charger, usb cable... i didnt bother with 25.00 airtime cause it didnt apply to me anyway caues i was an existing go phone user.

It is a smartphone even though it seems 1st generation.Anyway, even though it is a prepaid phone, there is wifi function.So you can use internet as free.Also, using wifi, you can use many web application.However, it has small screen compared to current generation smartphone.One more thing, even though it has a title with $25 airtime credit.it is not true. There is no airtime credit.

This is my favorite phone of all time. I love the fact that it came with a  prepaid air time..i actually gave that away as a gift to someone...

This seemed like a screaming deal, and I bought it for my wife ... twice. We really hoped the issues with the first one were a one-off, but they weren't. Random freezing was a prominent feature, but more crucial was her frequent inability to place or receive calls. We did buy this specifically for a StraightTalk SIM card, so that may be an issue, but the build quality and repeated issues led to a purchase of a Samsung phone in its stead. The Qwerty option was necessary to my wife at the time, but that convenience really wasn't worth the issues she had.

the phone stopped working four months ago. true disappointment to my daughter. need it fixed for free of course. spent enough money on it

I bought 2 phones for my boys for christmas and the phones are ok but there is no airtime included. I can see by other reviewers on here that they to have had the same problem, I can understand the mistake with one phone, but i ordered Two and Both were Missing THE AIRTIME.  Coincidence or false advertising? Now I have the chore of returning both products because amazon has no customer care phone number to simply credit my account. Frustrating to say the least!

The product was a good value and as long as you keep the browser cookies cleaned out every once in a while it works great.I have had it for a year now and it is still working great. A value rather than a fancy product.

Having had the phone for several weeks now, I can say that this is the best phone I have owned.  It is easy to use, has great features, and I get constant comments from people as to its appearance.  With the slide-out keyboard, it is incredibly easy to type messages whether for texting or when connected to the internet.  It gets great reception in places my old phone could not get any.As with other purchasers, I will say that the battery life is less than with non-Android phones.  It does, however, seem to be on par or even slightly better than other Androids.  I charge my Pantech Crossover every other day.  This is with very little talk time, 20 to 30 text messages a day, and approximately 2 to 3 hours on the internet every day.  I find an every other day charge to be perfectly reasonable given these conditions.  It also charges quickly and the charging cord comes with interchangeable heads for a wall outlet, car charger, and computer USB port.My only complaint here is with Amazon.  This advertisement clearly states that the phone comes with a $25 airtime credit.  Naturally, this credit was never received.  When I contacted AT&T;, they said that the credit was a promotion that accompanied these phones several months ago.  The promotion expired, but Amazon continued to advertise the $25 credit.  AT&T; will not provide the credit and stated that it is up to Amazon to provide a credit since they continue to advertise it.  When I contacted Amazon, I was told to contact AT&T.;  After explaining the situation, the contact at Amazon simply told me to call someone else and would not provide a $25 credit.  This, quite frankly, infuriates me.  I have turned more than 100 people into Amazon enthusiasts by bringing them to the site and showing them how great it is.  I personally spend more than a thousand dollars here every single year on products and gift cards.  Now, it seems that Amazon is willing to lose me as a customer over a lousy $25 credit.  Buyer beware!!!  This phone is excellent, but buy it elsewhere.  When Amazon is no longer willing to stand behind its own advertised products, it is time to move on.  You can get this phone at the exact same price at the AT&T; website.  I will not continue to support Amazon when they refuse to provide the credits they advertise and I will steadfastly encourage everyone else to do the same.

The phone is fantastic, I love it. The only drawback and low rating of others owners is coming from Amazon mistake. Amazon title description state it very clear and also the original box has stickers mentioning of "includes $25 in airtime and a car charger" I have called Amazon and they decide to:"I've issued you a $25 promotional certificate, which you can use the next time you order an item shipped and sold by Amazon.com. Note: the promotional certificate doesn't apply to items offered by other sellers on our website and won't cover the shipping costs of an order"That is not fair forcing me to buy again from them and only from them. I will rate Amazon experience with 1 STAR. The product again runs good and has nice futures.Amazon it's getting bigger and bigger everyday, but at the same time it's credibility to buy something goes in opposite direction. Very disappointed with Amazon.

I bought this phone as a replacement for my original GoPhone and so far has been a good buy. i have no complaints with it so far. Screen clarity is good and camera isnt that bad either. overall i recommend this for a entry level android phone for anyone or if you are on a budget

I love my new phone.  It has all the bells and whistles that I need plus easy to use... Nice size also and easy to use...

I like the phone itself and the features. However the battery will not stay charged long at all. THink its got a bad battery. I will contact Amazon and see if they will send me another battery.

This replaces another Pantech phone for me.  I am still getting used to the features, but it seems to function well.  I did have to make 5 phone calls to AT&T to get the $25. credit, but they did finally put it through.  I would recommend this phone for people who mostly need to send texts and make phone calls.  I do not have a data plan, so I can't review that aspect, but the slide out keyboard works great for texting!

I have it for less than a week, I had to exchange it for a new one. Both phones did not send or receive attached to the text images, despite technical support. Battery life is less than 24 hours, also on both phones. Internet is super slow. When I try to make a call, the message on the screen says "Call not sent". I've been to the store that sold it to me 4 times. Won't recommend it to anyone

The Pantech Crossover is a great phone even though you can't send mms without data enabled which is obnoxious, and emailing it isn't working. The problem is it says it comes with $25 airtime if you activate it using the new kit included, which was done and the airtime was never received. Just ended up switching the sim cards from old phone and using that. Obnoxious ripoff if you ask me, probably paid for the $25 airtime in the phone price and didnt get it.

Makes for a decent paperweight, pretty much sucks for anything else though. Especially since i paid 125 for it and it's now 80 bucks

I got my Pantech Xover phone about three weeks ago. It is a very good phone. The voice quality is top-notch and the apps are amazing. I receive my email with no problems. I receive texts also with no problems. The only thing that could be improved is the battery. I have to charge it every day.I got the Pantech to replace a Blackberry which I also had to charge every day. Perhaps that is just the nature of the beast with all a smartphone can do it must just take alot of power.The $25.00 credit from AT&T; was applied but not automatically. I had to call customer service.All-in-all it is a very good phone and I would highly recommend it.

Extremely sensitive screen usually results in errors.  Calls may or may not ring.  Battery life is poor.This bad experience has convinced me to go &#34;no contract&#34; in the future.

We purchased the Sharp phone that is very similar. It broke immediately. So this one has been a great relief. It works great. I don't know about other phone plans, but it worked seamlessly with the AT&T SIM card.

I agree with the recent reviewer about a few people complain about not receiving the $25 credit...I did exactly what he did and I got my $25 airtime credit within minutes. I am currently waiting for Amazon to unlock this item so I can order it for my wife.Also, for those who don't know about the new upgrade to Gingerbread OS for this phone. Please go to pantechusa.com for more info.

This phone is built very well. I bought this phone almost 2 years ago and its still going strong and can keep up with the times. I have apps other people do and do things some people cant. Slide still works great which goes bad in some other phones before anything screen is pretty strong I only have a couple scratches in it and I drop and abuse my phone all the time.

Migrated my daughter from TracFone over to ATT prepaid for the unlimited texting plan. This phone has just about replaced her laptop. Slide out qwerty board is a must for emails. Might have to get one for me.

I ordered the Pantech Crossover and I am very pleased with the operation of it. I get excellent reception and internet and emails are fast. I didn't get the $25.00 airtime credit but I will continue to make purchases with Amazon.  Thanks Amazon for great service as usual.

The instructions say that I should have received my airtime credit 1 hour after I charged and activated the phone.  No such luck.

I just got my phone the other day, and I will say, it is a little bit heavier than my other phone. It may only have a MHz processor, but my tablet has a 720, and is SLOWER than this phone!People say the battery life sucks. I had the AllSport GPS running for an hour and a half, my battery went from 100% to 84%, i would say thats not half bad.Touch screen is fine, people complain about it. I found it very easy to navigate, and hadn't had the device not detect my touch.Vibrate is a bit soft, and putting the phone on silent is a bit complicated....Keyboard is GREAT it feels sturdy, and the keys give a little when pressed.The operating system is upgradable to ANDROID 2.3.6 which is very nice, you just need to go onto the Pantech website and follow instructions from there. I would do it before you do anything else to the phone, as it will delete everything!The phone has a sturdy feel to it, like it can handle a drop or two.I dont use the 3G on it, but the wireless signal is up to par with my old phone. The wifi seems to shutdown at times, but I think thats the phone and its battery saving stuff.Overall, the phone is very good, I am very pleased with it, and it works nicely!

Great phone, the battery last longer then the avail phone I had. It is an android so it does what they all do. Haven't taken much pictures or videos yet, do a lot of texting with the kids, can't complain about it at all. Still learning about it. Has a loud speaker phone. The volume could be a little louder I think. But the phone is never that far off that I can't hear it.

Browsing is easier than on a &#34;feature phone&#34;, but just barely. Going back and forth between the keypad and screen is not as easy as we thought either. But it is a good entry level price for an android phone.One gripe with this phone's programming (I have another with the same Android OS) is that when you lock it, a toddler can hit an emergency dialer button and call 911 with one press, rather than having to manually enter it. I suppose it seemed like a good idea to a designer who hadn't tried it.  After a few callbacks from EMS, we had to leave it unlocked, but then the baby just calls the last person dialed and makes noises at them - everyone pretty much knows who it is by now, and we have put Kidsplace on it so that apps and dialing are limited to what we would allow, but that adds extra time to using the phone for the adult in the room.*I know, just keep them away from the phone, right?  :)  It is really useful to be able to say &#34;Johnny (name changed, of course), bring me the phone,&#34; less so when EMS is dialing you by the time it gets to you.

This phone is awesome!! Got it on sale for $59.99 and it was more than worth it! The phone is high quality, it is easy to navigate & connects to wireless internet really easily so you don't have to buy a data plan. I plan on purchasing this phone again for my husband. As soon as he saw mine, he loved it.As for the $25 credit, after I went through all the initial activation procedures, I called customer service right away to inquire about the credit. The woman asked me for some numbers off of my phone and the case and then said she could see the $25 in my account but it was still processing. She said if it wasn't put on my account in an hour to call back. After an hour, it was still not there, so I called again. This time I spoke with a different woman who tried to tell me the process could take up to 72 hours. I told her that was not satisfactory as the box clearly states within one hour. She put me on hold for a while and came back and said she manually applied it to my account and it would come through in ten or fifteen minutes. It did come through and I was able to put it towards the purchase of a monthly plan. So, it will come through if you are persistent and don't take no for an answer. It only took me two calls and about an hour and a half to get it sorted out.Overall, I think you cannot go wrong with this purchase! Highly recommend!

I received the phone from amazon right before Xmas.  Yesterday, I began the process of setting up the phone, which is supposed to come with $25 airtime credit.  FOUR HOURS late, including TWO HOURS on the phone with AT&T customer service, and the phone is still not operational.  There is NO $25 credit, and it looks like I will either have to return the unit or cough up more money to buy Go-Phone airtime.  AT&T has given me horrible service recently, including 7 months of sporadic U-Verse (one hour working, one hour dead).  I'm about to give up on this company.

It's a pretty good phone, though I've had trouble with it "loosing" the micro SD card and some times even the SIM card! I restart it and it's fine. They can't be loose because they are held in very tight with the battery over top of them. (and tight clips)Anyway, the battery lasts a decent amount of time depending on how many things you have turned on and are using. I can go 3 or so days if I just use it once in a while and don't do much wi-fi or use the GPS at all. I could go 1-2 if I use it a lot and/or use the GPS for a hike or something.I upgraded it to Android 2.3 and that was pretty easy through the Pantech site (I think that's were it was). The slide out keyboard is good, but I never use it. I though I might like it better than the screen. Maybe if I want to type something a lot faster I might slide it out, but that isn't often. The voice to text works pretty well too. (much faster than typing if it gets it right) It needs data/wifi to use that feature though. (I only use wi-fi and no data generally)Over all it's pretty good except that thing where it looses the cards, so minus a star for that other wise it's would be 4 star. (or at least 3 and a half)

WOW!  What a phone!  It's a little beyond my needs at the present time.  I found it rather confusing to operate and it really didn't meet my needs of just a simple phone to receive and send messages.  If you're into all this high tech stuff you'll love it!

I buy a ton of stuff online and I always read the reviews but rarely write reviews.  I have to give this phone it's well deserved five stars.  I've owned this phone for over two months now, and I've loved every single day with it.  I knew what I was getting ahead of time, just by researching and reading reviews and knowing the only negative reviews here point to the fact that you have to be patient and persistent to get your $25 credit.  I knew this phone couldn't handle playing HD videos smoothly, but HD videos are for our big screen TV's anyway.But this is what it can do and do it well: The wifi will have you surfing online quickly whether it's apps, email, internet browser (get Dolphin Browser) or downloading anything.  The GPS is strong and fast, and with free apps such as Navfree USA, you'll have a wonderful 3D GPS navigator for offline use while in the car or Runkeeper to track your walks or jogs. You'll have a top notch mp3 player with the help of some good headphones and an app called jetaudio letting you customize the sound the way you want it with a 20 band equalizer. You'll have excellent call quality.You'll have a good quality camera and camcorder, and there are apps out there to fine tune your pictures. With thousands of apps available for free, this phone is completely customizable.  If you take time to learn how to save battery life and increase speed, you'll be satisfied like me.  I'm not only satisfied, I'm still totally thrilled I found this phone for this price and that it's an AT&T; GoPhone.  Take advantage of apps like skype or vonage to make free calls over wifi.  With these apps, you can change settings and turn on airplane mode to have the incoming audio play through the back speaker or through the front speaker just like a normal phone call.With this phone you can get to love the android operating system. With it you can have your phone turn on or off your computers, play videos on your TV, use it as a universal remote control, or just use it as a small tablet computer.  It's all fun and free once you get your phone.  I'm perfectly happy with this phone!

hated this phone was hard to use, went to virgin mobile bought a plan thru them there android  phone was easy to use, at &t phone thumbs down on using. now i'm stuck with this piece of crap

I waited for a while before choosing a phone and carrier. I knew I did not want to be locked into a contract, but I also wanted the best phone I could get with a pre-paid service.I finally decided upon the Pantech Crossover Android with the AT&T; GoPhone contract.After a month of use, I'll tell you it's been overall, a good experience.I did not have any problems receiving my $25 credit--after reading the reviews about those who had to struggle with getting it, or having to get credit from Amazon, or giving up altogether, I was quite surprised and pleased when the credit went through right away.The phone itself is a little on the heavy side, but it does have the full QWERTY Keyboard, which I wanted. I've also had no problems with connectivity and with the quality of the calls. Internet access is, for the most part, fairly quick considering this is a 3G phone.I would recommend it for those just entering the Android phone market.

This phone is my first smartphone purchase and for the price I say It's hard to beat, I don't have any experience with any other android phones so I can't compare, but this phone is very cool. Love all the apps. But I wanted to write about the mysterious $25 airtime credit. Chalk this confusion up to the horrid GoPhone customer service. Whether you get the credit or not depends largely on who you happen to get on the phone when you call 611. The young man who I spoke to, who could barely string a sentence together, was clueless as to the credit and said the IMEA number from the phone showed no credit. But I explained to him the box clearly showed it did come with a credit he eventually managed to add the $25 to my account an it showed up immediately. I then had to walk him through changing the expiration from 30 days to 90 days as indicated. But he did manage to change this as well and I got everything I requested. Clearly as other have indicated the response from ATT could range from being no way to add a credit to giving it to you right away. My advice would be if you don't get anywhere with the first person you speak to hang up and call back to get another operator.

Phone is average for phones in this price range.  The charger did not work but it was nice that it came with a car and home charger.  I returned the charger to Amazon.  I think the best thing is that it's really easy to make returns to Amazon.

This is a great starter smartphone without the contract. I would definitely purchase again if the need arose. It does all that some of the more expensive smartphones do.

Purchased this item for myself. Activated, but no airtime credit after 15 days. During this period, I contacted Amazon several times with no luck. I returned and got my full refund.The phone is fine with Android. If you have used a middle or high range of smartphone, this is not for you. If you are a starter for smartphone, this is a in-expensive and all ring one.

I was looking for a smartphone which can be used without data plan. This phone is great for that purpose. It looks manly and elegant at the same time and the keyboard is just the right size. Very easy to use.About the downside, the $25 credit never came (I used my own  gophone simcard). I did not buy this phone expecting it so that was fine. Besides, the applications in Android crash sometimes. That's why I give this phone 4 stars. It should really have gotten 5.

I really like it it has a ton of app for free and of course the wi-fi comes in handy it automatically alerts you when there's wi-fi the only thing I don't like is the on/off power button IT'S SOO HARD TO TURN THE POWER OFF you have to put so much pressure turning the cell phone on is a little more easier other than that I would given a 5 star rating

had this phone only like 3 months it turns off alot half time wont turn back on. it fell off table only about 2 feet high and screen shattered its garbage i would never suggest it to anybody

Pros: affordable; great intro to Android (Gingerbread, no higher); pretty sturdy with a case; slide-out keyboard; tough glass screen; takes surprisingly good pictures and videos (NOT HD); nice rounded corner design; good voice quality on calls; so-so music playing qualityCons: Weak processor; slow processor; minuscule internal storage capacity; minuscule RAM; slow access to storage card; spontaneous reboots (especially when running processor-intensive tasks like workout-fitness programs); tiny screen; incompatible with many modern Android apps; short battery life when running all the stuff (Wifi, GPS, apps, etc.); videos barely tolerableDid I mention how slow and weak the processor is and how it reboots spontaneously?Okay, so I got this about 11 months ago as of this writing. My first smartphone. Even then the screen looked small, but that was easy to forgive because, you know: *smartphone*! I set about learning all the things it could do, transferring all my contacts&#8212; manually&#8212; from my feature phone. I looked into anti-virus and other geeky stuff like file management apps. I got a 32 GB micro SD card, took pictures and videos and generally used it a lot. I totally quit using the slide out keyboard when I downloaded and then bought SwiftKey because it anticipates my typing needs so uncannily well (I'll plug SwiftKey here because it really is almost spooky how well it knows *exactly* what I want to say when I'm typing. I almost prefer it to typing on my terrific Logitech K750 keyboard. I'm just a SwiftKey customer, no other connection).One of the things I was most excited about was apps that could record my walks using the phone's GPS receiver. You plug in your personal info (age, weight, etc) and go work out. It maps out your route, including elevation changes. It figures distance covered, pace, mph/kph, calories burned and a lot more. It's terrific for cardiac cases.BUT it is a processor-intensive app. From the very first fitness app I tried&#8212; and I've tried several&#8212; the phone would run it for a while and then spontaneously reboot itself, right in the middle of a hike/walk/run/bicycle ride. All the data would be lost. The rebooting problem has only worsened over time. Now sometimes it reboots while just the music player is running. No, I haven't contacted Pantech about it, as the phone only cost me forty bucks and I plan to buy a Samsung Galaxy SII from either Virgin or T-Mobile.Oh, and the MASSIVE Android malware security hole that was recently made public? Pantech has not only not yet released a fix for this phone (as of this writing), but when it does YOU have to go to the Pantech site and download and install it yourself. You will need a Windows PC to do that, Macs need not apply unless you know how. Pantech won't push it out to your phone, I'm not sure they are even capable of doing that. If you do any banking or credit transactions with your phone, only buy one whose manufacturer has fixed that.That's the other thing I should mention: AT&T;'s GoPhone plans work pretty well for talk and text. I have been using the $2/day plan which only costs me if I use the phone, and I tried to use to phone ONLY to make VoIP calls over wifi networks. Doing that religiously is a great way to contain costs, but it really negates the whole point of having a phone for data connections: if I only connect to the 'net when I'm in wifi range, I might as well just use my laptop. Working this way essentially reduces my phone to an Android iPod Touch.So here's the scoop: it you want to use this AT&T; phone for data connections, expect to pay in the area of fifty to eighty-five bucks per month, according to the nice people at the AT&T; store. And it will be a 3G connection at best, which is fairly slow.Upshot is, I'm looking at a new phone and a new carrier. My technophobe wife will probably inherit this P8000 Crossover. It's a great starter unit (well, ignoring the possible security issues) for learning how to work with smartphones, but it will leave you wanting something better. That's the bad news. The good news is that almost everything else is better.

This is a great phone and fantastic buy for the money. When you apply for your $25 credit have a whole lot of patience. It took 3 phone calls to ATT before success. But, to get a really nice phone like this was worth the additional effort. It's true that perseverance will win out every time!

I wanted a no contract phone and found this for a great buy it is all that I was looking for in a phone and couldn't be more happy with it.

You cannot personalize the phone or add ringtones without invalidating the warranty according to pan tech support.  It is going back

I am really happy with the phone itself.  It is my first smartphone; easy enough for me to figure out, but still pretty high-tech.  I especially love the slide-out keyboard.However, i did not receive my $25 airtime credit and my charger doesn't work.  Thankfully  my old charger is still in good condition.  But come on, you sell me a brand new phone with a broken charger, and don't include everything you claim to be selling in the package?  That's just irritating.

I bought this phone for my husband a little more than a month ago.  He had been using it less than a week, when it came out of his hip pocket while he was riding his motorcycle.  After about an hour, he realized it was missing.  He retraced his route,and found the phone. It was in three pieces and had been run over countless times,  The screen wasn't even scratched.  He had to file a little bit of smooshed plastic off the cover so it would snap back together, and stay together.  The back cover was scratched and a little pitted, but the phone still works, and we didn't have to resort to duct tape either.In case you're wondering, he loved everything about the phone before it survived a fall from a moving vehicle into traffic. Would that everything worked as well.

Okay, I bought the pantech corssover earlier this week when it was only 80 bucks and it's a very impressive phone. i ended up changing my mind before i even got it. But once I turned it on and played with it, I fell in love. It has all the features you need at a more than just price. ATT was very helpful with everything and so was amazon. I didnt wanna be stuck with an ATTs shitty prepaid data plan, which made me changing my mind about the phone since reviews on here kept on saying it was required. But that's not the case. You CAN opt out of the data plan. It was pretty simple actually. I just asked to block data from my phone and it was done. so i'm literally paying just around 10 bucks a month for cell phone. crazy. The airtime cred just takes a call as well. The only semi issues i have with the phone is that 1) the the 3MP camera is horrible and 2) the touch screen could be a tad bit more accurate. But really for 80 bucks(30 if you're smart), this phone is a steal. Very glad i found it and i cant wait to get a 16gb microsd card to carry my entire music collection in this phone. =]

I've had this phone for a few days and I love it! Despite the fact that it's considered a low-end smartphone, it's perfect for someone who doesn't have a butt-load of money but wants a small device to use as a mini-laptop when they're away from home. It's so nice being able to check my facebook, twitter and chat on MSN when I'm in the car heading somewhere (obviously not driving) or if I'm waiting in public and bored. It's fast, not too big and not too small, and also a bit heavy. It's nice because it doesn't feel like it will fly out of your hand if you move it fast. I LOVE the slide-out keyboard. It was one of the main reasons I got it. The buttons feel great and are a pretty good size and I rarely make any typos. What I love most is how smooth videos run! I was pleasantly surprised when I saw it came with a car adapter to charge it. I didn't notice it until a couple days later when I saw it sitting in the package on my desk. The USB connector is great because you can plug it into the wall or car charger and into your phone to charge it, or just stick it in your computer and charge it like you would an iPod.I'm not sure if it's just me, but the back cover seems to slide off randomly even if I've snapped it into place. Nothing too bad and I am receiving a case for my phone so that should help keep it on. The screen could be a little bigger but it is a pretty decent size and the quality is good either way.I would definitely suggest this phone. I think it's awesome and I am glad I chose this!

I loved the phone the problem came with att. Since it was a to go phone with wi-fi access I didn't want to buy a data plan just to use the phone. Once I put the sim card in however, att automatically enrolled me in a 30 dollar data package. So now I use the phone to play games on but as a phone I'm not paying for no data plan.

I bought this phone to replace my other at&t phone not a prepaid, it automatic unlocked and can be used with my old sim right away. It is great android phone.

The phone is great considering the price. It has it's moments where it freezes and the screen goes black, but I really like some of the functions. I do miss my rollerball from my Droid Eris... The one issue I would watch out for is this phone didn't include the $25 airtime credit as promised! I had to call At&t twice (once on the 1st and then on the 28th of the month) still waiting to get my credit applied. Ended up having to wait an hour for them to apply a 2nd credit and it was just a drawn out process I'd rather avoid.

I was a little hesitant at first to order this phone after reading so many negative comments about the hassle required to actually get the $25 airtime credit. I decided I wasn't going to give up until I received it, so I went ahead and ordered the phone. I received it promptly two days later. My initial impression of this phone is very good. It's nice looking & loaded with features. It seems solidly built, but not too large. I happen to love the slide out keyboard which has nice-size, easy to use keys. Seems like this phone will be easy to navigate, though I do need to read the user guide! I'll update my review later (if needed) as I become more familiar with this item.Now for the best part, I had absolutely no problem whatsoever getting the airtime credit! It's possible that "porting" your old number could cause a glitch in their system as you first need to activate your phone & receive an assigned phone number. You then call customer service(800 901-9878). Be sure to have your IMEI# & pass code available to give them. I got through to a agent quickly and told her I wanted to port my old number but also wanted her to check my account to ensure I would have the $25 credit. I did this within minutes of activating the phone. She transferred me to the dept. that handled that function but said she would stay on the line with me through the process to ensure the credit didn't disappear after changing the number. She did exactly that. She also walked me through the various plans that were available. Even though this is a smartphone, you do not need to have a data plan! Without the data plan you can still access the net as long as you're in a wireless zone. If you don't have that capability, you can get a data plan for as low as $5 a month as long as you have at least the $25 per month plan. If you opt for 10 cents a minute or the $2 per day option, you cannot purchase a data plan. You also can change your mind and opt in or out of data or phone plans as needed by calling customer service. As we speak, I'm using the $25 credit (without having added any additional funds) and am able to access the internet easily without a data plan.Hope this helps those of you who are considering this phone.

I purchased this as a gift for my 12 year old niece.  The $25 credit did not work but also did not concern me as I never intended to keep minutes on the phone for her to use anyway.  She loves having a phone that can run apps and is constantly getting and trying new games on it.  She uses it constantly for youtube and the kindle app as well and really loves it.  So far it seems plenty rugged enough, she has performed multiple drop checks and it's still going strong.  It does only run android 2.3 and came with older but a quick visit to the pantech website is all it takes to updated to 2.3, their updater program ran flawlessly and didn't take long to finish.  Since the credit it was advertised as coming with didn't work and the hardware is quite dated now I could only see my way to giving 3 stars, but that shouldn't be taken to mean I don't like it.  As a first phone for a child, especially if you are going to let them use it more as a tiny tablet and not bother with the phone functions, it is great.

Could not open tiny micro usb charger door in order to charge.Way to small.Even family members with smaller fingernails said "WHAT".To me its a defect.Returned it.If it wasn't for that problem would have given it a 5.Keeping my Pantech Link.

Great phone, no problems so far. I only gave it 4 stars because it's sometimes laggy when using google voice to txt, but considering the free airtime makes it about 50 bucks it's a great deal. I went from an Evo I had with Sprint for 2 years, paying 100 bucks a month. Now with Att I spend 100 bucks a year!

The Pantech Crossover is working fine. It arrived quickly and I am happy with it. It is a bit heavier than I expected but it is not a problem. The battery holds a charge for well over a day but I am not using it all the time like some might. I love the qwerty keyboard! I did not get the $25 airtime credit which is disappointing which is the reason for only 4 stars. The phone deserves full 5 stars.

This phone is great and easy to use.  I have enjoyed using this phone.  I can use my internet at home or the 3G network.  I can get emails, use facebook, get android apps, store my music, and the keys on the slide out keyboard are so much easy to read and easy to use.

Amazon needs to update their listing, because after you activate the phone you will NOT get the $25 credit as it claims. I called AT&T; and they told me the credit deal expired a year ago (or some such time period). They gave me the credit anyway, but note that they had to do it as a manual override and it doesn't really count as a refill. Therefore you need to refill the phone again within the initial time period or they'll cancel the account entirely. I believe that time period is 30 days from activation.I'm not really reviewing the phone as I've hardly had a chance to use it. This phone will be for my son and he's very excited about it. I'll update the review at a later date with comments on the phone itself, but it seems like a good deal.

If you're new to the Android world, this phone will make you happy. THe processing is average, the screen is a bit small, and it's heavy/bulky, but for the price you're really getting a solid phone from a reputable maker. Now, if you've had nicer Android phones, this thing will infuriate you.

I like this android. Compared to my last android I had, this one seems to have for functionality and doesn't freeze up (from what I can see...)The only thing I disliked was it came with an outdated version of android but after upgrading it, it works well and am satisfied with it.

my iphone was stolen and I was not eligible for an upgrade for a few months, I purchased this phone as a replacement in the meantime. I was a little skeptical about purchasing a prepaid gophone, but all my worries subsided upon delivery.The phone is pretty sturdy, and while it isn't the iphone I was used to i placed my contract sim card in the gophone and it worked fine. I'm not sure where all the criticism this phone got for being slow came from. I was pleasantly surprised how sophisticated and user friendly this phone was as a first generation android.Coming from a longtime iphone user- this phone will not disappoint, and is a great deal for the price.Also, the "quiet speaker, and average camera" reviews, seemed to be a little harsh- this product is exactly what is advertised.

A bit smaller compare to other smartphone which makes the onscreen keyboard not really usable but the QWERTY keyboard is easy enough to use. Upgraded to Android 2.3 with no issue.Phone activated on May 31st. After waiting for 12 hours and had not received the $25 air time credit, I called AT&T; customer service. The service representative asked for the IMEI code of the SIM card and confirmed that there was a $25 credit. 10 minutes after the call I received the credit in my account.For $55 (80-25), this is really a great deal.

My first smartphone and it works great. The only little complaints is it can be a little too touchy and battery drain is a little too fast.

I saw a few people complain about not receiving the $25 credit...If AT&T; doesn't instantly give you the $25 credit after activation just call the number in the manual and tell them the codes from your sim and phone, AT&T; will then be able to see that the credit has not yet been issued for your new phone and sim card. They explained that sometimes the free airtime credit issuing system for AT&T; gets hung so that your free credit status just sits at pending backed up in a long queue, but a few hours later the credit will arrive after you make the call to AT&T;, they even called us back in the middle of the night to double check that the credit had indeed reached the phone.I'm currently trying to order more, but somebody has locked up this phone with complaints, no doubt because they failed to contact AT&T; about the delayed credit arrival...Please unlock this item ASAP so I can order more. Thanks!

Great deal with same quality as contract phone but now packaged as a prepaid phone. The box includes the phone, wall charger, usb connector, 2GB micro sc card, $25 credit, and car charger adaptor, all for $129.99.This phone is a bit bulky compared to the more recent thin android phones but its has a solid weight. The screen is small but nice quality screen and slide out keyboard. The processer speeds seems pretty average.Pros:Great price and accessories in packages for price, slide out keyboardCons:keyboard layout is like the layout of a laptop and needs to get used to it, bit bulky

Semi-rugged, economical, voice to text, Android operating system upgrade available, data plan required, good display, slide out keyboard, screen sometimes unresponsive.

I purchased this phone in December 2011. It froze constantly. Very slow. Randomly reset. Randomly closed open applications.I had this one replaced with a warranty unit.The warranty unit would not play videos. Very slow.  Randomly reset. When using wireless internet, the phone would randomlydisconnect from the internet. I had this phone replaced under warranty also.The second warranty phone will not download new applications. It will not play videos. Very slow. Even with several bars,the phone randomly does not receive text messages.I only have one Pantech out of 4 cell phones and the Pantech is the only phone that does not work as advertised.Stay away from this phone. It is junk!!!

I orginally had a heated hate review, but just about the 25 credit not being included, after two weeks the refunded it back to me. The phone itself while solid, has it's problems. The back buttin freezes alot, sometime it moves slow in games. Obviously a first generation so you can not be too mad. It gets the job done emails and text call and sound is clear and everything. Pretty good for a first gen. My husband purchased one right after me, not willingly though :)

First let me say, free shipping was great from amazon, came in just 2 days, well packaged and fast, so thats a plus.  It is great to see a nice mid range device for the prepaid crowd, since we mostly get downgraded phones or ones that are "dumb phones"  Most are over priced or the cheap smart phones have really low specs, really low.  Plus they are mostly touch screen, I prefer a keyboard I hate pecking away at screens, dealing with auto correct and smudges all over the place, blame that on my OCD as well personal prefrence.  This phone the Pantech Crossover from att, hits the spot, it gives me a sturdy slide out keyboard and the keys are big enough to register my fingers.  Perfect for big or small hands. Its also pretty lightweight and thin for a qwerty packing device, so kudos on that.  With just a 600 mhz processor, I have to say despite many reviews saying it lags or is slow, mine ran like a charm, fast and with tons of memory to spare ( keep in mind I installed an 8gb SD card, supports up to 32 ) You can move most apps over to that to create space, place your pictures and music on the SD card as well instead of phone memory. ALSO I LOVE A DEDICATED SIDE CAMERA BUTTON, yup it has it!The phone seems to works flawless in many areas such as calls, crystal clear, regardless of some saying that speaker is weak I am here to tell you coming from an HTC inspire ( WITH A WEAK TINY SPEAKER ) this thing is LOUD on full levels, alerts and calls come in clear and great YAY I can actually hear my phone again even over music, loud people, and the tv.  I use wifi to spare the data, and downloads are generally fast.  The phone CHARGES FAST which is awesome, and it seems to last most of all day with heavy to moderate use, this is due to a 1500 battery which is AWESOME to have in a smart phone of this size, since the phone has a little screen compared to others on the market, and just a 600 mhz instead of single or dual core processor speed, this helps to keep the battery full and everlasting, so that is a generous battery amount for a mid range android device.  The screen colors seem bright to me its no amoled or HVGA super screen, but it gets the job done just fine.  Works well on heavy to moderate use where I am not having to run around with my charger all the time. To me whats the sense in having a smart phone if its so big you cant fit in  your pocket, the battery goes so quick and drains, and you cant hear it ring, etc, thankfully this one feels in that void nicely.Its not so much sleek and sexy, but more manly and rugged, finally a Mans phone not saying a lady could not use it, just saying its durable, rugged, and has a cool futurisitic design to it.  I prefer something unique that will last if it falls or slips out of your hand, which I have that happen before.  I got a nice screen protector for it on amazon, you might need that to protect your screen from scratches and smudges.  The box comes with wall charger and a bonus car adapter which is very nice.The only complaint I had is when I took it out of the box, there was one dead pixel out on the screen, most probably would not see this or care, but me being somewhat young and a tech "geek" I noticed right away, this was handled very fast by amazon customer service and they are sending a replacement right away and paying for a prepaid label to send my current one back, so good job Amazon customer service!For the price 119.00 and free shipping that came in just 2 days, I really cant complain this once contracted only phone is awesome to finally become a go phone, in my opinion one of the nicest ones on the market IF you NEED A KEYBOARD, such as myself, Loving it so far, and the function key at the top is a great feature to have to get to apps quickly so you dont have to go searching on your phone for them.  One more note the camera yes is only 3 mega pixels, but let me tell you for what it is, very nice pictures in my opinion since it does have auto focus, something most att prepaid phones do NOT have.  Took great pictures outdoors and decent ones inside doors.  The camcorder isnt to bad either.  For what it is, a mid range device, I think it will live up to my expectations so I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new smartphone with go phone.  I am thankful for this device "crossing over" to the att market, so far im happy with this phone and you should be to !

I bought this phone and loved it but it didnt survive through a washer machine and dry out with rice so waiting for my next chance to get new one! Hopeing soon....but easy to use great apps to download and all around a great phone and forget what everyone says  you can pay $25 and not want data and not have to have it! I use wifi and text and calling.

Product is on the heavy side, and a bit bulky.  Bought it with 25 airtime credit, but have to call AT&T to get the credits.  Over the phone the rep doesn't know what I am talking about, but the supervisor knows exactly the problem and was doing a on the job training to the rep I was talking to....

I know this is a go phone but it says it s a smart phone.  Not totally true.  Many of the apps in the android market are not downloadable due to the the old operating system.  It cannot be upgraded.  This phone is truly only for calling and texting.  Secondly the slide out key pad is difficult to use.  A shift key has to be used to operate the numerals which really make typing numbers difficult.  Finally the phone says airtime included. Not true.  Att could not get the minutes to work so they had to credit my account and I had to purchase the minutes that way.  That took an additional 2 days.  Immediately after the phone's camera broke and AT&T would help with the phone and told me I needed to return it to amazon.  Additionally the phone would not update the programs that come with it.  All together a bad experience.  Don't buy this phone unless you love headaches.

It does all I want and more.  The price was good... found it a week later for the same $50

This is a great phone for the price, and with the free upgrade to Android 2.3 allows access to all the apps on the Play Store.  It comes with a car charger and the usb charging cable is nice and long.  I had one problem, the $25 airtime credit that comes with the phone, I did not receive this thus the reduction in star since it never got resolved.All in all great product and great price.

I got this phone with the hopes of ditching my ipod touch which I always carried around with me mostly for the wifi capabilities, alongside my existing Gophone.  This is a very solidly built Android which could easily be mistaken for a rugged device.  The phone's screen is really quite impressive as it is glass rather than plastic, and although it is slightly smaller than some other Androids, (3.1 in.) it retains a 320x480 pixel density which more than makes up for the lost size with clarity and sharpness.  The music player is great and sounds just as high quality as my old ipod.  The processor can't compete with some of the newer more expensive devices, but for an $80 GoPhone, it works perfectly fine and doesn't hinder my experience at all.  It's great having access to the Google Play Store to get some simple time-killing apps.  The real highlight of the phone is its ability to combine my email and web browsing needs into one device that doesn't even require a data plan!  The camera also takes really nice pictures for just being 3mp.  Spectacular option for those looking for a great, solid, well-rounded GoPhone!!! To focus on the negatives, it's a little thick and heavy.  Personally I like it more because of it's incredibly sturdy and solid design.

After reading several reviews here which stated the $25 airtime credit was either not received or was difficult to validate, I figured I was smart enough to figure it out. WRONG! The phone packaging clearly states a $25 airtime credit is available for the phone; however, after following the directions that came with the phone -- NO credit. I talked with 6 Amazon customer service reps and 1 AT & T help desk person over a 10-day period -- NO airtime credit. Finally, with polite, but firm pressure I received a $25 refund from Amazon in place of the credit.The phone works great, but the advertised credit is very misleading.

I brought two of these phones for my kids for Christmas. The phones seems to be everything the need in a smartphone however they often complain that the it gets stuck and shuts off and take a while for it to come back on.

Ok, let my just start off to say this is a 5 for the price.  I do not think you can get anything near this for the price.Was a little hesitant paying $80 for this phone, but when I saw it for $60, I jumped right on it.  It does have an upgrade to 2.3 and can be rooted.  It is much faster than I suspected with a 600 mhz processor.  It really isn't bad, especially after the 2.3 upgrade.  It seems a lot smoother.  On the down side, I noticed several programs will not run on this, even if side loaded (they load, but run quirky).  It does have full access to play store, but again, some programs are not designed to run on this and do not appear.I have used nicer phones than this, but at a much higher price.  The keyboard is much, much better than I expected from reading (the keys are almost flush with the pad, but they have a much better tactile feel than you would think by looking at it).  The overall build is not bad either (I'd say average).  The weight and feel of it in my hands really just feels right.  It is a little heavy, but the size is nice.  I didn't like the shape of it when i saw it, but now I like it.  No problems connecting with wifi or 3g.  I'd even say a little above average as I can get a signal on it where other (better) phones would not.  Call quality is good.  The external speaker volume is a little low.  Has gps which works pretty well.  Also came with charger and charger for the car.I cannot say long term battery, as I have only had this for a day, but I was on it with wifi for several hours and seems about average from other phones I have used (not bad, not good).  The screen is responsive, but not the best I have used.  I like the extra "app" button.  The camera sucks, but all phone cameras do, in my opinion (average 3 megapixel cam).  Wish it had a front camera.  It only has 500mb total internal drive, and comes with a 2gb card which isn't labeled, but I'd rate it at class 4 or 6 from copying files to it.The $25 credit can be applied to existing gophone sims which I didn't know until i got it.  It says here only new phones, but on and in the box, it just says $25 credit.  They surely do not give you the credit right away.  I needed to dial the 800-901-9878 and kept hitting 0 until I got a rep.  They said they need to add this phone to your account and the $25 credit was on the IMEI and it would be credited, but takes a day.  I will see.  If not, I will try to get the $25 credit from Amazon as others have done.  I am even happy for this phone for $60, but for $35 + $25 credit, you really can't go wrong with this phone (even regular price of $80 is not bad if you get the $25 credit).  If I have issues getting this, I will update my review.If you missed out on this for $60, its worth $80 in my opinion.

The wife loves the phone.  Needed to replace her normal phone until we can upgrade our plan.  Wish we would have known that you are forced to have a data plan, which sucks.......battery life isnt the greatest either

The phone is nice, no problems yet...My rating is based on AT&T; and their lack of customer service. It took a LOT of time and effort to get AT&T; to credit me the $25 the phone is supposed to come with. First you should know that you must put down at least $25 before they will even consider giving you your credit, which was fine with me... then they will say it will take 24-48 hours to credit to your account. After a few days when you call to discover they have not credited your account you will try to contact customer service to find out why. When you contact customer service it's automated and the robot does not understand anything you say. Be prepared to get angry and want to break things. The best part about AT&T; is after being put on hold and going through their million menus just to talk to a Rep, when they connect you, you will get a message that says your call cannot be completed, please try again. Oh yes, at that point the phone just about went through a window. I got the message at least 3 times. For the record, they disabled the "press 0 to talk to a real person" feature. Finally, I get to talk to somebody after numerous attempts. This time while I'm on the phone the guy wants the code that is under the battery. Um ok? If I take the battery out of the phone the call will be lost...So after explaining the fact that removing the battery from a phone you are talking on will result in losing the call, he said he didn't HAVE to have the number after all. Then he asked me if I wanted to upgrade the plan from what I signed up for $2/day unlimited to the $50/month unlimited. I told him no. He tried talking me into it and I explained to him this phone is a birthday gift for a 9 year old and phone calls and texts are for emergencies only. He asked me what time it was, and I told him. He said he would call me back by 2 pm with the credit information. By 2:30, I did not hear from him and was getting ready for my daughters birthday party. By 5 pm, he had called 6 times but I was so busy making up for lost time & was nowhere near the phone to know he even called. I checked the balance and the credit was still not there.The next day I called AT&T; again. This time I got a lady, she said "Oh, I see here in the notes you want to upgrade your plan to the $50/month unlimited." I told her no, I am not sure why they keep trying to get me to upgrade it to that plan. Like I said, this phone is for a child, she does not need unlimited anything. Anyway, the lady finally credited the phone. It was just too much of a hassle.The good news that came from this is my husband and I were thinking about switching phone carriers and upgrading our phones...we can now cross AT&T; off our list of potential carriers.

I'm pretty clumsy and I've dropped this phone a lot; in dirt, sand, carpet and gravel.  Sometimes I've kicked it.  But it's fine, the slide-out keyboard is still smooth.  The screen isn't the most responsive if you have rough hands, but it's consistent and easy to get used to.  The call quality is definitely passable, much better than the CNET review claims.

We got the phone all set up except the airtime minutes.  I was going to use that the first month while I close out my other account.  Calling customer service did no good.  So I went to a store and they tried with the phone.  Then they had me call customer support while I was there.  They were telling me it was supposed to be $25 off the phone not airtime minutes which it clearly says on the box airtime minutes.  I got angry with them and demanded a manager and she told me &#34;No you can not speak to her.  She is to busy.&#34;  I told her I would wait.  She kept baiting me so I put there own rep on the phone and he got into it with her until she put the manager on.  He made them set it up right then and there.  A little extreme to get what I paid for but I did get it and since I needed to go in to get my sim cards sinced it was ok.  But it was sad that he apologized for the way they were treating a new customer and that I should never had to go through that for something I clearly should have gotten in the first place.  In all AT&T's phone customer service sucks but the store customer service was a great help.

I bought this phone for my mom for Christmas. The phone has the slide out keyboard which is great for those who don't care too much for digital texting and keypad pressing all of the time. It's taking her a little time to figure out how to use it thoroughly, but everything will fall in place eventually.

I gave up on AT&T trying to get my airtime credit and am still waiting on Amazon for their solution.  It's been one week and still nothing.  So, if you're in a hurry for a functioning phone, do not purchase this product.  It is virtually impossible to get an actual person with AT&T . . . very frustrating!  I was hoping that Amazon would be quicker with a solution but . . . that remains to be seen.
