
Ive been an Android user since the original G1. Moved on the Samsung Vibrant and G2. Made the move to the Verizon iPhone but realized how I miss Android. It was meant to be because I really wanted the RAZR especially after the very uninspiring Galaxy Nexus hardware and specs disappointed me. Lo and behold, Amazon has a penny smartphone sale so I know it was meant to be. I was stuck between this and the HTC Rezound but I am glad I chose the Droid Razr.First thing you notice is the thinness of the phone. This phone is a beaut. I won't get into too much details since there are many other reviews. Ill just point out some stuff.-Coming from the iPhone 4, the camera on this isn't great. That's not saying its bad but it's not as good as the iPhone 4's 5 megapixel.-The 1080p video recorder on the other hand is absolutely stunning. You see details in the video especially on the phones SAMOLED screen. I love it.-The screen is nice and vibrant. Much more vibrant than the iPhone 4. Not as sharp but Ill pick color over sharpness. Not disappointing and that was one of my biggest worry  especially with the Rezound having a 720p screen and all.-The hardware is awesome but it is light. That can be a good or bad thing depending on your preference. The iphone feels like an anchor compared with this.-Battery life is a mixed feeling. One hand, you gotta understand that this is Android and we know how that is with the background syncing and what not always using power. Another thing people have to understand is that this is a 4g LTE device (which is a battery hog out the gate) and a dual core device. It's going to drain the battery. I leave 4g on with moderate use and I will get to 3-5 hours. That's bad especially since my iPhone 4 last a whole day and sometimes more. The SMART ACTION app is needed especially if you want to make the battery last.-I've also been reading a lot of negative reviews of Motorola Skin....to be honest I thought it was gonna be bad but when I got some hands on time, it's actually fitting and I do like it. Don't get me wrong, Im a LauncherPro guy all the way but the skin fits here. It goes with the overall appeal of the phone. I love the animations and icons. Preference here. If you don't like it, you can always use a Launcher of your liking.Overall I am happy with my purchase and I would recommend this to anybody....One thing I know is a battery killer is the phone connecting to 3g and 4g LTE. One way for me to save my battery at home is to set a Smart Action when Im at my home network to disable cellular data and whatever else you want to. Does a lot to improve battery, There's no need to be on wifi and have the phone switching from 3g to 4g wasting battery at the same time. Get a 4g toggle off widget as well. 4G is great but you're not going to be using it the whole entire time so might as well turn it off so you can save some battery.Another thing I do when Im at work to make sure I have enough juice to last (in case of an emergency I do decide to use the "phone" feature lol)..I set up a smart action with the trigger of "Display Off". Whenever the display is off, I have it turn off data, background data, gps and whatever else pleases you. Turning this all off when the phone display is off helps the battery out a lot and everything turns back on when you turn it on so its very convenient. This may bother some because then it means you can't get certain type of push notification (like myself, I use Kik and Google Voice) until you turn the display on but Im at work so I can only check at break time and lunch anyways so no biggy for me.This Smart Action is pretty cool and I wish there were some more triggers and etc...I haven't used Motorola since my Nextel days and now that I have this Droid Razr, you can welcome me back for good. Looking forward to Ice Cream Sandwich and since Google is in the process of purchasing Moto...i expect the entire updating process to be a whole lot zippier. If not, we'll always have XDA...

I have owned this phone for three weeks.I upgraded from a Samsung Intercept, which was a HORRIBLE performing phone. The only good thing about it was its slider-keyboard.I love the size of this phone. It is easy for me to hold and is not as wide or cumbersome as I feared it might be. I love this phone's screen-response. It is fast and receptive to your subtle touches. The battery life is very good. I run it with everything on and can go two days before I have to charge it. I use a lot of WiFi and GPS with it.I do miss having a slider-keyboard, but the phone is large enough that when you turn it sideways, it resembles a slider keyboard pretty closely.I've put a ton of apps on it and still have plenty of room.

Overall, great phone as many other reviewers have stated. Just wanted to warn anyone who buys-don't rely on the "scratch-resistant gorilla glass". With a couple weeks of normal use, I have numerous small scratches on the front. I thought I wouldn't need those plastic covers that are so hard to get on,  and always get gummy around the edges. Wrong! Make sure you get a screen protector.

Still no ice cream sandwich update. Locked boot loader. Severely limited device as a result.  Will not keep up with future software updates as a result of Motorola's horrible business practices.

I made a big mistake thinking that amazonwireless had good prices, I ordered the Razr 4G for 749.00 here, and then looked at Motorola's site to order extra batteries after not being able get any on amazon, the phone on Motorola site is only 649. I called Amazon and they told me tough luck, it is already on the truck, which cant be true, it was less than two hours since I ordered it, I will refuse shipment and never order from Amazonwireless again, but so far Amazon prime has been good to me, just stay away from Amazonwireless.

Overall the phone is a good performer - good speed, good processor, apps work well and memory good.  Looks are good and screen good.  Two things you must be aware of - battery life rapidly declines and the battery is non-changeable so get used to carrying the charger for midday recharging (and I'm a low/moderate user) and I'm only 2 months in- this isnt a world friendly phone outside the US (I should have double checked the specs as I know wireless well) this phone is billed as 3G/4G but it really means CDMA/LTE.  Which sadly means no use outside the USA because the rest of the world hasnt put LTE in place (not until March 2013) and almost nobody has CDMA networks.  So this is effectively a brick when abroad...  J

Phone was brand new and got everything up and running again! :)

I'm writing this review mainly because I feel cheated. I bought this phone (versus waiting for the Nexus Galaxy) and was taken in mainly by the advertisement offering a strong phone. I'm sitting here with a cut on my finger and a shattered screen. It shattered after the first drop exactly a week after purchasing it. It fell from roughly 12 inches. I feel falsely led and I'm totally disappointed.If you are buying this phone because of the "strong" Gorilla Glass, do not. It's totally false!I've dropped my droid 2 down concrete stairs and it's still going strong... Droid RAZR=false advertisement!

Lose the I-Phone. Get this phone. You won't be sorry. If nothing else, it sports the best looking display on the market. The Razr is a "simply WOW" machine.

If you decide to return this phone or have a problem with it and need to get in touch with Motorola, be prepared for the most amazingly bad customer service EVER! They give you false instructions and promises, and make it impossible to return their items. I've never had such an awful experience--they make you get authorization to return their product, but then never email you the authoration they promised, then after numerous calls, they make you read nearly illegible numbers on the phone, and tell you that they don't have those numbers in their system so they can't return your phone.  They must do this on purpose to make returns impossible--it's criminal.  Buyer beware--this company will steal your money and make you extremely frustrated! Worst experience ever, and now I'm stuck with a useless $700 phone.  So upsetting!

Unbelievably Amazon did not like my earlier review complaining about the upgrade price and removed my review.But then again, who are we to speak our mind against unregulated mobile phone companies who are ripping us off with 4g smart phones and 2gb data plans!Btw, it's a great phone but Amazon should have not delete my previous review!!!...or maybe it was a verizon weasel?

Great phone so far, although I've only had it for 5 days. Amazon tricked me into getting it for $111.11 on 11/11/11, claiming it was only a one day sale. Now, less than 10 days later, they're selling it for $0.01. Thanks for screwing me over Amazon! Anyone have a remedy for this?

After having the phone for 48 hours....1.  Also, when looking at the screen, the bottom right corner "clicks" when any pressure is applied - sometimes.....sometimes its the middle, sometimes the left.  It comes and goes....sometimes the phone is 'cold' sometimes its 'warm' from use....its just not consistent.It seems to be poorly glued/sealed/assembled.Trying to determine if this is pervasive or widespread and if I should try to get a replacement (bought it from AmazonWireless - comment from Amazon?)Other than that......my 1st smartphone, still getting my feet wet and having all my smartphone friends tell me all that I should know.Not ready to comment on functions and features...but did manage to drain the battery in one day - unit was contantly attempting to find /connect to wifi, had 4g going, gps, and other features I've now turned off to enable longer battery

Verizon Wireless truly does not care at all about retaining its long-term loyal customers. Wah wah, neither does Sprint or AT&T; or even T-Mobile for that matter. That has absolutely nothing to do with the rating of this phone, so I'm five-starring it just on principle. The phone itself is a marvel of modern industrial design. It's no iPhone, but honestly the Droid RAZR feels more like a man's phone than a shiny metrosexual's toy.The irony these days is Apple has become so successful you have to buy products from other companies so you don't look like a drone just upgrading to the next iDildo just because they deigned to release a slightly newer version of the same old crap.The Droid RAZR has its problems, but playing with this phone in public will draw attention instead of the yawns from people who've seen at least 20 other iPhones that day.

I love this phone. I've only had for 2 weeks but I love it. It is really fast and has more than enough memory for downloads. The only thing that is bad is the battery. Since you can do so much on the phone, by the time you know it the battery is dead. However I know they just came out with another version of this phone that come with a bigger battery for the same price, but it's not as slim as this one but not to big either.

I came from an OG Motorola Droid and was pleasantly refreshed by the speed of execution on tasks this phone reflected.A major annoyance is the pentile display causing certain images to appear grainy i.e. red on black. Super AMOLED PLUS looks MUCH better than just Supoer AMOLED Advanced. Unfortunately they decided to take the power saving route over the visual quality one.This leads right into the gripe about battery life. Just this morning I found my phone on my dresser nearly dead before having to go to work because I forgot to charge it overnight last night (I charge it overnight every night) and I do not even use the phone heavily.The Kevlar on the back has almost a grippy yet silky touch to it which is a plus while holding the phone.The phone is the thinnest on the market and very light. I was worried I would have troubles sticking it in my pocket the way I did with my OG Droid but it turns out this phone is extremely easy to take in and out of ones pocket.I could not imagine it lasting more than 4-5 hours if I was actually using it for GPS or to watch videos etc.I will still give this phone 4 stars as it is great and very responsive. Overall I am happy with the purchase.

Checked it at the Verizon store and saw that the internal memory is only 8 GB and not 16GB as stated in the technical review.

I pre-ordered this phone from Verizon and received it on Thursday 11/10. I was VERY pleased with the device and was always finding new unique little features like the music player showing song lyrics, or streaming TV from my PC using MotoCast. All was great until last night when my RAZR slid off my couch about 2 feet to the carpeted floor. The screen spider-webbed completely and in unusable do to splinters coming off when I try. I contacted both VZW and Motorola and both said that it was MY physical ABUSE which damaged the phone.  If you have never dropped a cell phone in your life, I recommend the RAZR, but if you're human and realize that accidents happen, I would look elsewhere.**Update 11/15** Due to all the skepticism, I posted a picture of my phone. You be the judge. I have no doubt that many people have had no problem in dropping their phone which is why I think mine had a defect in it's manufacture. That is why I think VZW or Motorola should cover it under warranty. I would be just as skeptical as you all are if I hadn't witnessed it myself.**Update 11/16** I found a reasonable person to speak with at Motorola Service and she agreed with me that this was very likely a defect in manufacture or QC. Sent the RAZR in to Moto today for a screen replacement free of charge. Thanks to Cassandra and Motorola for making it right. Upgrade to 4 stars because: MotoCast PC streaming is awesome. The RAZR shows you the lyrics of the song you're listening to even if they aren't tagged or DRM'd. Very smooth fast scrolling/operation. My one caveat now is the battery barely makes it through the day, but I am a very heavy user, so I didn't really expect it to.

I bought this phone when it first came out. I was excited and paid out right for a brand new phone. Got the phone and it was pretty and fun. Within one month of having this phone I was a little late getting it to the charger and it died completely. I plugged it in thinking oh it will charge and I'll come back and turn it on, as any normal person would assume. This was not the case. When I came back to my phone it was dead. It wouldn't turn on or light up at all. I took it back to he store I bought it from and they couldn't get it to come to life either.Verizon told me the manufacturer would ship me out a 'refurbished' phone. I was very upset. I came in and paid cash for a brand new phone less than a month before and they couldn't do me the decency of replacing my product! But I held my tongue.With in a month of having this refurbished phone yet again as if on cue the phone takes a turn for the worst. The screen completely freaks out, I had it set to where you can see where your finger is touching the screen, it makes a cool little circle around your finger. Well my phone decided hundred of invisible fingers were playing all over the screen. It was so over loaded I couldn't get it to do anything. Round two was over and Motorola quickly sent me out my third and current phone.The phone I have now is still working only because when it decided it was going to turn off and escape into death - with out even completely losing batter life too I might add- I went to work preforming life saving techniques on the damn thing. I was able to get the phone turned on and charging by a some miracle. Now I never let my phone get even to the %10 battery life warning. I am currently looking for a cheap used phone to get me through untill my next upgrade. BUYER BEWARE!

I ordered this phone on Black Friday for the $0.01 deal that Amazon had going. When I received the phone I was very excited by it. Absolutely beautiful screen and nice design. I liked it much better than the iphone 4s. However, things quickly took a turn for the worse. Right out of the box, the phone started going into endless re-boot cycles at random time intervals and seemingly simple actions (like trying to text or open a browser) caused the phone to freeze. I attempted a factory reset on the device but it didn't fix the problem. In 12 hours of owning the phone it reset over 50 times. I spent 4 hours on the phone trying to get a replacement through Amazon, Verizon and motorola. What an terrible experience.  Amazonwireless was great to deal with and very customer service oriented and were happy to take it back, but unfortunately they were back ordered for 9 days to get a replacement. They suggested I talk to Verizon or Motorola. I was told by Verizon that since I bought the phone from Amazon it was Amazons problem to deal with it and that even though verizon had the phones in stock, they wouldn't provide me a loaner or a replacement. I would just have to be stuck with a broken phone (which was unacceptable since I am required to have a phone on me 24-7 as I am an on-call pilot). I called motorola and asked if they could send a replacement. They said no. Motorola doesn't replace phones they only repair them. I was told I could send it in for repair and wait 7-10 business days for it to return. Again, being left only with the option of not having a phone for a week and a half. I worked my way through 4 different supervisors at Motorola until I got someone in Corporate (a Mrs. Schofield) who was very rude and insisted on trying to talk over me. She was completely uninterested in solving the situation and couldn't exercise one once of executive authority or creative thinking to solve the problem. She wanted to dictate to me policy out of the motorola employee handbook and was one of the most rude people i have ever encountered in customer service. I arranged a conference call between her and my local verizon corporate store to try to have them ship a phone to verizon so that verizon could facilitate the exchange of the broken phone for a new one. I even offered to allow her to put an authorization on my credit card for the full price of a new phone until they received my broken one back for inspection. Mrs. Schofield informed me that Motorola had no way of charging credit cards (even though you can buy the phone directly from them online....hmmm) and that she wouldn't allow verizon to do the exchange. The best she could offer was to have my phone shipped to motorola for inspection and then to send a new one back...a minimum of a 3-4 day process. I told her about the positive experinces I have had with both apple (replacement at any apple retailer) and HTC (sent out new phone overnight with a credit card authorization which was refunded after old phone was returned) in getting phones replaced and about how that creates a positive experience for the customer and enforces branding with the company. She didn't care and promptly exited to conversation. Before she left I told her that I intended to return the phone and go back to apple or htc if this was how motorola was going to handle problems (imagine dealing with them 6 months or a year down the road instead of less than 12 hours after getting the new phone). I then offered to buy a new iphone from Verizon, but Verizon said I would have to pay full retail even though I had just opened a new account. They said that since I bought the phone with amazon and opened a new line of service and had my number ported over, that my hardware discount was only valid for the specific device I had purchased even though it was defective. They said my only option was to open a new line (which I didnt need) with a different phone number and then to cancel my original line of service. So, I would lose my phone number that I have had for the last 12 years. The people at Verizon made no effort to solve the problem. I tried to tell them that they were going to be getting $180/month from me on my plan for the next two years and to look at the big picture. We were off to a really bad start for my first day with Verizon and they were making me question my choice of going with them. After another hour on the phone (and having the Razr reboot another 6 times), I put the razr and my girlfriends new iphone back in the boxes and sent them back to Verizon. I drove straight to ATT and bought two new iphones and had my numbers ported over. Motorola and Verizon were such narrow minded and horrible companies to deal with that they actually made it easier to cancel my service than fix brand new device which was defective out of the box. Motorola even claimed that they weren't responsible for the phone since it wasn't sold directly from them. What a way to stand behind your products and service guys. I will never purchase another motorola device and Verizon service plan ever again. Both of these companies need to re-evaluate how they deal with customers and give their employees the ability to solve problems rather than making them strictly adhere to company flow charts. Awful, awful, awful. Never again...ZERO STARS! I wish I could have recorded this conversation to put on youtube. At least them I may have gotten some results with them.

I might just be super unlucky and have a rare dud, but my DROID RAZR keeps freezing and restarting constantly, even when I'm not using it, and even after restoring to factory settings.  The good news is that Amazon was great about letting me exchange it for a Rezound instead.Had the phone actually worked, the positives would have been:-SUPER thin and lightweight-Very fast and responsive-Ability to delete many of the preloaded appsNegatives:-It's so wide it's almost impossible to use with just one hand-In general it just wasn't comfortable to hold-The camera is decent but not great-It freezes and restarts every 5 minutes! (but again, I might just be really unlucky with mine)

Don't be alarmed about all the reviews that have negative things to say about the battery. If you have no life and everything you do on your phone requires instant feedback from your friends on facebook or the like.....find more important things to do. You don't need to have everything synced ASAP. I use the phone for photos web browsing, etc. Awesome replacement for the Bionic. Which my wife now has and loves it vs the Droid X.

AM I in the twilight zone? Does no one else notice this screen's resolution is like looking at the old motorola Razor? Is that what they're trying to do here? Give you old crappy graphics with Droid OS? If that was the idea of reissuing old technology they've done it. I went from an HTC Sensation to this piece of crap and am absolutely LIVID at the low res screen, which apparently, according to reviews; is about as tough as a chihuahua not a gorilla. Uhg what have I done. P.S. This phone is very bulky and as I'm typing this I have the sendsation next to me, the screens are exactly the same size. Just the body on the Razr is way bigger. WTF Motorolla? These guys have fallen off, I will stay clear from them from now on. THIS PHONE SUCKS.

I will update this once the phone has arrived.Please ignore the 50%+ reviews on here that whine and complain about the upgrade price vs. new customer price, as those people have a choice to buy elsewhere. I will be reviewing the phone based upon...the actual phone (once it arrives).

This phone sucks I have had it about 3 weeks and have had trouble with random little things some examples: cutting off and on by itself, screen freezing and some other things. The final straw as today after trying to hang up after a phone call my screen once again froze except this time it stayed frozen with that call on the screen for 4 hours and now it acts like its turning on but it doesnt. I so pissed and diappointed wishing i would have gotten an I phone or anything else actully!!

I love 95% of this phone. I love how fast it is, I love how thin it is, the display is freaking MONSTROUS. I really like the hardware on the phone.The 4G is fantastic, and I haven't had any problems connecting to data. I haven't had ANY app compatibility problems.Now the bad stuff: I'm a custom ROM Fiend. My last phone was a Motorola Droid. I was on Cyanogenmod Nightlies for nearly a year, updating about once every four days. So, the lack of an unlockable bootloader on this phone is nothing short of tragic.That being said, (not)Motoblur (or whatever it's called these days) is rather well designed. I alternate between the standard launcher and GoLauncher Plus and both run extraordinarily well on my device.But the lack of custom romming, along with an extremely EXTREMELY annoying rattling power key prevented me from giving this phone a 5 star review.

have been using for about a week, no complaints and so far enjoyed the experience with the razr.  Excellent industrial design of the device, especially in details.  Phone is indeed "THIN AND LIGHT" and feels good in hand, the back bump where the camera is adds a nice "disruption" to the otherwise would be dull flat surface, and with that when I am comfortably leaving it lying on the desk, the bump acts as a "mini stand" or whatever you would call it.Android works perfectly, apps downloaded installed no problem so far, and the essential apps comes with the phone all make sense (except the games, tho).In my view razr is superior in all aspects to some of the other "most-admired" phones, only complaints at this time are: 1) no unlimited data plan; 2) not much accessories to select from yet; and 3) no "Razr-S" model that uses a smaller screen (say 3.7 inch).

I used to have an iPhone and I thought the battery life was bad, until I switched to the Razr.  Wow, the battery life is ridiculously terrible.  I don't even use my phone that often (I have the cheapest data plan), but sometimes I have to charge the Razr 3 times a day.  I could use the alarm clock in the morning, make a 5 minute call, and play a game for 5 minutes, and the battery needs charging.  Not kidding.  Other than that, the Razr is nice.  I like the light weight, the large screen and the sharp color.

It is a great deal on the phone, but because I'm an existing Verizon customer, they won't give me the $111 sale price (even though my two year contract expired three months ago).

I've had quite a few Android devices in my time, but none came close to my Original, Motorola Droid . . . until now. This phone absolutely screams! From the processor to the screen to the form factor to LTE on Verizon, there's nothing not to like. Here are the highlights:1. The ScreenSome have dogged on the screen because it's a pentile matrix and it's not 720p. What do those things mean to you, the actual user? Absolutely nothing. They're qualms for the geek-set (though I am a geek, and I think the screen is brilliant) who like to look at their screens through magnifying glasses and brag about numbers. In actual usage, it would be very, very difficult to find a better screen than this. And no, the iPhone 4S isn't a contender.The parts about the screen that you actually will notice are rather nice. First and foremost, it's a sAMOLED screen. What this means is that it has great contrast, blacks that are actually black (i.e. not backlit), and can be very bright; readable in sunlight bright. I've compared to the Rezound, which has the 720p screen, and there's no comparison. The sAMOLED screen on the RAZR looks vibrant and beautiful next to the comparatively dull and drab SLCD on the Rezound (mind, the Rezound has a nice screen; it just doesn't measure up). Second, the 4.3" screen size. Perfect size for a smartphone. I don't know how I managed on the 3.7" Droid 1, and I have no idea how people are satisfied with the 3.5" one on the iPhone (they probably have just never tried a larger screen).2. Form FactorThis phone is cool! I know this isn't pragmatic, but if you're going to live with a device for a couple of years, you might as well like how it looks and feels. You can get a Miata to go as fast as a GTR, but it'll still look like a Miata, you know?It's also slightly practical, as it slips into a jean pocket without fuss. I don't roll with skinny jeans, but I daresay this would slide into a pair of those as well.3. 4G LTEI get an average download speed of around 5-7Mbps, but I've had as high as 34Mbps! I had a T-Mobile "4G" device, and it averaged around 1-3Mbps with a high of 6Mbps. The internet speeds are as fast as my home WiFi a lot of the time. Also, the 3G signal is quite good (you can turn off 4G to save battery). They're about twice what my Original Droid got; average is around 1-3Mbps.The rest has been covered ad nauseum. The cameras work great, the battery lasts pretty long (if you know how to tweak it especially; run on 3G when you're not on the internet, turn off WiFi when you're not using it, etc.), and Android is the only way to fly when it comes to smartphones.Get it; you won't be sorry!

Best phone i've had. Easy to use. Fast. Smart design. Cool look. Amazing cameras. Would not be this way if it wasn't for 4g. We have a arrived.

Bought 2 new Razr phones and we love both phones as far as the features go, APPS and tons of capabilities.  However the batter life is terrible; less than 15 hours on each phones when on continuously; but only being used 10% of the time.  I read many reviews on how people loved the Razr but not many reviews on the poor battery life.Motorola DROID RAZR 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)

Here is my two cents. I had this phone since it has launced in November 2011. I love it. The people who has rated very low are not very competent or not savvy with droid phones. I had the Droid X, X2, and Bionic. And now the Razr. My only choice back then was black and 32GB total. 16GB (internal) and 16GB (MicroSD. Now you can get the Razr in White, Purple, & Black. With 32GB option or 16GB option. Battery life is actually good. Yes the battery will drain quicker than some phones but you are dealing with a 4G phone. Also for a quick note. The phone is splash / spill proof. The screen colors are amazing. The quality of the HD recording looks great during play back or on your tv. This phone has a lot to offer for new droid users and experienced users.FEATURES:3G / 4G NetworkBody Dimensions 130.7 x 68.9 x 7.1 mmWeight 127 gDisplay Type Super AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, 16M colorsSize 540 x 960 pixels, 4.3 inches (~256 ppi pixel density)Multitouch YesProtection Corning Gorilla GlassSound Alert types Vibration, MP3, WAV ringtonesLoudspeaker  Yes3.5mm jack  YesMemory Card slot microSD, up to 32GB, 16GB card included, buy memoryInternal: 16 GB storage, 1GB RAMWLAN Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, DLNA, Wi-Fi hotspotBluetooth: Yes, v4.0 with LE+EDRUSB Yes, microUSB v2.0Camera: Primary 8 MP, 3264x2448 pixels, autofocus, LED flashFeatures Touch-focus, geo-tagging, face detection, image stabilizationVideo: Yes, 1080p@30fps, 480p@120fpsSecondary: Yes, 2MP, 720p videosFeatures: OS Android OS, v2.3.5 (Gingerbread)Chipset: TI OMAP 4430CPU: Dual-core 1.2 GHz Cortex-A9GPU: PowerVR SGX540Sensors: Accelerometer, proximity, compassMessaging SMS(threaded view), MMS, Email, Push Email, IMBrowser HTML, Adobe FlashRadio NoGPS: Yes, with A-GPS supportJava: Yes, via Java MIDP emulatorColors: Black, White, Purple- Active noise cancellation with dedicated mic- Splash resistant- HDMI port- SNS integration- Google Search, Maps, Gmail- YouTube, Google Talk, Picasa integration- MP3/AAC+/WAV/WMA player- MP4/H.263/H.264/WMV player- Organizer- Document viewer/editor- Voice memo/dial/commands- Predictive text inputBattery  Standard battery, Li-Ion 1780 mAhStand-by Up to 204 hTalk time Up to 12 h 30 min

As usual for Motorola, the device is superbly engineered.  The mechanical quality being best in class.  The human interface is decent too.  I've been able to employ some of the advanced features quickly and easily, which is a change from my Microsoft experiences.  The camera and video work, but are about the same quality I've seen on other phones.  The display is bright and vibrant working well in the shade, but not in full sun.  One curious artifact of the phone is the ubiquitous google presence.  Google wants to know what you're doing, where you're doing it, and with whom.  To this end there seem to be a lot of apps asking for permission to phone home to google and report.  If you want to use the GPS mapping software for instance, google will be informed where you go, when, and for how long.  This just seems unnecessary for a phone, and a little disturbing (at least to me).  But then, I use google Chrome, so google already tracks and saves what I search on and what web sites I visit, so they may as well know who I'm calling, and when, and for how long...  Other than that, I'm impressed wth its Hot Spot capability, te fact that when it's on my home wifi it does not appear to bill me for megabytes delivered, and even its battery life has been good.  The bluetooth to my stereo headsets works great, and I even ran an Audble Droid app to play books from audible.com, contrary to audible's report that they were not compatible with Motorola Androids.  Buy a few and give them away for Christmas!

I bought this phone a week and half ago and thought i would put up a review. a little back ground i have had lots of phones so far in the last two years i have had the following phones: blackberry storm and curve, droid x and droid x 2 and lastly the playstation phone. so far this is my favorite by farPROS- awesome screen very crisp and clear, best screen i have seen i know there is better out there but this is the best i have seen.+ battery life is awesome i used to come home with a low battery every night with my previous phones,but not with this phone. while i work i make alot of calls, on face book alot and use my apps and always come home with a half battery.+  camera and the video recorder is excellent. the camera is 8 mp and the video recorder is 1080p both are give you what would want great pics and videos.+ call quality is excellent nice and clear havent dropped a call yet.+ i like the design of the phone it looks very large but its easy to hold+ it is the thinnest and lightest phone i have ever seen so light i forget it is in my pocket alot. its even thinner then the old razor lol+ 4g is amamzing,super fast it take about  5-8 seconds to download a song, very cool is your city carries 4g.CONS- I do not like that you can not take out the battery, i have had my phone freeze 2 times so far and then what you can not shut the phone off so then what. well in my case you wait about 5 minuets and it unfreezes.- price at 300 its very expensive for a phone that by next year will be half off or buy one get one. i didnt feel to bad about buying cuz with my work discount i only payed 230 and verizon is offering any motorola products so i got a bluetooth head set for 10 bucks.overall a great phone  and like i said best phone i have ever had.

I've had this for three months, it replaced my Incredible. So far I'm thrilled. Excellent Motorola sound quality, super durable, ergonomic, and fast! If I had to complain, I would say battery life isn't great, so unless you want to  spring for extra chargers, wait on the Razr Maxx.

Yes I am addicted to smartphones and other gadgets.I work downtown Chicago and take the train to work. On the train, I check email, watch youtube and Netflix.The only carrier of the big 4 that works on the train from the getgo, is Verizon. I have been tempted many times by other cool phones on other carriers. However they all fail the train test and I return within the return period.the other phone which came close was the ATT skyrocket (the new LTE phone) but it would not stream netflix until almost half way home on the ride. Verizon 4g LTE works while the train is still sitting in the stations waiting for the departure time. THis way I can watch and not have to wait. I am not a fan of verizon support and I think their sales people in the stores are not well trained. Also some are rude. I do not think they ae the best plan deal in town either. But as long as I have to work downtown (which I hate ) I am with them.I had a Thunderbolt which only worked with the 2300 mah extended battery. It was carry a brick around and very uncomfortable in hand with the battery sticking out. I hated it. Also never quite worked right after the Gingerbread OTA. So I was on the hunt to replace. after a lot of research and trying out and returning phones. I now have the DROID RAZR. works on the train, thin size although not the most comfy in hand. Moto has odd designs.It has some quirks compared to HTC Sense UI and Samsung TOuchwiz 4.0 which are among my favorites in that order.But I am getting used to it. I love the "Complete package" even though some things are different.I paid full price for this as my tbolt ctr was not up until 3/13. I could not go that long with the brick.I have had this razr for one day and love it. So far I think I will finally be able to last 2 years when the contract if up before getting tempted to try a cool phone with another carrier.Perhaps if in the mood another day I will update with a real review after I had a change to really get to know it better.11/21/11 UPDATEI returned the phone. Had to fight with Best Buy as it was the second exchange. Got the HTC Rezound instead. Why???The Razr took horrible pictures. Worst I have ever seen in a camera or phone. THis was a deal breaker for me.

Phenomenal deal.  I couldn't turn down the $111.11 on 11/11/11.  I think I'll frame the invoice.  The Droid RAZR is really moving the bar on smartphones.

Holy crap.... i got this beast for a whopping .01 nooo joke lol im so glad verizon decided to let me get a contract with them :) im defintly happy im off att gophone when this baby shows up i can have 3g and 4g now instead of my town stuck with edge for att >.&lt; thank god from the stats and hardware this thing has its a wild bill of the phone world cant wait

Nobody cares about your old phone dropped calls or how much better a deal new people get!  People are trying to decide if they want THIS phone over other phones.  If I could, I'd delete all your whining about non-relevant crap!

I bought this phone due to the great reviews. After 4 months of use, I started to have overheat and lockup problems. I went to the store and they sent a refurbished one that did the same thing immediately out of the box. I returned it and received another refurb. It was good for one month and I had the same problem. Battery life was bad due to the overheating and I had to constantly reset the phone. it could be good, but it was not. I do not recommend this phone. I have since received a RAZR m from Verizon and one month in, I have not had any problems except the battery life.

You'll see many problems come to light with this phone. It looks cool but that's all its worth. I got it on a wed, it wouldn't work on thurs. Verizon didn't know why it stopped and replaced it. Same problem with the replacement on sat. Now verizon said they got a bulletin that the phone is over heating and going into sleep mode to protect itself. You have to hold the power button and down volume button together for 10 sec to bring it back. I told them they can have it back and picked out a different phone. Heat kills any mechanical device and with the contained heat in this thin phone its going to destroy the device in a short time. I bet down the road you'll see a long list of complaints on the razr.

Little over a month after I began using this phone, its screen cracked. This occurred not because I dropped it on a hard surface, but simply because I had it in my pant's front pocket. I was taking pictures with a regular camera during a birthday party, and the simple act of bending down apparently created too much pressure for its screen.Customer service reps with Amazon, Verizon and Motorola were all friendly, but all said that since the incident occurred more than 30 days after I bought the Razr, they could not simply send me a new one, considering what occurred to be "physical damage." In the end, I've had to spend a little under $100 to repair it.Those considering whether to buy this phone would be wise to google "droid razr and cracked screen" should they need further collaboration of what appears to be a common problem with this phone. Perhaps it is because it is too thin? I'm not an engineer, but I do recognize a flawed design when I see one; it should not be so easy to break something like this.I gave the phone two stars instead of one because it really is enjoyable to use. Perhaps not as intuitive user-wise as an iphone, but I was really happy and satisfied with it until this occurred.Gorilla Glass? Take it from my experience - don't believe the hype.

I UPGRADED ABOUT A MONTH AGO FROM A TOUR BB TO THE IPHONE 4S. I AM STILL LEARNING ITS CAPABILITIES AND HOW BEST TO USE THEM. I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO QUESTION THAT I HAVE BY FAR THE BEST SMART PHONE OUT THERE. FOR ME!MY WIFE, ALSO A DOCTOR IS ON HER SECOND MOTO DROID, AND FOR HER IT IS THE BOMB. BUT SHE DOESN'T LISTEN TO MUSIC, AND THIS PLAYER IN THE 4S THROUGH BOSE HEADPHONES IS THE BEST IVE HEARD. I AM AN AUDIOPHILE AND USED TO SELL AND INSTALL MULTI THOUSAND $$ SYSTEMS.THE CAMERA IS PHENOMENAL!!! I STARTED THE FOTOCLUB AT CHURCH AND AM A SEMIPRO PHOTOG. MY MAIN CAM IS ABOUT 5K AND I SHOOT RAW SO I KNOW ABOUT COLOR.FOR THE FIRST 30 DAYS THE PHONE DID NOT DROP A CALL. THE SPEAKER PHONE IS NOT ONLY INSANELY EASY TO USE, IT'S CRYSTAL CLEAR AND NATURAL AND THE OTHER PARTY DOESN'T KNOW THEY ARE ON IT. I'VE ASKED.BATTERY, I NEVER SEE THE RED TEMPLATE. NO MISTAKE IT DOES USE POWER, BUT EVEN BEING SLOPPY AND LEAVING WIFI OR BLUETOOTH ON WHEN NOT USING, IM NEVER RUNNING OUT OF GAS. CARLA IS ALWAYS RUNNING OUT OF GAS. A DEAD PHONE IS JUST A BIG PIECE OF WHATEVER IT IS.SIRI. I'M STILL LEARNING HOW BEST TO USE THIS, BUT I HAVE STARTED PLAYING WITH IT AND ITS DOING A COUPLE THINGS I LIKE. I THINK THE TIME WHEN I WILL NOT HAVE TO TOUCH THIS PHONE IS COMING WHICH I THINK IS THE IPHONE DIRECTION. I LIKE THAT, IT'S EASIER.SO BOTTOM LINE IF YOU LIKE THINGS ALL SET UP AND WELL ORGANIZED AND RELIABLE THEN YOU LIKE APPLE AND IPHONE IS THE ONLY SENSIBLE OPTION. IF YOU ARE AN ADVENTURER, LIKE HOT RODS OVER PORSCHES THEN THE DROID IS JUST FINE. BECAUSE YOU DON'T MIND BREAKDOWNS, PERFORMANCE INCONSISTENCIES, OR A VERY SMALL GAS TANK, AND LITTLE PADDING IN THE SEATS, AND MINIMAL SOUND PROOFING (ITS HEAVY). YOU LIKE PCS W FAST PROCESSORS AND OVER CLOCK THEM AND THEN RACE A BUDDY. IF THAT'S NOT YOU, AN IPHONE WOULD THRILL YOU.

Okay, I might get in trouble from a certain fast food chain for the title of my review, but it's true, I am lovin' the Droid Razr.  This is my first SmartPhone, (unless you count the old Windows Mobile 6 Pocket PC).I wasn't considering getting an Android based phone.  I really wanted an iPhone.  The Amazon Black Friday Sale was the deciding factor and I'm glad that I got the Razr.  Several guys in my office also ordered the Razr and now have a "Razr Club" :)I am enjoying using the Razr.  It fits in my pocket, but I plan on getting a case.  I really like the feel of the phone.  Don't believe all those reviews about the poor camera quality.  I really like the camera.  This is a phone and is not intended as a camera replacement.5 Stars! :)

I've had the phone since launch and the RAZR surpassed my expectations in many ways. The design and features are top of the line, although many DROID fans are anticipating the NEXUS, this phone will not disappoint for those of you who just can't wait. Motorola does a decent job of their custom Launcher and it does lag a bit after loading it up with several apps, but it's nothing to complain about. Even if the animations have a slight lag to it, it's still snappy and responds very well to every action. The screen is amazing. It definitely lives up to Galaxy S2 standards and holds its own with its unique RAZR beveled design. The camera isn't too bad either. It has a very nice zoom feature and exposure control, along with stability assist. It does more than you need a phone camera to do.Now for the bad. It's extremely large and flat which makes it uncomfortable to hold. Unless you have very large hands, you'll quickly find that the luxury of ultra thin isn't so appealing anymore.Overall, the phone is great. It has wonderful built in features. It allows you to hide the bloatware. The screen is amazing. The call clarity and service is amazing. The phone is beautifully designed, minus the ergonomics. The biggest drawback is the inability to replace the battery. The phone can be a huge battery hog if you don't be careful and having to carry around a charger wherever you go really takes away from the slim design.

Like many, I was interested in the $111.11 price from Amazon Wireless, especially since I have four phones that are ready to be upgraded, but I was informed by the Verizon rep. that it is only available to new Verizon customers and that I would lose my existing cell phone numbers if I dropped my existing accounts in order to become a "new" customer.  That, frankly, is just mean spirited and reminded me of how Verizon has earned its poor reputation, despite having developed an improved "in store" experience.The phone itself has many features that I like (speed, MicroSD, semi-replaceable battery, etc.) but I found that the screen brightness for web browsing was not as good as the older Droid Bionic.  For some reason, the built-in browser appears to override the screen brightness setting so that a bright screen with other apps turns into something more grey than white with the browser.  Admittedly the text is easier to read on the more subdued, greyish page but it also looks boring and less fresh.  I think that I might have upgraded to the Droid Razr if Verizon's policies had been less onerous but as it is I am thinking of dropping the data plans on all four of my current phones and just going with cheap replacements and using my iPad for web browsing.  That would cut my costs by $1,440 per year.  Hmmm.

First I'd like to say I've had the phone for about 3 weeks and overall the phone is awesome!!!! And especially the display! Despite what some have said the display is very bright, clear and has amazing color display! Even compared with the rezound, I think its just as good and even better in sunlight and at extreme angles! The speed online is great! Everything from browsing to pinch zoom is very fast and smooth! However the stock launcher does lag a bit when u start adding Widgets. Do not have that problem with other launchers though. The gorilla glass is great and feels so smooth! Best glass on any phone I've ever had! The camera is just average and for some reason it tends to lag when viewing and zooming in on pics you've already taken. Call quality is decent. And when using the handset to talk it could go louder but its about average all-in-all. The speaker is OK and music sounds great when listening through ear buds! I have had some problems with the location based smart actions. U have to have wifi on for that but even with wifi always on I still have trouble with them working. Sometimes they work sometimes they don't. But I love the idea of the smart actions. Just wish they worked more reliably! Other than that I've had no complaints. Beautiful design, lightweight phone. A little uncomfortable in the hand until I got a silicon case. Much better now with the case. Best feature of the phone is the ability to customize so much. And the beautiful display!!! A little pixelation but just beautiful colors and bright and vibrant display!! So overall I think you'll be very happy to choose this phone!! I am!!Updating my review ---Since my original review I haven't had any problems with my location-triggered smart actions.  They've worked perfectly and without problems since. I think there might have been problems with Verizon's service because I've read alot online about Verizon admitting they had problems with various service issues primarily with the razor! But since they said they fixed them, my phones worked perfectly!! Also wanted to add that the battery does have a short life when using the phone heavily! However when u just use the phone moderately for phone calls and texts, the charge tends to last me about 16-20 hrs! And with the smart actions, u can set your phone to turn off battery intensive features when the display is off, etc. Still loving the phone!! Best smartphone I've ever had! Hands down!!

I upgraded to the Razr from the Droid X about a week ago and am thrilled!  Running the SpeedTest app, I was getting a good 11.5 mb down and 6.5 up which was a HUGE boost from the Droid X on the 3G network.  It is also much quicker.  Toward the end of my usage with Droid X, it was starting to feel pretty slow.  Eventually when texting, it couldn't keep up with my fingers and would usually lag about 4 to 5 words behind which was frustrating.  On the Razr, all the apps I use load up right away.The only con I have found with this phone so far is for one reason or another, Hulu is not supported on this model.  I am hoping eventually that this will get fixed.I plan on replacing my cable with this entirely soon.  With the wireless hotspot on their 4G network along with Netflix and Hulu (if Hulu makes it's way to the Razr) the phone will pay for itself in two months and start saving me quite a bit each month after that.Now just looking forward to ICS.

Good phone, sometimes battery drains fast when phone is actively used for an extended period of time.  Takes a bit to learn all the features (especially when upgrading from a non-smart phone).  Still glad I chose razr over the droid 4.  Only wish was I had the Maxx.

Just spoke to a Verizon Wireless rep, Even though as of 10/24/11 I was eligable for upgrade phone promotion the actual 2yr contract doesnt end till 2/24/12...Which means I would have to pay an early term. fee of $150(today)AND...this is the big kicker and the reason why they have "new" vs. "upgrade"...you lose your number. So even if today were 2/24/12 my decision to close one contract to open a new one so as to get the discounted phone, would be weighed by losing my 12yr old number.

Hoping that the money I spent $.01 is well worth it.  I've been using an iPhone since 1st generation and I'm tired of it.  Looking forward to receiving this in a few days before the Holidays.

Some people are blowing things way out of proportion.Before all that let me explain to you.  The Droid RAZR came out so soon after theMotorola DROID BIONIC 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)that a lot of people were quite frustrated with Motorola.  Given the issues of the Bionic (which some are quite valid and some overblown), it was like people got locked into something without realizing what was going on, and then here comes the RAZR, which is a supposedly superior device all the way around.  The reality is - it's superior but it's also inferior, if that's even possible.  What some people don't realize is what I've constantly said about phones: it's all in how you use it.  What matters is the use case: everything else is pointless.  A person might be a workhorse and absolutely hate the phone.First the RAZR features a form factor that is slimmer than any other smart phone (I don't think it's slimmer than any other phone.  I believe that honor still remains with the T-mobile Dash, but only by a tiny bit).  It's also a beautiful looking device, from the sleekness of the body to the accents and yes, even the Gorilla Glass which fronts the screen.  From an aesthetic perspective, it's an amazing looking device.  Yes, it can be a bit wide in the hand, and some clumsy sorts will balk because they can't properly grip the device and are forced to hold it like a table.  Some people will buy it for no other reason than this - that's fine, but it's critical that you understand the phone's shortcomings BECAUSE of this profile.  Because there are quite a few.Call quality was not a problem, especially on speaker phone; the speaker was loud and clear and callers were easily heard.  But the slimness of the phone of course limits what type of speaker you can really put in the phone, so while a quiet room will yield an amazing call, a crowded space or a moving vehicle will not...unless it's a noise-filtered limo, perhaps.  Music was a different boat altogether, as it seemed to be loud and crisp no matter what, except over the headphone jack, where the quality seemed muted compared to the Bionic or the Thunderbolt.Motorola's phones all now come with their MotoBLUR overlay, so you're not getting stock Android no matter what you say.  The difference here is that the RAZR's MotoBLUR is quite subtle and not nearly as overpowering as other Motorola devices such as theMotorola Droid X No Contract 3G WiFi 1GHz Android Smartphone Used Verizon.  I never got the sense that MotoBLUR was trying to "filter" my experience.  In fact, you can even remove certain bloat like some of the games, and hide most anything else.  Certain things will still launch such as VZ Navigator, but you can kill them with the built-in task manager rather easily, or download an app such as ES Task Manager which shows even more applications to murder.  In summary, the RAZR does not feel in the least bit bloated or weighed down with unnecessary apps.Speedwise the RAZR is one of the fastest on the block, easily handling most tasks faster than the Bionic even, which is surprising given they both have dual core processors.  I can only attribute this to possibly a heavier instance of MotoBLUR/bloat on the Bionic, but I'm not totally certain.  All I know is that the RAZR is able to pull off things much easier and smoother than the Bionic ever could.  The difference is that the Bionic has more memory dedicated to its applications (4GB vs 2GB), so you're not consuming valuable internal space, more regular internal memory (16GB vs 8GB) and slightly more RAM available (1GB vs 512MB) for multi tasking.  You do get a 16GB microSD card and easy access to it from a side port.All was not rosy with the RAZR, unfortunately.  First, the battery has been criticized, not only for its lifespan, but its inaccessibility.  On a heavy day of usage you'll be lucky to get 9 hours out of it.  If that seems short, it is...given the current minimum acceptable standard is around 12-15 hours and some phones can last well over 24 hours.  But here is where some people's use cases are going to need to change: The RAZR *can* last 23 hours.  I've done it.  Unfortunately, it requires changes to one's workflow that a person may not be willing to make.  For example, disabling 4G and going with the significantly slower 3G (Verizon has probably the slowest 3G of the carriers) yields at least 5 hours of extra battery in a given day, even with regular usage.  The screen does not sap as much power as the data radio, and using the phone on Wi-Fi and disabling the data radio entirely yields even more battery.  You also have a Smart Actions app, which lets you set customized profiles based on trigger events that can be used to enhance your workflow and/or conserve battery life.  Using these properly based on the way you actually need to use the phone, in addition to more conservative usage (i.e. not playing games all day, but you're working your job or learning in class which in theory means you're using it MAYBE 2 or so hours a day) can help in reaching the lauded battery life levels.Again though, since it's an inaccessible battery, you'll need to be near a charger or carry an external battery pack, such asMotorola Universal Dual-Charging Portable Power Pack (Black, Retail Packaging)or something larger if you need more power than this puts out.  Keep in mind that these will at least keep your device from completely dying in the event of an emergency call, where you have destroyed the battery playing Angry Birds instead of focusing on your job.  But they're not going to give you a full charge from dead.  The RAZR itself takes quite a long time to charge from a regular power outlet, well over 2 hours from dead zone, so you need to plan accordingly.  If this is your only source for phone calls you will certainly need to adjust your workflow to match the phone requirements.Camera quality was a mixed bag for sure.  While it does record 1080p video and HD 8MP photos, the video in particular looks fuzzy and not that high quality.  The image stabilizer creates a "warbling" effect that is quite annoying, almost as if it's overcompensating for motion that isn't yet there.  On the photo side, you'll initially think the photos are quite good, but even compared to the Bionic, I was let down.  Color levels seem muted and shading/contrast was weak.  It wasn't easy to make out fine details and some of the photos appeared muddy when compared to other phone cameras.  Giving credit where it's due, the LED is bright enough that you can film in low light indoor conditions reasonably well, and the camera itself does not have too much of an adverse impact on the battery.  It's quite possible that they cheaped out in this area on purpose so as not to destroy the battery life.The RAZR is easily the best Android phone I've used so far.  The irreplaceable battery is a downer, yes.  But it's still a solid phone worthy of a look.

Stop reviewing verizon and amazon review the phone!!!!Well the design is gorgeous and looks really good. The phone is fast and good. I wish it was more stock on the ui for android but it isnt horrible the way it is. The battery could be better but it is amazing compared to the thunderbolt.. Most people that have horrible battery life need to see the apps refresh rates most of my friends never do and have facebook checking every hour and twitter too. All in all a great phone and I hope since google now owns them that when ice cream comes it will not be plastered with blur.

Let me start out by saying that this phone is fantastic. I would even go as far to say that its the best phone out on the market today. It has an incredibly fast processor, which was the same processor that was in laptops less than five years ago, it has a super-thin body, weighs almost nothing, and has a great display. However, it's not the "perfect" phone. Like all of them, it has its share of issues. Battery life and camera quality haunts its rating, causing a 5 star to go down to a 4.Pros:- GREAT processor- VERY thin- Light as well- The display, although not a retina display, is plenty vibrant enough- 16 GB internal + 16 GB external- Runs Gingerbread, but is getting upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich in early 2012Cons:- Although the camera is 8MP, it still shoots rather grainy photos. However, unless you're trying to shoot professional photos, which you shouldn't be doing with your phone anyways, you should be fine.- Battery Life = This is a big one. I have to charge my phone twice a day, once before going to bed, and once during work. The good news is it charges relatively quickly. The bad news is it loses its charge relatively quickly as well.OVERALLIf you're looking for a new phone, this is definitely the one to get. However, if you want a phone specifically for shooting pictures, you'll have to find a different one.

The Good:The Droid Razr has an AMOLED display that is really visually stunning. The kevlar back is a nice touch.  The phone is speedy and quick.  Battery life is good, given the dual core processor power of the phone.Now the bad:My 9 year old LG VX4400 has much better audio quality.  A hiss can be detected in the earphone, external or internal, after every word is spoken.  Even a person on the other end tells me that my voice quality is not as good, with or without an external headset, as my old cell phone.  Audio / MP3's are also not up to par with an iPod, or even my foxit eslick ebook reader!Update: Google sky map and the compass do not work correctly, reportedly due to an Android OS driver issue? Hopefully this will be addressed in an update.

I've had my Droid Razr for about a month now, and it is a marvel. light, durable, comfortable to hold and to pocket, attractive, the screen is gorgeous, and it's amazingly fast, particularly compared to my old Droid 2 (and even my wife's iPhone 4). The audio quality is surprisingly good as well. I use it to play Spotify through my car stereo, and the sound is noticeably better than my 2nd gen iPod touch. A bit base-heavy perhaps, but I think for many people that's a plus.Another stand-out for me is call quality. I don't think I've ever had a phone with calls that sound as clear as this one. You won't mistake it for someone in the room with you, but it's head and shoulders above any other recent phone I have owned.My only complaint is with the quality of the camera. It takes pretty good pictures in full daylight, but the image quality diminishes greatly as the light diminishes. Don't even bother with low light indoor shots, particularly with action. Even with the flash, images are mediocre at best. The iPhone is hands-down the winner in this category.I hear complaints about the battery, but the solution for me is simple: battery life management. I don't need my GPS, bluetooth, wifi and 4G on all the time. I use the included widget to manage the first three and I downloaded a free 4G toggle widget to manage the other. With those off for most of the day (I never turn off push notification), on average I can still get two full days on a charge. Even with 4G on all the time, I can quite easily get through the day without a charge.Despite the mediocre camera, I still give this phone 5 stars. I'm an avid Apple fan, but in all honestly, it equals or surpasses the iPhone 4S in every way except for the camera. A co-worker just got the Galaxy Nexus, and although he won't admit it, I know he wishes he'd gone for the Droid Razr instead.

Negating the idiots who don't know anything about this phone or bashing Amazon pricing. This is the thinnest, fastest, good looking phone available right now. You'd be dumb to not get it if you're on Verizon, unless you're holding out for the Galaxy Nexus like I am :)

Worst phone I've ever bought! Battery sucked. Extremely slow even with 4G. Nice design but with the performance so terrible the design means nothing. Hated e phone o much I paid full price to get an iPhone 4S and that was by far a better phone. Even with iPhones 3G it was faster than the razrs 4G

This phone is simply amazing.  It is fast with it's 1.2Ghz processor & 1GB DDR2 ram.  THe 4.3" Super AMOLED screen is just amazing, and with all the features this phones have, I can't think of anything else I would need.  Stream netflix movies on the go, listin to music, check ur email, do anything you want right from the palm of your hand.And, if you want a little extra 'size' - look into the Motorola Lapdock 100 or 500.  They offer a laptop type solution that you plug your phone into for a larger view and more options!Really Veriozon and Motorola have stepped it up!Check out my review of the Razr![...]

I will start by saying that this is my first smartphone in the last 3 years (I used to have the old palm treos and early blackberries).  My, what a difference a few years makes.This computer, er, "phone" is extremely responsive and quick.I will say that I live in a 4G area, so that helps, though I do every once in a while see the network toggle between 3G and 4G for no apparent reason.There are a ton of apps that can take care of almost anything you can think of.  In the month or so that I have owned this phone, it has helped me book hotels, find restaurants, grab coupons at those restaurants ... it's been amazing.I was planning on getting the Nexus, or even the HTC Rezound, but when I tested the phones hands on in the store, this was the best fit for me.  It's barely noticeable in my pocket and feels comfortable to use as well.

I got the phone mainly as an impulse buy when I saw the pricing. I have an HTC Merge from U.S. Cellular but had really been craving something a bit more upscale.I recommend porting your number to Google Voice, and then activating a new number with Verizon to get the phone for a penny. This way you can always get a the "new" customer pricing, by cancelling your old line at the end of your contract, and keep you number via Google Voice.The phone itself is super-fast and has great battery life. I took a ton of pictures on Thanksgiving and used it quite a bit all day, and at the end of the day I'm at 2/3rd full.Amazing phone overall for the price.

I've owned it for about 2 months now. It is great. I can go through 100 MB of data a day on 4G and still have ~20% battery left at the end of the day so I guess battery life is good based on that. It is VERY slim. I have a silicone cover on mine and it is STILL as slim if not slimmer than other comparable phones caseless. The HDMI port allows me to stream Netflix (Android Market rentals as well) to my HDTV which I love. The phone is always smooth at everything it does. SOME apps have stuck on me however I have determined due to the specs of my phone, it is on the app developers side.This is hands-down the most high quality Android device available and will be that way until Motorola decides to revamp it. Motorola has done a very good job with it. Nothing about it is cheap unlike other Android devices that have a removable battery. Nothing about this phone is mediocre either. It is a model that will last for years and will always stand out compared to the rest.

BETTER:+Internet Speed+Processing Speed+Graphics & Videos+Weight+Screen Size+HDMI+Extra accessories like Lapdock+OS Version+More water resistant (haven't tested though, but there are fewer gaps for the water to get in)+8 MP Camera+Front CameraWORSE:-Lack of Removable Battery (Considering Droids' mediocre battery life, it is essential to have a removable battery ! In fact I had 5 of them for my Droid 2 and never run out of juice while on the road.)-Typing accuracy (Much fewer typing errors with removable keyboard. Plus with sliding keyboard you could go from portrait to landscape just by sliding the keyboard, instead of relying on the auto-detection which doesn't function reliably on any devices I've tried. Finally in the landscape mode especially, software keyboard takes 80%+ of the screen. Physical keyboard obviously allows you to see the entire screen while typing.)-Ergonomics (It feels like a small tablet in one's hands, bigger than it actually is. One hand operation is nearly impossible.)-Text Resolution (Looks much grainier & less readable)-Lack of Global SIM Support (And 4G SIM slot won't take global SIMs.)

Despite all of the reviews of this phone being one tough puppy, Motorola and Verizon only have it half right.  It is a puppy alright, a little toy poodle of a puppy, too fragile to carry around on your hip in a case, a padded case, a fairly nice padded case.Apparently sometime today after removing it from the charger, my Droid Razr died. I took it to the local Verizon Corporate store to have them take a look at it they showed me a very tiny crack in the bottom right hand corner of the screen and told me "sorry sir tough luck, you must have bumped your phone and it's damaged and we can't repair it or warranty damaged phones". The guy calls his manager over to confirm his diagnosis and the manager says, "see, you can really damage these by just pressing down on the phone like this", and he starts pressing down on the face of my phone.  "Really dude, stop that, I don't care if you are the manager".  I guess he thought that is was already dead, he could do whatever he wanted.There is not a single scratch on the outside of this phone and they are telling me it is damaged and can not be warrantied. Of course right over this guy's shoulder, Verizon is advertising this as a near bullet-proof phone with cracks in the "Gorilla Glass" and Kevlar case still working away like some kind of commando phone used by Navy Seals during beach assaults.This thing is as fragile as a rose in the hot August sun.  I don't even know when or where I may have bumped my phone to cause this catastrophic failure.  One minute is was working and after a trip to Home Depot, nada, is is as dead as a hammer.Moto wants $179 to fix this precious little tea cup of a phone. To be clear, there is not so much as a single scratch on this phone and the Verizon guy is telling me he can replace it with a new one for $600.  Yeah, right. Instead, I am going to another provider and get another phone on a new line.  To heck with Verizon.So, I cancelled my data plan and went back to my old LG Envy 3 that is a better phone just without all the bells and whistles of a smart phone. Should I decide to stay with Verizon I guess I can wait for 20 more months to get another Verizon smart phone.  But whatever I replace this with , it will NOT be a Moto Droid Razr and most likely, not a Motorola product at all.Seriously, this phone is very fragile, and if your are looking for a durable smart phone, look elsewhere.  This one is not for you if you are one of those likely to stick your phone in your pocket or in a padded case as in my case, this one may not be for you.  It really is not up to the challenge of normal everyday use.

i didn't hear about it today either!!! 11/12/11 !!!  on the kron 4 new!!! bad advertising there guys!!! i just spent a lot of time trying to get this deal!

My iPhone friends are so jealous of my thinner, but bigger and lighter and faster and cooler phone that cost way less then their old technology 3G iPhones. Some finally have realized how mind numbed they have been made by Apple's brainwashing.

So far the negative reviews for this phone are based off of what Amazon is charging for it ($249 for upgrade customers, $111 for new customers)...the phone is $300 in Verizon and $300 with a ton of accessories over at Costco today.Now, as for the actual phone itself...it's good.  The screen is a new AMOLED Advanced which means it can use the same pixel density as other AMOLED screens but provide a better color saturation...while the Nexus and upcoming Rezound have higher pixel ratios the screen on this still looks great.The operating system is android's kind of new Gingerbread with Motorola's overlay called Blur.  It slows the device down a little bit but provides their own custom interface that creates a more flashy transition between apps, screens, etc.Also Motorola's RAZR has Kevlar on the back for strength, a nano-coating on the outside and inside for splash protection, and gorilla glass 2.0 for the screen...this might be the first legit Droid where no case is required.Call quality from MobileTechReview, Phonedog, CNET, and others all say this phone is excellent, as is the smoothness of the web browser and the gps.The only negative is that the battery isn't removable so the battery in the phone is all you get...what that means for me is nothing though since I have a car charger and charger at the office, not to mention the docking station doubles as one and looks good on my desk.For ANYONE who's been a fan of Motorola's old RAZR, their new Droids, or just needs a new phone, this is the best one that's out there right now...yes better than the iPhone, especially if you like to customize things...nothing competes with Android in that regard.The camera and the videocamera so far got good reviews as well, with the Camera side of it getting higher marks, especially when showing off the videos to your friends on the big screen.Cloud service is standard as well as a smart actions app that can customize how the phone works everywhere you go...for instance it uses gps to detect when you're at work, connecting you to the wi-fi there, making your phone ringer change to vibrate on days when u have a meeting, etc..it's a really cool idea.Finally through Motorola you can sync your PC to the phone and transfer data instantly...take a note in word for class, the note appears in Word back on your dorm laptop, want to listen to your itunes, music can be streamed from your PC's playlist without you having to actually put the songs on your phone.It's a great device and everyone who's negative about it just for the price is really stupid...either get it now for $249 like the sad sad people paid 2 months ago for the Bionic, like people did for the Thunderbolt, and like people did for the Revolution....or wait till Black Friday and/or Christmas when I'm sure some sort of sale will be happening...either way it's a good phone.

I have had this mobile phone for 60 days.I am a heavy data users, subscribing to the 22GB of data for $100 through Verizon Wireless.The RAZR has mobile hotspot problems.  Specifically, the RAZR may not work with "https" secure-websites -- such as email accounts, bank accounts and any website that necessitates a user name and password to access it.There is software adjustment required to remove this glitch, in Windows 7.  Verizon tech support was completely useless in problem resolution.  The most "technical support" offered by Verizon was to replace the mobile phone, or, power cycle the phone (turn it off/on).Once I resolved this problem, by googling it and finding a forum that discusses solutions to resolve this problem, I then found that the RAZR will throttle back the service if you are streaming too much data for the security parameters built-in the phone to permit.  The end result, webpages that were freezing, not loading, or loading partially.Consequently, if you use 100mb / hour as I do, the RAZR will mysteriously throttle the 4G connection back -- resulting in garbled webpage loads and high latency.Therefore, all heavy data users who mobile hotspot to a PC will be unfamiliar with the aforesaid glitches unless they are continuously streaming data.Verizon tech support now agrees there is an inherent problem with the RAZR, and that a fix or software patch should arrive by mid-February.  I cannot wait any longer, nor can my tolerance be appeased with excuses and apologies.  I switched to the Galaxy Nexus as my only way to be assured of stable and dependable internet.  Stay tuned for my feedback on that mobile phone.Otherwise, you run the risk of having garbled data on webpages as they are unable to load properly.  This cautionary tale applies to the mobile hotspotting with a PC and for users who stream information and need a connection with low latency and high reliability

OK, I have to start out with a caveat: I've been an HTC handset user since before Android, and this may have made me a bit biased, but not by that much!OK, now, on with the RAZR review: It's an awesome phone! Light, thin, super fast, super responsive, and slick. All you could want in a phone, right? Yeah, but Motorola missed a few things. The thin is nice, but it isn't shaped correctly, in my opinion. They wasted real estate on either side of the screen, and I feel they could have contoured the edges a bit more to make it more pleasant in the hand.As for the software and UI, I still think the HTC Sense interface wins(biased...LOL). There are little things that I miss already: Pinch zooming my home panels and the big HTC clock/weather widget on my home panel. With the RAZR, it's either a clock/calendar or an analog clock and separate weather widget....too much hassle to DL one from the market. Other software gripes: HTC has a built in flashlight app that utilizes the dual LED flash lights to create what I reapeadetly hear as "Holy crap that's bright!" from my HTC Incredible flashlight feature. Once again, there IS an app for that, but a basic function that Motorola should include... NOW, for my  biggest complaint: The web browser. There are two things that irritate me about the RAZR (and other Motorola handsets): 1. No easy home page choice...I have to go via bookmarks...on the HTC, it's the first item on the "more" menu of options. 2. The missing ability to force the browser to load Full Web Pages instead of watered down mobile pages. Most sites now have a fairly functional mobile site, but on others, there are issues, and I should be able to select or deselect "view as mobile page". My single core Incredible renders full web sites with just a little sweat, so this dual core Motomonster should be able to handle it. Motorola has such a nasty habit of locking out user functionality....why? I don't know, but they've been non-user friendly in my opinion since I first started using Motorola back in the days of the V-Series Flip Phones that were in use right before the original RAZR came out...Now, for a few more ups and downs. Smart actions is brilliant, but still has some shortcomings....like, wifi has to be left on for location based actions...one of the biggest eaters of power is Wifi searching...Wifi is one of the things I want to turn on and off...otherwise, this is a brilliant idea! I didn't get to experiment with the other bundled software like the remote media serving service as I am returning this phone in exchange for the HTC Rezound.Last but not least, the other most used part of the phone (at least for me): The camera. Win and lose here. Starting with the MotoZine....a joint Motorola/Kodak venture, Motorola has had a VERY nifty feature in their phones that seems to have gotten even better: Panoramic mode. The feature rocked before, and now it is all automated and works pretty good...for a phone! I took some very nice pan shots with this camera. HOWEVER, this camera could take way better pictures....for example, it defaults to a 6MP setting for widescreen shots, and you can ONLY select 6MP wide or 8MP standard....and of course resolution drops for those nice panoramic shots...I was not at all impressed with the coloration of my recent sunset shots....the RAZR changed all the pinks and purples to oranges and browns...while they were still pretty, they DID NOT capture the actual colors when pointing at the sunset...I tried adjusting the settings including using the "sunset" setting in the camera with the same exact results. Funny, the pan shot caught the colors better. My HTC Incredible gets the colors very nicely.Verdict: If you are new to Android or not a power user (I define power user as someone who needs an extra battery but doesn't root their handsets) and love the this appeal....this phone is for you. Otherwise, I can't see any true compelling reasons to buy this phone over other capable and more affordable handsets out there. I also was unable to review this while on a 4G network as life has taken me back out to the boonies. I gave this three stars instead of four even though it is one of the better handsets I've used, I'm an HTC fan AND a power user...the non-removable battery would have killed me although the RAZR did far better than I expected on battery times! I Also need to note that while the screen on here was amazing, there were some DEFINITE flaws in the screen itself. When watching movies, there were weird shapes in the true blacks and some colors....parts of the screen that were imperfect...like jagged mountains of discoloration stretching from the sides of the screen...???? I'm replacing this with the HTC Rezound. I have had EXCELLENT luck with HTC phones...they are tough, fast and I actually dig the Sense interface. Maybe with Google owning Motorola, they may open up the software for a true Android experience....until then, I'll stick with my HTC products!A side note on Amazon Wireless: After years, they are still in "beta". It shows, too. When they first put on their penny sale, their website crashed for 16 hours or so, and it took me 1.5 days to place a cell phone order. They also changed their penny sale promotion in the last days from all phones to all phones in stock after repeated assurances that the price would be good throughout the sale. I don't like those kind of tactics at all. Also, the mobile hotspot/free giftcard promo is a bit of a joke. It can take up to 60 days to get your "redemption code". This is longer than even mail-in rebates, and I think it stinks! If you call the Amazon Wireless "800" number, the first thing they say is that they "think buying a new phone should be easy". This was far from easy for me. On the one positive side, I was able to swap my phones out and get the phone I actually wanted. They sold me the Rezound on the last day of the promo for the penny, but they were reluctant to do so. AND, after the phones came back in stock (they were backordered), I had to call in and they had to force my order through... I guess I've just become too used to very good service from the regular Amazon...Amazon Wireless is NOT where I'll be turning for my next cell phone purchase. They are anything BUT easy in my opinion...I may even return my Rezound and cancel the new line. Happy shopping!

Phone fell off the couch and the glass shattered into a spiderweb.  Rediculous.  Forums all over have 100s of people complaining of the same issue, including taking a picture and the glass cracks.  No support from Motorola or Corning Glass - costing $150 to fix.  Don't by it unless you plan to not touch it or pay additional $150.

I just upgraded from an HTC Thunderbolt to this RAZR and I have to say that the RAZR is better in every respect. Previously, I was confident in HTC's build quality, UI enhancements, etc, but Motorola did a bang-up job here getting rid of Motoblur and replacing it with a much lighter interface. The signal is also better than my Thunderbolt... I can get reception in places I couldn't before.-UI: Much better than the Thunderbolt I had previously, the mail app is much easier to navigate and has gestures (swipe right-to-left on a mail to delete, though you can change this and the other direction to simply mark mail as read), and switching between folders and e-mail accounts can be done in fewer taps. I'm not sure if this is Android 2.3.5 at work, or Motorola's customizations. Has a 3 icon dockbar + 4th app drawer icon, and the stock app icons look nice without being intrusive. Consistent colors and design between apps. Again not sure if this is Android or Motorola's doing.-Display: Very nice high-res display. Plenty of room for notification icons at the top (the thunderbolt could only fit about 4, because it ALWAYS displayed a GPS icon to represent the E911 always-on GPS). Very sharp and crisp, and looks nice even at lower brightnesses. Other online reviews said the screen has a green tint because it's a PenTile display (though I've seen a few that dispute this). I personally don't see any green tint. If there is one, it's barely noticeable.-Design: The phone is obviously very thin, probably one of the reasons you are considering this phone. I can say it's basically a pane of glass (Gorilla glass!) and a bit of plastic behind it. The microphone placement of the THREE microphones and the loud and clear speakers contribute to the good call quality. I wouldn't call it GREAT but I don't think I've used a cellphone with what I'd call 'GREAT' call quality. The camera is quite the shooter, capable of taking 1080p video (but NOT if you enable device encryption... it apparently can't write fast enough with encryption on, and limits you to sub-HD recording). My one nit-pick about the design are the ports on the top. It's the only place thick enough to have connectors which makes sense, but makes it hard to charge and use your phone, or if you leave it on your desk with cables going over the front, the phone is facing the wrong way to quickly glance at. The kevlar back is a nice touch, though it does get warm after using the phone for an extended period (so does the front glass, to an extent). I've seen people complain in reviews about the buttons on the side, and while the volume buttons are hard to press, it's just not something I change often so it hasn't been an issue.-Apps: There is some included bloatware, but being Android 2.3.5, you can hide apps you don't want to see. You can uninstall the included commercial games as well. SmartActions app is a really great addition here. The app lets you set triggers and actions that will happen automatically on your phone. The triggers can be many things, from being near a certain location (based on GPS/WiFi), connecting to a certain wifi network (set it to your home or work wifi to have the rule only take effect there), battery level, motion sensor, etc. The actions can be changing just about any system setting on the phone, disabling or enabling radios, screen brightness/timeout settings, volume, and even automated text messaging (I guess if you wanted to invite somebody to dinner EVERY TIME you were near their house...?) I do miss HTC's great widgets, and Motorola's are a bit lacking (can't make them certain sizes such as 1x4), but I own Beautiful Widgets so that's not really an issue. The ability to unlock directly to the camera is nice, for when you want to take a picture of something before you miss it. You can also silence the phone from the lockscreen.-Productivity: The inclusion of the Swype keyboard is great, and Quickoffice really shines when you can type/correct documents with it. In addition, this is the first phone I have ever used that will sync Tasks/To-Do from Exchange with the stock apps.-Other: The battery is okay, without any power-saving features you will need to charge it daily, but if you use SmartActions to turn on/off wifi and cell data when you're asleep (you could set it to turn those off at midnight, and back on at 7am), or you use the phone's "Sleep" feature (instnat-on low power mode), you can stretch it to 48 hours with light e-mail checking and web surfing use. The front-facing camera is ugly, not in picture quality but the square it leaves on the front of the phone stands out. It's just cosmetic, however. I miss the kickstand from my Thunderbolt, too, but it's not such a big deal with all the other improvements this phone has over it.I have the opportunity to use quite a few phones on a day-to-day basis as part of my work, but I have to say this is my favorite 'toy', not just because the design turns heads, but because it is a great phone, and probably the best 4G phone on the market.

IDK what everyone is complaining about with this phone. I've had it for a week now and I love it.I upgrade from the OG droid and can definitely tell the difference in processor speed. RAZR destroys multitasking. I've been trying to find lag with this phone, but its just too dang fast. Not even a whimper out of this brute.I did run into a slight problem with the phone not turning on within the first 2 days, but that was a simple fix. Just hold down the power button and down volume for 10 seconds. Phone booted back up.All in all, if you got the money, I would recommend this over the Rezound or Galaxy Nexus any day.

I got my phone from Verizon.  To be honest Verizon is the worst place to buy from but since I could charge it on my bill and I am almost 6 months away from when my contract is up it was the only option.As from what I read in other reviews Yes the phone has black blotches.  However I only saw them in pitch black darkness which is not a normal way I hang out.  I attempted to watch a movie in the dark on my phone and It did not interfear with the movie.  I saw it when nothing else was on the screen or during boot up but it was slight.  This was somthing I was willing to live with.I loved the speed of the phone I loved how the screen looked and I did like the interface. I found it easier than my thunderbolt. People prised me about how clear I sound compaired to the thunderbolt and the clarity was execlent.Now why did I return it in less than 24 hours?  it did not play the older games correctly.  I like pac man ms pacman, need for speed, space invadors.  Raging thunder 2 was interesting It mimized it's self to a small screen.  When I looked up the problem there was an app to download called spare parts and if I unchecked compatibily mode it fixed that game.  But why should I have to go though all that. with compatibibly mode disabled other games don't look right. so...I'm pretty sure the devlopers will get around (one day) to make those games compatable. but until then I will use my bolt.  in the mean time the razr max is comming out.Why did I choose this phone over the Samsung Galaxy nexus.  Well the motorola was built better, In every Verizon store I went to the backs of the the nexus was falling off.  Believe it or not I liked the colors of the screen better on the razr.  Interesting enough I tried to download ms pacman on the sammy and I had the same problem as the razr.  However on the rezound (which has a different chipset)  it was good.I'm hoping they will fix this so I can re purchase that phone or a greater one in the future.

Before this phone I had the mytouch 4g which is suppose to be basically crap compared to this phone, but in my opinion its amazing compared to the Droid razr.. I've had the droid razr for a bit over 2 weeks and I completely hate it.. the largeness of the screen is neat..  but at the end of the day its a bit large to just slip in your pocket.. on top of that my phone over heats like crazy just turn on the gps.. and you'll see.. or talk on the phone for more then 15 minutes.. once again like many of the owner of smartphones will say is the battery life.. but come on who carries there charger everywhere!!! -_- you have to plug it in at least twice a day to make sure it stays in the middle.. because the battery doesn't last that long with basic use.. this is all my personal opinion.. the weight just makes me feel like I will break it in one shot even though i've dropped way more then twice and it seems to have not been affected by it.. except losing signal and having to restart it.. but thats also a normal way for cellphones.. I just want to let ya'll know if your looking for a phone that has a good feel in the hand, that can be used for multiple things or just the simple things as talking this is not it... it overheats for everything.. sigh!! good luck picking your phone!! and I would suggest waiting for the galaxy nexus!!

Phone worked well for the first year.  Purchased in 01/12. Software update occurred in early spring of 13.  Wiped out email access.  Voice mail access. Phone will no longer ring - only vibrates.

I'm part of the Verizon Wireless Ambassador Program where I am given a device for free in order to provide input.I consider myself a very very basic user of smartphones and Android devices. I have both a Droid X (personally) and have playing around with the RAZR for a few days now. The RAZR is sleeker than the X for sure. Clearly it's thinner and lighter.I received my RAZR with Android SW 2.3.5 on it. My X still has 2.3.3.You'll probably be reading about the great call quality however, I have not been able to have a good call on the device yet. All my calls seem hollow and/or tinny. This was the exact same problem I had when I first activated my Droid X back in August 2010 and had to get it swapped out for a replacement.If you're a data lover, then you're going to enjoy the 4G LTE. Downloads are fast but be warned! You will use your battery FAST! Battery usage should simply be a default expectation.I thought the camera on my X was always blurry and didn't react in time for me to get the pictures I wanted. I have not seen this in the RAZR yet which is  bonus since I use my phone as my camera.Overall, it's a pretty OK phone.

This phone has been awesome. Ive used the heck out of it already and it is consistent. The biggest complaint I have heard is about battery life (which all droids seem to have difficulty with) but with this phone I have been connected to either 4G or wifi 24/7 with at least a few hours of call time a day, and my battery is on its second day straight without a charge and is half full. So (knocks on wood) battery life has been excellent for me. It moves very quickly, no lag time even on heavy demand apps like double twist. Its VERY thin and lightweight, it doesn't feel like its even in your pocket. Yet the phone itself doesn't feel cheap. It has enough heft that you can tell it was made well. This phone has everything and WAY more that the iPhone 4S, excluding Siri which I hear something similar is being developed for Droid users already. I switched from Apple for this phone and I can tell you it was more than worth it.

This razr phone is replacing a 2 year old Droid. I was holding out for the Nexus phone but after all the delays I just couldn't wait anymore. Great screen, lightweight and super fast. I have no complaints. Battery life is what it is.  Lasts longer than my Droid but if your a heavy user like me you will be charging it. I am very happy i bought this phone.

I don't understand how this product can be rated higher than 1 star (only because you cant rate it zero).  I know this phone is fast but...  this phone has the poorest battery life of all the phones I have had - I can't get more than about 6 or 7 hours before I have to recharge.  The Blackberry and Iphone I have had in the past (and will run back to when my conrtact is up) all had better battery life by hours!Worst of all, this "smart phone" is not smart at all - after syncing for 7 months Motorola decided to discontinue supporting syncing software and now my phone wont sync anything but my email (no calendar, contacts etc).  I wouldn't believe thye would have a product that would not sync a phone to a desktop - this is 2013 for goodness sake.  After 8+ hours with Verizon/Motorola techs, I am told my phone will no longer sync to my outlook calendar etc but they will be happy to help me sync to a Google email/calendar etc.(can someone say hijacked).Verizon and Motorola; two companies I would not recommend.

I purchased this phone from Verizon on December 30th and in 2 days the "Gorilla Glass" was cracked.  I didnt drop it, sit on it, squeeze it, or do anything to it to cause the damage.  I was told by Verizon that they could not help me cause it is physical damage.  I then contacted Motorola who told me to mail it in to them because it had "defective glass" and they would repair it.  I only had the phone in my possession for 4 days.  I mailed it to them on Jan 4th.  On Jan 12th they told me that they would not cover it under defective glass and that I would have to pay an additional $102 to get it repaired.  I paid the $102 on Jan 13th.  As of todays date Jan 24th I still do not have my phone.  I have called Motorolla Every day for the past week to find out the status of the phone and been told that they will look into it and get back to me.  I was also told that the phone was repaired last week but that they have a new system so the computer has not generated a ticket to mail it back to me yet.  It has been sitting on the shelf for a week (already repaired).  I have written to Motorolla's corporate office and sent several E-mails.  The only responses I get are "thank you for your input.  Sorry for the inconvenience.  We will look into this and get back to you within the next 24-48 hours."  Knowone has called me to tell me anything.  If you want my honest opinion, DONT BUY THIS PHONE.  Its a really cool phone but when you have problems with it you will have to go thru what I just went thru.

I had a Samsung Epic from Sprint, I have switched to Verizon. This phone is way faster, thinner and has a longer battery life (you need to adjust the settings.) Screen is nice a big yet not overly big. Its processing is super fast (part of this is also Verizon's network and coverage) Color and screen is nice and bright. Use a lot for work and it has helped me be more productive on the road. Highly recommend this phone, got it during the penny pincher sale for $.01 It was practically free. Highly recommend.

I got this phone because it was cheap and still looked very sleek and professional. Not only does this phone work incredibly well for all of the things I need, but it is also a tank. I am the most clumsy person alive. I have dropped this phone in the street and it was run over by a car. It was dropped out of a third story window. It was dropped on hard surfaces multiple times. I have stepped on it, kicked it, and tossed it multiple times. It still looks new. I do have it in a case that I got for free when purchasing the phone in the store. It is a fairly simple case but this phone is actually a tank. It is so much stronger than an iPhone and so much cheaper. I have broken multiple iPhones, but this phone has lasted me quite a while and still looks brand new. I would definitely recommend this phone to my friends. The screen is huge, it picks up wifi really well, it is extremely strong, and the clarity is awesome. Plus when you lock it, the screen does a cool closing that look like a tv which is a plus.

It would seem obvious that any cell phone is only as good as the overall support the company provides. Technical specs are one thing, customer experience is quite another. The same people who rave about a phone 1 week after it arrives are complaining a month later. Gripes with Verizon's upgrade policy is an ongoing issue.Verizon has a bigger problem than just the phones it offers. It is dumb to offer special deals to lure new customers, money is better spent making your existing customers your best sales force. Verizon could learn from the Airlines which have tried these gimmicks for 25 years and consistently go broke. Never take your customers for granted or you will lose two for every new one.I thought about getting the RAZR as a compromise because Verizon in it's wisdom doesn't carry the Galaxy S2 which I waited months for but like department stores their buyers aren't always with it.But much to their credit, unlike other carriers, they've invested more of their capital on American cell connectivity instead of in Europe, Asia, and the rest of the world and they have the best connectivity by far in rural areas.The lack of battery replacement will not work for me. Do I need that every day?  No. However I WANT to be able to carry a spare in wilderness areas and remote worksites, so I'll wait. Maybe they knew about the new Galaxy LTE and Nexus.???

I read the expert reviews for this phone and this seems to be a very good smart phone with new features,  111.11 is a hot price for 4G LTE device, I am in for one....

So Verizon expects me to pay a $60.00 penalty as a returning customer ($230) rather than giving me the price a new customer jumping from another carrier would pay ($170)?  Good luck with that.  My wife and I have been off contract for a few years, looks like it'll stay that way or just go Wifi (the car is about the only place we don't have access to wifi and looks like the feds are going to clamp down on any cell phone use in a moving vehicle anyway.)

I have been waiting for this phone for quite a while and have spanned the internet looking for reviews on this thing before i bought it. I have had this phone from 11/11/11 and since launch time.Here are some key things i will review to help you make your decision (hopefully)Let me first tell you WHY i got the droid razr. A midst the launch of many great cell phones i chose the droid razr because of a few reasons. First let me tell you i talk on the phone about 700 minutes a month, majority of my phone calls are to my family and taking care of business. The remainder i spend my time surfing the web, doing HW, downloading things etc. This means that i will be looking at this phone from both a productivity and multimedia standpoint. I am never home because i am always at school with projects involved in research etc. Thus whatever time i get to connect with family, i use this phone to do it, i have a newborn baby at home so i don't get to spend as much time with her as i wish, this phones front facing 1.3 MP camera does a fantastic job relaying my photo over, although i wish it had a wider mm lense, so it could produce a bit of a wider picture, same goes for the rear facing camera.The 4g connectivity is what sets this phone apart from everything else, its fantastic, and especially if you're grandfathered in (as i am) to unlimited, the possibilities are quite endless. With that being said i will break down my reviewPhone- As in voice calling, call qualityCall quality through the earpiece has been phenomenal, i have been very amazing how clear the phone calls have been and how well i can hear them.As you make phone calls, the favorites starts putting contacts in this bar as you call your favorite people since those become your most frequently contacted within your favorites- Very intuitive feature, i really like it.Speakerphone quality is not the best, i would give the best sounding speakerphone to the iPhone, it's very good in terms of producing natural sounding conversation, the Razr, not so much, at the highest volume you will notice crackling, though keep in mind we are talking about a phone call, not music playback.- ProductivityI find the functionality of being able to pull up my research documents and homework assignments very quickly through the network and the phone. The phone handles pdf, doc, etc files very well, i have noticed no lag.In addition, i love how i can edit a file on the phone itself, email it to whoever i want, OR upload it to my boxnet account and make it available to all of my colleagues through a link; i never have to touch a laptop.-Web ExperienceHere i have to add, i don't know why the heck Motorola decided to put in 2 steps in order to be able to bookmark a page, its stupid, i should be able to click add and ok. Not click bookmark, which takes me to another page, then click add, then name it then ok. That i think is a burden.Websites load fantastic, there aren't any websites that have slowed this phone down, and I am very satisfied. Flash is not quite completely obsolete yet, and quite a few sites, important sites, utilize flash. Although i will agree with Steve jobs that flash is a piece of power hogging uselessness.-MusicPhones does a great job with music, and when you lock the screen you can see what's playing, touch it, and it will allow you to stop, skip to the next track and skip back.The speakerphone quality here is descent, not the best but descent, i watch a lot of Netflix and it gets the job done, nothing i would return the phone over with.Battery life-If you video chat on 4g, your batter will die in 30 minutes, from 100%-0%. It is not necessary to carry a portable charger, for the average user, (i am a Super power user) a day's worth of batter is something this phone can provide and more.-ScreenThe screen maybe pentile, but the only time it makes a difference is when your typing, the boxes around the letters just don't look right. I just love the display though. I know the HTC Rezound is coming out, but I used to have an EVO and the phone just started having issues after 1 year.-BrandOk, Motorola, I used to work there, and by no means do I have a bias towards Motorola, infact quite the opposite can be said. However, Google bought Motorola mobility, and the thing is, in the future, moto and Google will be quite close, that to me puts everything at an advantage vs. the Samsung brand. I've always had a gripe about Samsung phones feeling too cheap, they just feel cheap.-SpeedThe phone is very zippy, only lag is Moto cast. There are absolutely no complaints in zippiness of the phone.Quality and feel-I don't notice in my pocket, and I love that. By no means does it feel cheap.It is very wide so I have a bit smaller hands and had a hard time holding it, so I got a grippy silicone case and it has been great ever since.-CameraThe camera is pretty damn good, I don't think its bad at all, it certainly is a step up from the bionic. I have found increasing exposure in all my pics gives me better results.Overall-I love this phone, and wouldn't trade it for the resound or the nexus galaxy. I think it does what it does really well. If you're considering it and you're just like I in use of the phone then this phone will suit you really well, I really like the thinness, the feel of the phone. Nano coating water repellant technology is great and removable batteries are of the past. It's time to carry back up batteries, no long spare batteries in our wallets.I will update my review as time goes on.*********UPDATE AS OF 11.25.2011******************So far the phone has been really well behaved, no issues. Although i did have it crash because i went app crazy and one of the apps did harm the phone, no worries, reinstalled and am more careful about what i download.If you have been getting the stupid spam notifications, for me it was the mp3 downloader app. Its been spamming me left and right.- Battery Life note:Its been 7 days of my 4g test, and i have gotten through the entire day with 4g on, my day starts at 10am- and ends at about 11pm and ive gotten through the entire day with moderate use with 20% battery life remaining. I will say, that this phone has been very reliable and i havent found the need to carry around a charger or an actual backup battery. I WILL SAY it is really good to utilize this app called "Notification Toggle" and you can use it to quickly turn on and off bluetooth, wifi, 4g etc. i use this when i know i will be having a heavy usage day.Screen-Really, pentile is not bad here, yea the HTC rezound screen is phenomenal and great and all, but remember what i said, Google and motorola are going to be the next big thing, have patience and fun little update packages will come to us Razr holders sooner than other phones.I really love the color saturation as well.Software-HUGE HUGE HUGE POINT remember when i said my phone kept crashing? Well guess what it was, i was using task killers (not the one installed on the phone). When i stopped using task killers and uninstalled them entirely, i dont know why my battery life became prolonged, my phone didnt crash (when i had the task killers installed, the screen would randomly become unreponsive or something irritating like that) so when i factory reset it, i did not install ANY task killers and i have to say i have had a very pleasant experience since then. i have been using the onboard task killer and that does plenty.I also have lookout mobile security installed, i always want to protect myself from phishing etc.Music-Really wish it had a stronger speaker. that is all. Other than that i really like the interface.freedom-I dont know why, but i have found the motorola is just more customizable than the HTC line, i bought my wife a thunderbolt and i just returned it and ordered the penny deal Razr 4g. We now own 2 razrs. I just feel they do a better job than the thunderbolt.Video Chat-I have found that the 1.3 MP HD Front facing camera on the razr is phenomenal in comparison to the front facing camera with the thunderbolt. I had my wife move the phone at a very fast pace with her thunderbolt and it did a REALLY BAD JOB with the FPS( it was very laggy like a crappy quality camera). The Razr on the other hand captured it all, and in addition it was brighter. Believe me i am NOT a motorola fanboy, so i was quite impressed with this. Remember i said video chatting was important to me.Call Quality-No Changes, still happy here.Flash-I was really impressed the other day, when i did my Flash/Java based homework (which is VERY VERY VERY CPU Consuming) on my razr. Since this was very resource intensive, it had a slight bit of lag, but nothing that irritated me. I was incredibly impressed that even this program ran, and i was able to finish the homework before the deadline. I will say, it is WISE to invest in a bluetooth mouse and bluetooth keyboard for this phone. The possibilities are quite endless.I have uped my stars from a 4 star to a 5, for all the good this phone does, the bad is quite miniscule. I am very impressed.

We purchased the Droid Razr and the HTC Rezound at the same time.  So far I like the Razr a lot!  It's super thin, love the kevlar back, and I feel better knowing it has Gorilla Glass.  The phone is super fast loading web pages, like using a desktop computer.  The screen is a thing of beauty.  And although it is loaded with the typical crapware, the Smart Actions app is incredible!  For example, it knows if it's after 9pm, I am at home and it's being charged, that I am probably asleep and it should set the phone to silent.  Very cool!  Exchange sync works quite well; very nice to get HTML emails and tasks from the Exchange 2003 server I sync to.As far as any negatives, the phone is pretty big.  I carry my phone when working out and it's quite a stretch to stuff the phone in my arm band case.  And the locked bootloader means it's not as likely we will see a lot of hacked ROM's, etc.  The battery is not user replaceable.  In the end, however, the fantastic design of the phone overcomes all these shortcomings.I am a geek, I was considering waiting for the Galaxy Nexus but I am glad I got the Razr; I don't regret it a bit.  And the Rezound is a fine phone as well, but I have to say, seeing them side by side I'd have to give the nod to the Razr.

This new phone is totally awesome in every single way....why?...extremely powerful, colorful and portable!For sure this is not a one hand phone to handle. This phone is to be use with both hands and handle it well.If you guys are single hand only, like our previous reviewer "jose" this is not the phone for you. Go get at Amazon the Blackberry Pearl that is for one hand only.Portable... remember the old brick huge phones of the past? well now this phone could get you in touch of your people in not time this is a 4G phone!

I have had this for a year and will never buy Motorola again!!!! It amazes me how it can run fine one day and be completely useless the next. When I say useless I mean you can not use period if you wanted to. As an example I was off work today and when I got up I disconnected from charger and had sitting beside me while reading newspaper. All of a sudden it started rebooting and would not stop until the battery was dead. I couldn't even get to finish a restart cycle before it restarted again. Finally it died, dead battery. I left it like that for a while. I plugged it in before I started getting ready for bed and it started rebooting again. I swear if I had $700 laying around for a new phone I would throw this Pile of censored foul language against a brick wall and then take a hammer to it until it was dust. I HATE HATE HATE HATE this phone so freaking BAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WORST PHONE IN HISTORY OF PHONES!!!!!!!

Based on all of the off-topic reviews you should have to take an intelligence test to write a review (or perhaps even to buy this phone. Clearly the phone deserves no less than a 4 star rating. Do your homework, it is one of the best phones this year. Those that are reviewing Verizon or the price of the phone don't seem to understand the point of a review. And if you can't understand how to use the phone perhaps you should not be purchasing a 'smart'phone.My Razr has dropped a couple of times without breaking however, there are enough credible reports of screens breaking to make it something to consider before making a purchasing decision. But note; Gorilla glass is not advertised as being unbreakable, it is supposed to resist scratches. I have had no problems with the phone except for Skype drains a fully charged battery in 20 to 40 minutes. Otherwise the battery life is better than any phone I have owned.The positive reviews here (both 4 and 5 stars) are mostly accurate. The Razr has great software and hardware features.  The camera is much better than any other droid I have owned. Call quality is great, music sounds good, video playback is excellent.  The screen could be a bit higher resolution, but it is still beautiful.I also purchased the HD dock, mostly for charging. While a bit over priced, it works well.off topic: I have been using my android tablet a lot less since the phone arrived.Most of the negative reviews obviously have nothing to do with the phone. Yes Verizon is a pig but they have the best network in the country.

I have no interest in the phone, but I am rating it 5 stars to offset the idiots who want to whine about Verizon/Amazon. It's a great device, that's what the reviews are for, not to rant about your service.

Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)The new Motorola Droid RAZR phone is a wonderful phone.  It is slim, strong and performs amazingly !  I have many friends that have IPHONES and they say they think the Droid RAZR is a better phone for now.  It is 4G, sports a beautiful display and has at least 10 hours of battery life.  I talked on it three hours the other day and the battery indicator did not even move off of full.  It has the smart actions features which saves battery life.  The speed of the phone with streaming video is the best I have ever seen.  Volume control and power buttons are nicely located.  This is Motorola's best phone ever. I am happy with ever aspect of it after owning for three weeks.

Had the phone less than 2weeks when it died. Verizon replaced my brand new phone with a REFURBISHED phone. It has been less than a year and now the sound only works intermittently. I pay for unlimited internet service but the phone disconnects me with a message that I have ""reached my data usage limit" at least  several times a week and sometimes a couple of times a day.

I just want to simply state now that I have owned the phone for about a week, I am finally understanding better how it works and why people complain about battery life. When you get the phone it has most apps running for you -to impress, but that really drains battery life. Once I figured out how to remove the generic apps that I will "never use" (note: some you can only hide), I then set the battery saver mode to automatically turn things off in certain situations like the GPS, it is a real battery killer when you don't have it plugged into your car charger. I then downloaded the free app "AP2SD" and moved as many programs and apps to the SD card to free up the phone's operating system as much as possible. This phone is really fast for most things the average person needs to use it for on a daily basis. The only thing that I would say could use a little work is the camera. -But since I bought it for a penny on Thanksgiving Day, I really can't complain about anything!

I normally do not give reviews:  positive or negative.  However, if you're a person that uses your phone and PAY for the use of the phone as a mobile hotspot, then you will most likely not like this phone until an update is released.  All over the Internet are posts about how wireless devices (such as a laptop or a tablet) connecting to the RAZR are not able to browse many websites when connected wirelessly to the mobile hotspot.  However, USB tethering does allow you to browse websites just fine.  I'm okay with glitches as long as they're corrected in a reasonable time.  But, this issue is not slated to be resolved until mid-February.  That is ridiculous!  Furthermore, the wireless signal that the RAZR produces is very weak.  Whereas, with my Motorola Atrix I can get signal in a nearby room using the Mobile Hotspot, with the RAZR you should expect continuously weak signal strength at this type of distance resulting in both frequent disconnects and slow pages.On the other hand, I do like the rest of the phone.  It has a large screen and is very light.  The battery seems to also do very well.  Ultimately, however, I cannot recommend this phone due to Motorola's snail-paced fix to an issue that should be handled more expediently.  In this case, a very expensive data plan that you cannot fully utilize.

this is the nicest smart phone i have owned from any manufacturer  it functions flawlessly is the perfect size and the 4g with the dual core prossesor makes this thing faster than a speeding bullet no flaws just wish it had a removeable batter

Poor calling quality, poor sound, drops data, turns off on its own, over 1 minute to power on, camera is terrible when not in sun, and the battery is absolutely horrendous.The only thing thats good is the video.

This was the first smart phone I've purchased and man am I angry. I had a choice between this and an Iphone, wish I would have gotten the Iphone. This is the worst phone I've ever owned. The battery life is terrible, I cant even make a semi-long phone call in the middle of the day without it dying before I even get home. The vibration only decides to work when it feels like it. The screen also has a mind of its own and works correctly when it wants to. It will literally take the chrome app so long to open that the screen will shut off if you don't keep moving your finger and even then it will take another 10 minutes for the keyboard to come up and by the time everything loads you forget what you wanted to do! It comes pre-installed with ridiculous apps that use data and don't let you uninstall. Nothing about this phone is simple. Oh you want to add music? first you need to install a Motocast app, then you need to browse 1000 folders to find the music folder and then finally maybe you can add music. Oh wait theres also multiple music apps that come preinstalled lets check them all to see which one is better. seriously? I still have yet to find a way to put pictures onto my computer because the only folder i see is screenshots.The only good thing i can say about this phone is that I like the panoramic pictures it takes. I can't say it has any other redeemable features.Don't waste your money on this horrible product.

Very good phone u can do anything u want with this better then iphone cuz flash is installed ..... but the battery life is really bad u watch 15 mins video abd frm 100% it will go down to 30% abd after that less then 15% in nxt 1min .... i do have iphone and i can watch 2 mo ies nonstop frm utube 3hrs video and battery still stay for long ..... in short returning this master peice by MOTOrola

This is my first touchscreen smartphone after Palm Treo 680. This is the best 4G-LTE Phone in Verizon wireless network. I been getting 4G LTE connection at my workplace, which is a basement of a huge building, where the wireless connectivity used to be spotty.I will be giving it 4.5 stars, because of the lack of good user guide, getting started or how to customize it. Its taking some time to get used to it and find any online guide how to use it. So I am creating a Android Fan club called "AndroidSouk.com" with Google site. Please join me to read and post your comments or share any useful tips and tweaks to use this phone.================I missed the 11/11/11 deal and I been hoping to get something but this is a great holiday surprise from Amazonwireless and Verizon. I never dream of getting this phone for a penny. And I immediately ordered and just waiting to get this phone. Its my second Razr after Razr V3, yes still I am using it as a backup phone and I believe I will be using this one as well as that long!

Just got the droid razr.  The phone works great.But I would not recommend this phone.The Gorilla glass broke on this phone after a drop of 20 inches on to a floor.  Despite having Gorilla glass and kevlar case, this phone does not appear to be that durable.

I will start off with the good. The phone is very fast on the 4G network and the display is very clear and vibrant. The phone is wide but I don't mind it because it is so thin it still easily fits in my front pocket.Now for the bad. The battery is by far the worst and I have done everything suggested to make it last longer. My phone barely makes it through a 10 hour shift and forget about a 12 hour shift. When the phone does die I have a difficult time trying to power it back on. It takes at least 10 minutes of pushing the power button before my phone powers on. I have owned the phone since Christmas and I have had to reset the phone no less than 5 times. I personally would recommend another phone. I wish I would have gotten the Nexus.

I have had this phone for weeks now.  I picked it up on the release date. Partially because I got caught up in the hype partially because I had been using a 3 year old Blackberry for 8 weeks and I could not take another day. The phone performs well. As far as Android Phones go they all are pretty good now-a-days. I can understand people downgrading this phone because of it's battery life, but there aren't many touchscreen smart phones out there that last for days. (Including the iPhone) All of my iPhone using friends carry their chargers in their pocket or handbag because they can not truly use their phone and take advantage of all of it's features and have tons of battery life to spare before the day is up. I use the PowerGen 2900Mah backup battery to recharge my phone on the go. I now prefer this method of recharging over being tethered to a wall or a cigarette lighter. I can fit the phone and the PowerGen in my pants pocket and they take up less room & weigh less than my old keyboard Droid & Droid2 phones.PowerGen Black Mobile Juice Pack / External Battery Pack 2900mAh UltraSlim Power Bank Charger (with Build in Micro USB) for HTC Sensation 4G XE XL, EVO 3D, ThunderBolt, Inspire 4G, Sprint EVO, EVO Shift, Rezound / Motorola Arix, Triumph, Droid X 3 2 Bio...The phone is fast, 4G is great, even though they are still working out kinks and it is a wonderful device. I really like the HDMI port on the phone.  I can easily put my good looking videos taken with the phone on the TV with little effort. I picked up a HDMI cord from Amazon for around $3.99 and I recently used it to watch 0.99 rentals on a Hotel TV. (Beats the $7 movies offered there.)I can't wait until the phone gets the ICS update.I was saving an upgrade on my account to get the discounted price on the Nexus PRIME, but after touching the PRIME the Razr feels even more like a work of art. Metal & Kevlar Vs. Plastic, give me the metal frame with Gorilla Glass please.  Plus I have the above mentioned HDMI port and the ability to add or swap microSD cards. I didn't feel the need to upgrade as soon as possible with the original droid, hopefully this phone will give me the same great service.P.S. I dropped the phone today on concrete.  It fared well.  I only have a small chip in the paint along the metal frame.  Once I wiped the white concrete dust off of the scratch it is barely noticeable.

I waited a few weeks to know the Droid Razr well before I write my review and OMG i can't believe some people are bashing this phone. I bet you some of them are saying "What's OMG"?? Well maybe if you don't know, this review is not for you and neither is the Razr. My review will come more to the defense of the Razr as opposed to listing features and pros that Motorola explains better. I believe one should slam a product for defects and faults, not because they don't suit our purpose. I have test driven fancy expensive cars everybody who didn't test drove them raved about and I absolutely hated driving them, not because they were not good cars but simply because they were not for me and I just didn't feel comfortable in them. Me, not the car but me...Some people bash the Razr for petty things like the size while overlooking the tremendous technical features this phone has. Those features are the purpose of the phone and what you should want this phone in the first place. Forget an amazingly fast dual core processor, 1 Ghz Ram, HDMI, removal SD card upgradeable to 32GB, huge internal memory etc which by the way this phone is the only one at this time that gathers all those goodies in one unit. Even the upcoming Galaxy Nexus won't have HDMI or expandable memory. Rent about stuff you never do like opening your phone to enjoy looking at your battery or the fact that you dropped your phone in the toilet and it didn't survive etc.First the size: If you have cute small hands, maybe someone wants to hold them but why in the world would you want a big smart phone. You know the dimensions already before you buy it and should have known this phone is not for you. If you are a medium size person and find a pair of pants that's XXL (That's "extra extra large"), you don't buy them, you look for something your size, you don't blame the pants. Right? For goodness sake this phone is thiiin and not that much larger from side to side than most 4.3" screens out there. The fact that there's no big bulge on my belt is great.The battery: If you are looking for a smart phone that can work like the Energizer bunny and keeps going and going, well guess what? It doesn't exist. The technology is just not there yet but i can tell you the Razr has one of the best batteries out there. There is something called battery management. You check what app is on that you don't use. You don't do things like leaving your GPS on while you're playing monopoly or barbequeing and stuff. If your screen is super bright all the time or you have your phone set to go to sleep every 5 minutes, that's bad. If you are logged into facebook and receive updates every minute, what do you think allows this? The battery! I use the heck out of my phone and the battery lasts all day. At night before i go to bed i just plug it in and have sweet dreams while my phone is being charged for the next day. If you use features like Smart Action (I can see some scratching their heads saying "what's that"?) it's a life and battery saver.The fact that you can't access the battery is resolved by the fact that you can reset your phone which is like removing your battery (Check you manual). If you wanted the thinnest phone but are crying because you can't remove the battery well guess what? You can't have it all. Get a thick phone where you can remove the battery!I'm not even going to mention the other gnarly reasons why some people give this phone bad ratings such as, I received my phone late or out of 1 million phones made, mine had a defect and i had to replace it. Or I don't have 4G in my area. That's not rating the phone, that's rating your luck...I'm sure thousands others feel the same way i do except those overseas who are crying because they will never get this phone.This lady may not be for you, it doesn't mean she's ugly, just keep looking. Style is a matter of taste, but i dare anyone to show me a phone at this time that measures up to the Razr feature wise. There is none!

Be warned -- anyone who took the $0.01 phone deal.I've actually opened a ticket specifically with Verizon wireless as well, however, Amazon should be aware of the situation in case there are further complaints.  A glitch on Verizon's web site listed 2G service doubled to 4G service at $20/month in error on at least Wed, 11/23/11 and Thu, 11/24/11.  They've since rectified the site, however, they are also giving me much grief about honoring the original quote because of a "system glitch."  They are trying to charge me an additional $10/month.  They are doing some internal investigation, however, there could be complaints from others who purchased that package in that time frame.  They have actually offered to release me from the early termination fee, and I am considering going back to AT&T; because of a lack of satisfaction with Verizon's customer service.I also only have proof of their error because I actually "saved a cart" on their own site that sent me an e-mail confirmation the day before purchasing the phone and package from Amazon for a better deal on the phone.  Otherwise, I would have no proof.  I forwarded them my quote in writing, and I am still having problems.Also, anyone who is used to an iPhone -- the Droid is pretty cool, but the new system takes some maneuvering compared to the ease of the iPhone.

The screen has highly visible dark blotches all over the place that are very apparent in low light/ dark rooms.  It affects any view of the phone where the background is black on the display.  Motorola claims that this is an "aspect' of their phone that is part of their (cheap/effort to save money) manufacturing process and that it does not affect "general use".... so they have left it at that and just want their customers to "deal with it"I would not get this phone just based on Motorola's handling of this issue.  It is very unprofessional and quite ridiculous to claim that a major defect only apparent in dark light should be looked over and not considered an issue.I will return mine as soon as possible, and will not deal with Motorola because of how they have brushed off this really quite major concern about their display defect.

Great phone if you want charge it all the time. This has the worse battery of any device I have ever owned! IPhone 4 battery lasted a day and a half under similar use, this battery won't last for 60 min use and 6 hours standby time! Junk don't buy this phone!!I have tried some of the bandages they suggest, turning your screen brightness downtown sacrifice image quality and using smart actions to kill data when screen is off...this stuff helps a little but I never had to bandage my iPhone 4 like this...and don't think i should have to with this phone either!However the screen size is so nice...just have to keep it turned down...downloads are amazingly fast...but better not run an app or it will kill your battery! LolKeyboard sucks compared to iPhone 4 also...maybe it will be better when ics comes out!As of right now...its not ready for prime time! Wish I would have.known it was coming out. I would have gotten the razr Max.....amazon wireless was easy to work with but next time I would spend.more and go to Verizon so I could have just taken the phone back!Just got a software update and battery life seem twice as good! So raised the review up!

Made the decision to drop ATT/Iphone.  Verizon rep said our area (house) was within strong area for 4G service (that barren uninhabited city of Santa Barbara no one has heard of that has 6 million annual visitors as well).  We are getting 3G signal with 2 bars, and you cannot hear a word and get dropped.  Now, that would normally be a Verizon complaint, not a RAZR issue, but 2 hours on the phone with Verizon network technical support said he is being overwhelmed with calls from Verizon customers who say their RAZR is not getting the signal they got before upgrading.  So, that starts to suggest the phone may have an antenna/signal issue.The battery life, like the new Iphone 4S, is a joke.  Seriously...we now have to carry our charger everywhere? I unplug at 7:30 am and by 3, with maybe 30 minutes of talk time and checking email about every half hour, and its dead.  Use it for web functions and you are dead by noon.  These manufacturers need to either stop cramming so much into the phone that we need to make them AC powered or get the power use issue handled.  Id gladly take an extra 1.5mm of thickness for an honest to goodness long talk/use time.The Iphone text is easier to read.  I look forward to seeing how the Ice Cream sandwich OS stacks up.

My son dropped his phone about 2 feet on to the floor of our ski boat and the glass shattered. It is definitely not as strong as they make it out to be. We got it repaired by motorola and it costs $137, which was less than replacing the phone.

Sounds like a really good Phone, but can't uderstand why as a loyal LONG TERM customer (15+ for verizon---10+ Amazon) I have to pay more than a new customer.

This unit oozes quality- the screen is brilliant-just watch HD video from Netflix and you'll understand why I say this. Fast- no lags, smart actions, motocast, 4g. So dang thin. Other than the forthcoming Nexus there really isn't a competitor out there, including the Rezound. Nuff said.

I had a Droid 2 for about two years and was ready to upgrade.  My battery last about a day and a half.  I don't do any texting, just use the phone for calls, brouse, and play with pictures. I should add that I live in never-never signal land and don't get 4g.  Went to the city last week and was amazed to watch movies (Netflix) while sitting in a parking lot on 4g.  I was able to get Motocast up and running (to my surprise).  It is really neat to access my home computer.  For me it is a awesome phone and I can't imagine that in a few months it will be old news (out of date).

To anyone getting a Motorola Droid RAZR (just the plain one, not the M or MAXX), don't. The one I have (less than a month old) already consumes a full battery charge (with wifi off, sync off, and strictest battery saving plans) in less than 24 hours. Additionally, half the apps I have tried to install won't run, and the facebook app only works half the time (with full Wifi bars). My wife's iPhone 4 doesn't have any problems. I'll be talking to Verizon to see if I can swap to something else.Below is an email I sent to Motorola regarding the performance with my Droid RAZR.  I felt it fitting the email should be placed here for informational purposes others.Dear Sir/Ma'am:I was told to send a private message regarding the *very* poor performance of my Motorola Droid RAZR smartphone.  In case previous information was not relayed the battery on my smartphone is discharging at a very high rate (full battery loss in less than one day).  I have consulted the Droid RAZR support site [...] regarding actions I can take to conserve power.  I currently have all GPS, wifi, and bluetooth settings disabled.  Also, I have set the screen to blank and phone to lock after 1 minute of inactivity.  My only email account other than GMAIL is currently set to never sync.  Since January 31, 2013 (the day I got my phone) until today (14 Feb 13) I have used 213mb of data, far below my plan limit of 2GB per month.  Included below is my usage:google play store 96.44 mbFacebook 51.91mbAndroid OS 26.62mbBrowser 15.60mbMy Gallery 14.30mbMaps 6.62mbGoogle Play Books 5.14mbRemoved apps 3.54mbApps 2.53mbCurrently the battery history shows:Screen 35%Phone idle 21%Android OS 17%Voice Calls 15%Cell Standby 11%Google Services 3%Android System 2%That total 104% battery use, which makes me question the fundamental math that is involved with this device.  It also tells me that for a phone used to make voice calls, over 75% of the power is consumed when I am not even using it to make calls.  In addition to the battery life being short, several apps (notably Angry Birds and Angry Birds Star Wars) are unable to be ran successfully.  They install, and boot up, but then just cycle through loading screen until I back out of the app.  For the above reasons, I am highly discouraged from owning or recommending to other the use of the Droid RAZR.  Hopefully I will be able to exchange my Motorola for a different model.  I look forward to hearing feedback and recommendations.  Thank you.

Let me start off with saying that I put off purchasing a new smart phone for quite some time.  I'ved owned and used Blackberry Curves and iphones and wanted to do my research on phones before purchasing a new one(since the largest discounts come with signing 2 year renewal agreements or new contracts).  I knew that I probably wanted an Android phone and had difficulty in deciding between the DROID RAZR, Iphone 4s, HTC Rezound(Not out at the time), or waiting on the Samsung Galaxy Nexus(Also not out at the time).NEGATIVES - Or are they?So far I have not been disappointed by this phone in any possible category!  My first couple of pictures left a litle to be desired, but I noticed that I was in really strange lighting situations in my home.  For that I would deduct half of a star because the other phones compared are supposed to have even better perfoming cameras(although the nexus is only spec'd out as having a 5 MP rear camera).  All pictures that I have taken since then(at restaurants, club/bar scenes, and work) have been at a quality that is better than expected.  The only other concern I had  was that this phone has a SAR of 1.45 which is a bit higher than the Iphone, Rezound, and Samsung Galaxy Nexus as posted online as of 11/10/2011.  I've read many reports about SAR ratings, the increase in use of cellular devices of the past 10 years, and brain cancer.  My readings have me convinced that there is no evidence  linking cellular device use to brain cancer due to the fact that there has NOT been an increase in brain cancer patients over the past 10 years.  The speaker phone could be a tiny bit louder, but it is adaquate at its highest level.  Turning the phone volume up to its highest level with the speaker phone on produces a slight crackle here and there(hardly noticeable), but this can be solved by tapping the volume bar one notch down.POSITIVESThe phone size is probably one of the biggest pros that i am really enjoying.  Most people have their phones in a protective case which causes the phone to bulk up quite a bit.  I purchased the otterbox commuter and the added size puts this phone at the perfect size for talking and carrying around in my pocket.  The rezound, nexus, and iphone are all thicker, thus would be much bulkier once a case is applied.  I've seen reviews posted saying that this phone is a little on the slow side but they must be fake, because i have not had a single hiccup in speed since using the Droid Razr.  Call clarity has been stunning for me so far!  I have never had a cell phone that I have been able to hear out of so clearly.  The speaker phone is really clear as well.  I puchased this phone on 11/11/11 at a price of $111.11 on Amazon.com by signing a new 2 year contract with Verizon.  Verizon had recently started a promotional offer to double data therefore i was upgraded from 2 GB to 4 GB of data a month for 30 bucks.  Since switching from AT&T; to Verizon, I have not had any dropped calls which I did experience on occasion with AT&T.;  Even if the phone would not have been at a low price of $111.111 I would have purchased it without regrets.My actual rating for the phone itself would be 4.25-4.5.The fact that I feel like I got the best deal of the 2011 Holiday Season pushes the rating to 5 stars.(Note that I do not know what the price of the Galaxy Nexus will be or the price of any of these phones during the Thanksgiving holidays and Black Friday for that matter, but from looking at the online Black Friday ads(blackfridayinfo.com)..there are not any better deals.

I have had this phone for two years. It's still working although for the last 4 months, it has gotten extremely slow. Battery life is not the best, but I use it at work for my music (stored on a micro sd card) and just keep it plugged in all day.  All in all, I have been very pleased with the phone quality in that it has lasted so long with no problems other than the fairly recent issue of slowness. The call quality is good, speaker could be a bit louder and is on the back of the phone but I usually use my ear buds. Rarely freezes. Has never shut down on me. Rarely drops calls. Screen is durable - only a few minor scratches after all this time. I have never had a protective case on it. I love the back of the phone...non-slip. My contract is up and with all the negative reviews of phones out there, I'm hesitant to switch even with the slowness. My husband mentioned it to the Verizon store and they said it was the sim card but I haven't checked it out yet.On the other hand, my husband had the identical phone. He had issues practically from the start with the charge port. Also, he would only get 3g when I was getting 4g. Don't know what that's about. He also managed to crack the screen, but he keeps it in his front jeans pocket and is constantly squatting down and back up again on the job. I suspect he just stressed it too much but it lasted 1 1/2 years before that happened.

Sometimes when I'm reading reviews about the Droid Razr I wonder if there are two different phones out there by the same name.  I love the darn thing.No phone is perfect for all people, and thankfully there are a lot of great options out there for consumers to choose from.  Having said that, I got Razr's for my wife and myself, and my coworker has one and we are all very happy with them.I've heard complaints about the screen, looks great to me.  The colors may be a bit over-saturated but I'm not studying the darn pixels, I'm browsing the web or watching a youtube vid or using tweetdeck or - heaven forbid - making a call!  Screen looks great as far as I'm concerned.This phone is FAST.  It's fast at everything.  Seriously.  Sometimes it feels like the phone is reading my mind.  Navigation, email, calendar, voicemail, web, everything is just lickety-split.  The hardware and the LTE network combine for a great experience.I love the profile.  The phone looks sleek and modern, yet feels durable.  Even in my Otterbox case it still feels slim.Battery life has been great.  I set up Smart Actions for shutting services down at night, etc. and I'm getting a full 24 hours on one charge for an average day - maybe 10-12 hours under heavy usage.  Full charge in the morning gets me through the day.  Yeah, I can't take the batter out, but I've never done that with a phone so it doesn't bother me a bit.I guess people have gotten to a point where they are really interested in scrutinizing every little thing about today's smartphones, and that's fine.  Bottom line to me though this is right up there with the best smartphones on the market.

This is a great phone for the price.  You get the functionality of Android paired with absolutely amazing hardware design.  Its by far the best looking phone out there, not to mention the thinnest available in the US.  It has a great OLED display which gives a contrast ratio much higher then any other phone on the market.  Only downside is the battery life when using 4G LTE.  Otherwise its a great phone!

I got my Verizon Razr when they first came out and have been using it for a bit more than a month now.My previous phone was the Droid.I have to say, the size and weight of the phone is fantastic. The Gorilla Glass works as advertised.However, you pay a big price for that size/weight convenience. The battery life SUCKS, unless all you need to do is basic phone and texting. If you need a device with long battery life, stay away from the Razr.When I play Words With Friends, the battery will die in about 2 hours, same if I use the Navigation app.Also, Verizon is having problems with their 4G service.  About once a week I get a message on my phone saying that the SIM card has not been validated and that I need to turn off the phone and call Verizon on a separate line.  Verizon told me it is because they are having problems with the 4G service.  When the message is received, you have to go into your wireless settings and switch from CDMA/LTE to CDMA, then turn off the phone, turn it back on, go back into the wireless settings and switch back to CDMA/LTE, turn off the phone and turn it back on.Sound like fun to you??Also, I have not been impressed with 4G speed, vs 3G, so far.  If I were to do it again, I would stick with 3G, save some money and use WiFi for high bandwidth stuff.Another issue: mounting the phone to the docking station in the car and (the HDMI one) in the home is not as easy as it should be. Most of the time, you have to diddle (yes, that is a technical term!) with the phone to get the 2 connections to line up just right in order to plug it in.  There really is no excuse for that kind of poor design, these days.Considering what we have to pay for the phone and the service, we should expect (and demand) more, IMHO.Hope this helps.

I am a dyed-in-the-wool Droid-lover, and I was on the verge of upgrading from my droid X until I picked up the new Razr.  It just feels way too cheap and plasticy.  This is what kept me from buying the Bionic also.  The last generation flip-phone Razr2 really felt like a jewel in your hand, and the droid X has a substantial feel to it also.  The new trend towards light and plasticy is not good for Motorola.  Just imagine how nice the Droid Razr2 would have felt like with an all stainless-steel frame combined with the soft-touch kevlar backing together. Not too heavy, and they would have complimented each other nicely. So...  I'm keeping my OG droid X till another motorola phone comes out that looks and feels worthy of the Motorola name.  Just my personal opinion.I'll never go to Apple until they can engineer a phone that you can place calls and be held at the same time (unless you use the "Tinker-bell Grip" and face a certain direction etc), and doesn't require us to defeat the location services to over-ride battery kill.

Okay let me start off by saying that up until last week i was a Motorola fan boy and this review saddens me to write.Pros:ThinLightQuick chargeFits hand nicelyTouchscreen feels greatBattery lifeCons:Black splotches (will explain bellow)Battery life (how can it be a pro and con...ill get to that)Heats upSpeaker static (only on the 2nd one)BLACK SPLOTCHES: Yup they are definitely there, in fact Motorola has verified this in their statement and they specifically noted this IS NOT a defect and that there is no intention of fixing the issue. WARNING RANT( so what you're saying is that those splotches aren't a defect and the product was designed to have a terrible display...nice one moto) If you haven't heard about the splotches check out this video [...]Battery: Here's the problem I have with the battery, my first razr lasted 7hr out of the box on the factory charge and for the first week I had great battery life, my 2nd one was terrible only got 5hrs of standby with NO use. Now my 3rd one seems to be like the first, decent battery life making it through the day of normal use. How can a company like moto pump out these phones with no removal battery and not quality check them to ensure the battery has no dead cellsAll and all the device is filled with inconstant glitches and i feel as though the device was rushed into production. All Verizon will do is offer me a trade for the Bionic which as im sure everyone is aware is not a deal at all considering the price difference and age.Anyone with the issue comment on the youtube video with your phones build date and a rough estimate as to the number of splotches. Your info will help build a case that will be presented to Motorola to show that this issue effects us users and we want a fix.

Compared to my original Droid, it's a bit wider/longer and a lot thinner/lighter. Beautiful display and the dual core cpu definitely makes things quick - flipping between screens, opening apps, even web surfing and downloading data (mostly using Wifi connection or 3G). 8mp camera sounds impressive but so far picture quality has just been OK. Data connectivity (3G/4G) has been so-so, call quality has improved a bit (compared to my old Droid). Moving to another Android OS phone is a snap as everything is pretty much standard (menus, settings). Drawback with the Bionic has A LOT of bloatware apps you cannot remove. Aside from the improvement in performance, upgrading from a Droid to a Bionic hasn't been that big of a leap forward in the interface/user experience (as opposed to going from a flip phone to a smart phone).

Previously owned a Droid X and a Casio Commando.  Bought this because Commando's user interface is awful.I love everything about this phone except for the battery.  Droid Razr I have to charge twice a day and I've turned everything off except the email sync.  My Commando and Droid X would last 1 to 2 days.I really like how microSD card can be swapped w/o opening the battery case.  Wish all phones were like this.Since the battery is not replaceable I'm forced to seek out a charging location twice a day.  This would have been more bearable if the battery were swappable.  I use the phone about half as much as my kids use theirs.  My monthly bill shows I rarely exceed even 1GB of data.This phone is going to force me to top-off my charge everytime I stop somewhere, that repeated cycling will likely prematurely kill the battery even more.In hindsight I wish I just got another Droid X b/c whats the point in having a phone if you don't have enough juice to make it through the day.

My son recently purchased a Galaxy SII phone (Sprint) and after seeing it in action, I was almost pursuaded away from my love affair with Motorola...ALMOST. My Droid X was the first Moto phone I had ever owned, and to be perfectly honest, while I was sold on Android, I wasn't as much sold on Motorola. In fact, leading up to my initial purchase, I had done enough research as to find a pile of unflattering data regarding Motorola Android phones. I first went with the HTC Incredible (first generation) and within a couple weeks, I was just about ready to say so long to my goal of getting the X. Long story short, on a whim, I traded in my DInc for the X and haven't looked back.I have been a HUGE fan of Motorola ever since. So much so, that whatever I decided to get to replace my X I had iron-clad plans that it'd for sure be manufactured by Motorola. Not sure why or how, but slowly I began to get the 'itch' for something new seeing as my model is coming up on 2 years old now (a virtual dinosaur in the mobile phone industry). I began to read about the Galaxy Nexus and slowly, especially after seeing a video about its new capabilities with ICS installed, I began to wonder if I was THAT tied to Moto after all.What really brought me back was how awesome the Razr was...pure and simple. I'm not here to say that its better or worse than the Galaxy Nexus, or the HTC Rezound or whatever choice you happen to be leaning towards. But if you're looking for a thin phone, ain't nobody can compete with the Razr--NOBODY. That was a gigantic selling point for me...in fact, I'd have to go so far as to say it was the MAIN selling point. Don't get me wrong, the Samsung GN is mighty thin--and the screen is actually slightly larger and let's be honest: the Galaxy Nexus has (at least as I write this anyway) the best screen available, and I don't think that anyone can even argue otherwise. More pixels, better technology and color! Wow, the color is absolutely unbelievable. But with that being said, the Razr is no light weight. It has a Super Amoled screen, too and is visibly better than the Bionic (although I have a friend who insists otherwise...I honestly think he's going blind). Great, vibrant screen which is well above average, if not the absolute equal to the iPhone 4S (I would argue better). One other main selling point to me was the camera on the back...while I am hearing reports that while at just 5MP the GN takes some pretty sweet photos, many say that are better than the 8MP Razr...however, the video camera is genuinely better on the Razr, and for me that was the tipping point. Having become rather used to the X's camera, I figured if the Razr's was even just as good, I'd be fairly happy (who knows, maybe I'm just easy to please in this department).Size--while the screen is the same size as the original Droid X, the thin factor also makes the phone feel a little like it was initially fatter, but was placed inside a press and flattened out. As a result, its wider--and as it turns out, by quite a bit. Initially I was upset that the power button was no longer on top as my DX had been. Reaching for the top has become a very big habit of mine and a tough one to break...but I realized quickly that for those who generally hold their phone using their right hand, the power button is actually VERY conveniently placed almost perfectly where your thumb rests. It didn't take long for me to re-think my position on button placement--that is until I realized that the volume rocker was directly beneath the power button separated by about 3/4ths of an inch. Sorry but that distance is not quite enough in my opinion. I have managed to accidentally turn the ringer ON by mistake instead of shutting off the phone on multiple occasions--once resulting in quite an embarassing moment. I have no doubt that I'll eventually become as familiar with its awkward placement as I was with my original Droid, but I just thought I'd pass along that one particular gripe. I imagine the engineers who designed the phone had their reasons for placing both buttons where they did--but if any of them are reading this: for the next models, try to place one either on a different side or at least separate them by more than an inch, k? I'd appreciate it.Also, I feel it important to warn you that because the phone is wider due to its extreme thinness, if you have small hands, you may seriously want to consider a different model. Where the Droid X actually fit in my hand quite comfortably, the semi-rubberized texture gave it a very & natural feel for holding and navigating with just one hand. On the flip side, that same comfortable feeling is almost non-existent with the Razr. While the phone is in every way more solid and better manufactured due to the superior second generation Gorilla Glass and the Kevlar back, it doesn't have that rubber-like coating which makes the grip easier to hold and use one-handed. There IS a learning curve to be sure, and while I am slowly coming around, I can't even imagine how difficult it'd be if I had very small hands. Yet another reason why investigating IN PERSON before making a cell phone purchase is important in order to avoid buyers remorse.Having the ability to add memory is a pretty big plus for me as well--but not a deal breaker by any stretch. However, that COULD be for some, so keep it in mind when weighing your options. One thing that DID bother me, but after thinking about it became moot was the fact that the Razr did not have a removeable battery. I have to admit, this bugged me silly--at first. But with all the smartphones I have used over the years, I have relied MORE on having a spare wall charger at work, and a car charger while on the go than pulling the battery out and replacing it. Even with my 2 year old X I still just constantly kept it plugged in, and even though after so long the battery just didn't maintain a charge as long as it used to, as long as I'm not far from my charger, it wasn't a big issue, so I figured who cares? Besides, NONE of the iPhones have come with removeable batteries and look at the fan base they have...mighty impressive I must say. But it CAN be a big issue depending on how you use your phone. I know some who would rather go with the Razr Maxx simply because the battery is absolutely monstrous and allows them the freedom to go all-out without charging hardly at all over the course of several days (this is obviously for the power-users). Think carefully before deciding because after the 30 days are up, the last think you'll want is buyers remorse.Speed...lets be clear: going from the X to this phone was similar to making the jump from a Geo Metro to a Ferrari...okay, maybe not quite that dramatic, but I think you get the idea. This part of the Razr has been dealt with in almost ridiculous detail, so I won't bother with it, other than to say that I do not live in a 4G LTE area, so for those also in my situation, think about it. If you don't really NEED a 4G LTE phone and your area does not support it just yet, you may consider putting off buying one until that becomes available. I HAVE used the phone in 4G areas when visiting other cities, and holy freakin' cow, man its a whole different experience. Even while using 3G I notice much faster performance, probably due to the dual-core processor and additional RAM. On WiFi its utterly amazing.Performance...is, well, about what I expected to be honest...which was a lot to be sure. The occasional lag doesn't seem to be anywhere in sight, although I would imagine with further use and the more apps I load, I suspect it'll show up eventually, but so far, I gotta say its run as smooth as glass, much better than my X ever did. Kudos to Motorola for such a cleaner experience all around.I really like how the 4 dedicated buttons on the bottom of the Razr are NOT actully physical buttons. That was one thing I really liked about my old DInc that I now enjoy with this model. NOT a fan of the physical buttons. Even though on my X they always worked properly and never let me down, I just really like how they're laid out on the Razr instead. I know many people do not like them, so this may or may not be a problem for you.Let me include this point while I'm thinking about it: I find it ALWAYS smart to whenever possible, go into a store and physically handle the phone you plan to buy. My sister, who was sold on her iPhone 4 thought that my X was simply enormous and too big for her hands. However, after playing with it for a while, and seeing that the X seemed like it weighed almost half that of her iPhone, well it didn't take long for her to make the switch. But even so, for those with small hands & fingers, a bigger phone isn't necessarily better. And while the Razr IS much thinner than almost everything else out there, due to that in particular, the phone is also slightly wider, as well. Either way, its VERY important to weigh one in person before making the purchase only to realize your hand is simply too small for the phone. With that said, the phone doesn't seem to big--at least to me. I found that it fit comfortably in my hand and my pocket, which is a major factor to consider, too.Calls...the phone worked as well as could be expected. I could hear fine, and the speaker was pretty decent, although not superior. It depends a lot on what you plan to use the phone for. Again, something you ought to try out IN person before buying. I am used to Verizon never losing a signal (at least not to my knowledge with any phone I've ever used since making the switch from AT&T;), and with this new phone, I am as happy as ever. Verizon never disappoints in this area.There are some apps I have yet to use, but I know of several co-workers who have employed them with great fanfare, like Go To Meeting (my boss can't say enough about this one, absolutely loves it). QuickOffice is another well-used app which allows you to create and edit everything from a Word Doc to an Excel Spreadsheet. They are compatible with all of the more famous counterparts and work flawlessly. I don't recommend using them as a habit, but they are mighty convenient when you find yourself away from your computer and need to make and save changes to something from work or from wherever. VERY cool and useful under the right circumstances.Multi-tasking...lets face it, in today's world, if you have a phone that cannot multi-task, it is only slightly more than useless. Having a phone with such power behind it like this one allows for multi-tasking on a much larger scale than I could even with my old X--which pulled it off fairly well. Again, the 1Gig of RAM and the 1.2G Dual-Core Processor makes this a breeze, and you'll almost forget you have more than one item running it does it so well. Another plus for Android in my opinion.Quality...face it, while Motorola may not make their phones as 'Pretty' as say the HTC models or the iPhones, but man is this phone built like a tank. Kevlar back and Gorilla Glass front...? While I wouldn't consider this an excuse to start throwing your phone on the floor to prove a point, this phone could conceivably take more abuse than probably any other phone available today. I am a BIG believer in purchasing a screen protector and case to protect your investment, but the one thing I hate about phone covers is that they make your otherwise thin device almost gargantuan...whats the point of having the world's thinnest phone if you have to hide it behind such a thick shell? Some will feel better purchasing a case, and some will be just fine without one. Everybody's different, so decide for yourself. Personally, this is my first smartphone without a case of any kind, and I'm loving it.Web surfing...typically great. Everything I expected. NOT as smooth as how Samsung does it, though (hint, hint Motorola...I don't care if you copy it outright, but come on, check out the Galaxy SII for ease of use, especially when bookmarking and opening a new tab--MUCH more superior...almost ridiculously so IMO).Battery life...while way better than my X was the day I opened it, I would still invest in a car charger/wall charger, especially if you're as anal as I am about having your phone dip below 60% batter life (I don't know why, but it bugs the crap outta me). If that is a major concern for you, look into the Razr Maxx--which considering how much larger that battery is, really isn't that much thicker overall. Again, everyone is different, but this IS a factor to consider heavily depending how how often you use your phone. If you live in a 4G area, keep in mind that your battery goes down by leaps & bounds more than using 3G service...and even worse if you also have a habit of leaving your GPS on. Food for thought.One of the things I bought this phone for was for video chatting using the front-facing camera...unfortunatley I vastly over-estimated how much I thought I would be using this function. As I write this, I haven't been able to use it even once. Nobody I know of has a front facing camera which I actually WANT to chat with--yet. I look forward to putting this to great use as soon as my wife gets a phone with a similar feature. For those who want to know more, I suggest you look at some of the other reviews here by those who use it often.Conclusion...when the Razr upgrades to Ice Cream Sandwich, I would dare say that in all areas save the screen resolution only, this will be the equal of the Galaxy Nexus. An absolutely phenomenal mobile device which can be used for so much more than most people even dream of. Congrats to Motorola for yet another Grand Slam. Stay tuned soon for further updates as I continue to break in my Razr.***UPDATE #1***Screen is just freakin' awesome. Now that isn't saying its better than a few others out there, but just that coming from the DX to this was a significant improvement. The color saturation with the Super Amoled display is absolutely beautiful, no ifs ands or buts about it.The seemingly total absence of Motoblur is not only a blessing, but a very welcome one at that. I never really had an older model where it was particularly invasive (although it was almost universally panned) but the difference between this and the Droid X is quite noticeable--and not just in the obvious ways, either. One thing I've wondered about is why did Motorola go from the previous standard of 7 home screens to just 5? I imagine its because they did some kind of study or something, but I kinda miss it to be honest. Although, all I have to do is download Go Launcher for free in the Market and I can go back to 7 if I so desire.One of the biggest selling points of the Android platform is its almost endless ability to customize however you want. I'm a bit of a nerd in this department, so I alter my homescreen, backgrounds and widgets almost daily (yeah, I know--too much) and the ability to make the phone look almost 100% different on a regular basis is an enormous PLUS in my book. It gives the illusion that without paying for it, I have gone out and purchased another phone. For me, personally--this is one of the MOST important advantages that Android currently holds over iOS--although it would seem that apple is slowly being pushed towards this--albeit kicking and screaming, but heading there nevertheless.The Power Saving Mode on the Razr is truly remarkable. Without going into too much unnecessary detail, it allows you to shut off critical, power-hungry functions at specific times of the day, or when the battery dips below a pre-determined level. Turn down the screen brightness at specific times? Yup, it can do that. While Motorola claims working it right can save you as much as 30% in battery power, that may be only if you use it aggressively and shut off virtually ALL apps running in the background, and while that CAN be done, it kinda removes the word 'Smart' from its moniker when you shut off its ability to actually act Smartly. But either way, that is the tradeoff you have to deal with if you want more battery at the end of your day. Those already familiar with Android are probably already well aware of the battery life issues, so don't expect too much difference here. Prepare by getting a car charger and an extra wall charger at work and you'll be fine, even with heavy usage. One more important trick is to shut off 4G IF you live in an area where it isn't up & running just yet. We are supposed to get it within the next 6 months, but I'm not holding my breath...however, keep in mind that having 4G ON is notoriously battery-draining on these devices...and needlessly so if you only have 3G capabilities currently. Shutting that off alone should save you I'm guessing 5-15% battery by the end of the day. Just be smart in how you use your phone and enjoy the fantastic speeds and abilities of this truly amazing device.***UPDATE #2***I'd like to take a moment to talk about the forward-facing camera...It is one of the single most important reasons why I wanted this particular model. Well, after several days of tinkering around--and I really don't consider myself a beginner when it comes to Android or smartphones in general--but I simply could NOT find ANY app to open which allowed me to use it to make video calls. None. And trust me, I LOOKED. I finally had to google it, which is probably what I should've done from the get-go, but being the stubborn person that I am, I kept thinking that it just HAD to be hiding in the app drawer SOMEWHERE, I just wasn't looking good enough. Okay, first off, go and head over to the app Market--now re-named "Google Play" (c'mon guys, seriously? what a stupid name) and search for 'Google Talk' and download that...which is probably why I couldn't find it in the first place--because it wasn't there to begin with. Then go to your camera app...when you hold the camera in landscape mode turn on the forward camera (its the button on the far right at the top of the screen). Back OUT of the app without closing it, and go open up 'V-Tok' and THEN you'll be able to make and receive video calls. Honestly, that sure seems like quite a few steps more than necessary, doesn't it? But then again, I don't write programs and can't come up with a good reason for WHY it ought to be simpler, but I am certainly hoping that the update to ICS 4.0 will make this a lot easier than it is now...because in all honesty, it really shouldn't be THIS difficult.***UPDATE 2.1***I've been REALLY enjoying my phone, but yesterday out of nowhere, I had a hiccup--which was problematic enough that I actually packed up the whole thing and took it back to the store pretty certain that I'd be walking out with a new phone or a different model altogether. Essentially I noticed early on in the day that where it says 3g/4g in the status bar at the top of the screen, that icon was just missing in a place where I have never had reception issues before with Verizon. Now, I HAD been told by Verizon that reception issues MAY be a problem in general as they were tweaking their 4g towers which are being installed here locally, but that would ONLY affect the phone for a few moments at a time. Well this was considerably longer than a 'few moments'. Turns out I could text and make calls, but I couldn't receive or send Data of ANY kind--unless I was hooked up to WiFi. After re-starting the phone several times I figured this issue was obviously one that was beyond me, so after briefly considering re-setting my phone to factory specs, I decided to bring it in. The Verizon Rep said mine was the second Razr which had come in that day. But it was an easy fix. Heres what he did: he put the phone in Airplane Mode, which turns off the cellular connection, but leaves the phone ON, then he turned Airplane Mode off and THEN he re-started the phone. As soon as it booted up, voila! Service was back. I was profoundly grateful that I didn't have to go through re-loading everything back onto my phone which I had spent a great deal of time customizing to my particular tastes (which I can admit changes--almost daily). So for anyone else who may experience this same issue, give it a try first and if it still doesn't work, you may have a lemon...hope this helps.***FINAL Update***Received the OTA Android 4.0 update a couple days ago and I now feel like I have a brand new phone. Ice Cream Sandwich isn't just some small move up from Gingerbread, it almost entirely re-vamps the phone from top to bottom. Almost everything in the User Interface is either different, or overhauled and LOOKS slightly different, or acts different. Some are going to LOVE the changes, others, not so much. I fall somewhere in between, where I LOVE how it all works, but a few things are changed--but not necessarily for the better (IMO). Before, I could text and press the mic button using the Swype keyboard or the stock Android and both would conjure up the same Google Voice to Text function. The new and improved Voice to Text (and it IS a generational move in the RIGHT direction) can ONLY be activated after you have the Swype keyboard up, and then you bring down the top bar with a swipe of your hand and only THERE will you have the option to activate Google Voice Typing. I'm a bit disappointed that it doesn't activate just by pressing the default mic button on the Swype keyboard. I've checked within Swype to see if there is a setting change which will allow it, but so far, even though I THOUGHT I had, it still won't. Sorry, but that was NOT the right move in my opinion. The new Voice to Text feature is such a huge improvement that I'm a bit stumped why they made it more difficult to get to.I have also noticed that when closing apps, my usual fluid scrolling from screen to screen has quite a few hiccups now whereas before it was smooth as butter (supposedly a feature which will improve significantly with the upgrade to Android 4.1 Jellybean). I was expecting a MUCH different experience in this area I must say. I have since downloaded the Apex Ice Cream Sandwich Home Launcher and it has helped smooth that out quite a bit--but it hasn't eliminated the problem entirely, FYI. I also discovered several new apps which were not there before the upgrade. One is called, 'Text By Voice' and it is pretty freakin' sweet. Activate the app, turn OFF your screen and to turn it ON again, simply say, 'Text By Voice' and the screen will automatically turn on and it will say, 'Text Who?'. It is a true hands free gift for those who insist on texting while driving. At least this way you CAN without putting the world at risk. Another cool app is the Motorola Car Finder, which I imagine works similar to the paid app on Google Play which allows you to use your GPS to mark where you park your car at the Mall and will help guide you back TO it when you've finished shopping. You can also adapt this to find anything you desire, from where you left something to marking a waypoint (crudely, but even so...). I haven't attempted to use the feature yet, so I can't comment on how accurate it is in implementation, however.From scrollable widgets to the new ability to re-size many of them (yes, I realize that Motorola DID allow this already before, but its a nice function from within ICS anyway) the entire UI has received a much-needed facelift. Holding the Home Screen button now brings up all of your recent apps you can dismiss by swiping them either to the left or right (not sure that entirely closes the apps, though, but it LOOKS cool). Plus I also really enjoyed the ability to uninstall a few apps that Gingerbread wouldn't allow before the update. You still can't get rid of all the bloatware (unless you root your device) but you CAN disable MANY of those bloatware apps so they won't spontaneously start in the background even if you don't want them to...again, you can't disable ALL of them, but I certainly did plenty by the time I was through. By the way, if you intend on doing this, remember you may have to uninstall the most recent app update before being able to disable, but trust me, its worth it.Adding new widgets are MUCH easier from within the app drawer, you can choose a tab from the top of the screen and actually SEE the widget and how it will look (for the most part) once you place it on one of your home screens. Nice preview, btw. Another welcome touch of ICS that I really enjoy. Caution: there are STILL some apps which SAY they have been optimized to run on Android 4.0 but still aren't really running properly. For instance, facebook, every time I try to update my status from within the app itself on my phone, it force closes on me. Its done it SO much lately that I have stopped trying and instead I load the internet version instead--quicker and allows me to do stuff that the app won't. Just a little FYI for those who are making the big jump up from Gingerbread.From the initial unlock screen, which gives several different options--including music playback, finding certain things may take a bit more time because hitting the menu button no longer gives you the options it used to. Long pressing on  any screen will only bring up wallpaper options, you must go INTO the app drawer in order to add apps & widgets to any of the 5 home screens. A bit annoying--at first--but overall I like how it works. Face unlock...? Its a nice novelty, but not one I'd recommend for real use. It works--most of the time, but honestly, I just preferred the stock unlock swipe when you turn on the device.Snapping photos WHILE taking video is a nice feature as well, along with the new camera options and tools. Very well done.The new browser functions very sleek. But I prefer the Chrome version I found in the Google Play store. All in all, there is MUCH to love about this update, but I feel the need to mention that it appears that Flash support is NOT one of the goodies which sets Android apart from iOS. The Razr CAME with Flash, but I cannot find it since the update. Nor do I seem to be able to view flash enabled video online. While Flash may not be the future of smartphone browsers, it certainly IS one of the major reasons why Android has overtaken iPhone as the dominant smartphone being sold. Until such time as a suitable replacement for Flash becomes readily available, NOT allowing the Adobe Flash player to work with ICS is a GIGANTIC failure in my opinion. Almost every major website online uses Flash--STILL, so why suddenly drop it? Sorry I just don't get it. Android is all about alternative options that apple refuses to give you...but this one feature being absent is my ONLY real major gripe. Otherwise, ICS further proves that the iPhone is simply a status symbol (although I have no idea why). I've read multiple websites dedicated to what the fanboys HOPE will be on the iPhone 5, and strange as it may seem, the vast majority of options can ALREADY be found on almost all Androids (something most fanboys almost universally refuses to acknowledge).Okay, that's it (I promise). ICS, making an already great phone even better.

I was lucky enough to purchase this phone for a penny.  I been with AT&T for over 20yrs once Verizon came out with the Razr I was willing to sever my relationship with AT&T just to buy this product.  Although the bad reviews about the battery life scared the heck out of me I took the plunge and bought it anyway. I was one of the lucky one's because my phone battery has been holding up well with what I do with it. Just as a back up I did order the portable charger which works great.  In addition to buying the phone I purchased about every accessory the Razr offered which was the real attraction to the Razr for me.  I bought the wireless keyboard with built in trackpad, the docking station with the 4hdmi outputs, the Lapdock100 which I can tote around with me like a laptop  and the car docking station. All the products work great and I'm very happy with my purchases.  I highly recommend this product.

I pre-ordered this phone thinking it would be a great fit for me.  I had the original Motorola Droid for 2 years prior and loved it.I did the comparisons of other Droids as-well-as iPhones.  I wasn't buying into the whole iPhone fad and thought that the Razr was a good fit b/c of my prior Droid experience and the kevlar and gorilla glass design of the Razr... my first Droid got dropped at least ten times a day and took a beating.I was excited when the Razr came in the mail but quickly discovered how truly horrible Verizon has become in their customer service.I called them on the first day to help with some phone settings - the phone wasn't connecting to the internet.  The first Rep I spoke to didn't have any knowledge of the Razr (didn't even know you can't remove the battery) - after being passed to two other Reps I finally got one that seemed to know what they were doing.  Once that little glitch was worked out I started using the phone and LOVE it.  Going from 4g to 3g areas makes the phone lose internet connectivity for a few minutes... that's a bit frustrating.The only thing that I can't understand is how some people have great battery life... this phone is a battery hog - I need to have a charger in my car and at my desk at work b/c it's constantly sucking down the power.After having the phone for a month it did an auto-update.  After that I started having all sorts of issues with the email accounts I have pushed to the phone.  When I called Verizon the Tech Rep determined the phone was defective and overnighted me a replacement... here's the kicker - the phone they shipped me was a "certified used" phone and it looked like someone scraped it across the floor.I called Verizon and told them I wasn't happy paying $300+ for the phone (after my measly "new every two" discount), the phone was defective and they had nerve sending me a certified new-used piece of crap!  They gave me some BS explanation that they want their customers to get a phone back as soon as possible and this is the fastest way to do that - and that the certified new-used phones go through a 100 point inspection... hmmmm - I think someone was falling asleep on the job with the one I got.They wouldn't even let me go into a local Verizon store and swap the one I have for a new one... they said the store would have to order from the same "new-used" inventory.  They said I only had 14 days from the time I received the phone for any sort of warranty to get a new one vs. a "certified new-used" one.I've gotta say - I've been a Verizon cellular customer since the late 90's... and have other Verizon products as well.  I certainly can't complain about their cellular network b/c it is really good.  I rarely have connection issues wherever I use my phone.  I used to rave about their customer service and loyalty programs they've had.  Now, I've seen the quality of their customer service sink to new lows - and it really ticks me off how much they "nickel and dime" you over every little thing.  I've paid thousands of dollars to them in monthly usage charges, you would think after a decade of loyal patronage that they'd want you to have a piece of quality equipment that works - and wouldn't push the cost of dealing with their manufacturers like Motorola, etc. onto their customers.So - after my rambling here - I would say that all-in-all the Razr is a nice piece of equipment - but don't be disillusioned by statements about longer battery life... it's a hog just like every other smartphone.  It's really having to deal with Verizon that you should consider.  And honestly, I think that they way a company treats its customers is of equal importance to the services and products they provide.  It's added stress that you don't need - we all have busy lives.Good luck in your decision making!

Love this phone,  had to get used to the wideness but works great!  Only serious problem is the battery life.  I work from home and have a car charger and am typing this in the red battery zone.  Battery life is the worst.  I also used to own a cell phone store for 3 years.  Great phone minus the power it needs. Not sure what else to say except. I'll possibly return it if I do not figure a way to save battery time somehow.  And yes, I know ways to save usage.

One thing I didn't like about the original Droid was the size and shape. It always fell sideways in my pocket and it's heavy. Since I didn't use the keyboard much, thinner and lighter was a plus for the RAZR. Also, the RAZR display is crisper and larger than the Droid and much easier on the eye. I expected the RAZR apps to be much the same as Droid; however, that isn't the case. Some of the basic features like loading more than the most recent email just isn't there. Same for FaceBook - just the threads and no menu. The original Droid's features were better. Even the desktop falls short. Turn it sideways and the orientation doesn't change unless you select 'APPS'. Once everything is loaded, landscape mode works fine.Battery life is an issue with the RAZR. If you use it, the battery won't last very long. It'll be discharged in a workday. Using USB connection to charge it is another problem. Make sure your drives are mapped before plugging in the RAZR as it will map two drives even if USB is set to charge only. The drive letters will be mapped but not connected. That creates problems with other network resources. Also, the battery is not removable or replacable.The RAZR is a two-handed phone. That was easy enough to get used to but for some, it may not be desirable. Not the best choice for one-handers.Signal strength is better with the RAZR. One complaint with the Droid is that people can't connect to anything in my area (all Verizon customers). Razr is able to connect at some level although, 4G is not available in many locations. Same for 3G - used to seeing a bar or two and '1X'. But the phone works much better and can actually receive a call without 100% chance that it'll be dropped.I don't know why the 8 Mpix camera delivers such poor quality photos but, the 5 Mpix Droid was better. Some daylight photos are pretty good but I wouldn't call it a camera. It also seems that the fixed lens field is not as wide so, treat it like telephoto and move back. If there's room. One feature the RAZR has that wasn't part of the Droid platform is a front facing camera. Skype users may appreciate that feature but I don't use it.There are plenty of free apps for the Android OS so, no problem getting what I want. Although, the $9.95 Verizon Navigation app can't be uninstalled even though the free Google Navigation app is installed and works great. Bunch of pre-installed stuff on there that I don't have a use for.I like the phone even with its shortcomings. I haven't used the HDMI port but, it's there if I ever care to get a cable and play with it. Some glitchy stuff to look out for is deleting FB friends from the phone directory as it links them. Once you remove the contacts, even though they don't have phone numbers listed, they are no longer identified on FB. Posts from an unknown friend. Contacts were transferred in triplicate by the store so, maybe they also caused some other config problems. Actually, they took about 90 minutes to configure it and were on hold with Verizon Support for a good while. They were selling a lot of Apple's latest but only a few RAZR's. Perhaps they weren't up on the learning curve yet - it was only on the market two weeks when I bought mine which wasn't even stocked yet (one week delivery at the time).My original Droid never had to have the battery pulled and that isn't possible on the RAZR which did freeze on me once. Just have to hold the power and both volume buttons together to re-boot. Speaking of volume, the ringer isn't very loud. Neither is the mp3 player. And one strange glitch is that it forgets my ringtones now-and-then and defaults to one of the pre-installed tones.It's a nice phone but still has some bugs that need to be worked out.

So many in depth reviews saying almost everything I wanted to say...this phone is really awesome! I am not a Motorola fanboy, actually it's my 1st Moto phone ever, but couldn't resist buying it.Only few points I will emphasize on:-The look: many reviewers kept on comparing this phone with other phones-specs wise, forgetting to put into consideration the size factor! I never had or wanted to have any phone bigger than 3.2" till I saw the beauty of this RAZR ( & to be honest the GS2 in regard of being slim as well). The phone is a certain conversation starter, looks really cool, well built and definitely not cheap ( and it isn't!)-the speed: added tons of apps and games, no sweat!-Battery: dunno what other reviewers expected from a phone with such a processor, screen & 4G but this needs power! My last 4 smartphones' batteries (in 5 years) couldn't last more than a day, so this one is no surprise. add Juice defender app and it helps u go through the day with moderate use. Some days I talk too much and play too much this is when I need to charge it twice a day, I have a portable external battery that I got off e-bay for around $10. It works fine and is really small.Easier to carry even in pocket.-app killers: had them on with every android phone I had ( 2 other than the Razr) till I read a reviewer here saying that it caused his phone to freez. Well it does! happened twice with me, uninstalled it & things are better now..overall the best smartphone IMO now in market, and will get better with the ICS upgrade in few months.

I moved from the droid x to the droid razr. There are alot of good reviews here, so I'll give my own observations in short style.~ 4G coverage is spotty in my area and the network switching can cause hang ups (according to Verizon). Turning the LTE network off worked wonders.~ Operating system is very fast, installing, opening the largest apps takes only a couple seconds at most.~ Actual screen size is exactly the same as my old droid X.~ Switching between wireless networks and cell network has been improved, no hang ups I experienced with my X.~ Although it is slimmer, height and width are greater.~ Battery performance is ok once you adjust on board apps, learn to use smart actions and task manager. Install an app killer!~ Phone performance is good, clear calls, no problem.~ Improved contact widget is handy, wish I had that for my old droid.~ Camera performance is on par with the droid series, very good.

My contract doesn't expire until January. Thus, I am stuck for the next 8 weeks with my old Palm Pre, which sucks (both having to wait and the phone). But I am also not complaining. I suspect that by the time I am ready to buy I can still get the phone cheaper here than at the Verizon Store -- and likely avoid paying sales tax as well.Now about the phone. I have read every review I can find and I have given it about a half hour of my time at the Verizon store, just playing with it. The phone is elegant and a joy to play with. I am new to Android, but my wife has an iPhone 4, so I have a frame of reference with the major competition.There are a LOT of pluses with this device. 4G means this phone is fast. It is amazing how fast web pages load. I recently downloaded an album on my wife's iPhone, and it took almost 20 minutes. I fully expect to be able to download the same album on this device in under 5 minutes. I have watched the iPhone take minutes to do routine updates -- again, I expect more with the Razr, and feel confident it will be much faster.The colors are vibrant -- and the pentile effect that some professional reviewers don't like is not all that visible to my amateur eye. If you like watching movies on your phone, the 4.3 inch screen will serve you well.The phone is designed to be tough, even if you don't use screen guards and a case. Gorilla glass makes the glass difficult to scratch and almost impossible to break. Kevlar protects the back of the phone while still giving it a luxurious feel. I fully expect someone with more money than brains to buy one of these just to create a YouTube video testing if the Razr will stop a bullet. The design is aesthetically pleasing -- and it is a worthy successor to the Razr name.There are some negatives about this phone. They aren't particularly important to me, but they might be to you.First, the camera could be better. Though it doesn't have the horrible shutter lag of the Droid Bionic, it still takes a second or 2 to autofocus. Once it focuses, though, there is no shutter lag. Picture quality, however, is OK at best.Second, it gets warm with heavy use -- though that seems to be a bug across the 4G platform. So if you want a 4G phone, expect it to get warm, at least at times.Third, if you like using your phone with just one hand, this phone is not the one for you. While the Razr is the thinnest smartphone out there (7.1 mm for most of its body), it is most certainly not the narrowest. It is wider than both the iPhone and the Bionic, and if you have small hands it might feel awkward. Frankly, the Razr feels like a small tablet and less like a traditional phone.Finally, and this is the biggie for a lot of people, the battery is not removable. When this is combined with the way 4G sucks down battery life, some potential owners will run away. However, if you are worried about battery life on the go, there are some wonderful external batteries available on Amazon, about the the size of a cellphone themselves, that should solve that problem before you get your phone into a charger.Overall, a great phone -- and one I definitely want when I am eligible for the discounted price in January.

I've been a verizon customer for over 8 years and the deal is for "new" customers?!!!  How about some love because I'm not  feeling it. Oh well, I'll just have to wait a few days for next hot smartphone to come out and the Razr will be so cheap I will use it under my kitchen table leg to keep it from wobbling.

this phone, so far is a extremely reliable and stable phone.  I bought an otterbox and invisishield protector for it and so far, seems to be by far the best phone I have owned.  PROS:  Awesome screen, easy root, huge screen, battery.  CONS: battery on 4g, be sure to either root for SetCPU or turn 4g off entirely because it WILL drain your battery.  4G is definately worth the switch, and ICS is looking cooler than ever.  coming from the Droid x2 i can say that the 4g alone makes this phone a worthy upgrade.  I get about 17mbps in good coverage.  Cant wait for the ICS update!!!

I ordered my first phone through amazonwireless for $111.11 for 11/11/11 and was STOKED.  Used the phone for 5-6 days and then all of the audio of the phone went out.  Whenever the speaker needed to produce a sound it popped, the ear speaker was not functional at all.  First replacement came in the next day air, thus the great customer service.I had 5 days to play with the second phone before it MYSTERIOUSLY did not turn on again.  I charged it to 100%, which is important because the battery life IS HORRIBLE and texted my friend.  After that the phone just plain knocked out, not responsive to the charger or power button with a black screen.I am staying away from this phone and contemplating changing service providers away from verizon as well....

I was thinking maybe I can just sign up for a new account and cancel the old one. But then they would cap my data. There's no way to win. I'd like to switch carriers in protest but I have to admit that Verizon is the highest quality service by a large margin. I hate you Verizon but I love you. As for Motorola, I can live without you. This sounds like an awesome phone, and yesterday I was ready to pay $300. Now you've hurt my feelings and I think I'll wait a few months to see what apple and Samsung and HTC come up with.

Up until two days ago, this would've gotten ten stars from me. It was my first smartphone, got it for one cent here on Amazon, and the phone was great! I'm kinda lucky in my preferences...I don't talk on the phone much. The 450 minute plan with Verizon is even too much for me. This comes as a blessing and a curse. It's a blessing because it means that I'm not always using my phone to run down the battery (which, word to the wise, configure your Smart Action settings, turn off wifi and 4G when not in use, and download the free Advanced Task Manager app from the Android Market. When not in use for long periods of time, go to Sleep mode). While I don't talk on the phone much, I downloaded a book for the phone's Kindle app and I read like a madwoman and the battery lasted very well with me reading on the phone a lot. In terms of hours...hm. In conjunction with reading for about 3-4 hours a day straight mixed with a bit of browsing, listening to music on the included music player for about an hour(even if I was directly in front of my laptop; the scrolling lyrics for my songs for some reason seemed just the coolest thing to me, xD) or just generally playing around with the phone...I'll give the battery life for me about 6-7 hours, give or take. I'm one of those people that likes to usually charge my phone a lot but had to learn that the proper way to condition the battery is to actually let it run down completely, then recharge it.Anywho, the curse part of the phone came in when I needed to make an urgent call to home and my mom told me she couldn't hear me. I pulled the phone away from my ear and noticed I had completely full bars and tried turning up the volume. Well, that helped *me* (but I could already hear her crystal clear) but she still couldn't hear me. She said it sounded like I was talking into a can. And there is no setting to configure the internal speaker either. I can live with a short-ish battery (results may vary; seriously, everyone uses their phone differently)...but being able to clearly place a call is the back-to-basics purpose of why anyone gets a cell phone. So...with a saddened heart, I took this back to Verizon.This is where I trail off from the review of the phone (four stars) and go to the customer service. Everyone has different experiences and some people were so scarred from theirs, they've run the other direction. Understandable, don't blame you and this is coming from a person who works in a call center that deals with Verizon customers (I won't say I work *for* Verizon but I suppose...what's the difference?). Considering customer service is not my department (I'm sales), dealing with customer service was still new to me as it would be for anyone else. The woman that helped me was very nice and she was the sort of rep I want to emulate (contrary to popular belief, some of us truly do care about making customers happy. It sounds cheesy, I know, but please, not all of us are bad). The woman tried to process the return for me but realized that since I got the phone from Amazon, I would have to return it through them. She wrote the number down on a Post-It for me and I figured that was it; I'd have to either use the phones at work to order the return or wait until I got home, as my phone had already been factory reset for the return. Instead, she called Amazon for me right from the store and the woman from Amazon politely verified my information and sent out an email for my return packaging label. The phone will be here tomorrow.I know everyone's experience's do not go that smooth and I've read a vast amount of comments on here regarding Motorola's service (which is great and groovy people that you believe service is also part of the phone's experience and I agree, but for the love of all that's pure, PLEASE rate the phone in the review too! Half the one-star reviews could really be three or four star reviews but are one solely based on customer service...stop that; first and foremost, review the *product* because customer service likely came after you got the product. But now I'm trailing off from the point of this review myself). I'm going to give customer care on both ends five stars and the phone a four. It was only one issue--a major issue, but just one. I'll try to update this if possible to note how my experience with the replacement goes. Crossing my fingers it doesn't power cycle/reboot, have black spots, dies in two hours with light use, another blown internal speaker, or any of the other myriad of problems that seem to come with cell phones these days, not just the Razr.

I upgraded from the original Droid. My old Droid was working fine, but I was due for a discounted upgrade. I wanted to wait for the Nexus, but after seeing the reviews that made it sound rather fragile (and it's still not available) I decided to check out the RAZR. Lots of reviewers were complaining about the text quality, but it looks great to me. Sure, if you get out some magnifying glasses you will see the pixels, but why would you do that?I like the engineering that went into the RAZR. The thinness, the gorilla glass, everything about it seems very well thought out. I was also tempted by the Iphone, but I wanted a bigger screen, and the bigger battery of the Droid. It's right on the edge of being too big, good thing I have big hands.I bought the Otterbox case the same day I bought the RAZR, and it keeps the RAZR quite safe due to the raised plastic and rubber edges on the front and back. I examined the full coverage Otterbox but didn't like the belt loop. I ended up building my own leather and metal sleeve to protect the exposed glass side when the phone is in my pocket, or my backpack.Regarding the battery, it's true that you can totally drain the battery in half a day if you are using the 4g to watch movies, but this is true of all big smartphones. I work on computers all day, I have no need to watch movies, or surf the net on my phone. I also don't play games. It's cool to know the phone can do all those things though, for those weekends when I am out climbing and need to check the weather. I'm not on facebook anymore (huge sigh of relief!) so I have no need to constantly use my phone on the weekends to post or check updates.I get two to three days out of the battery (7am to 10pm). And I do that by turning off all the data: wireless and 4g. I've basically turned it into a dumb phone. For those occasions when I may need to keep the phone working hard all day, and I'm away from electricity, I bought an external battery pack from NewTrent. For only 28 bucks, I have a phone sized battery that will recharge the RAZR three times.I was easily able to configure it to read my work email using the Corporate function to connect with Microsoft Exchange. But I set it to manual sync....again, I work at computers all day.Lots of others have commented on the camera and powerful processor. I don't expect my cell phone to be anything more than a poor quality point and shoot, but the camera is better than my old droid. If a great camera is important, the iphone might be a better choice.I've always loved the way I can easily get inside a phone running Android. Plug it into your mac or pc with the usb cable,  and it acts like an external hardrive. Drag music, talking books, images, data files, whatever, directly into the phone. There is no messing around with itunes like I've heard you have to do on the iphone.I love the smoothness of the operating system. This thing is very fast. It's super bright...all in all I'm happy I bought it and have no regrets.Coolest apps so far: ColorNote for a "to do list", Akimbo player for listening to talking books, Dolphin browser with the LastPass password manager for tracking all my logins.

Pros - Google Android OS with ICE Cream Sandwich upgrade capability, 4G speeds, 4.3" screen, HDMI port, 1080p Video and 8MP camera, access to mainly free appsCons - very short battery life, lacking power management and very limited alarm features, somewhat fickle Hotspot capabilities, USB tethering will not work without third party or rooting, email capabilities lack rival platforms (may be considered more taste by some).Having recently purchased the Droid Razr phone as a result of my blackberry giving up the ghost, I was reminded of several lessons learned.  Firstly, never purchase a new phone on the day you are going out of town.  Secondly, never purchase a phone within the first three months of its release (especially before CES), unless you just love being on the cutting edge of technology.  Thirdly, never accept having to learn a new operating system when the old one you have works.I apologize in advance as I may come across rather unforgiving and favoring the blackberry OS.  (It's just that once you find something that works (suits your needs), it's easier to compare everything else rather disparagingly to it.  Also, I prefer to invest in technology that works out of the box (those who like to unroot may disagree here), since the cell phone providers make you live with your decision for the next two years (contracts).After setting up two of my most used gmail accounts and attempting to set up a work account that utilizes MS Exchange server, I noticed that this phone allows only one account its separate icon (my blackberry had four separate icons for each account).  Also, the same gmail account has two icons and for whatever reason the inbox for each icon receives different incoming messages?  Setting up the MS Exchange server was a different story.  Unlike the blackberry which had no issues, I quickly learned of issues that this phone has with MS Exchange based outlook web accounts.  I am still working to try to resolve this issue after trying several third party apps.Next, came the power management features and alarms.  I was able to set the blackberry up to power down at 11pm and power on at 6am.  I also could set the alarm to 5:30am and have it wake me on a regular basis when the phone was turned off.  Not so with the Razr, even when the phone in sleep mode, the alarm will not go off.  Even feedback from those trying third party apps confirm this is an issue with other Android based phones and that for the alarm to work the phone has to be turned on.  Tech support has confirmed this issue.  The power management is a big deal because the battery life on this phone is non-existent which brings me to my next point.  This battery needs to be charged at least twice daily unlike the blackberry curve 9600 I had which was charged daily.  Installing third party apps such as Juice Defender help, but IMHO you are better off waiting for the MAXX version of this phone (which ironically was announced the day I bought this phone for the same price as the original droid meaning a price drop for the original model).  Also unfortunately as with the Iphone design, you are stuck with the battery for the life of the phone.WIFI hotspot capabilities and internet access was the main reason I bought this phone (aside from the fact I needed a working phone and email access).  I was rather dismayed to find the USB tethering did not work out the box (this appears to be Verizon's answer to last year's revelation that they were not able to capitalize or control the USB tethering capabilities of existing Android phones, especially those who did not have an existing data plan that covered this feature).  Third party support (Apps) is available however Verizon does not condone or support this convention even when you are paying the extra $30 for hotspot and tethering capabilities and without the user having one of its unlimited data plans (grandfathered) is subjected to a 2 gig monthly limit with steep prices charged for overages.  That being said, I found the USB tethering to work somewhat reluctantly with third party apps.The hotspot however was a different story, multiple trips into the Verizon store and calls to tech support have resulted from this service working intermittently.  The first issue was resolved with a Windows XP hotfix for WPA2 support.  The second issue was resolved with a razr OS upgrade.  After I got the computer to see the razr and access the internet came problems with repeated dropouts when downloading and website hanging or timing out.  Apparently, technical support has acknowledged an issue this phone with its provisioning software (which validates subscription to this service) and sites such as Yahoo, Apple, Microsoft, Flickr, fcz, Flipper, LinkedIn, Paypal, and others. Supposedly, a fix is due soon, (another reason not to be on the cutting edge IMHO).  Also, this reminds me too much of the headaches caused by proxy servers in the early days of Windows servers.) In retrospect, you may be better off getting a dedicated metered hotspot that has 5gb or 10gb thresholds rather than trying to use this phone to serve this purpose, I am sure Verizon would approve as the 5gb threshold is $50 per month and the 10gb threshold is $80 per month (meaning more money for the company for users who were grandfathered in under the older unlimited data plan rather than the flat $30 fee.)Using Speedtest and Testmy websites, I have found that in multiple 4G areas, download speeds are usually in the range of 1.2mbs or even lower when using as a hotspot.  This is somewhat disparaging as sites such as Hulu or playon.tv typically require at least 1.5mbs for any kind of streaming (another reason why I got this phone (use the hdmi port to connect to an HD tv). In some parts of the metro area, I couldn't even get reliable 3G service or I would be downloading a file and would get dropouts, something I never got with blackberry.  Also note as of this writing, Hulu does not support the razr model, another reason to wait.Phone clarity was good, however I had several dropped calls resulting in the whole phone shutting off for no apparent reason.The last major contention I have is that when the phone is holstered such as using the Otterbox Defender series with the belt clip, the phone will not shut off as with the Blackberry. This is an annoyance because of the battery life this phone eats.To sum it up, this phone reminds me of the mantra, "Be patient _________ has not finished with me yet" (you fill in the deity or if atheist, something else).  This phone has capabilities but they just need to be refined.  I think this is a major leap forward for Motorola (when compared to previous versions) and with time can prove to be a strong competitor to the Iphone platform.  I will give Motorola credit for addressing the battery life right out of the gate, 4G access with the dual core processor and HDMI output capability, but I think the Android interface needs further refinement, something maybe the highly touted icecream sandwhich version may address.

Not too long ago, I made a review regarding the Droid Bionic. After a couple days of playing with my friends' RAZR after it was released, I decided I had to switch. So this review, while I will try to cover a lot, will also help those users that have been debating between the normality of the Bionic, or the Ultra-thin sleekness of the RAZR.DESIGNWhile I have to admit, the RAZR is a little wider than the Bionic, the thinness is definitely worth it. I have actually found myself leaving my house and thinking I forgot my phone cause I couldn't feel it in my pocket. I have always been a fan of the RAZR line when I got my first one with Alltel, and was ecstatic to see that it was coming back, Android style! Everything just seems to work with this. The speaker has been moved to the top of the phone, making it less probable of accidentally covering it with your hand while watching YouTube or Netflix. The front facing camera (1.3mp by the way!!! Which is what the Bionic should have came with instead of that crappy VGA camera) is on the right side of the phone, which makes it more centered for video chat when in landscape mode. Some people have complained because the battery is non-removable. In my opinion, that battery works and is absolutely amazing! Why the hell would you want to remove it?! But more into the battery later in this.NETWORKTo quote from my Bionic review: "Verizon 3G is already pretty good in my area. Verizon 4GLTE will leave you with your pants down! I tested this in Ann Arbor, MI and was blown away as to the speeds this thing was getting. 3G is already about 1-3mbps download for me, but on 4G, I was getting up to 30/mbps download speeds! Triple the amount compared to my friends Sprint EVO3D phone on their 4G network. Definitely not something that disappointed me here. Pages loaded fast, apps downloaded while you blinked!"Now to add to it. With the Bionic I was experiencing data outages. Periodically I would drop data service completely, and wasn't able to use any apps or browsing. (I have been advised that a software update has been released and is being pushed to the Bionic's, so I'm hoping this has been fixed, but I haven't received confirmation yet.) With the RAZR, call clarity and data network is seamless. I've been told by people they can hear me a lot better, and that the call clarity in itself is about 10x better than what it was before. Data is amazing. Luckily I'm grandfathered into the unlimited data plan, so me and Netflix are best friends!! =) I haven't experienced any issues at all with data, 3G or 4G-LTE.PERFORMANCEThe RAZR hasn't disappointed me at all in terms of speed & performance. The phone handles apps and multi-tasking with a breeze, with almost no lag at all. Even though the RAZR is carrying a 1.2 processor, versus the Bionic's 1.0, I haven't noticed much of a difference at all. But hey, bigger numbers right?!BATTERY LIFEBattery is just amazing! I have found myself having to get up at 5am before, and wouldn't be near a charger till 9pm at night, and still have battery life! This is a first on any Droid I've ever had! With the bigger battery, and the Smart Actions app from Motorola, this phone simply does not waste battery, but uses it sparingly!DISPLAYThe screen is wonderful. The Super AMOLED display is stunning, gorgeous, riveting, and any other word you can think of. Colors are vibrant and bright, and there is just simply no complaints about it!CAMERAI didn't include a camera section for my Bionic review, but will for the RAZR because I feel that this should be addressed. Some have expressed concerns that the RAZR doesn't work as well as it should, or they receive different color tones than what should be. I haven't experienced any problems with it. Pictures are as crisp as I would've thought they would be, and the camera actually is a lot faster to respond compared to previous motorola cameras. The front facing 1.3 mp camera hasn't disappointed me either. I was concerned at first because when you hold the phone in your hand, you kind of have to tilt the phone to the left just to be centered. While I thought this may be a defect, after visiting the Verizon store and playing with their demo phone, I've found this is just how it is. I thought it was weird at first, but then when I did a video chat holding my phone in landscape, I was completely centered. So definitely a strange design of it, but I understand what it was all about.OVERALLAfter using the RAZR for about a week, I was more than willing to sell my Bionic and get rid of it! The differences between the two were just amazing. While I did enjoy the Bionic, I feel that the RAZR was the phone that everyone was hoping for; and almost wonder if the Bionic was just thrown together because it was promised in January, and still hadn't arrived. The RAZR is everything one could hope for. Fast, sleek, thin, sexy, and just plain Brilliant! There is hardly any bloatware on the phone, and what there is, about 90% of it you can remove. Motorola did a fantastic job with MotoCast, and updating the stock Music app to include this. My only complaint is that I wished the stock music app worked with Google Music, but I'm sure that will come when the next Android software is released. While in my own opinions I would recommend the RAZR over the Bionic, it's still naturally up to you, which phone style better suits you.

Total waste of my time. I got new sim and memory cards in case they were the cause of the crashing and...it still crashed. So I got a new one because obviously this was a faulty phone. As soon as I started downloading apps...crashed again and again. So dissapointing! I wanted to love this phone and it was a nightmare.

My previous phone was a 1st generation Motorola Droid and I thought it served me well until it didn't. Time to upgrade, and at this point, taking on a 2-year contract for a phone with 3G technology is a no-go. I got the Droid Razr from from the local Verizon store, not Amazon. It's a 4G LTE model with 32gb's of roomy-room and an exterior slot for a mini-SD card to add more room, should you need it. It's not the absolute latest model, so it's currently offered at a reasonable deal. The latest model in this line offers more battery power, but we'll get to that.As it happens, the air space surrounding our house is 3G airspace. 4G is available in the backyard, front yard, up the street, down the street, all over the neighborhood, but not at our house. Not via Verizon (my provider) or AT&T; (my husband's cell provider). Hopefully they'll get around to filling in the blank spots soon, but that said, even while operating on a 3G network, this phone uploads and downloads much more quickly than the former. MUCH more quickly.The screen is so clear that by comparison, the former Droid seems muddy. (It isn't, but COMPARATIVELY, it is.) It isn't a tablet by any means, but if someone is on the fence about investing in a tablet, this might fill the niche. The crisp display is large enough for goofing around or catching up, but the phone itself is surprisingly comfortable for actual phone work. The current trend in the cell industry is to create ever larger phones. This one is large enough without being cumbersome.Between Amazon and the Verizon Market, there are lots of apps for the choosing. It's easy to customize your screen and easy to operate with no discernible lag when sweeping or initiating an app, as used to occur with the 1st gen Droid.The battery? Well, this phone is a heavy user, so for someone who would take advantage of all the phone can do -- including watching movies -- but wouldn't necessarily have a power source readily available, definitely get the Droid Razr MAXX. It's the very same phone, but with more battery power. One way or another, I'm always near a power source, so there wasn't a reason to spend the extra money.Side note: this phone's charging plug inserts into an outlet, then attaches to the phone with a USB/micro-USB cord. The charging plug itself has double input, meaning, while you're charging the phone you can also charge other USB-style electronics via the same outlet. I'm modestly impressed by the thoughtfulness. Thank you, Motorola.I thought the 1st generation Droid was excellent, so improving dramatically on that -- and it is a dramatic upgrade -- makes this phone outstanding.

Loving the Droid Product I was happy to get the Droid Razr soon after I found the battery was almost dead after doing simple tasks. Apparently it has become an issue for everyone as my last update included a "Active Energy Saving program" In order to keep the phone serviceable they feel you must view the screen at 50% brightness and only sych data when your using the phone.I cant wait until my next upgrade .. I will not even sell this phone used its that bad

Got the Motorola RAZR during the Black Friday penny deal on Amazon along with an HTC Rezound for my wife. I was excited to see this phone supposedly amazing industrial build. It looks good but out of the box I figured "this is a bit too big for a smartphone." I usually just put my phone in my pants pockets and this thing is definitely making sitting down an uncomfortable thing to do. But that's fine, I can get used to it if it's a good phone, right?Yikes, where should I start? The screen is dim. It definitely feels like being in one of those cheezy late-night dim chinese restaurants that put your mood low and unenergetic. By contrast, my wife's new HTC Rezound has vibrant color and display, it is so much better to look at. I don't like looking at the screen. It just puts me in a bad mood.Not sure what kind of audio chip they use but the voice call and music audio is horrible. I know Rezound is made for a great music player and my old phone is an iPhone 3G, and they both sounded like a Corvette compared with a Honda Civic (no offense to Civic). People say that can't hear my voice very well over this phone.And then comes the navigation of the software. I've had iphone for several years and I love it. It was easy to use and it just works. I didn't have to read any manual to figure out how to do specific thing as it was very intuitive to use. The RAZR... not so much. The internet browser does not have a back button (figured out after a few hours that you use the hard back button on the phone) and a 5-step process to open and manage windows.And... it crashes on the 3rd day of owning this device. Well it starts back up again after reboot but should I expect this behavior after only 3 days? Can it be reliable over 2 years of ownership? Ay yay...The Droid RAZR fails to give me a good impression on our first date. If I had never had a smartphone before, this would do. Otherwise, I don't feel like taking it out on a 2nd date. It just puts me in a bad mood.---------Update 12/2/11:OK, the more I am using it, the more I HATE it!The virtual keyboard is very inaccurate and extremely hard to use! The screen is huge and the virtual keyboard buttons are large and I don't have big hands but I just cannot type with this keyboard. The touchscreen is too sensitive and the slightest finger movement near the screen activates the button so when I am moving my fingers to type a letter, it already senses the touch on the button next to the intended letter and this happens all the time.I also don't understand how the user interface design was planned. The landscape email editor only manages to show 1 text line when the keyboard is open. With a screen this huge, it is an awful way to present the screen. Since I have to constantly go back to fix the mistyped words, I cannot effectively get to the edited text screen properly because it is squinted too narrowly. It takes me 5 minutes just to send a 3-line email!

I bought this phone after carefully weighing the pros and cons of this device vs. the Iphone4s. It was a close call but I opted for the Razr as it (supposedly) can function as a mobile hotspot and can connect 5 to 8 devices depending on whether you have, respectively, a 3g or 4g connection. The intent was to replace a MiFi device I have and combine everything in one device and one set of charger cords. Seemed like a good plan until I hooked the hotspot up and tried to surf on my Ipad. When functioning as a hotspot, you will be able to access certain websites but not others in a seemingly random fashion. I called Verizon and spoke with someone who eventually shunted me off to Motorola but promised to call me back about a billing adjustment should Motorola not be able to help me. The Motorola tech had no idea what I was talking about until we both logged on to Motorola's own forum where we read through 4-5 webpages of complaints about the same issue. My problem was mirrored in the comments of the folks there who received the same promise - that Motorola was working on it. Well that assertion started over a month ago if you read the forum messages and no one, including me has gotten anywhere yet. It is clear that one hand does not know what the other is doing and when I mention hands, I mean the goddess Kali because Motorola tech support vs. Motorola vs. Verizon vs. Verizon tech support profess to be unaware of ANY issue until you show them the documentation of this issue.I'm not big on conspiracy theories but the forum posters have, like me, been promised action and a response but the reps for both companies tell you they'll respond then go away and don't come back. Perhaps, after a month, both parties have found the the problem is insoluble and something that they shouldn't let get in the way of a multi-million dollar ad campaign. Why else the CIA approach to customer service?The Verizon rep I spoke with assured me that she would call back before 5PM on the day we spoke and I'm sitting here 3 days later waiting for that call. A pretty shoddy way to treat a customer all the way around. I've cancelled my hotspot service as it is useless and unsupported. My phone is within the trial period and may be going back but I haven't decided as it really is a great device. I just have a problem when a business partner gives me the runaround and lies to me.If you're considering the droid Razr and plan on using it as a hotspot, you've been warned. Don't take my word for it, visit the Motorola forum and you'll find what you need to make an informed decision.

First off, I have been an iPhone 3gs and 4 user for the past 3 years with AT&T; service.  I have been an At&T; customer for 14 years.  I do really enjoy the simplicity of the iPhone and the very solid OS.With that said, I took the plunge and bought two Droid Razr's on the Black Friday sell.  Awesome deal, $.01 and free shipping, was very hard to beat.  I had already been to the brick an mortar to do a hands on.  I'm a big guy with big hands, no problem there, however my girl is very petite with small hands.  She loved all the extra features but was a little hesitant about how the phone fit her hands at first.  Now she loves it and refuses to try any other new phones out.This is the phone to switch to if your going to make the big iPhone to Android swap.  I can honestly say that I don't picture us ever going back to the iPhone or iTunes side of things.  Too much to list for the benefits and freedoms we have discovered in such little time.As for the Razr, I am very impressed with the phone.  Love the feel and function of Razr, placement of buttons and ports.  Very clean operating system and processors so far.  Blazing fast touch reaction, browsing, app launch, downloads and more.  The screen looks great and is easy to read text on, despite other reviews.My -1 star is for battery life.  I will say that iPhone does have a longer life in general.  When I add in the larger screen and faster processor, 4g data rates, more acessible sites with flash, and a phone that everyone wants to look at, then the Razr is not far behind.I have made it home every day with 20-50% battery life left.  This includes talking, texting, downloading new apps, playing a few games, reading the news, browsing the web and showing off the phone to the guys at work.Last but not least, let me touch on 4G LTE speeds.  I'm posting an average score of 22.00Mbps Download and 15.00Mbps Upload on Speedtest.net  This is actually faster then my WiFi speeds at home.

Good:*  Beautiful industrial Design*  Nice buttons on side and screen bottom.*  Good reception compared to another in a fringe area.Bad:*  The list of apps that it shipped w/ are awful.  You must go out and replace the timer to get one w/ a stopwatch, the calculator, and many others.*  The calendar client shows you the meeting attendees, and their mail address, and highlights it, but it won't mail them.*  A lot of pesky things still in the android OS, but it's getting better.  It manages memory and cache's much better than an apple.

Having owned a Droid X since the day they became available I have been reading about all the new phones and in particular wanted something with a dual core processor and a decent display and sound quality for both calls and multimedia.  I will consolidate my search for a replacement into a short sentence.  I have ordered, used, and returned seven different phones in search of a replacement.  I have tried both iPhones and a glass phone with a small screen and battery life under seven hours with the 4s killed the deal for me.  I also cannot live with the screen being so friggin small.  The fact that I fell for the same trick twice with Apple is my fault.  The others were Droid X2, Droid 3, Sony Xperia, HTC Thunderbolt, and one other.  The main problem I found was pixelation and short battery life but each also had it's own particulars that I could not live with.  Everytime I would reactivate my Droid X I would realiize just how good the phone was and would wonder will I ever get a phone I am happier with.Well I received my RAZR on monday.  Having said that I am confident that I have finally found an incredible phone that lives up to the expectations or the hype.  The display is fantastic, I have watched a few shows using Netflix and played a few HD games on the phone and the picture is perfect, the processor keeps up, and the sound is great.  I was playing a game that I play regularly on my iPad2 and I was hearing sound effects within the game that I did not know existed within the game.  As for some of the comments about the screen quality at a 45 degree angle I would suggest that if you need to look at your phone screen at a 45 degree angle you should buy a TV.  The battery life is what you would expect from any device with so much under the hood.  Unless you want to walk around with that heavy ridiculus looking extended battery that is needed for the HTC Thunderbolt ten to twelve hours is what you get.  It is good enough for me.  This is the Best phone I have used to date.  I have only scratched the surface as far as the incredible amount of other features but you will not be dissappointed with this phone.  Hey, if not you can always return it and wait for the next it phone.  There is always going to be a better, faster, stronger phone coming down the pipeline, that is how it is with all technology.  Today, this is the Best available phone money can buy....Late Update, early in the week Rhapsody was not working with the RAZR.  When trying to use Rhapsody you were forced into closing the app and could not play any of your music.  Yesterday at about 6 pm eastern time a update became available and now all is well and the quality of the sound for music is fantastic...Good job by Rhapsody for coming up with a quick fix plus a free month of service to those who called to report the problem...I realize it is a bit off subject but felt that anyone that read about the issue might stay away not knowing when a fix would be available...Have a great Day

I have had a Droid for the past three years and just upgraded to this phone. I had my mind and pocket book set on an Iphone this time but after a comparison I went for this phone. I have been enjoying the large screen and great sound for my netflix and music. The speed is outstanding. So far this is what I have been waiting for along time.

I went through THREE of these phones within the two year contract period.  The first phone I bought at Costco imploded and the screen cracked the first time I charged the phone (with the charger and cord that was provided upon purchase as Motorola suggests using ONLY the cord and charger provided).  Thank goodness I bought the phone at Costco, they replaced it on the spot.  After three months, the second phone I sent in on the factory warranty repair/replace plan as it became glitchy and wouldn't work. They sent me back a refurbished phone.  I argued with Motorola, to no avail, that I purchased a NEW phone and now I am receiving a refurbished phone (Seriously???  I do not WANT a phone that someone else took into the bathroom... just EWWW).  Of course they gave me the "it's BETTER than new" BS.  The third phone (the refurbished replacement) fully discharged over night when I forgot to charge it up before going to bed. As humans, we sometimes don't charge our phones.  In the morning I plugged it in - it would not charge.  I left it plugged in for a day.  It wouldn't turn on.  White light of death.  Of course Motorola was kind enough to let me send it in for repair for $159!  (WOW, I can replace it with a used phone for the same price.  Thanks for nothing!!)  I took it to a repair shop - the battery will take a charge, the charging port will take a charge, but something in the phone is not working between the battery and the charging port.  (You should know the good folks over at CPR checked all that without charging me any cash in about 15 minutes as a consultation.  I still have the option of leaving my phone with them for an actual repair.) My b/f had purchased the Samsung Galaxy Nexus at the same time as my initial purchase.  His phone was still going strong (until he ran it over with his car!!  Oops!)  So now I get to endure my old HTC Droid Eris until I can upgrade or outright purchase a used phone (cuz I think want to keep my unlimited data and verizon "loyalty" customers will be bumped to a 6g of data per phone plan for $30).  I will NEVER buy a Motorola phone again.  I highly recommend consumers stay away from these technically garbage phones.  The cool features, HDMI port, and moto specific apps are awesome, but they aren't very awesome now since I can't use them on my old crappy Eris.

I upgarded to a Droid Razr.  Several times over first few weeks (6) phone got real hot.  Thought was strange.  Next failed to work had to go in verizon store and get SIM card reset.  Next phone would not respond.  Went to Verizon store again.  They checked said seemed to be defective they would get me a new phone by Fedex.  Got email saying my "Certifed Like New" phone was on it's way.  I called Customer Service and spoke in length about a "like - New" phone was not acceptable.  They basically said that was too bad that they were sure I'd be satified and in fact it maybe that i'll get shipped a new phone.  Just received "Certified Like New" phone.  Now another trip to Verizon to complain and try to resolve.  First Razr is too new and has bugs.  Second avoid Verizon entirely.  Their warranty and customer service is unacceptable.  They said once I had problems I only had 14 days to return the phone (never told me this at purchase) and then any issues after paying full price they replace the phone with a "Like New Certified"  this is a damn poor warranty.  Stay away from Droid and Verizon.

This is a great phone in most respects.  Nice touch screen (even for fat fingers), good speed and function.However, my major complaint is battery life.  The spec states "up to 8 days in standby".  When I'm working on a job site, that's how I use it, just for a few calls.  The battery only lasts 24 to 36 hours.  Yes I have turned off WiFi and most updates.  The battery information says the main users of power are Android operating system and the cell standby.

I like this phone. I have been using it for a week. It's large and the screen is fantastic. The glass is very easy to keep clean. It seems well made and though it is very light it has a comfortable feel of quality. If you want a small phone, though, don't buy this one. I wanted something larger with a good size screen. And, it does fit in my shirt pocket. The camera too is really excellent. I was surprised by the quality of the photos. The sound quality is terrific too. I got what I wanted.

I bought this phone for my wife back during the Christmas rush.  It was brand new then, so I paid top dollar for it.  While it DID make her eyes light up and was an initial delight, reality has brought the euphoria back down to Earth.  If you want to read all about the doe-eyed, fawning reviews about this phone, you'll need to bring up the other reviews.  I'm going to only cover what are some design flaws with the phone.First Problem:  The thing is absolutely a power pig.  It will not make it through the whole day without suckling from the power charger.  You end up moving the phone from one charger to the next: at home, to one in the car, to another at the office, and keep yet another AC adapter in the glove box for those "just in case" moments when you are visiting a friend or some other place for an extended period of time and the thing starts crying for electrons.  It reminds me of a hungry baby.  You can't just take it out the door with you.  You have to plan ahead and bring along the baby bottles to feed it.Some will say, "Turn off the Blue Tooth."  If you turn off Blue Tooth, then what's the use of bringing it with you?  Especially in the car where you have to use hands free anyways.Second Problem:  Having a Power Pig Phone wouldn't be such a big issue if in fact you could bring along a spare battery so that you could swap out the dead one for a fresh battery.  In their aesthetic wisdom, Motorola's engineers did not provide a way to change the battery out!  How ridiculous is that?  These engineers had to know that the phone is a power pig and yet they chose thinness over practicality.  Your ruse has been uncovered.  Shame on you, Motorola.Third Problem:  Screen Rotation Limitation.  The phone is charged through a micro USB port that is located ON TOP of the phone, instead of the bottom.  The location of the port makes no difference if you are plugging it into the wall using a regular charger.  However, it makes a HUGE, UGLY difference if you are attempting to charge the phone on an iHome dock made for Android phones.  It wouldn't be a big deal if you could turn the phone upside-down.  But NOOO!  From the upright portrait position, the screen will only rotate to the left or to the right into landscape mode.  The screen will not rotate 180 degrees, so that the screen is right side up while the body of the phone is upside down (USB port is pointed down and the precious Motorola and Verizon logos are upside down).  So the long and short of it is that you have a USB cord plugged into the top of the phone, dangling down the back of it, into the iHome dock.  Pretty darn ugly looking.Fourth Problem:  Virus Attacks on Android OS.  Be aware that on top of all the other issues, the Android OS is now the target of many a malware attack.  You don't have to believe me.  Do a Google search on and read about "Android Malware" articles on the web.It works well enough... when it's nursing from the wall.  However, it's a bad phone to choose if you're going off the grid.  It begs the question of why buy wireless when it has to be tethered so much.  You might as well buy a land line phone.  And it is absolutely absurd that the screen will not rotate all the way around.  I've called Motorola's tech support folks and even they are perplexed and unable to explain the rationale for the partial rotation "feature".  Then lastly, the malware issue makes it too much of maintenance problem.  My recommendation... skip it.  Find another manufacturer's interpretation of the Android phone.Or better yet, get the gold standard.  Buy an iPhone.Good Luck!CPT M.

This is my first DROID phone and I am really loving it ... thanks amazon for giving this great price , the ordering process from amazon is really smooth and had NO issues. I received the phone in 1 day .... great job and great phone  .. from Motorola.tip.. if u are about to use internet a lot ...  battery may consume fast so ... buy a extra charger .. that is sold in amazon for 5 bucks ..

I was hesitant in getting into the whole smartphone phase so i thought i would hit the ground running when i went to the verizon store and said "what the best phone in this joint?" The clerk pointed to the droid razr 4G. So i bought it. So far AWESOME. Its crazy fast and does some awesome things that still amaze me. Battery life could use some work lol it lasts all day with moderate to heavy use and begins to die around 7 or 8. So i bought a car charger. Problem solved. It is a but uncomfortable because of the thinness but if you get the otterbox case with it like i did it feels better in the hand.

I&#8217;ll start by saying this phone delivers everything that&#8217;s promised about the technology. I&#8217;ve never had a problem with signal, Bluetooth, performance, speed, or any other listed feature. All around the technology in this phone is pretty great.There are a few issues that go along with the original Razr. First is the screen. While resolution is great, and the screen is clear, the manufacturing process for bonding gorilla glass to the LCD screen creates minor defects in most screens. You can notice lines, specs, or waves in the screen if you display certain colors or images. Mine has 2 faint lines that are easily seen when the screen is green or black. This issues isn&#8217;t terribly difficult to ignore but given the price and the vast competition, when I buy a new product I expect it to be immaculate. Motorolla does not consider this a defect, and even if you get a new phone it will most likely have the same issue. Some users do not notice this at all.Second MAJOR ISSUE is the battery. The life is decent when the battery is new. The phone lasted through the whole work day usually and only needed a charge at night. After about a 1.5 years of use the battery is crap. I&#8217;m lucky if it lasts me 6 hours (with only about 45 min of actual use). I&#8217;ve checked all apps and done resets, and verified android version. This is not a software issue. The battery is just not big enough once it has some mileage on it. To make matters much much worse, the battery CANNOT BE REPLACED without ripping the old one out with a knife and voiding any warranty you may have.Last issue is the Motorolla company. If you get a replacement phone for any defect it will be a refurbished phone, NOT A NEW PHONE. I wanted to get mine replaced for the lines on the screen when I first got it, but after the first 14 days any phone you get will be a pre-broken or damaged phone that has been repaired. While I usually stand by refurbished products, Motorolla does not do a good job. I have had several of their phones, (droid, Droid X, and several old style phones) and have had several replacements for various reasons. I have never, not once, received a replacement phone from Motorolla that is in perfect condition. Usually there are only minor issues such as scratches, or maybe a few dead pixels on the screen. Other times I have gotten replacements with the same problem as the original phone, or worse. This leads to trading out your phone many times, and losing all ability to communicate for as much as 2 weeks while waiting for the replacement.CONCLUSION:If you want this phone spend the extra money and get a Razr Maxx. If you are eyeballing any competitors phone buy that one instead.

the droid razr is a horrible phone and verizon is a horrible disrespctful company i had my droid razr for 3 WEEKS b4 my screen cracked while it was charging and its not the outside screen its inside under my screen.i am very disappointed in verizon for having being told toooooo many times about this issue and not doing anything like fixing the issue and replacing customers phones ive been with verizon for 9 years and i will be switching services! THE DOID RAZR SUCKS!!

Hold the phone in hand and then one will realize that how light and thin it is. Amazing feeling. Beautifully designed UI. Best performance. LTE speed is bonus. 12.5 hrs talk time is one of the best in smart phone category. Will be upgraded to ICS. What else I need?Best phone available in market as of today and for sure for many coming months. (Nexus ICS does not have any release dates yet).I don't care if battery is removable or not. I don't want to take out battery.

I logged on to order the new Motorola DROID RAZR 4G Android Phone for $111.00 but to my utter dismay and disgust--I discovered that Verizon thinks my ten years of loyal patronage should be rewarded by a surcharge of $638.99 over the $111.00 offer.Your offer last week to sell me a $350 broad band device to alleviate dropped calls at my residence made me realize that my business isn't appreciated.Message received loud and clear.  Adios Verizon--Hello Sprint.

Droid Razr replacement now has cracked screen! That's strike two Motorola! If you're all buzzed up on the RAZR's durability hype; think twice before your purchase.  This phone is a total disappointment!While this phone worked great for the first 11 days its already time for a new one.The inner screen mysteriously cracked during a day of very light duty work in the office, rendering the phone useless.

This is the first smartphone I've ever owned. I was locked in a battle choosing between the iPhone and the Razr, but in the end I went with the Razr. What influenced my decision was the large 4.3 inch screen, longer 12.5 hour battery life and the ability to use the faster 4G network. Although the iPhone has Siri, but the Razr can use about 5 or 6 different talking assistant apps of it's own. One of which is ironically called Iris which is Siri spelled backwards. There's another one called Speak To It that's pretty impressive. You can even customize the look and voice of the virtual assistant. So these apps will satisfy those who might envy iPhone's Siri.The Razr is beautiful. It has a very sleek, clean and high tech design. The screen is awesome. It's very detailed and the colors are beautiful. It's very pleasing to look at. The features are great. The phone has all kinds of bells and whistles that I don't even know where to begin. I've had no problems with it. Some have complained about the battery. So far the battery life has held up pretty well. I'm not a heavy user though. There are apps like Juice Defender that automatically adjusts certain settings in the phone to conserve battery life.If you're a power user and you're concerned about the battery life then maybe you might consider waiting for the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx that's supposed to come out in a few months. It's almost exactly identical to the Razr except that it's a little thicker, but the upshot is that the Razr Maxx has got twice the battery life as the Razr. I had no idea about the Razr Maxx and wish that Motorola would've came out with both phones at the same time to allow consumers a choice between the thinner Razr or the thicker Razr Maxx with more battery power, but like I said I'm not really a heavy user and I'm more than happy with the Razr. I think it's awesome and I think you will too. :-)

I bought this phone on 11/11/11 after some serious back-and-forth about waiting for the Rezound and Galaxy Nexus. While I was in the store I was fortunate enough to get to play with the Rezound demo the staff had just received, and I still chose the Razr. And here's why:Screen- the super AMOLED screen on the Razr blew me away. It just looked so sharp compared to the Rezound. I know the resolution on the Rezound is better (720p), but I still felt the Razr screen won.Battery- the Razr has a larger battery (1780 mAH). I went on a road trip this weekend, and even with heavy usage (watching videos, playing games, taking pictures) and switching between wifi, 3g and 4g, the battery lasted me about 6 hours one day and 9 the other (from 100 to 10%). Then today for a "normal" work day of chatting, texting, some video/games, it has lasted me over 12 hours and is only at 20% battery now. Part of the reason are the "smart actions" and processor speeds, discussed below.Processor- this has a 1.2GHz dual-core processor, lower than the 1.5GHz dual-core of the Rezound. However I noticed very little difference between the two phones when switching between apps, and for loading web pages both will be super fast on Verizon's 4G network. Also, the lower processor probably contributes to the longer battery life.Speaker- I was excited by the Rezound's beats audio, but the external speaker is not any more impressive than other phones; the key is the headphones. That being said, the speaker on the Razr is louder, but makes a crackling noise when someone is talking (in video or on speakerphone). This is a huge drawback for me as I use my speakerphone a lot. You can get around it by not using the full volume, but you shouldn't have to do that, imo.Camera- Here the rezound wins, with a better, wide-angle lens, but the Razr's will still capture 1080p video, 8MP pictures, and is perfectly satisfactory for a phone.Smart Actions - this is the coolest feature of the phone! You can set it to pretty much do anything from certain triggers. For instance, when the display is off, at night, it will switch to silent mode. Or when I am connected to my home wireless, it will turn off GPS and 4G data.Some final thoughts: Gorilla Glass and Kevlar backing are a huge plus. Also, this phone is so thin and light! After playing with the Rezound and Razr for a few minutes, I just couldn't put the Razr down, it's weight and screen converted me!

Ok, so this phone is beautiful, light, and pretty easy to use. That being said, the battery life is the worst of any phone I have ever owned. I talk on the thing maybe 10 minutes a day, keep it on standby with the display off, and might listen to 2 or 3 songs. That's it. No video, no bluetooth, no nothing else and the battery won't even last a full 24 hours. I find I'm charging it about every 15 hours, and it takes a full 3 hours to reach a full charge from 10-20%. I am incredibly disappointed as this makes the phone pretty much useless if you are going to be out and about for a full day. I wouldn't recommend buying it.

I like this phone!  Very solid build.  The metal edges have a good feel and are easy to grip, the camera bulge is not too protrusive, it feels very thin and light in the pocket, and it's pleasantly fast in CPU and downloads.  Call quality seems quite good, natural sounding voices, much better in this respect than my previous Droid X.Camera is actually pretty good.  Didn't have great expectations after seeing poor low-light performance in Photon, but this doesn't seem to display the speckle that predominated the Photon.  Multi-shot (six shot) is a nice feature.  Reasonably fast shutter.  Overall pleased.Things I'd change:- The pixelation on the screen is very annoying.  Text is much harder to read than on iPhone.  Fringing is visible on all straight lines.  A white background has diagonal, crisscrossed lines.  In the case of black lines on a white background, some borders have red edges, some blue.  This is presumably due to the alternating RGBG/BGRG pixel pattern. As a result, small text is often illegible.  The screen changes colors off axis, especially past about 45 degrees it shifts everything towards green.  Not nearly as good as Samsung sAMOLED screens in that respect.  So, the display is the biggest letdown on this device.-Battery life is short, expect to recharge every chance you get.  Take it off the charger and read a few news articles and it's down to 70%.  Presumably worse if doing games or video or nav.  Rough estimate is it will last about 3 hours with normal use, and that's with 1780 mAhr.-Power button is placed awkwardly, and is nearly flush with the phone, but the saving grace is that it has a distinctive ridged feel that can be used to find it by running a finger along the edge.Even with these drawbacks, still like it better than other current Android phones, e.g., rate it over the GSII for 540 vs 480 pixel screen resolution and higher quality materials and overall better design.But please, put a decent 720 pixel screen in the next Razr.

I owned the original Motorola Droid for 2 years and never had a problem with it, then when this came out, I saw the sleek screen and thin case and all the cool features. I just HAD to have it! Then I got it home and wanted to play with it. It worked just fine as long as I wasn't trying to use the Internet. 3 out of 4 times that I tried to use the Internet, the phone lost the connection. Also, I paid a little extra to have the hotspot feature enabled and that didn't work at all. My laptop didn't even see it. I turned it in, paid the $35 restock fee and bought the htc rezound. It works fantastic! I'm using the hot spot as I'm typing this and I have a faster connection than what I get from the wireless router that's plugged into my cable modem! If you're considering the razr, go with the rezound and save yourself the $35 restock fee.

I can't begin to tell you how frustrating Motorola has become.  I have a droid x with wifi dropping constantly, and having little to no signal.  I have searched far a low to find a resolution to this to no avail.  On further searching, I have found it not only to be on the droid x, but ALL of Motorola's phones/tablets are having the exact same issue.  Yes even the Razr.  For a fun little experiment, google this string.  Razr wifi issues, Droid x wifi issues, Droid Bionic wifi issues, xoom wifi issues.  Every single one of those strings, you will see a ton of websites of people complaining.  Then do a search for the same thing with, iphone 4s wifi issues, Samsung galaxy nexus wifi issues, or any other phone other than Motorola.  You will find that all of the phones you searched from Motorola have wifi issues yet all of the non Motorola phones have none or maybe 1 result of just a bad phone.  Replacing my droid x 5 times reveals nothing.  They all had the same problem.  It's not my router as all my computers have full strength.  I have tried countless wifi spots and all of them are the exact same.  Low signal and dropping wifi. Motorola won't issue a recall or even admit there is a problem.  On top of this, verizon has tiered there service now, so unless you are grandfather'd in, you have to pay for 3g/4g overage.  Which is why people use their wifi.  Well now you can't even do that.Please Please Please, just do those search strings before buying anything of Motorola's. You will thank yourself in the end.

This phone can do a lot, and could do more if adding apps and games didn't slow it down so darn much. The biggest problem. Is Wi-Fi connecting, and it doesn't matter whose or where. The other devices in my home hook connect to my Wi-Fi just fine, but not the RAZR. Connectivity seems to depend on how strong the phone signal itself is, which in my house is not that great. (Verizon doesn't guarantee good signal inside your house. Ugh.) Why should the phone signal strength matter if I'm using Wi-Fi? Beats me.

It is amazingly thin, I get it!But what's the point? It is too wide and too tall, looks ugly and feels uncomfortable.Update:I did play with the phone in store, it is really too big for a medium size hand, hard to reach all icons by single hand operation. I am one of those who  most of the time use the touch screen phones with one hand, and use my thumb to tap and swipe. Just to remind everyone, your thumb is the shortest finger!The thinness would have been a marvelous achievement if it is not this large. I guess the MOTO engineers squeezed the thickness but had to expand in area. This is not a wise design choice in my view, they went for creating marketing hype and throw out the user ergonomics. It would be interesting to see how the sale volume turns out, the excitement wears off quickly, and there will be lots of returns and exchanges within the first 30days, for HTC Resound or Nexus Prime.I will definitely wait for the other two to come out.

I wish I had read all the reviews here before I bought the phone because a number of users have noted the poor battery life. My Droid was a great phone, could go a couple of days without being charged, but the download speeds were not that great. personally, I think Motorola should have put a better battery in before they marketed this product. I am going to try to get my money back, i have only had it about a week.

I hate this phone. It has a mind of it's own. The touch screen works when IT wants to. It answers phone calls on it's own as well. Just an annoying unreliable piece of junk.

this phone is pretty sweet but there are some things that i would consider small issues the charging plug is on top of the phone so if it is dead and you need to charge it while your talking on the phone its kinda a pain to talk. if you are watching videos and its charging its awkward to hold as well because its right in the middle of the top and then the aux jack is as far right as it could possible be.I would sacrifice some of the thinness for some of the components to be in a more usable area. other than that it is a really good phone its a dual core 1.2g processor which makes the phone really fast to load apps. its 4g lte which i dont really notice on downloading speeds because apps in general arent that large to begin with i am sure if i downloaded larger apps it would make a difference. it has an amloid screen whatever the hell that means but its really clear for videos. it takes videos in 1080p and you can purchase docks and etc for your phone.One thing that sold me on this phone is that my unlimited data plan rolled over and i didn't have to go with the 2 or 4gig data plan.i guess i should compare the phone to something. so compared to my htc incredible its like holding a dinner plate in comparison but its so thin. if i had larger hands it probably wouldn't make a difference so take that with a grain of salt.one thing that i was so excited to get an unlimited data plan is listening to pandora or watching youtube videos which tends to eat data.i hear alot of complaining about the battery life on this phone and welcome to smart phones they all have terrible battery life so at least this one is very user friendly.i think however that it is lacking in preprogramed widgets coming from an htc where there were 10 different main clocks, a calender, calculator, and the task killer isn't that great i ended up not using the factory task killer because it could end all the apps in one push you have to click off all the apps you dont want to run. i really dont like the carbon fiber look on the back it looks kinda tacky i am trying to find ways of covering it up. i wish it was all white instead of the edge being white and then a solid block of carbon fiber sticker.Also another thing in general i would say is i wish that phones werent as wide its cool that it has a 4.3 screen but i think that its kinda pointless especially since it will have to be plugged in at some point if your watching videos. so if i am plugged into the wall i am usually at my house which i can use my laptop so its doesn't make any sense to me but that just my opinion.so prosthin, fast, video capture, dual cameras, video replay is clear,consits wide and charging cable is in a weird location and fake carbon fiber look.... blahhhhhbut an awesome phone

I had this phone for about 13 months and was generally happy with it. One day out of nowhere it just went dead.  At first I thought the battery was empty but I wasn't able to charge it up again. I saw the white LED come on sometimes but it still never turned back on.  I took it to Verizon but they couldn't do anything besides try to reset it.  Since it was out of warranty and I wasn't eligible for an upgrade they would have charged ~$600 to replace it.  I instead switched back to my old flip phone.  Eventually I got around to ordering a new battery for the Razr and installed it following instructions I found online.  This still did not fix the problem.  As a last ditch effort I even connected the phone's battery leads to an external 3.8V power supply but still nothing.In summary...DON'T EVER BUY THIS PHONE, it has some major electrical/battery issues.

While the RAZR does have some flaws, it is overall an excellent phone that I would recommend to anyone.PROS:-Beautiful design-Huge, great looking display-Incredible benchmark performance...no lag here!-LTE performance in Orlando is insane: 30Mbps down /10mbps up!!!-No MOTOBLUR!-Battery life is good, as I am not a "power user". In a 24 hour period, I went from full charge down to 20%. LTE on, WiFi on, GPS off, moderate usage. For about 10 min every hour, I would be either playing games, checking email, or using social media apps.-Some cool accessories like the dock, if that's your thingCONS:-While it CAN be rooted to remove bloatware, the locked bootloader still means no custom ROMS :(  Luckily, custom launchers like LauncherPro or Go Launcher have many features of custom roms, minus the juicy stuff like overclocking-No removable battery. Not that big a deal to me personally, but may be a dealbreaker to some.

nicest phone on the market, fast as all get out, huge hd led screen with tough gorilla glass, will have ice cream sandwich when available but still nice with gingerbread, 8mp hd camera, and much faster than iPhone 4s. all around great performer and top of the line. would recommend to anyone looking for a new smartphone.

I bought this phone since Iphone dropped the ball and didn't go 4g and switched to Verizon because my Verizon Ipad works up at the cottage and my other cell phones, not so much.  I was impressed by it's thinness, although I added a rubber case for protection.4G is new to the area where I live and work, and they don't have all the holes filled in quite strong enough.Data reception is not as good as my Ipad or my wife's Iphone, also from verizon.  Our building may be thick old brick and concrete, the other phones worked and the razr did not.  The screen may say 4G and I would ask it for a web page, it would try a few seconds, the 4G would go out and say No internet connection available.  The sales staff at the Verizon store are all like "4G has got better penitration and we got great coverage downtown" and no they do not.  He even swapped out the entire phone and sim card for me.  He also says maybe it's my Apps.  Really? I know apps can suck down battery life, take up too much processor time or freeze the phone, but "weaken reception"?  The new phone, with only the factory apps, of which there are lots, was no better.Even other places indoors reception was still weak or none.I took a little trip, out of Verizon area, the phone said Extended, must be the new word for roaming, and everyhing worked fine at 3G.  At home in the verizon area, when data network goes down, it is stuck on verizon and I can't do data unless I wind a WiFi zone.  Data was out once a week for the first month I had the phone, and now it has been out for 4 days straight, I think I need to leave.On a good day, in a good spot, it is fast.  Speed test shows 4 to 4.5 Mps, new apps download and install in 2 blinks, my weather animated radar loads faster than it can play. Those days are few and far between.Email was easy to set up to my aol and yahoo accounts, but it can't delete, and my other folders are not there.  That is to say that any emails I read and delete at home or on my Ipad are still on the phone.  It just accumulates them all and the phone must be deleted seperatly. Any new email read on the phone and deleted is still on the servers and shows up on my other devices later.  I do not have this problem with my ipad, my old phone or my wife's verizon phone, just the Razr.  The sales staff could not figure it out, none of them had a razr, and the Bionic, which they said had the same software, does not do it.  My other custom folders also shown up on every other device, not the Razr.Music management was a little tricky that they want you to install mamager programs on your computer and there's a program from Motorola and from Verizon, and which am I supposed to use? Supposedly these programs will transfer on your home wifi or keep your stuff in the cloud, but you need the corrisponding app on your phone, and the app of the exact name doesn't exist.  The main Vcast app is like a monthly paid subscription to also buy music, and to keep stuff in the cloud is also a storage fee, so I skipped the extras and just plug it in.  The music play ok out of the small speaker, it's not supposed to be a boom box, and it hooks up by bluetooth to the car for music and phone.The camera is an improvement over phone cameras that I am used to, it has a pretty strong led lite to illuminate a dark room at least 30 feet, there may be some motion blur, it is hard to hold a light camera still as you are pressing on it.  In good light it takes good pictures, I can even enlarge them a bit before seeing pixels.  Taking it to a bar and shooting a rock band is tough, the stage is crisp but the guys have motion blur.  I can see my led has lit, but obviously shutter speed is too slow.  Video of the rock band is reasonably good for a camera phone.  When the lights would change color the exposure would flare up a little for a few seconds until exposure ajusted to the new color. if someone walked in front of the phone it would flare up again.Sound for videos was mostly ok, considering it is just 1 little hole, and I was standing right in front of the speakers, just to test for overmodulation, and it was just a little distorted.Videos are widescreen and play back on my computer horizontally, so you should be holding the phone that way.The plans suck.  You have to buy a data pack for each and every phone.  Verizon don't know the meaning of family.  And text is a seperate package, for each and every phone.  And by their failed attempt to fee us for credit card convinence, they obviously aren't the type to give us any package deals soon.Insurance is obscene for this phone like 7 bucks a month and still $100 replacement.  It is even worse for Iphone.  I have skipped this option, I have never collected on it previously.Standard return policy is 15 days, but for the Christmas buying season, they have graciously exteded it to January 15.  I have had my doubts early with bad signal at work, but this data abandonment for the past few days has pushed me to the point of returning it.

I love this phone. As someone moving up from an entry level Android, the difference in screen size, resolution, speed and overall coolness from the LG Optimus is palpable. The phone is very elegant, with very good build quality. While ICS is promised, I am mighty pleased with Android 2.3, and will upgrade only after the rest have worked out the glitches. Network and wifi performance are great. But then I am coming from Sprint, and anything feels like an improvement over that.The feature to turn on/off various features based on location is a great help in improving battery life. Nonetheless, you will be charging it every night.Disappointments? Camera is the big one. The photos are not even as sharp as the 3.2 mp on the Optimus. Colors are fuzzy, image grainy and not particularly sharp. Comes loaded with much shovelware from Verizon that I have not been able to delete (yet).Recommendation: great value at Amazon Wireless. On no account pay list price.

I'm known for my lengthy and detailed shopping research prior to making purchases.  Why buy second best, or something you'll later regret?  This is my first Android phone and I couldn't be happier with the performance of the two Razrs I bought for 2 cents.  I did alot of comparisons of the specs of Verizon phones, visted the Verizon store and had hands-on for 45 minutes with the Razr and the HTC Rezound.  My wife and I both chose Razrs.  The HTC Rezound was good, but we both preferred the style and feel of the Razr which clearly appeared to be made of better quality materials.  The screen comparison was that the Rezound looked a little better than the Razr's screen when viewed straight away, but not so good at slight angles.  The Razr screen looked pretty good at all angles.  Call quality the Razr was excellent, the Rezound sounded a bit muffled or distant on the receieving end of the call.  Neither of us really cared about the Beats Audio included on the Rezound, so that wasn't a factor for us, but if it were call quality would have ranked higher than Beats Audio.  I have been using the Razr quite heavily uploading and trying various apps, google video chat, navigation, texting, calling, watching videos, surfing...etc.  Heavy use I ran down to 15% charge in about 5 hours.  The Razr has a Motorola Smart Actions app that allows you to set quite a few automatic power saving features based on your location or the times of day which is quite helpful in conserving battery power.  I also bought a nifty New Trent 5000 AMH battery pack/charger that's portable, it's smaller than the Razr, and lets you recharge the phone 3 times before it requires a recharge itself.  I was concerned about not having a removable battery, but a hard reboot is quite easy to perform on the Razr should you ever need to, so the removable battery is not an issue for me any longer as I have had other cell phone batteries last 5 years.So my non-techy review is 1) Overall Screen - Razr Wins because it was clear from all angles and better in direct sunlight, even though the Rezound screen was better straight away, not so good even from slight angles.  2) Music - Rezound Wins easily with Beats Audio. 3) User Interface and Apps - Tie.  3)Camera and Video Recorder - Tie.  4) Build Quality - Razr wins.  5) Call Quality - Razr Wins.  6) Processors - Both were equally fast. 7) Kool Factor - Razr Wins.  Again, this is a non-techy review by someone who just wanted a solid device, and according to other reviews on this site, and many other sites, the Razr's a pretty good phone.I had been waiting and drooling over the release of the Galaxy Nexus, but the Razr has a good Gorilla Glass screen, a better camera, HDMI and Assisted GPS, Kevlar back and is water resistant when comparing to the Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  The Nexus will have a better screen, but the NFC on the Nexus is still a ways from real functionality on main street, Samsung has also had quality issues, and ICS will probably have some initial bugs, as well as the fact that you will not pick up a Nexus for 1 cent.  I realized that I wasn't really waiting for the Samsung phone, I was waiting for ICS which the Razr will receive in form of an update in the next 4-6 months.  So basically, got my ICS phone for 1 cent. Thank you Amazon!

This phone is just fantastic! Don't pay any attention to the many comments that have nothing to do with the phone such as complaints about pricing, verizon customer loyalty, and other comments that make no mention of the Razr itself. This phone feels great in the hand, super fast, perfect weight, awesome display, and a great speaker. I had the Bionic, and while it was a "good" phone, it doesn't compare to the Razr. I got rid of the Bionic and got this and I'm more than happy with it. Way to go Motorola!

The one resounding theme to the majority of these reviews has to do with the lopsided, unfair, deceptive pricing Amazon Wireless marketed yesterday.  First, for those of you who feel that those reviews that complain about the pricing don't belong amongst other device reviews or that those users, who felt passionate enough to express their feelings, should stop their whining, I'd like you to take a step back and re-think what you said.  Price is just as important to the Droid Razr review as is the ergonomic feel of the device in a user's hand (s), as is, the shutter lag of the camera and the brightness of the screen, etc.  In addition, the retailer; in this case Amazon Wireless and the service provider; Verizon and their participation and involvement in the marketing, promotion and pricing structures related to the sale of the device are all certainly part of the overall consumer experience during the sales process and should absolutely be included in a user review if it impacts that user's overall experience with the device being reviewed.Now a word for the wise or in this case, the not so wise (Amazon Wireless and Verizon).  I am a 25+ year media sales & sales marketing veteran and I have to tell you that your most important clients are the ones you already have and that making them happy should be your number one priority as they (we) are your most consistent and guaranteed source of revenue annually.  I will go on and add that the annual cost for keeping an existing customer is significantly less than the cost of acquiring a new customer.  Now with that said, acquiring new users is also important to the growth of any business and I am confident when I say, we all get that.  However, the acquisition of a new user should never come at the expense of alienating and possibly losing an existing client(s). And based on the reviews here, it seems Amazon could have sold 10 X more Droid Razrs and Verizon could have locked up some good loyal customers for another two years minimum and all they had to do was treat their existing clients with the same respect they offered potential new clients.  Now I don't know the math, what the net +/- is when selling the Droid Razr for the $111.11 is, but I would bet that in the long run, the $118.00 Amazon wireless and or Verizon would lose out on by offering existing customers the same price as new clients is nothing compared to the lost revenue associated with the loss of existing, loyal customers.

When I first got the phone March 2012, it was amazing. Best thing I ever bought. Now that its gettin closer to my upgrade date, which is 4 months away, the phone will barely charge. The battery doesnt last as long as it did when I  first got it. Its a nightmare. I'm being a real cheapskate by waiting until my upgrade date but I refuse to pay a whole bunch of money just to replace this piece of crap. Bottom line, dont buy the Droid Razr unless you plan on switching it that following year. Its not worth the money.

I "upgraded" to the Razr from my DroidX based on the promise of better battery life, etc. WRONG! Battery life is acceptable only as long as it is used in the phone mode only--activating data or wifi modes sucks the battery down within a few hours. Also, reception in fringe areas is much, much worse than the DroidX. I've experienced numerous dropped calls in areas where I had no dropped calls with the Droidx (exact same location, on a mountain top with line-of-sight distance to cell towers of 17 miles). Also, signal reception varies to the extent that it receives no signal at all (can't even place a call)for awhile, then later on the phone shows 3 or 4 bars and calls are no problem. Compared to other cell phones in the same location, the razr has very poor reception. If you plan on spending all your time in the city with lots of cell towers close by, the phone is fine. Rural or fringe areas, forget it. I had much better service with my old Droidx.

This is my 5th Android phone since the os has been intruduced.  I did own a bionic that I returned for the razr.  The bionic was losing its signal all the time resulting with me having to restart the phone.  The razr is wonderful and the best phone I've ever owned.  Its a great design and light weight.  The only issue is that the batteries are internal and the phone has to be charged via car or wall charger.  Before with my Driod x and x2 I had 10 batteries and always carried them around with me.  4g network seems to be available and allows me to surf the web at super fast speeds.  Keep in mind that Android 4.0 will be available early next year, my understanding is that the razr will be one of the first phones by Verizon eligible to be upgraded to be upgrade to Ice cream sandwich (I love saying that...silly as it may be). This is a huge upgrade from my driod x and I would recommend this phone to all my friends and family.

I have only had this for a day, so I'll add to this if any major glitches show up, but right now its the best thing since sliced bread.  The screen is amazing.  Bright, crisp, and big!  The camera seems awesome.  I love that it has several shooting modes and fast shutter speed.  The sport shot is super quick.  Panorama mode doesn't require any button pushes after the first frame.  Stitches seemlessly.  As you can tell, the camera was very important to me.  Sound seems good on the speakers.  The screen is so awesome.  Can't stop talking about it.  So think, so light, yet feels great in the hand.  I'll add more after I have played some games and tested out the rest of the speed and call quality over the next several days.  Bummer for me, I preordered and paid full price from Verizon.

The 11/11/11 deal is for new customers only.  Would have upgraded, but will not.  I wish the promo on the deal hadn't gotten my hopes up for a good phone at a great price.

This is is an excellent phone. Fast, beautiful screen, smart actions, superb hardware, and many more. The overall design is amazing. I am coming from Iphone 3,3GS, and 4. We also have Iphone 4S. This beats down Iphone 4s easily on all aspects except for camera. RAZR camera is fine, but Iphone 4s has abetter camera.

Droid Razr's battery is something that I never seen before. Drops down to 20% every two-three hours. Phone starts getting on my nerves because of this and I'm really unhappy yet in a second week of using it, even though I'm a big fun of Motorola in general.

New verizon customer for a week now, coming off at&t; iphone 1st gen.Bought it on the release date but see it now for 1 cent. If SGN is also 1 cent or if money not an issue, go with the SGN. Otherwise forget the hype and jump on this. ICS is set for a January release on this phone, and everyone knows that it's always the software and not the hardware. That gives google one month to work out any bugs on ICS when it comes out.Pros:- Temporarily the price!- Like the design all around, best out there so far (kevlar feels smooth and adds a great aesthectic look, quality construction throughout).- Smart Actions app is working out as intended and very intuitive.- Motorola Music app (same opinion as above)- The display/screen is bigger than most, and the quality it puts out is an 8 out of 10 (rather give it a score), not as good as an iPhone 4S/HTC Rezound (9 out of 10).- Call quality is clear and havent had a dropped call yet, full bars or less 1 everywhere i go.- Speaker is loud, although it gets fuzzy if cranked up to the max (no issues with the phone jack and music sounds great).- 4glte is crazy fast, no issues with connection.Cons:- The price when it goes back up.- Battery would last the day but down to 10% and i would consider myself a medium user. (some games which average about 40 min or so on the train, 7 calls a day, a little fussing around with the apps and email checked 2 twice, currently have the screen at about 80% brightness).- A little wide, probably most users like myself, wont be able to make a call with 1 hand.Something that doesnt feel like a Pro or a Con:- Camera takes good pictures but color is not as vivid as I would like. Front and Back.Summary: If i had to do it again, I would.11/26/2011 Postscript: I turned off the GPS and 4glte at home and the battery was only down to 40%. I played about an hour this time of gaming (Defender and Gun Bros) and some wifi streamed video of maybe 45mins or so (Fate Zero.. awesome anime). A few calls, maybe 15 mins talk time total, more fussing around with the apps and emails, screen still at 80% brightness. Guess I can live with that.

I love the phone but the battery life is WAY to short i charged my phone over night and i got less then 2 hours of use. Now its time to charge it again and in the afternoon again. this phone is not worth the money
