
I was using iPhone3g for .  It is time for me to get a new phone.  I renewed the 2 years contact and got myself an iPhone 4s.  For me, comparing the iphone 4s with my old 3g, it runs a lot faster, has 8MP camera, and Siri, etc.  Other than that, it is nothing new to me.  Then I heard about the Samsung Galaxy Note.  I went to Bestbuy to check it out.  Then after I watch 2 youtube videos that compare iPhone 4s with Galaxy Note. I paid the $60 restocking fee and got myself a Galaxy Note.VideosSearch youtube "Galaxy note vs iphone 4s dogfight part 1"Search youtube "Galaxy note vs iphone 4s dogfight part 2"I have been using it for 2 weeks.  I am so happy for my decision.  The Galaxy Note is awesome.  I got myself a white case with see through hard plastic in the back that show the Samsung Galaxy Note logo.  It looks so stylish and it also comes with screen protector as well for only $15.http://www.amazon.com/Product-Anti-Glare-Screen-Protector-Samsung/dp/B007EN03K8/ref=sr_1_1?s=wireless&ie;=UTF8&qid;=1332546525&sr;=1-1But there are some of the things that I don't like.- The phone doesn't support visual voicemail.  Even I download visual voicemail program from the xda forum. It doesn't work with the Galaxy Note.- The battery doesn't last very long.  I would say about 5 hours normal use (email, facebook, phone calls, and some web browsing).- After you finished the call, you have to press the power button to make the screen come back on to end the call.  Unlike iPhone, the second you take the phone off your ear, the screen come on right away.- If you are into mobile games, iphone has more games offer than Android. (Street fighter, Cooking mama, infinite blade, etc)- Email,  if you are in All mailbox view, you cannot move an email to another folder unless you have to go to that mailbox to do it.  The move to folder option just grey out if you are in All mailbox view.- The screen is hard to see under the sun.If you have the Galaxy Note, make sure you donwload the Dolphin Browser HD.  It works excellent on Galaxy Note.  DO NOT BUY the Zagg invisible shield.  The Zagg screen protectors are the soft almost gel like type.  The stylus leaves lines and dots in the screen protector.  It ended up having trails on the screen.  It looks terrible under the sun.  I wasted $20 and had to take it off after a week.

I wanted to state how happy I am with this new phone, I do own an iPhone 4S and iPad 2 and for the first time last night in months, I did not bring my iPad 2 to the living room to consume my nightly tech news. I used the Samsung Galaxy Note N7000 and am quite please. Not sure that I may keep my iPad 2 now. I am sure not eager to go get the iPad 3 when it arrives next month. Can not wait for the ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich) OS update. But it is perfect as it is now.The only thing I wish it had, was NFC, but understand it may come as another battery. Not really sure about that rumor.This is a must have, you will not be sorry.

This phone is the best smartphone in the world.I like it because it is a tablet and a phone at the same time, the best resolution and size is great,the processor unsurpassed.recommend this phone, I give 100%.Hector MejiaHONDURAS

I've been using this phone for a month. This is my first smart phone. It got freeze one time that I had to take out the battery and restart it. Updated to ICS with no problem so far. Back cover was so thin that I was so afraid I might break it. Play one hour movie and the battery was so hot(is that normal?). If I don't browse, battery life could last 2 days for me. Front camera is not that good for taking pictures. Size can't fit in the pocket. Lucky I'm a lady with purse.

Home Button does not work properly. I have to press it very hard. I returned it back. I was wondering &#34;It is really a brand new phone?&#34;

Phone arrived and worked like new. No problems experienced. I like the larger size of the NOTE.  It provides a way to have a device that truly is both a phone and a tablet.

I got a Note in white. Took it to T-Mobile only to find out that the SIM card slot had a "leg" missing. Back it went.Reordered it, and now it freezes, to unfreeze it I take the battery out. it takes a long time time to "wake up", battery feels really warm, almost hot, have to wait for a long time for the system to finish scanning the media card, so if I am in a hurry to make a phone call, well, no luck there. I like the phone a lot, but it is more trouble than is worth (to me). So I am afraid this unit will go back too.

The screen is almost too big when you first put it in your hands and start playing with it but that goes away in the first week. Now I'm so used to big phones that I couldn't imagine going back to something under 5 inches! This comes with Gingerbread however which is known to be a battery hog. If you buy this I recommend rooting your phone and flashing Jellybean on to it.

I bough this phone for about 2 weeks now...love what it can do for me, but a little disappointed! I thought the phone said 3G and 4G capability? However, I cannot get it to pick up 4G? Through AT&T or even tmobil .... Cannot access the sim toolkit at all....am I doing something wrong? I even when to AT&T and ask for a 4G sim card...

Is a nice phone for the price. The one bad thing about it is that there are only two carriers that will service unlocked phones and the signal strength is not as good as you would get from the phones each of the carriers provide, no matter how much you are willing to pay.

I understand why apple went after samsung. I used the iphone before, this is  the fun well design feature phone money can buy.I think the size is perfect may be to big for some but if you something between a tablet and a phone to get out the door, this is it. you don't need a 3g tablet and a smart phone at the same time. again this is it.

I am planning on purchasing this wonderful smartphone but i need to make sure if it is gonna work with GSM and HDPSA networks.Does this version support GSM and HDPSA networks ?

I received this item on time and was in good order.Will purchase again in near future.Thank you very much.David PoundSan Francisdco

I love this phone.  It has all the features I want and a large screen to easily view all pages.  I was carrying two devices (phone and tablet) and now only have to carry one to solve all my needs.

Phone looks big but you easily get used to it. I was tired of carrying an Smartphone + Tablet + Notebook. THis can serve as a Phone and a tablet for 90% of the cases.

I couldnt wait to get this phone! I live in Ontario, Canada, and we didnt have any Galaxy notes that were white, let alone the international version. I wanted one so bad, I ordered it from WorldWide Distributors. It came in after a couple days. I was charged 80$ Import duties, so the total of the phone was about 670$. Which is still cheaper then in Canada. Ive had the phone for about 1 month now. Everything is working great! Its the best device Ive owned so far! The S pen is a fantastic feature! You can do SO much with it. If your contemplating getting this phone, theres no hesitation needed, just buy it. You definalty wont regret it!

I have previously been a iPhone 4 user. Then when this phone came out, i decided to get it. It has a much better screen than the iPhone 4 and near as 3 times as big as the iPhone. Although, there are some down sides of owning the Galaxy Note, like the big size so its a burden to put in your pocket. Thats the only issue i have with this phone. Overall, its the best phone ive ever used

I finally decided to give android a try with the Samsung Note. I lost my Iphone 4S while traveling and needed a phone in a hurry and could not wait a few more months for the next generation of the Iphone to come out. So after much research, I decided on the Note. Both my wife and I love this device. The phone is not too big where it presents an inconvenience. The larger screen is definitely a plus!I paid $555 for it on Amazon and consider it a value. No long term contract with my carrier and a $20 micro sim card expanded my data storage another 32G's.The camera and video quality is amazing. I can take a photo of a document and read everything clearly. This saves me a lot of time as it eliminated the need to scan everything. Also the Allshare app connected immediately to my Samsung Smart TV, allowing me to play everything on my phone without the need to transfer any files. The quality once again is amazing. You have to see it to believe it. A real big plus here too.I did go through a few hours of frustration setting up the phone but it was mainly due to my unfamiliarity with Android. After a day of playing around with it, I'm very comfortable and having a lot of fun with its many functionality. Too many to mention in this review. Stylistically, the Iphone is prettier in its user interface but functionality wise the Note has much more to offer.I purchased the unlocked version and had to configure the APN setting to connect to the ATT network. Pretty easy to set up once you know what to fill in. See below, this will save you hours searching for it on the web.Name: ATTAPN: wap.CingularProxy: (left blank)Port: (left blank)Username: (left blank)Password: (left blank)Server: (left blank)MMSC:[...]MMS Proxy: wireless.Cingular.comMMS Port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: noneAPN type: internet + mmsI used every generation of the Iphone to date and can say that other than the few hours of getting familiar with the device, I do not miss the Iphone at all. The Samsung Note is not only a comparable alternative but a BETTER device for me. Samsung really hit a home run with this device. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new smartphone. I see many Apple customers converting as I did unless they come up with something great for the Iphone 5 (or whatever they decide to call it).I would give it 5 Stars if Android Gingerbread had a better user interface. Stylistically, it still lacks behind Apple. Apple is still the king when it comes to style and seamless user experience........but i still prefer the many more functionality options I have with Android. So there.

this is just great! the size is perfecto for me! it fits on my jeans... you will love the size of this screen, procesor, memory, storage everything is great... only thing i would improve is battery life but this is common to all smartphone this has better battery life than galaxy s2 because it has a bigger battery! it is running ICS and im waiting for jelly bean!

This phone is amazing!. Blows away any competition. Now if you never held one in your hands I will admit its a big phone.I never held one myself but I was expecting it to be HUGE. Its actually not as big as your read around the forums and comments people leave about it. Surprisingly thin even when compared to its size as well. Anyone who is having doubts about the phone should just go ahead and order it. You will not regret it!

Bought this earlier this week from BB after trading in my Iphone 4. Also got a 50 dollar gift card for buying it from them so plus 2. Was tired of the small size of the Iphone and had one since release. It was time to move on to something better and was tired of waiting for the Iphone 5 that wont come until Fall now. All I can say is wow, and what other people say when they first see it. Already tell a huge difference in the vividness and clarity of the screen, the speed of AT&T's HSPA+ (almost 4G) here locally. The speed of the device hands down faster than the Iphone 4. Its icredibly thin and lite for its sheer size. Completely dwarfs my Iphone with screen size alone. Bought a gal case at the local AT&T store and paid way too much but needed protection other than from just insurance. Wasnt happy with the 40 dollar case so I ordered one from Amazon for 3 bucks and couldnt be happier, yeh 3 bucks look them up! The stylus is nice to have but havent used it much yet. I get about 13-15 hours on a charge with regular use, without wifi on, bluetooth or gps that is. Brightness all the way up. The videos look like 1080p like watching my 120hz led samsung tvs at home Im not kidding. Accepts MP4 format for videos. Watching movies on it I'm in awe. And 1080p you tube videos have to be seen to be believed. Email easy to set up once you get past Gmail account which you need to access the android market. Happy I got the white after years with a black iphone. I am able most of the time to use it one handed but not that easy takes practive I have normal male hands not huge. Overall so far the best phone Ive had. I had the Dell Streak when it released in 2010 but it was too glitchy and slow this blows that away.

The phone was in excellent condition.  It was truly "Like New"  I totally love this phone.  I never had a phone I truly loved. Fast shipping, a smooth transaction.  Ordered before Thanksgiving and feel blessed with the price.  The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because it came with an overseas ac charger.  Between Amazon and the vendor it was quite easy to fix.

Absolutely the BEST choice for any actual mobile/smartphone/tablet. I've already acquired in the last 2 years, IPhone 4S, Nokia N9, Galaxy Tab 7 and Galaxy S2 (I am a gadgetaholic) but ANY ONE is close to this fantastic launch. I selected a white version because this is AWESOME, like a white horse or a white dog, always on top.Battery is about 12hours with wifi, bluetooth, gps and music on. Amoled screen 5.3in are very pleasure to see videos and work with fingers (I have big ones so its nice) and the pen is something unbelievable, never seen before a feasible pen on smartphone. Reccommend to all that want a tablet, and also a smartphone, and, if possible, a mobile. Galaxy Note is ALL.

This is a really good phone. I am very happy to have it. It is really useful. Lot of time I use this one as a replacement of my laptop.

I'm loving my Galaxy Note. Best shop at all. Fits perfect in my jeans pocket. Its a little dificult to use with on hand. But its possible to get used. The processor its very powerful. I run skype on it and never crashed.Great acquisition.

the product description does not spell out that this phone comes from Germany and may not be fully compatible w/US carriers; I had a Verizon contract that I broke and paid a hefty penalty because I wanted to use this unlocked phone (nothing in the product review warned about possible incompatibility) -- just had the phone ported to ATT; paid activating fee, prorated charges, a monthly fee that is $30 > than I paid @ Verizon-- total $110/mo-- no matter, I wanted to use the phone, and I particularly liked the fact that it was unlocked and I would not have a 2 yr contract; So... the ATT folks changed the language feature from German to English, no problem; powered up the phone, ported my number;--- talk capability and texting capability worked--but data did not; they changed the serial number on the phone to trick the system to accepting it; they manually input the APN numbers, got internet--- but couldn't access marketplace--- so no access to apps; I am not as tech savvy as other posters here but my expectation was I would take the unlocked phone I bought to ATT and they would activate it so I could use it... not so.the salesman and the manager @ the ATT store tried to correct the bugs for hours; although they noted that the white German phone I bought is a much better piece of hardware than the one ATT offers, that it little comfort if one cannot use it effortlessly nor easily use it to its full capability

the phone arrived 4 days earlier than expected, really good service, phone is awesome too,excellent buy if you dont mind the size....

I like the Samsung Galaxy Note. really nice display, gives the user a totally new feeling while reading email, browsing the internet or just to look for contacts, calendar, etc etc. It lies very good in the hand. the sound is great as well the graphics and display in general.The battery life last very long, had no problem so far. The price compared to other smart phones is great. You get lot more for a better price . This phone is  the one which really makes tablet pc's and cell phones a unit. I can recommend this cell phone without any doubts!

I received this phone and was excited about having it.  I spent well over $600 for it and when I first used it I found that the SPen was not sensitive at all to the phone screen taps and swipes.  I contacted Amazon about this issue, they gave me a $34 credit since the pen was not something that can be replaced on its own.  Well, not through them.  This was about 2 weeks into owning the phone.  They gave me the option to return the phone, but I wanted to keep it since I figured the issue was something that could be taken care of with the ICS update that was coming out.  It was supposed to have been out in the first quarter, but No, Samsung decided to hold it for the 2nd Quarter, which in turn SCREWED ME.  Yes that's right, SCREWED ME, since now, I have come to notice that the Camera is very sensitive to Fluorescent Lights and shows BAR's scrolling across the screen.  I am hoping that my support requests from Samsung will be answered.  If not, it will become a very expensive music player!

Late review, but I got this in June for my boyfriend's graduation and birthday present. Came on time, I guess. No scratches on it. Operates just fine. But I guess it was already opened by someone else because the sticker that connects the top and bottom box of the phone is torn :/

Really good phone worked great I struggled a bit with the Sim card but after I wiped it with some alcohol swab it worked just fine great product will buy it again

this mobile was mind blowing, i never used a smartphone with a beautiful 5.3" screen. The only thing is that its huge, and you can't use this mobile with one hand!

I don't usually write reviews.... but for this I MUST..... its the best phone on the market... Hand Down...... I upgraded from my Samsung Galaxy S2 and this phone blew me completely out the waters..... features galore... fast smooth operations.... its just the best....... my friend go crazy...... Thanks Samsung for another marvelous product........

I use Sprint, and really, REALLY want this phone. But will it work on Sprint's network??I figured I could get the unlocked international version and activate it on Sprint

I can't seem to put it down, its so cool to hold, surf, learn, dress it up, etc... I'm a TechnoHippie that loves the coolest devices but it also must make my life easier when it can turn 3 devices into one as this baby has!! Getting it unlock puts me right where i want to be and thats being FREE from CONTRACTS! Became tired of smaller and smaller cell phones i had to wonder if it were still on me, for this Baby lets me know its on me bc it gives more than any device out there, i think, since its also a Tablet, Hotspot, Personal Assistant, Art Teacher, PHONE, MP4 Player, HDMI, USB, NETFLIX, etc....Found this cool quote at a TMOBILE Site,,"I ABSOLUTLEY LOVE THIS PHONE. DOES EVERYTHING. PEOPLE WHO SAY ITS TOO BIG ARE TOO SMALL FOR IT"Being a slim but tall female, that person was so right!! I love the LARGE size of this device since it too is slim but fits snug n a long slinky hand like mine. The speakers and earbuds are also awesome, imma use the earbuds (many sizes) on my new IPod Touch since APPLE's earbuds aren't for me. The KEYBOARD is what i have been dreaming about for everything i need. Haven't gotten the SIM card yet but can still hook HIM,(yes, him) up to Wi-Fi until i do. It's right here next to me like a New Puppy as i type this review. Couldnt be happier i sent back my MiFi, Kindle Fire and Samsung Exhibit 11 and use the $ to get this AWESOME Toy instead.A Seller with Integrity is what we have here, as well, said it would arrive on the 18th, got it a day after Valentine's Day!

I love it!! It's exactly what I wanted.  Hopefully there will be no glitches in the future, but it's currently working well. :) Came with everything, even included a case!

This phone is the best i ever had to date. It has exceeded all my expectations and i am very happy with my purchase.

I ordered my Galaxy and recieved it next day.  First, thank you to everyone who wrote reviews,  I knew  I wanted the phone, but your reviews helped me "seal the deal".  Ordering the international version is highly reccomended since your phone is unlocked, leaving you with more options, and an overall more valuable phone.  Now on to the phone itself.The Galaxy Note is LIGHT, compared to my iPhone 4S (sold on Ebay), there isn't much of a difference between both phones in regards to heaviness.  This helps much since the is relatively wide for a smartphone.  I would advise one to stand over a plush rug and practice using the phone as you ordinarily would use it.  I even played a few tricks to adjust my hands to holding the new device.  The dual processors work amazingly well, I haven't experienced lag time when opening apps, or changing screens.  Also, Android OS hasn't crashed at all, a first for all Android devices I've owned.  This definitely isn't a phone for everyone.  For me it's perfect since I use my cell phone more for data related tasks, rather than calling.  Since I dread holding cell phones to my ear I always use a wired headset.  I can't say that the phone is too big, it's actually just right.  Lastly, it's a head-turner!  I shut down the AT&T; store when I went to acquire a new SIM card.  Everyone wanted to hold it.  The phone will be perfect once the ICS upgrade comes around.  I typically get bored with my gadgets, but this is one that has the functionality and portability to keep me happy until the Galaxy Note 2 appears next year.

The Galaxy Note is an amazing device. I was unsure when read some of reviews re bigger size. When I received this phone, I loved it immediately. The size is certainly bigger than my previous phone, Galaxy Nexus ( which is a very amazing phone as well) I got the Note because I wanted a phone, tablet etc in one device and this DOES IT ALL. Folks, I have also had every iPhone out there and, sorry Apple, you,have lost my business to the Galaxy family. Way ahead of iphone in every way. BIGGER, FASTER, STRONGER. If you are looking for a device that can replace everything else, THIS IS IT. I purchased an unlocked version because of my travel needs and it was pricey but very much worth it for me. If you are looking at it, get it now. Very slick in all ways. The S-pen and S -memo are very usefull too. Not just a toy feature. Only negative that I have and have also heard is the surface camera lens. Could have been better designed but lets face it, when was last time you had a phone without a protective skin. I put a $6.00 gel cover and no more worries.Thanks Samsung for,developing this great device. And yes, I still call it a PHONE.

Great phone, however the charger was a little hot when I first charged it so after contacting amazon I got a partial refund of to purchase a new charger. Phone does not support arabic but can be easily installed by rooting the phone (watch youtube videos).

Great product.. Love that its unlocked so I can take it to any company I want . Great big screen and the spen is so accurate I can take notes or draw when ever I like in wonderful detail... Don't miss out grab a international galaxy note soon.

Bought it 2 years ago, when it was fresh and new. Still get a lot of comments like &#34;Is that a phone!?&#34; yes; &#34;how do you talk on that phone?&#34; just like you do with your phone; &#34;oh mini tablet??&#34; no; &#34;what are you doing with your phoblet?&#34; it's a phone!!! yes, very entertaining. Surprisingly functioning well. I only use few apps -- maps, 5 SNSs, shopping, e-mail, camera, S planner. oh, radios.One at a time, maximum like 5 apps at the same time. Worked perfectly fine even with 800mb ram (ver 4.1.2.), but I do admit that I'm not the apps users, and the ram still uses up to 750mb with me. My only complaints is about ram memory. and the only reason i'd get another phone is for the ram memory. Battery life, after 2 years, got short, would run out in half a day with less use, 4-5 hrs with constant use. any old battery, though, needs replacement eventually, right? Other than those two, I love it. It opens most of the websites, reads most of documents, writes well, and camera is pretty awesome -- takes longer to snapshot compared to up-to-date phones though. can't be helped! it's only zero point something seconds late. probably.

Hey I am satisfied with my phone, even if the seal is broken on the box, what can you do, your getting the phone at a decent price. I am happy and the delivery came fast than before the estimated time. Thank You very much guys would recommend to buy products from the buyer. Can't wait to play with the phone,

Great perfomance even with prepaid service.I am a perfume distributor so with this device I am not longer using my tablet to see a perfect picture or description.Also selling online is a great experience.5 Star. And I mean it.

Super phone! I love it!I purchase this phone 1 month ago. Very simple to use, very well organizer, big phone memory and it's WHITE!!!

I have been using the Galaxy Note for about 4 months now and it is without question one of the best phones I have ever owned.  That being said, I will not type anymore words extolling its greatness as there are many positive reviews already written that cover anything I could say.I will take this time to write about two glaring omissions that would have made this the creme de la creme of Android phones.1 - The speaker phone is abysmalYou would think with phone this big they would have the space to put a good speaker or god forbid even stereo speakers in this bad boy, but no.  The speaker is barely audible in the car unless you place it right next to your ear, music playback is quite lame, podcasts are just tolerable.2 - No LED indicator lightWhy oh why can I not look across the room and see an indication of whether I have missed a call or received a text message, why in 2012 do they make a 700.00 phone without a simple LED alert light, this in my opinion is an inexcusable omission.So, other than those two issues it is a great phone.  I just wanted to warn potential buyers so they know up front about these issues.

This is just the BEST wireless handset out there.The screen is big and gorgeous. Bright and vivid color. 5.3" of pure visual honey.The stylus is handy.It is speedy and smooth. Apps launch fast and moving between screens is fluid.The 2500 mAh battery is high capacity and lasts all day.Once you have this "phablet" phone there is no going back to smaller screens.Audio quality is quite good through the built-in speakers and the earpiece.Highly recommended !

This product is very good. Everyone knows about excellence of Samsung galaxy note.I wanted to buy a 4G smartphone. I looked at description, and there was 'LTE'.I ordered and give it to my friend, but she said that it's not a 4G phone.If Amazon.com didn't apolozied about this, I would put 1 star on this review.Don't trust description when you buy expensive ones.Check it clearly with the name of model.Fortunately, my friend will use 3G service continually, so I didn't return this phone.Anyway, my friend loves this phone.

My white Galaxy Note N7000 was supplied by "TRD-Trading GMBH" (a German company) from Amazon stock. Shipped Amazon Prime. The factory seal was intact, and it had a European USB power supply and adaptor (its just a 5V 1Amp supply, easily replaced by better adapters in my travel kit). It booted into German language with easy instructions to switch to English.The phone had the latest ROM installed, KL7, and I was offered an immediate online upgrade to LA4 via Android's updating service. That worked well. But neither KL7 or LA4 can be rooted easily, and I had to use ODIN to install KJ7, root it using the XDA method, install CWM, and then Mobile-Odin to upgrade to LA4 again with the XDA images, retaining root and CWM. If you don't know what I am talking about, then you need to ignore this paragraph altogether :)Everything works just perfectly. I am 100% happy. Thanks Amazon, and thanks to TRD-Trading GMBH :) :)

There is no doubt this is the best phone in the market compared to other android and apple devices. Display is not too big and the phone is not difficult to handle. Totally worth the price and after searching throughout the internet Amazon had the cheapest price with two day shipping free.

... I feel like starting this by saying 'it's been a long time coming'. I only say that because my first attempt at getting my hands on the Galaxy Note ended with it getting 'lost' in the mail. I blame no one... that original seller and Amazon stepped up to the plate and handled everything quickly and professionally so ... on to my review!I received my Note a few days ago and have been putting it through its paces since then. I do need to say that I almost went into cardiac arrest when I opened the box to find the case open/seal broken! My first thought was to start the return process, but then I noticed a U.S. electrical adapter had been added last minute to the package as it is an import and would not have shipped ordinarily with one included. If there had been even the slightest sign of tampering, it would sadly have been returned...so far I am glad to report nothing seems out of place! My advice to the seller(s) out there: If opening an electronics order to ascertain whether a U.S. power adapter is needed, leave a little 'note' for your clientele along with said adapter... future heart attack(s) duly averted!I went with the white model which as most of you probably know, costs a little more. Worth it? Hell yeah... It is beautiful, elegant, sharp, thin, light, and yes- it's BIG. I'm a big guy with big hands and long fingers and still this thing just fits in my mitt! The thinness is what makes it manageable, but I will take no chances and down the road I will find a suitable case to carry it around in. My hope is that the company Otter Box, makers of some great heavy duty cases for other smart phones, will rise to the challenge and design something special for this behemoth!Beyond the great looks of my new white Note, one of the first things I noticed is the speed! A 1.4gH Dual Core processor is crazy, but apparently necessary to power the 5.3 inch gorgeously colorful screen. It's an easy thing to marvel at when looking at high resolution video or photos. I did a test run video shoot yesterday and it blew me away. The clarity of the picture, absolutely no stutter or choppiness... amazing! Reading text, or magazines, or web pages is a true pleasure again because of this crisp, clear, clean screen. I may update this with phone analysis once I'm set up. Tricky thing is Verizon and Spring allegedly will get their versions this year too. We will see what happens after AT&T; sets it all off. As far as I'm concerned, the only thing missing now is the Ice Cream Sandwich update. I've not been able to find a definitive word on when we Note holders will get ours (Motorola Xoom folks have gotten theirs I see...)I will give Samsung a bit more credit though because they are preparing the first OS update with some cool new functionality for the Note... not ICS, but in a pinch it'll do!In closing, I'm glad that I didn't wait to get this. I'll get to choose a few things now that I wouldn't have got to otherwise so... top dollar- well spent!...At Last!

Very good phone. Really enjoy it. I have a international unlock version. Works well with Rogers and subsidiary companies like fido and chat r.  This phone does not work on 3/4g network of wind in Canada and t-Mobil in USA.Speed, screen, and apps are all great.  Don't think it is too big.  Definitely good for reading emails and watching videos.

After using the Iphone 4 for about a year and a half  I really got tired of the small screen size. I did a lot of research before buying this Galaxy Note (white) and now I works spectacular for me... No complaints....

REVISED/UPDATE--May 7, 2013: For over one year, I have owned this phone with no problems and it still looks and performs like new! AND GREAT NEWS: On May 6, 2013, I checked and Jelly Bean OTA (Over the Air directly on the phone) is HERE NOW! And today, I installed 4.1.2 Jelly Bean and LOVE IT on the GNote, feels like I just bought a new phone! Just for you to know: Samsung began rolling out OTA in late March 2013 for the Note N7000 so it takes a while for every country to receive this. So here is is all 511 GB of it! To get the update go to Settings, About Device and Software Update (you need to be in WiFi or Data and have 75% battery). The update is HUGE because it is Jelly Bean (no more Ice Cream Sandwich)! Now more about this great phone: I thought very long and hard before I bought this device in late February, 2012 and it came SEALED in the original box - totally new and unopened! This review is for the WHITE INTERNATIONAL UNLOCKED version of this device. I bought it from Amazon but chose to do the review under the dark blue device because it has more reviews and will be read more often.***Since over one year has past since I purchased the device (Feb 16, 2012), so I am more confident about this device as it works wonderfully in all areas! The reason I mention that is ALL INTERNATIONAL phones DO NOT have a US warranty and I took a HUGE chance spending $700 (at the time of purchase, it is now about $620) for this device! However, I have owed smartphones and computers for many years and have found that if they fail, 95% of the time they fail WITHIN THE FIRST 30 DAYS! In fact all of my smartphones have "shown" me in the first 30 days by "acting up" whether they would last or not. I have NEVER (so far) had any problems with this device. It is superb. Below are PROS and CONS.PROS:1) Huge 5.3" screen that is vivid, clear and easy to read. **The size is NOT TOO BIG for me and I am just 5'3" with small hands and the phone is light and easy to carry around. I also bought a combo pink case/cover for $10 on eBay that is slimline and protects the phone in style!2) Great music player with good sound with headset or speaker.3) FM radio included (AT&T; version does not have FM radio). So you DO NOT have to be on WiFi or Data to listen to the built in FM Radio App!4) Fast processor.5) Data has been 3g+ to 4g for data and it is lightening fast, fast, fast! (Mostly I use WiFi, but sometimes data and again, it is very fast). I have AT&T; data that I buy each month as I have the gophone (pre-paid plan) and I buy the smallest data they have as I use WiFi 95% of the time. However, I use my Tab2 7.0 3g for my data now as it has a larger screen.6) WiFi easy to connect and works perfectly with long range ability!7) Good stock browser, however, I downloaded Dolphin HD Browser and I can get "desktop" pages (not mobile pages) and also tabs, and so so many features. Opera is OK, but Dolphin HD blows all the other browsers away!8) Battery life - Decent - Since I am on WiFi or Data 100% of the time when I use this device so the battery lasts me about 5 hours before I have to recharge. Now when I turn the WiFi on and off to conserve battery, I get about 10 hours or more! Also I have backlight on 90%!9) I chose White color, very regal looking - so this is a pro for me!10) Size: Perfect combo mini tablet with 5.3" screen and great phone, don't need to lug around my 10" tablet anymore! And I do not think this device is too big to use as a phone and have no problem putting it up to me ear to make a call. This phone is lightweight and easy to hold. I bought a pink snap combo faux leather cover/case on eBay from US seller for just $10 and it is an all in one case and cover so this device is easy to carry and it is protected at all times.11) Camera and Video Camera - This takes better pictures than my regular camera and I move the pictures to my 32 gig SD card. And video is wonderful for a quick video! Mostly I take pictures when I am out and about, so no need to have to take my old camera as this device is: CAMERA, MINI TABLET, MUSIC PLAYER, FM RADIO ALL IN ONE DEVICE!!!!!CONS:1) This is an INTERNATIONAL PHONE WITH NO US WARRANTY. However, in the box there was a 24 month warranty with a Samsung UK address and phone number for the UK warranty center. This is the only concern I have. However, in my experience, most devices "act up" or "fail" within the first 30 days, (about 90% of the time), I am not worried, as I have had the phone well over 30 days and it is working perfectly and I am very pleased with my purchase of this device. So for this ONE reason, I deducted 1/2 of a star, hence 4.5 stars instead of the 5 stars that I would have given to this device.2) APN SETTINGS for Internet Data and MMS messages must be manually inputted (all international phones require this). WiFi and text messaging works right out of the box, however, APN settings are needed for Data and MMS messaging.If anyone needs the APN settings for AT&T; or T-Mobile, please comment and ask and I will answer and give you the APN settings. Also, I will answer any questions as I am a techie type of person. Thank you for reading my review.Please feel free to join our discussion should you have any questions or comments regarding the Galaxy Note. Since I am a techie person, I will be glad to answer questions.Thank you for reading this updated review and I hope that it has been of assistance to you.

First off let me say this, it isn't for everyone, the screen is huge. I watched a lit of reviews online, read about it and I thought people were exaggerating about the size but its is really big. And that's what makes it the best portable device on the planet! When I opened the box and saw my white note I had a Huge smile on my face. Its design is so slick, the screen is amazing its bright and so crisp. It is soooo fast with its dual core exynos processor. WOW!!!! I highly recommend it. It is easily pocketable for me at least I don't wear skinny jeans. Browsing the web, watching vids are amazing. Phone calls are clear and I get full bars in my basement. The S pen is fun too, I use it a lot and that's the beauty of this thing, its well hidden and if u don't wanna use it u can just forget about it cause its not in the way. I'm gonna root mine today. I came from a galaxy s 2 I 9100 and the note is bigger, faster than the S2 and that is saying a lot. I highly recommended it don't be afraid of the size thing and making calls in public. You get some attention and the chicks will dig you more! LMAO!!!

I love this tablet! Buy it and try it for yourself! Best screen quality and resolution...as well as processor...well worth the money

English review :Excellent phone, it's unique is its type, S-PEN is very useful, good buy, is a complete tool for all Profecional, I love my NOTE GT7000, Once you use this phone with this quality screen will not accept another smallerSize: It's no problem, is what I wantedStyle: Elegant and striking 100%Screen Size: Ideal for all purpose (very sharp)Battery Life: GoodGeneral performance: GoodCamera: GoodSpeakers: +/- GoodHeadphones: Good qualityIn general is very good phone, is a Pocket LaptopRevisi&oacute;n en Espa&ntilde;ol:Excelente Telefono , es el unico es su Tipo , S-PEN es muy util ,  buena compra , es una herramienta completa para todo Profecional , Amo a mi NOTE GT7000 , Una vez usas este telefono con esta Excelente Pantalla no aceptaras otro mas peque&ntilde;oTama&ntilde;o : No es ningun inconveniente , es lo que buscabaEstilo : 100 % Elegante y llamativoTama&ntilde;o de la pantalla : El ideal para todo proposito (Muy nitida)Duracion de la bateria : BuenaRendimiento General: BuenoCamara : BuenaAltavoces : +/- BuenoAudifonos : Buena calidadEn General es muy buen telefono , Es una Laptop de Bolsillo

This product is fake and a fraud it is not made by Samsung it is a China phone that the SIM card slot is not even able to take and SIM card. It is a total waste of money and I realized that too late to return it. But I warn other potential buyers to stay away from this seller.

This phone is international unlock version.You can use in USA. But No warrenty, No service in USA.I really recommend contect to your service provider. anyone don't waste money.I Bought this phone in march, 2012. I tryed two times repairs.But still problems. I spend $200.Finally I put in the box. No more use.

Hi,I bought this for someone else but still got to play around with it before giving it away, i have to say the display is breathtaking, even at 5&#34; plus there are no pixels visible to naked eye. Video's run crisp and smoothly. I am not a big fan of Touchwiz UI, or of MotoBlur or HTC sense, prefer pure google experience. If Samsung will make this phone with pure google experience + S pen apps that would be a winner.

google talk not working.and the box when i receive the samsung seal had been opened.anyone know how to fix the issue of google talk? ,it says authentication failed..

Will not work on t-mobile data network, only voice and text work on t-mobile network. (Edge Speed only in some 3G/4G areas)I returned it. Note: the phone it self was nice, I only used it for one day, can't much about the phone performance.

My best phone ever, cant be more happy well worth the wait cant put it down, i have it for over a month now and theres is not one bad thing i can say about, battery is great its simple.

Had this phone for a week. Until now loves it. When I turn on the phone for the first time, it is in a langurage that I donot know,and I do spend some time to figure out where to change the default language to English. Yes, there is no Chinese originally installed in the phone,so I download it from google play store. After that I can send SMS to my family in Chinese.A surperise for me is, the Andriod system update automatically to ICS 4.3 by itself.All operations are quick smoothly, screen is super nice. Surf is nice because you get this huge 5.3 screen. Compare to its size, the phone is super slim and not that heavy at all.For the first two days, the battery won't last for a whole day(for me 7:00am to 7pm ). However, it is getting better after that, after I use some battery saving apps. As least it last me 12 hours for now. (I usually use it for emails, sms, chating on line and listen to music, play small games.)Although I thought I may miss my iphone4 at first, I am totally fall in love with it now.

This works great with AT&T service.  Big screen makes it perfect for me.  I love how it works like tablets and phone!

Regarding shipping - I got my Samsung Galaxy Note on Feb 3rd, 2012. Ordered on Feb 2nd, 2012. Shipped quickly.Previously I am on AT&T; with iphone 4. I have been Apple Iphone user since its release (I started jailbreaking & unlocking its features since then).This device is way better than iPhone 4 (atleast for me). Once I got my Samsung Galaxy Note, I went to AT&T; store and asked Rep that I need normal SIM (Actually all Rep's gathered to see the Note, they are amazed by the screen size & exploring its features) the AT&T; Rep who helped me, installed new regular SIM & he is trying to make sure my data plan is working (I have grandfathered unlimited data plan). I had given APN settings which I got from internet. It took some time but worked (the Rep patiently made sure my data plan is working) Rep also installed Speed Test app from Andriod market & checked the data speed - Download 1.72 Mbps & Upload 0.51 Mbps (He said there might be problem with AT&T; data traffic right now). I tried next day speed test results - Download 4.04 Mbps & Upload 0.94 MbpsThough HSPA+ is working correctly -The APN settings which I had are wrong, below are my APN settingsName: AT&T;APN: wap.cingularProxy: leave blankPort: leave blankUsername:WAP@CINGULARGPRS.COMPassword:CINGULAR1Server: leave blankMMSC: [URL 1]  (Amazon is not allowing external links to posted in review, so refer comments for these URL's)MMS Proxy: [URL 2]MMS Port: 80MCC:310MNC:410Authentication type: not setAPN Type: internet + mmsThe problem with above APN settings is you wont be able to access https (secure) sites, then I used APN settings mentioned in [URL 3] you dont need Username & Password leave them blank & you need to have MMSC - [URL 1]Once I changed my APN settings & restarted everything is working perfectly.My experience with Galaxy Note so far so good, within one day of exploring its features (including Andriod) my first expression is "FREEDOM". I haven't done anything much, out of the box tethering is working, Kies Air inbuilt app is awesome to download & upload files to Note (No need of any Sync like in iTunes). "All share" inbuilt app is awesome its DLNA (upnp) server you can stream your videos, photos & music to any device having DLNA client (like PS3 or google TV). Regarding Camera - Photo & video capturing, I feel its better than Iphone 4. I love the big screen, I didnt feel any comfortable regarding its size, I dont even use bluetooth for voice calls. Galaxy Note has good signal strength when compared with Iphone 4, voice is clear in Note. Some people complained about the speaker not having good volume, I did'nt observed much difference though. For me its more than enough.Regarding battery, for me its coming 1 day normal browsing & voice calls. (from me its same with Iphone too). If you are on AT&T; disable "Fast Dormancy" as mentioned in [URL 3] to save battery life & to increase data speeds.I bought 64GB SanDisk from amazon below is the link - Once I poped it in my Galaxy Note, it said unrecognizable disk, once I click on the message, it asked for format, once done, everything is working fine.SanDisk 64GB Mobile Ultra MicroSDXC Class 6 Memory Card with SD Adapter - Retail Packaging with Komputerbay SDXC USB ReaderI only felt uncomfortable while opening the backside of phone, its just thin plastic, I feared that I may break it by accident.I highly recommend to buy this device - Samsung Galaxy Note.

I came thisclose to buying a refurbed iPhone 4s and at the last minute just couldn't press click on the sale. What held me back? Really wanted an Android OS without the limits on it like the Kindle Fire. While the IOS5 is no doubt awesome, just didn't want to be limited by Steve Jobs' view of the world. (Flash, please.) But I was initially beaten down by the way-too-many Android phone options, with their respective pros & cons. IPhone 4s was just an easy way out. UNTIL....I saw the white Samsung Galaxy Note. No more need for a heavy tablet to drag around on the road with me. Can still use the Straight Talk Unlimited Plan, courtesy of the sim card from my Nokia e71. Gorilla glass, so no PITA screen saver needed. Blazing fast data connections (thanks to another customer's inclusion of the best APN settings for the Note in his Amazon review). A screen more brilliant than any device I have ever owned. The most perfect size...it fits comfortably in my hand even with a leather case on it.[Zenus] Masstige Ostrich Diary Case Cover for Galaxy Note (I9220/N7000) - Royal NavyLightweight. The Android Gingerbread OS is awesome & can't wait for the ICS update. And did I mention the SIZE? The iPhone 4s I almost bought fits completely inside the glass screen of the Note. I would have been miserable trying to read that 3.5" screen and constantly zooming in & out. No zooming needed with my Note.About the Amazon sale: next day delivery with Prime. Fulfilled by Amazon but the seller changed between the time I placed the order and when it was shipped. But the phone arrived in a sealed original box with everything intact. Had to change the language from Spanish to English since it's an unlocked international version. No warranty but I am OK with that. If anything goes wrong, it happens in the first 30 days usually with tech items.Negatives: none. You have to figure out settings etc when dealing with an unlocked phone but Google is your friend. The battery does not last a full day for me but I am figuring out how to find and turn off auto updates etc that suck battery power. But I do plan to buy an extra batteryHyperion Samsung Galaxy Note 2 x Battery + Charger (Compatible with At&t; Samsung Galaxy Note, and all international Galaxy Note models)and keep it handy. The tech experts on You Tube claim they have no problem with battery life but they are smarter than I am in figuring out how to reduce battery drain thru apps & widgets.Android OS: I hate the live wallpaper and can't figure out how to get rid of the stock wallpaper screens I do not want. Google has not been my friend. I've read that the international Notes will receive the ICS update before the AT&T; Notes. Gingerbread runs like silk for now.I am so glad something stopped me from sealing the deal on an iPhone 4S. The Note exceeds all my expectations in features I anticipated and those I didn't even know existed.Get the white if like me you just don't "see" black gadgets anymore, like in the handbag or on the desk, and have to call your black phone to find it. The white is elegant and cool.

the phone is great, love having all my apps n phone together...but since i have switched over to this phone i nolonger get any service. I have service at home, and when im right dead center in town, and thats it. It's not my service provider, its the phone, i can put my sims card into my old phone and have full bars but as soon as i put it back  into this phone, none!!! standing in the same place when i do it. Not sure if its cause its unlocked and maybe the code isnt in there correct or what. I have went to my local att store three times now, and nothing they are doing is helping. making not like the phone as much now.

Love this phone!! Very large. Great camera, This phone outstands any phone I have owned, only downfall verizon does not have software for this phone

Fantastic phone that sets itself apart from the rest.  Its features are rather polarizing, but it should be clear what you're getting into: a massive, feature-filled, attention-grabbing phone.  For my own uses this has been fantastic, and -- unlike with smaller phones -- I have no hesitation pulling it out for quick tasks such as note-jotting and getting a nice, big, detailed map. A nerdier feature I've found useful (Ice Cream Sandwich update) is the Note app's ability to take written formulas, convert them to the appropriate symbols, and export directly to Wolfram Alpha.  Battery life is excellent, and the phone & network capabilities seem solid. My sole complaint is that the camera is a little bit slow; the flash, however, is very strong.There's good reason why this phone has become so popular via word of mouth.

I have known this phone by watching some Korean movies and decided to move on from my iphone 4s since I was so bored of Iphone (I have used Ip3gs, ip4, ip4s)I bought it from Mercate group with only $520. I believed there will be no such a good price of Samsung Note anymore. They shipped very quick by FedEx confirmation signature. The reason I mention them because they are properly the best seller in my life. When I received the phone, after 2 days using it, I felt so bored that I updated to ICS through Kies but the phone was stuck in boot screen. I've researched a lot but no helped. I contacted Samsung service but they said they just honor warranty if we live in Europe. My phone is Germany version. I was so worried because there's no Android cellphone repair services in my area. Fortunately, I contacted the seller and I have a 1-year warranty from them. I sent my phone to them and they sent it to Samsung service in Europe. It took me 4 weeks to receive my phone but better than losing everything. They always tried their best to answer my question so quickly. I feel so thankful because I have the warranty from them.My phone is now working perfectly with the ICS 4.0.4 version (the Samsung service has updated for me), no battery drainage, fast performance and new features.Pros:- Nice performance, gorgeous huge screen.- Nice design even sometimes it's easy to accidentally lock the phone.- The Stylus pen is awesome, quick response, even I'm really bad at drawing but I love taking notes with it.- Many free and useful apps and widgets.- Have so many features that a non-jailbreak iPhone doesn't have. (I especially like the pop-up video in 4.0.4)- Camera is extremely nice outside, the flash is super bright.- Easy to put music and video, it plays .flv files which iPhone doesn't. I hate it when I have to convert my videos to mp4 and put them to iTunes and sync them to iPhone. Everything is just SIMPLE if you have the external SD card. Just plug in, copy, and paste. This makes me love my NOTE more and more.- The battery is also good since I updated to 4.0.4, no more battery drainage in idle time. I have used it for 2 days with light usage. By the way, I'm using Anker battery.- Light weight but not fits my pocket. I'm a 5.2 tall Asian female, so I'm very short but I have no problem holding the phone. It actually looks cute in my hand :)- The list keeps going on forever. Seriously, if you want to buy it just go ahead and order. You won't be regret. When you look back to iphone, you will see it ridiculous small and simple. Not fun at all.Cons:- The thing I dislike the MOST in this phone is that it's so UGLY when you watch videos having black, grey colors. I forgot the word but you will see it's very UGLY and Disappointed. I don't know why Samsung would make it with this gorgeous huge screen. The color is not accurate and beautiful like in Iphone.- There's no camera physical shutter button which is hard to capture pictures. And the shutter time is also a bit slow.- I lose 1% every 3 minutes using the phone.- Android is much more complicated than IOS. I have known IOS very well, jailbroke them, installed 3rd party apps, etc in IOS. But in Android, I'm totally a noob. I have read a lot through XDA forums and my knowledge has gained a bit but still, Android is really hard to play and you have to be careful not to brick you Note. In IOS, everything is easy.- There will be no FLASH support in Android phone from August 15th. I switch to Android just because of flash.In sum, Samsung Note is a very good phone that I really love. I'm using the Boxwave screen protector. It's easy to apply, no finger prints, and anti glare. But you will see a lot of noises when you are reading news. This screen protector is not the clear one. It's also easy to scratch. I don't recommend you to you it but you can give it a try. The cover I use is the Feelook stand cover ($17) and hard case Hello Kitty ($5). I bought them from ebay. They are both nice and protect my Note very well.Just feel free to ask if you have any questions!

It is a great phone with a fantastic screen! One big problrm is that you cannot watch the video for a long time, because the back side will be too hot to hold it&#12290;And I cannot type Chinese in the messgae, maybe i need to install some software. Anyway, even though there are some little problems, overall it is a great phone!

Nice Screen, I have used it for more than 4 weeks so far, didn't get any problems. The battery life is amazing. With full wifi/3G etc usage you can easily get 24 hours may be more. My biggest fear was battery life but its reasonably good, as I heard from my friend who is using IPhone-4S, Galaxy note with such big screen is doing great job with battery life. If you switch to power saving mode the battery rocks, you get performance degradation but you can switch to that mode to conserve battery (such as overnight etc.). If you turn off your WIFI/DATA during nighttime when you don't actually use phone you can drag the battery to 2 days or may be 2.5 days, which is impressive.Other thing which I was worried about was the size, I thought may be its too big but it's not the case. Yes, its bigger than normal phones but once you start using it you will love it. Easy to type emails and text messages, crisp browsing, videos look a lot better on note than other smaller display phones. The phone fits easily in pockets, yes you feel it but unless you have very small pockets the phone will fit easily.I have used it with AT&T; Gophone works perfectly fine (you have to buy featured Data plan). I even got a short slip with the phone for AT&T; Data network configuration on how to configure my data network.One thing which is worth considering while buying is to order phone cover. The flip cases for AT&T; version DO NOT fit the international unlocked version, so be aware of the fact that you need to buy it from somewhere else than Bestbuy/AT&T; unless they get covers for International model. Also the phone is slick so I would recommend to have a case ordered with the phone.

I loved the phone, i was so happy when i got it, but when i turned phone on, it said i just get Edge Network , which is 2g,.... i have T-mobile now, i called them several times and they told me cant use this phone with their network...im so upset , now i have to return the phone :-( .. i mean i really needs to know how can i get a 4g , if anyone knows please let me know...

I got my on 27 of January, sealed European version from Germany.awesome. I consider this like my first phone, since 1999 i had been using cell phone. It seem things made for us are trash. I upgrade from a n imfuse 4g, I never got more than two bars or three. Now i got full bars any where. Good job Samsung, keep doing what you are doingI am still in love. i am gonna get married

First, I must say that it's a very good cellphone. I love the shape, the color and it's smart just as what I was expecting.However there is a problem for me. As a Chinese, I need the phone can be used in China but there is no Chinese option in the Language settings so I have to return it to the seller.

My brand new galaxy note reached 3 to 4 days ahead.. thanks for that.. Excellent service..5 starsssComing to galaxy note its awesome..  only concern is we cannot operate with one hand..

I purchased this phone in white on launch day in New York, 02/19/2012.  My first impression was, WOW this is big!!!!  Actually, it's more wide then big so to speak.  I love the thinness of it, but it is taking some getting used to.  Having said that, this phone is NOT for everyone. And yes, you need two hands to handle this thing. The screen is fantastic, the colors are beautiful.  I have used the S pen and it is a nice addition.  I doubt I will use it on a daily basis, but I have already used it to write text messages and they converted them to text.  Once again, it is a nice addition.  I can see myself using it to jot down to do lists and things like that.  This phone is fully packed and the 4G LTE is fast.  I used it at home to try it out and in Manhattan today as well.  You can turn it off under the settings menu, wireless and network, and then mobile network, so you are not constantly draining your battery.  The battery is good, but rest assure, if you stay on this thing constantly, you will be charging it every single day.  That is why I like the on screen task killer, and monitoring what is running in the background.  But since this came out in europe last year, there are so many accessories and extended batteries available.  All in all, I love this phone, and just like with anything else, I will get used to it.  Texting, netflix, reading or videos of ANY kind are fantastic on this thing.  If you can get pass the size, which I think some people just can't, LOL, then you will love this phone.  I had it in my jeans pocket today and it was fine.  I hope this helps the undecided out their.  I went from the Iphone 4G, to a HTC 4G Inspire, to the Galaxy Note.  3.5, to 4.3, to 5.3 inch screen.  I am at my limit now, LOL.  Almost got the blue/black color, but the white is really nice and the back cover is not textured like the black, it's plastic.  And it looks really nice with a black cover on it.  Okay, their you have it, the rest is up to you.  Enjoy.

Ordered a NEW phone; got a "used" phone in an unsealed box (previously opened)Cost over $540 for a USED phone---listed as NEW! The Amazon representitive could not order a new one to replace the obviously used one they shipped to me. It apppears Amazon doesn't care - Claims new, but ships a used item. Pathetic!!!

I waited from November last year when I first saw the reviews on the Note until a few days ago to finally order it through Amazon. After making the decision to buy, I had to decide which vendor to order from (TRD Trading GmbH). I made the right choices all the way. When I received the box, inside was another box and inside that box was the Note and a power adapter. The Note was sealed in its own box and my confidence went through the roof. After working through the app's I plugged it in to charge it. After about 3 hours of charging the note has an audio indicator when the charge reaches 100%. I turned it on and it went into the notification screen and automatically began an update from 3.2.5 to 3.2.6. So far so gooooood.Everything that the device has installed is as close to perfect as you can get. Yes, there are newer apps and I later downloaded a few of those but if you leave the functions as they are, there are no complaints. My favorites are, MP3 player with 5.1 surround sound with a headset plugged in. The note and stylus function are superb with just about every feature you can imagine.The FM radio is great. The GPS is spot on and the mapping graphics are superb due to the screen resolution. The screen has no pixels that I can see and the depth and color are outstanding. The 8 mega-pixel camera is just as good as the iphone 4s. This device stands above all the other devices I have owned. Ipad 1, Ipad 2, Asus Transformer, Asus Transformer prime, HTC Flyer, Samsung Galaxy 7.0. I have been looking for the ultimate device with the smallest footprint. I found it in the Note. This device is so snappy when opening any apps or widgets. Online via WiFi with just 1 signal bar was faster than anything I have experienced before. The Bluetooth is a rocket when paired to my i mac 24.When in public, people can not keep their eyes or hands off it. GREAT JOB SAMSUNG. I sold my new iphone 4s to a friend for $175.00 because her phone was stolen and it was difficult for her to pay more than she did. I don't miss the iphone at all. In fact, the Note is 20 times the experience the iphone offers. When my friend first saw the Note, she felt cheated LOL. She will have to marry me to get my Note.I ordered the SGP ultra thin case which fits like a glove but is still a little slippery so I just ordered the BoxWave DuoSuit TPU case and the little pigtail adapter to download files.Micro USB Host Mode OTG Cable Flash Drive SD T-Flash Card Adapter FOR Samsung GT-i9100 i9100 Galaxy S II 2 GT-N7000 Galaxy NoteAt the AT&T; store, they transferred my micro SIM to the standard SIM and I went online to Youtube to configure the phone settings, everything worked. The staff at AT&T; had not seen the Note yet and were amazed. I ordered the white model because it looks bigger. Go to Maker4U dot com to see some very cool accessories.I highly recommend this device through Amazon.

1. Poor battery life! I read the specs before purchasing and it says that it lasts much longer than the Samsung Infuse, my previous phone, but NOT even close! For example, I'd charge the battery on Samsung NOTE to full capacity until around noon or so and then by 6 or 7pm the battery indicator is already in the red! This is barely surfing or talking.  I never had a problem like this with my Infuse or my Samsung S2, my current phone.2. You can't create Ymail on the default android email account!! I didn't have this problem with Infuse or my current S2! I had to have 3 different email apps with the NOTE to see all my emails.  I have over 10 different email accounts such as Yahoo, Rocketmail, Ymail and Gmails.  So this is really inconvenient compared to my former phone Infuse!3. You can't turn off the loud clicking/shutter sound when taking pictures or Video recording! Again, there's no such problems with the Samsung Infuse or S2?? I like to have some privacy when taking pictures of the black board or the overhead screen projection during my class room lecture or meetings. This is really ridiculous!In summary, if you pay over $700 for a phone then it shouldn't have the problems I mentioned. Why is it that the less expensive phone can do more or give you more? It's illogical! I returned/sold the NOTE after having it for 5 days.  I hated the thought of paying so much for a phone and getting less than my previous Samsung Infuse which I sold for only $300. I now own Samsung S2 and love it! Also, I can create all email accounts onto just one app. (NOTE: Samsung S2 AT&T; version allows Ymail but not the Samsung S2 i9100 International version)  The only good thing about the NOTE is that the screen size is perfect for me. But otherwise, I wouldn't recommend the NOTE because of its price. It should be worth no more than $550 at this time for the flaws I mentioned.

This item use to be some type of game and you can see the controllers like some type of handheld game burned into the background of the phone! The sim card slot does not work for ANY sim card known to man! I recommend NO ONE buy anything from this seller! rpogramd

I don't usually write a review for a product..However, this item, Galaxy Note, is one of the best phone I ever used.I ordered the phone on 4/29 and received on 5/2...When I oped the item, it was brand new with samsung sealed tape..I used to have a iphone and since the contract ended, I wanted to try a Samsung Galaxy Note due to a huge screen size..Pro.1. Screen Size..2. Awesome display (Super HD Amoled).. It's quite good to view in the outdoor too.I think this is pretty close to Retina Display.. Personally I can't tell the difference3. Easily Editable homescreen.4. Love Widgetsand so much more...Con1. Battery LifeIn order to improve bettery life:  This was what I did.Since the battery last only 7~8 Hours on heavy usage, I changed the dual network to GSM Only Network and it last much longer...Also, I turn off GPS and Wifi... I only turn them on whenever I use them.. then it will last more than whole day..Also spare bettery is really good to have around...+ Phone quality is really good on both 2G & 3G network..+ GPS is really accurate to use...+ Love all free Samsung Angry birds Game Series along with Asphalt 6 ...Since the screen is really hugh, it is really good to browse, read ebooks,& Bible..etcIf you looking for a good phone without contract, This is it..I did lots of research and I am so so happy with this product so far..

If you are already here, I'm assuming you are seriously considering getting this phone.1) You will not use the stylus as much as you think.2) You will love this phone.I have had this phone almost a year.  I probably use the stylus once every 2 weeks to write down a quick memo.I'm a girl so I generally keep my phone in my purse or bookbag.  Girl's jeans generally aren't big enough for my phone, and my few that are only about 1/2 to 2/3rds of the phone fit in the pocket.  It can fit into guys jeans and cargo pants really well with room to spare generally.  You can sorta tell that it is in there though.I don't consider the size a disadvantage, since I love how big the screen it.I got a case that covers the front and flips over to the back (like a book).  I really like it because I feel safe putting it in my purse or bookbag, without scratching it's beautiful screen.  Make sure not to get a case with a magnet on it.  In simple terms, the pen works though a magnet in the tip of the pen interacting with your screen, and I've heard stories of a magnet in the case messing with the phone and creating permanent dead spots that can't be written on anymore with the pen.Also, when looking for cases, if it is a case that replaces the back of your phone, make sure to check if it is for the N7000 and not the AT&T; one.  They don't have the same spots that snap together, and you will be very sad.If you have any questions, I'll try my best to answer. :)

First of all i like my galaxy note. the only thing that i am not happy about it is, it is advertised as if it is 4G LTE which it is not true with my phone. i was wondering why my internet connection is slow and been calling my service provider for this matter. lately i was communicating with Samsung US, they are telling me to speak with Samsung UK. i am really getting unhappy about this matter. i hope somebody will do something.

I just received my order on time sealed,complete and accurate just as expected (European Version). The moment I open the device out of the box and placed my sim card, a firmware update pop up ready to install. The European Versions are the best (especially those from Germany which I have).I highly recommend the Samsung Galaxy Note (White - European Version)which is better with peace of mind to get future updates.

I just got this one today. I love this big screen and functions!But I dont know what is wrong, I can't use 3g. Phone works well.I live in Germany, I'm Vodafone user.If anyone know how to set up the fone for 3g, Please let me know!Or I need to return it:(

Sold by: TRD-Trading GmbHThe Note was sealed in the original box. But in addition, the seller helpfully packed a U.S. electric socket adapter and two pieces of paper, one explained how to change the language from German to English, and one to set up AT&T; as the MMS and Data access points. In the comments I will leave a link to a discussion with instructions for getting 3g and 4g on AT&T; with your Note ([...])The German version, or the unlocked European version has the Exynos processor. This means you cannot use LTE on this phone. I am fine with HSPA+, which I am getting on AT&T;, but I am adding TMobile shortly.  Download speeds at home using speedtest.net was 1258 kbps. I am not a big user of minutes or data off wifi so I am going to get an inexpensive T-Mobile plan.  T-Mobile has an excellent 30 dollar a month plan with 5gb of data and only 100 minutes, but you will only get Edge speeds (2G) on this plan, because the Note is not Pentaband. I didn't realize it when I bought it but that is disappointing.I have small hands but the size of the Note does not bother me. I usually type with two hands and use it two handed.  It fits in all my pockets,  when I'm riding my bike I keep it in my front pants pocket.  If I have a zippered back pocket I will put it in there.  I've even had it in my back pocket sitting down,  still no problems with the size.I have to charge it daily but have not come close to running out of juice. Usually when I arrive at work I charge it and the battery is at 50%.I feel like with this device I can combine my tablet and phone,  take it on vacation, leave my laptop at home and not miss anything.  It's good for reading on the train, in bed, I use it at work to chat and listen to podcasts at the gym using bluetooth headphones. I've been taking photos and I love annotating them with the spen. I'm using Evernote and Skitch, as well as Shoeboxed to organize my life. The screen is so big I can even read Google Docs spreadsheets.

I love the phone all the features and the pen and everything! but the reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the battery life on the phone goes down very quickly because its unlocked and the sNote feature wont work but beside that I luv the phone. I say its money well spent.

I have seen it and I want it. It is a relly nice pone. I can't what to git it In my hands.
