
Not sure why currently the shipment time is 5-8 weeks on Amazon, but I picked this up today from Best Buy (begrudgingly). The phone is basically the older Optimus V, which I currently have, with a faster processor (800Mhz vs 600Mhz - I could tell a big difference when using the operating system, it's much snappier now), more internal memory (512MB vs 256MB), a physical keyboard, and Anroid 2.3 (vs 2.2).  It's really a nice phone that you can tell is made well - the fit and finish is really nice.  The keyboard slider works well too - it's a very smooth action that just feels right.  My only complaint for this phone is that it has a fairly small screen of 3.2". It's just a little on the small side for browsing webpages and such.  Also, now that I think about it, I wish the camera had a flash for it. I do highly recommend this phone though if you're looking to switch to Virgin Mobile or to upgrade your Optimus V or Intercept.

Got this as a replacement for the Samsung Intercept during VMs cyber-Monday firesale.The good:Snappy and responsivePhysical keyboard (for those that need one)Cost effective pre-pay plansThe bad:Battery life could be better (could be said of most smartphones though)Usable internal storage is only 181mb (same as Optimus V and Intercept)No flash supportIf you have an Intercept, an upgrade to this is a no-brainer. If you already have the Optimus V and don't need a physical keyboard, you might want to hold off for something better.

My phone before this was the Optimus V. I liked the phone a lot, but I love that this phone comes with a keyboard. I'm pretty good at touch screen navagation and everything else, but it is very dificult for me to type on a touch screen. Another feature this has is the status light, which blinks when there is a notification. The optimus v did not have this feature.The sevice I receive from virgin mobile has improved over the years. I'm very happy to be with this phone company.

I purchased this model 2 years ago.  It continously locked up.  I was told that I shouldn't download the Google app, so when the original finally broke I ordered a new on thinking that I would not download Google.  Unfortunately, the phone is preprogrammed with Google and therefore still locks up on a regular basis.

This is my first smart phone... So, while I'm amazed at all the neat stuff it does, it clearly is junky and doesn't work as designed.-Everyday error messages randomly popup saying applications must force close down.. some of them are ones I'm in the middle of using (like messaging ((so I lose my message I'm typing))) or Facebook) while others happen to be ones running in the background, like Twitter.-WAY TOO many of my messages don't send even when I have coverage (service). I get messages saying "Message couldn't send".. I push the resend button or copy and paste text 3x and each time it will still say it can't send. And it will leave a big red triangle with an exclamation on the thread until you delete the message that wouldn't send.-messages take quite a while to actually send.. and videos and take up to 2 hours for me.-The battery life is AWFUL!!! (But, I have mercy on my review in regards to this area because I do use the phone all day, so I expect for it to be drained.)-The time on my phone randomly switches from the current time to an hour back at random times of the day for hours at a time so I can't even rely on it for the time!-While it will alert me I have a new email, it wont' actually display the email until I "refresh" the page.-Also, for some strange reason it acts strange when it has any sort of case on it -- the calls take longer to pick up even after I push the answer button, and a screen protector on this phone makes it malfunction.PS. The first phone I was sent gave me these problems so I sent it back for a replacement, but this phone does basically all the same things expect it doesn't freeze up like the first one did so I'm assuming it's not broken -- it's just not a good phone.I DON'T recommend this phone.HOWEVER, calls seem to sound clear and it plays YouTube videos very well.. and there are some great apps and such! It's a neat phone, but doesn't function well so I don't recommend it.

This is the perfect phone for a texting teen.  takes great pictures too, and is perfectly servicable for online, email, angry birds, etc.

A big problem for me is that I only have 13 seconds to get to the phone and answer it before it goes to voice mail.  Folks on the internet said you can get them to fix this.  I unfortunately spent 2 hours 45 min on the phone with them to finally get a supervisor who said nothing can be done. This is a problem cause I am trying to call the person back but they are busy leaving me a long message and I can't get through.  I don't get a lot of calls but the ones I get I need to answer right away.The person calling thinks it is still ringing several times but there is not way for me to connect with them beyond the 13 seconds.

It is a good phone. The only problem is its a driod phone and the battery life goes quick. I don't have to many apps on this phone so the storage is good. Overall, this is the best phone yet that I have had from virgin mobile.

I Love My Phone....It is my 1st Step toward Smart Phone Technology...The product is great....does everything I want...need... will learn to do.....Seller was great...delivery was expeditious...I would definitely recommend this product as well as seller to anyone/everyone...

I bought this phone because I wanted a phone with a physical keyboard that I could use with one of Virgin Mobile's plans. I didn't need a great camera, the ability to play games, or anything especially fancy--just phone, text, Web and e-mail. This is a really great phone for those purposes. The keyboard is spacious and has good tactile action, the screen is bright and clear, and I get surprisingly good phone and wi-fi reception. Virgin Mobile's plans are also perfect for these uses, since I get unlimited text and data, and more talk minutes than I will use for an excellent price. So why not five stars? One factor is the onboard memory, which is surprisingly small. I bought a 32GB SD card, which helps, but the phone comes loaded with a variety of apps (e.g. Facebook, Poynt, Twitter and about a dozen others) that cannot be moved to the SD card and cannot be deleted. (The apps also grow enormously if you ever update them, so be warned.) Also, the battery life is not great. It's a relatively new phone, and even with the limited use I make of it, I'm recharging every day or two. I know, better than some phones, but still an inconvenience. But overall a really great phone if you need what I needed!

I don't have a long essay to write about this phone however I wanted to review it anyways. Switching from the LG Optimus V the only thing that is different about this phone is the slide out keyboard...which is GREAT. I'm not a big fan of the touch screen only phones that are out on the market today. Without a keyboard I'm lost. The phones just don't feel rite. Wish this phone came with a better camera but as long as it has the keyboard and the low monthly plan cost with VM I'm fine.

El precio me parece bastante bajo, especialmente si se compara con el precio a que se consigue este tel&eacute;fono en mi pais, que es mucho mayor. Es muy r&aacute;pido y los servicios de google , consulta de correo, noticias e informacion en general a traves de la web se facilitan mucho. La camara es excelente, toma im&aacute;genes muy nitidas. En sintesis y aunque no he explorado mucho este celular por que estamos pendiente en mi pais, Colombia, de que Virginia Mobile empiece a operar.  Estoy feliz con este tel&eacute;fono.

Nice smart phone for those looking to use a sliding keyboard. Nothing fancy, but good phone talk and east to navigate.

I've had this phone for 3.5 years and have gone through 4 or 5 replacements --I've lost track. Problems include: resetting automatically (including in the middle of calls), extremely poor call quality in areas of good coverage, dropped calls in areas of good coverage, no (or very limited) 3G in areas of good coverage, and calling numbers automatically (I.e., when idle). This phone has a mind of its own,... but it isn't very smart. I wouldn't recommend it even to an enemy.

I did not like the original Optimus V, as it was slow, dropped calls, and had few built in apps.This new phone is slightly better than the original, but is still very problem-filled.The on-screen keyboard is a disaster. internet is slow, the installed apps are poor and entering passwords is difficult.The manual is not easy to follow, and contains errors. For example the manual says to plug in the micro-SD card, but this is hidden from easy access in the battery compartment.This phone is not recommendedFollow-up January 24th 2012 (This is also posted on comments):This phone is very difficult to use. For example the calendar will not easily link to G-Mail. It continually defaults to the daily view, and you need two more steps to get to the monthly view.The calendar in the new phone will not accept tasks or appointments, and I still have to figure out how to do this after 3 days of research. Also, using the calendar means defaulting to the Google online calendar which means expensive web use. I do not trust the Google calendar, as you now have no privacy and your records go in to the database.I am still looking for a small, simple calendar app, and will try the Pure Calendar app. (Found one : CalenGoo)New installed apps do not show up as icons (for example CalenGoo). You have to manually install it, and this is not easy. There is no weather icon, and hookup to the Weather Channel is not easy. The pull-out keyboard, whilst handy is not easy to use either.You have to read the manual over and over, or you will mess up.I find with my heavy use that the battery life is 10-12 hours, which is unacceptable.Follow-up February 9th 2012:I am now happier with the phone after a very detailed examination of the downloadable manual.I learn something new every day.But there are still problems:- Not easy to use- Battery life poor- Unable to install drivers from LG web site. This site is terrible.- Do not put a shell on the phone. It is very difficult to remove.- Buy a 16 MB microSD cardWhen you activate the speaker to listen to messages, and then have to punch in numbers to delete etc., you cannot use the onscreen keyboard, but have to use the pull-out with its awkward use.So..... I guess I'll try the Motorola Triumph, and probably get upset again. I'll have to wait for a truly great Samsung phone.I was spoilt with my HTC Inspire, and I long for the old days. Pity I'm so poor that I have to use Virgin Mobile.Definitely not recommended.Follow up Jan 28th:I now find the phone much better after installing:Astrid To-Do List and Reminder, JuiceDefender Ultimate (also need the free basic app), CalenGoo (Calendar) and Evernote.- I still don't like the poor battery life, and the need for a 180 page manual (downloaded from the Virgin Mobile site).- The manual that comes with the phone sucks as it is poorly printed, too small print and the icons indecipherable.- The camera is lousy and is only 3 MP. At least a 5 MP camera is desired,and would cost LG about 75 cents. The pictures are also hard to view.I now think that because of their Virgin Mobile's lousy phones that I should switch to another company.Truly awful customer service, with a human voice very hard to get.Still not recommended.Follow up one month later: (February 9th 2012)- Still hard to use.- The keyboard is hard to use with the light coming from the front. The red keys are invisible. Why LG did not make the keys white with black lettering is unbelievable.- The LG website is terrible. I have been unable to download the drivers for the USB port.- What really drives me crazy is when the phone rings when it is on sleep. Thee are three steps to answering. I've missed many calls.In other phones, I just tap the screen and connect.Download the manual from the LG website and read it carefully. You will go crazy otherwise.([...])Don't buy a shell for the phone - it is difficult to remove.Do buy a larger micro-SD card (16 MB)I am happier with the phone now, but it is a beginner's phone, and is far from ideal.

Oh. My. God.If you have a Samsung Intercept now, don't even think about upgrading to this phone. RUN AND DO IT NOW!! AS FAST AS YOU CAN!I struggled with the Intercept for a full year and was just thinking that the Android OS wasn't very good. Turns out the Intercept is actually only a pretend Android device. It's slow, it locks up all the time, and often you can't even make phone calls.The Optimus Slider is like a breath of fresh air!It's super fast, can actually run applications correctly, and the transfer speeds are phenomenal!I HIGHLY recommend making the switch. You'll be so happy you did.And if you want to buy a used Intercept super cheap, let me know. ;-)

My family was getting on my case about switching to a slider phone for texting. A friend of ours recommended the Virgin LG Optimus Slider. I love the phone, the only complaint I have is about the battery. I have to charge it three to four times a day. After fully charging my battery and only texting a few messages, my battery looses half it's power. I thought maybe I used the phone too soon after purchasing it, so I let the battery go completely dead before charging; same thing happened. I could get a more powerful battery, but because it's larger, my cases won't fit it. (I purchased three cases from amazon.com because they were very inexpensive and I only used one so far).Because of the battery situation, I try to limit the use of my phone. I use it only for texting and phone calls...no Angry Birds, no facebook, etc.Any suggestions?? Thank you!!

Based on good reviews here and elsewhere I got this phone.  I wanted a physical keypad and you can't beat $35/month.Here it is in a nutshell.  Got phone Wednesday and called to port my old number.  Thursday the screen froze.  Called VM and guy disconnected me when he couldn't answer my question.  Called back and was told to remove battery.Saturday number still not ported.  Call VM who had the wrong acct number. Got disconnected on that call too.  Says it will be done in 3 hours. In 3 hours I try to activate my phone. Freezes again.  Call Vm again get a guy with a brain.Two hours after activation I could no longer get on the internet. I send an email and on the 4th go round someone finally escalates it. They say 5 days for an answer.  Sunday screen freezes while texting.  Monday texts show as being drafts even though they were sent.  I still cannot use my phone for anything but texting so it's going back and hello iPhone.The phone itself.  I'll talk about the keyboard since that was the big draw for me.  I have a few complaints about it.  First the keys are too rounded so for me they were really hard to type on.  Maybe that is a personal preference.  The function options are in red which are very difficult to see even in good light.The return key is right next to the A so every other word I would be back on the home page with a draft saved.  It was a major inconvenience.I cannot NOT recommend this phone enough if for no other reason than Virgin Mobile is horrible.  They say they are sorry for my problems like robots and after my 10th call it was so condescending I wanted to scream.So I am out $35 although I am going to write a scathing letter the Virgin Mobile Corporate.  I paid $35 for 30 days of use, not 21.  This is completely unacceptable.  RUN AS FAST AS YOU CAN!!

I have always used Virgin Mobile. I have the Optimus V and decided I liked the look of the Slider. When I got it I instantly liked it. But over the course of 24 hours I had to hard start it 6 times for the wireless internet to function. I have never had any problems with any other devices staying connected. I have sent it back and asked for a new one. Hopefully it was just that phone and not all of the Sliders. I will write another review once I get the replacement. Big Virgin Mobile Fan.

The Virgin mobile service is hard to beat when it comes to price, but there are often connection problems and the outsourced customer service leaves a lot to be desired.  As for the phone itself, it is a basic smartphone.  You can do things that you can do on other smartphones: web surf, download apps, play games, navigation, etc.  However, it is not much fun on the rather small screen.  The resolution is not great either.  It is rather slow and the camera is not very good.  The slide out keyboard on this phone is really useful though and keeps you from having to use the virtual keyboard on the small screen.

I am aware that when you purchase preowned devices, you are taking some risks, but this particular purchase went above and beyond not worth it. The phone has defects, that cannot be fixed. I will not be buying anymore preowned phones from this, or any other website. Money is too valuable to waste.

I was so happy to find this phone on Amazon. No one else had it in stock. Great slider. Great touch screen. All in one. And the Virgin $35 per month plan gives me 300 anytime minute, plus unlimites talk, txt and 2.5 G of high speed data. Perfect.

I got it a week ago. i only give it two stars's review because of its bad battery. it has only 1 day stand-by time with one or tow calls and a few minutes internet surf. I don't know if it is common for a smartphone. but 1 day standby time is unacceptable.besides, i also found the machine freezing suddenly. i have to take the batter off and then reboot the machine.over all, it is not a good smartphone.

It's a bit pricey, but totally worth it. This was my first phone and I was very excited. The first week the battery life sucked- but as time went by, it lasted longer and longer. I can access the internet practically anywhere and texting was fast and fun. I really love this phone.

The LG Optimus Slider is a pretty good phone. I have used it for about a month, and so far have only a couple complaints: Facebook and YouTube apps are slow and fail consistently; and the slider has very poor battery life. One full charge will last about 8 hours, depending on background applications. I seemed to have improved battery life by moving apps to the sd card, though.Overall, its really a decent phone. The OS runs smoothly at most times and it doesn't drop calls like my old rumor touch!

I've had this phone a month and I love it. Although I took off a star because the battery sucks! I constantly have to have a charger near by because it doesn't keep a charge.

it's amazing to me how many people complain about phones, while knowing nothing about them...FYI this is not a 500GB hard drive with more RAM then you have brains computer...its a phoneFYI you almost never turn your phones off...try clearing your caches every once and while to help with these so called "memory issues"you use your phone constantly and never give it a rest(no, charging isnt a rest) and then wonder why you have problems...treat your phone better and you might be surprised at the results...even these so called "light users"if you were forced to be "on" 24 hours a day 7 days a week...i bet you wouldnt be too quick to respond either...these are smaller computers...computers need rest tooI had the Optimus V for 2 years, then upgraded to the slider...I always wanted the original to have a physical keyboard...same great phone, its a little faster, battery life is better then the original...some things take a little getting used to if you came from the original V, but if its a brand new smartphone for you then it wont even matter (button placement, etc)all and all a great little smartphone, does everything i need and then some...

Okay this phone its okay for the first 4 months after that is a piece of crap :/ ... so be careful and really consider buying this phone it crashes a lot and sometimes it turns off by itself and does not turn back on until you remove the battery so yea :/

THE PHONE WAS NOT NEW!!!. It had scratches, and because had been used it had an account which gave me problems to reactivate it. In addition, the delivery took long.

I received this phone a few days ago and love it.  It is very easy to use, the screen is nice and clear.  I use the touch screen when texting a word or two, but mainly use the slider keyboard when texting more since I find it to be much easier and faster due to accurracy. I recommend this phone and the Triumph which my daughter has and loves.

UPDATE:I have found out that the 3G software is the number one battery drainer. If you live where you have a wireless network and use it to connect and the 3G function will turn off. When that happens your battery will last a long time...mine has gone three days now and still shows a full battery. :-)*************************************************************I will spare you all the many functions and features of this mobile as they are clearly written in other reviews but will comment on just a few of the positive and negative points.For the money and functionality I think this is the best smart/slider on the market for personal use. Yes there are much better more expensive ones but pound for pound this is an amazing personal mobile.Also, if you use Virgin as the provider their prices for service are literally a fraction of the big guys. If you live in and only travel to cities that have coverage (they use the Sprint network) it's a NO BRAINER to use these guys. I get unlimited everything for under 50 a month! I dare you to find a better deal!The only reason I did not give these this mobile five stars it two issues.The first and most important is it has a dreadful battery. You must have a charger with you if you leave the house for more then 3-4 hours and you plan on heavy use. You can change a lot of options and save some battery life and there are some new third party batteries coming on the market just for this mobile but honestly, LG should be embarrassed by this cheapo battery.The second reason is that Virgin doesn't offer service out of the US. I live in the UK and US and obviously I can't use it when I am there (UK).Otherwise I would give this mobile 5 out of 5.

Overall it solves most of the problems with the Optimus V - more memory, slide out keyboard, slightly faster CPU, Android 2.3.The faster CPU is enough to make Netflix work - though the Amazon store version didn't work, but the Google store version did.My only gripe is that it keeps having issues with WiFi - it'll "forget" it has a WiFi connection after about an hour or so and I have to cycle the WiFi off/on to make it "remember".I'm happy - I have a no-contract phone that I pay $25/mo for (new plans are $35).I paid $150 at Best Buy and Amazon used to have a lower price than $199 - I wouldn't pay $199 for this phone.

I bought this phone about a year ago super excited because I had switched from the OV and really wanted a keyboard for faster typing. It broke about a month ago and the touch screen COMPLETELY doesn't work. I can't use the screen and if it weren't for the keyboard, I wouldn't be able to use the phone. I had to use all apps by using the arrows on the keyboard. I have reset the entire phone twice and it still won't work. The overall phone (while it worked...) was great. If you switched from OV there are a lot of benefits...Plus---The keyboard is A LOT faster than swype or the regular android keyboard on the OV and makes typing very easy.-The speech to text search app in the phone works great and a lot better than the OV-No "butt-dialing" -- the phone doesnt open by touching any of the home buttons on the bottom of the device.-Sound is louder but not too much better for quality.-Faster and better looking quality on the screen.-The phone is really comfortable in your hands, yet still a good size (not too big or small)-The camera is *a little* bit better than the OV. Takes better picture .-Battery life much longer! Lasts at least 3 hours longer than OV-Call quality betterCons---Very little space -- I had constant notifications that I could not download apps because I was low on space. I.e., I suggest getting a second microSD for extra space when needed.-I don't know if anyone else has been in my situation of it breaking, but it could happen on another slider or with a similar situation.OVERALL:I think this is a great phone for someone who wants to be able to connect easily and doesn't have time to slow down in there lifestyle. Although if you've had the OV before, you probably won't see much of a difference. That just might be me. I recommend it for people who want a smartphone that is simple and easy to use. A GOOD PHONE TO HAVE!

I bought this phone over a year ago and she still likes it... That's a big plus in a teenager that can go through stuff like yesterday's headlines.

Phone came right on schedule. In great condition. It works pretty well, but that is what i was expecting from an older phone. I could not be happier with it though.

this phoen is awesome because it came in the package and the box it came in it wasnt even damaged at all and it got here a day earlier so yea im very happy with this product and the person who sold it to me

Like most people I started out with a contract carrier. First it was Cell One which became Alltel which became Verizon. Oh Verizon. Actually Verizon, I should thank you for shackling me with the same piece of junk phone for a year & a half, without your persistence in replacing my phone 5 different times with the same refurbished paper weight equivalent, instead of giving me something else that was at least comparable but worked, I never would of looked elsewhere which means I never would of considered Virgin Mobile. Needless to say by phone replacement number 5 I was so fed up I was counting the months like a prison inmate counting down the last days to freedom.When the time drew near for me to be able to tell Verizon they could take that phone and shove it (it was the Motorola Rival by the way) I had already begun doing research. Initially I was planning to go with Sprint. I know many a satisfied people who love Sprint but I personally don't love the 80.00 a month phone bills nor do I have to have the top of the line in cell phone technology. So I decided to head for the prepaid sector. I narrowed my search down to Boost Mobile, Virgin Mobile and Straight Talk as they all work in my area. At the time Boost had the Samsung Prevail and the Black Berry Curve as their smart phone options while Virgin Mobile had the Optimus V and the Samsung Intercept. Straight Talk had the Nokia E71 which I initially purchased online only to be told at the store when I went to pick it up that it would not work in my area despite what it may of said online. So it came down to Boost or Virgin. After much research and video review watching I decided to go with Virgin Mobile and the Optimus V.Initially I was in love with the V (I was coming from the Motorola Rival after all) but I just couldn't stand not having a sliding physical qwerty and web browsing seemed pretty sluggish and I couldn't always get the screen to scroll in dialogue boxes on apps like Facebook. Then this puppy came along. I've had my Optimus Slider for nearly two months now and for me it is a HUGE step up from the V. Besides the obvious physical qwerty board which I think is great, I also love the speeds that I'm getting when browsing and the speeds with which I'm downloading apps and updates now. Not to mention Facebook actually works the way it should on this phone. No more dialogue box issues. Now is this a super computer of a smart phone? No of course not and at 47.75 with tax a month for 1200 anytime minutes and unlimited text and data, I don't expect it to be. It is however, everything I could ask for and it does exactly what I need it to do and it does it well enough to suit me.Pros:800mhz processor which is up from the Optimus's 600mhz. That extra 200 mhz goes a long way in improving speeds for downloads, web browsing and game play.Updated operating system of Android 2.3.4 which is up from Optimus V's Android 2.2.Sliding QwertyOver all build quality. Feels very solid and nicely constructed inyour hands.Monthly fees are excellent! 47.75 with tax for 1200 anytimeminutes, unlimited text and data. There are other plan options of course if this is too much or too little for you.Screen responsiveness is very nice and colors are clear andbright.The camera works well enough for me too. If I need something impressive, that what my Canon Rebel is for.The blinking status light is also a nice touch. I can see it all the way across the room and it lets me know if my phone is charged or if I have a missed call or text message.Cons: Battery life. For heavy cell phone users this will be a problem. Isuggest either carrying your charger at all times or picking upeither an extended battery or a couple of extra regular batteries.I'm not a heavy user but my phone was drained alot because ofstandby time and the phone searching for a signal at work where no signal could be found. I solved this by downloading the Juice Defender App and now my battery will last me all day with light tomoderate use.The other cons are mild ones that I have with the physical qwerty. The first being the placement of the back button key. Unfortunately they opted to position it beside the "A" button which is a bit annoying as there are times, not often, but there are times when I'll be typing in a dialogue box and I'll mistakenlyhit the back key when trying to push the A button which causes me to back out of where I am which means I lose what I type. It doesn't matter so much when texting since the text gets saved as a draft. Doesn't happen all the time but the fact that it can happen at all is in itself, rather annoying.My only other con is I wish the top row of keys had been spaced farther away from the sliding portion of the screen. I don't have child sized fingers so my thumbs tend to smash up against the other half of the phone when trying to hit buttons in the top row of the qwerty.Alright then, so there you have it! Over all the Optimus Slider is a fantastic phone and a wonderful upgrade from the Optimus V, especially if you want a sliding qwerty. Biggest down fall being the battery life but there are steps to take and apps that can be downloaded to improve this. Again it's not the top of the line but it is one of the very best phones I think any prepaid company has to offer for that price range. In fact I feel it outshines it's fair share of the more expensive prepaid competition.

This was a Mother's Day gift and it was definitively worth it. The price is relatively low in comparison to Virgin Mobile and the shipping was fast and FREE. The phone works like any other smartphone at half the cost Loved it! :)

I got this phone in a hollow box that was partly open. It had a small piece of bubble rap taped to screen. Since box was smashed I decided to send back. The salesman asked me to handle the return process with the post office my self. It took almost a month to get refund while the salesman tried to convince me it would be better if I took the lost.

Previously I had the samsung intercept. Sometimes it worked normally and was an okay phone, but usually it was god-awful slow and really frustrating. Finally I upgraded to the slider and have been a happy Android user ever since. If you have the intercept, do yourself a favor, lower your blood pressure 10pts, and get a different phone!

Finally a Virgin Mobile smartphone that has a Qwerty keyboard! - I do text a lot and hate the virtual keyboards because my fingers never hit the right keys because they're so small, definitely enjoy having the keyboard. Also this is a good little phone a little short in the memory area but works for me.

Nice phone and features. But it seems these smart phones still playing catch up with IPhone. But not that great accomplishment. Battery still a great issue. The phone dies when it reaches 20% juice. Also phone needs sometime to remove and install the battery pack to get to power it back up. Slow phone in general and few open things will suck the power out of it and kill it to halt.

why do I  like this phone, well, this is my first experience with an android phone and it has made the introduction to the technology extremely easy. I don't get frutrated bycomplex features that i can not figure out or get bogged down in features i will nver use. everyday i learn some new cool thing this phone does, like the voice dialer, just hit it ,go to your calendar and hit time and day, say what you want, no typing at all, which was why i wanted the slider , for the keyboard, but with voice you don;t even really use the keyboard that much. I already had an account with virgin mobile with a very old cell phone someone had given me, so the easiest thing was to just stay and try out the new phones.  i live in rural washington and people believe you must have verizon to have decent coverage. not so. there are new cell towers going up all the time, and i can truelysay that there is nothing my friends can do with there more expensive carrier and phone that i can;t do with mine. so if you are intrested in diving into the android world, this is the way to go, lots of features,easy, cheap, but still getting the fun of it all.... do wish the screen was bigger, but think that might make it more prone to dropping , as it is i have never dropped this phone because it fits in my hand perfectly.

I've had this phone less than 24 hours and its going back to Amazon.  I'm currently a Verizon customer with a non-smart phone (I use it just to text and make calls [gasp!]) but wanted to lower my monthly bill.  First, its not $35 per month, its $35 + tax.  I wasn't expecting that but when you're trying to lower your bill every buck counts.As far as the phone itself, I had a couple of issues with it.  First, the instruction book told you to first put in the battery but did not tell you how to remove the cover!  You had to read further on about the SD card to find out how to remove the cover.  The next item that bothered me was the slide out keypad.  It's too easy to slide and it is impossible to see the numeric symbols unless you are in a bright room. The phone also comes with unneeded bloatware that you cannot remove.Concerning the service, my first call was dropped.  The "bars" fluctuate from zero to 3.  Hey, if I can't sit in my house and make a call, then I don't want it.Thank you Amazon for the easy return policy.  Canceling with Virgin Mobile takes a little work.

My phone self-destructed after one year. It started doing strange things like showing the battery as being charged and then all at once saying it was depleted (It never had a long battery charge). It also will not turn off- when you turn it off-it starts back up. It also never had much memory to download apps-it is always saying "low memory" and I have had to delete some apps I like.

First, some background. I have owned several Virgin Mobile phones. Starting with the Rumor Touch - which was OK, but I needed more. Then the Samsung Intercept, which was an acceptable Android Phone if all you used it for was calls and texts and never installed an app. Apps would take 10-30 seconds to load, even after the update to 2.2. Following that I owned the Optimus V, which was a couple miles ahead of the Intercept. The extra processing power gave it a little more oomph. It did have one flaw, however, which was solved by this phone. The Swype text input on the Optimus V was extremely annoying! The Slider has a great slide-out keyboard.Coming shipped with Android 2.3, the LG Optimus Slider uses its extra processing power to its full potential. The available memory seems to be greater as I still have ~35-40MB internal free after installing all of my apps and moving what I can to the SD card. Apps open almost instantaneously on this phone, and are much more responsive than the other VM Android phones I have experience with. Service is great as it always has been for me (YMMV). A fully charged battery will give me a full day's usage with JuiceDefender turned on.The one, and possibly only flaw I have with this phone and it's predecessor, is that the Max Volume isn't really MAX enough. Still too quiet to hear it ring over the car stereo with the windows down.Overall - a great phone! Qualifies for VM's grandfathered plans (If you still have their $25/mo as an existing customer) too!

Bought the phone for my daughter; but when it arrived, our service provider said it won't work in our area!

i love my telephone, the gps works great, and it slides and that is wht sold me on it.... i love it.

The internal memory is pretty small. If you're going to use the Facebook app (which just bloats more and more with every update), you're not going to fit many more apps.Also, the battery life has degraded quite a bit; now it has trouble lasting a full day. It also lags more than it used to. (Maybe it's time to get a new phone...)

I was very pleased with the LG Optimus Slider until I was disconnected from call after 35 minutes because the charge had dropped to 15%. The phone had been fully charged at the beginning of the call so I was concerned about battery life. I turned off Wi-Fi, GPS, and Bluetooth & re-charged the battery to 100%; even though I did not use it during the night the charge had dropped to 5% when I picked it up the next morning.It seems that "Background Data" in the "Accounts & Sync" settings menu was the hungry power eater. Since I un-checked that feature the battery life has become more durable (I did a factory reset and reboot as well, just to be sure). The battery now drains at about 1% every couple of hours when the phone is idle. However, when the Background Data Sync is turned on you can almost see the battery drain as you watch. Wi-Fi, & GPS also drain the battery rapidly when they are enabled.I contacted Virgin Mobile by e-mail when I first experienced this problem. They just got back to me today and offered to replace the phone because it was still under warranty. But now I do not think it is a problem with defective hardware - it's just a matter of not using the Background Data Sync feature and being very careful about using Wi-Fi, GPS or Bluetooth.

I went from the Optimus to this phone and the original is way better, it doesn't have as many cool features as the slider, but is far less glitchy then this one. It shuts off 4 or 5 times a day by itself, locks up constantly, an sometimes wont even send messages. I don't give this phone a very good rating due to these factors, they need to fix the software on this phone majorly. It is a fast phone, an has good connection just glitches pretty badly.

This was the best price I could find for the phone and plan everything was very easy thanks again Amazon.

I researched this phone for a very long time.  I moved from Sprint (HTC EVO 4G) to this phone and Virgin Mobile.I use my phone for:- Surfing the web (Wifi in home and 3G while away) Both are fast and the 3G is on par with Sprint's speed.- Tethering with EasyTether and my laptop. (Keeps the phone charged while I use 3G on the go with my PC)- Listen to music from Amazon Cloud- Teamviewer to remote connect to my computers at home when needed- Alarm/Calculator- Chat- Email- Navigation (Turn by turn voice activated)Like with my previous phone, you must charge this phone once a day, so that was no surprise to me.  The screen is smaller than the EVO but the slide out keyboard makes it up for me.  I also like the swype feature and do recommend surfing the web in landscape mode.I personally never played games on my cell phone, so I'm not sure if they would run very well.  I think it has the processing power to do it, but the internal memory is limited, so keep in mind you'll only have about 100MB of internal memory for applications.It does come with a 2GB memory card, so make sure to save your pics and any apps that let you move to the memory card should be saved here.The phone is very nicely constructed and doesn't look "cheap" or like a bargain phone.  In reality this phones equivalent is sold for A LOT more on the major carriers, so $200 is worth it.  In my case I was lucky enough to get it new for about $155.  I guess since people are getting refund checks Amazon and sellers have temporarily jacked up the prices. If they make a profit at $155, then I wonder how much the phone actually costs them! ;)My only NEGATIVE remarks about this phone:- I noticed some apps caused my phone to lock up.  I seemed to have narrowed it down to animated apps and backgrounds.  By lock up I mean it would not let me easily switch through the screens when I'd power it back on.- Also, I can't seem to find the setting on this phone to allow some time before requiring me to draw my unlock pattern after I press the power button. At the moment, if I press the power button to put it in my pocket or so I don't accidentally touch the screen while I'm walking to my truck... when I press the button again it wants me to redraw the unlock pattern.  I wish it had a timer.

This phone arrived within three days, but I'm not able to activate it. First of all, it is USED. The front plate is all scratched.After I charged the battery up fully and tried to activate it by removing the battery and having to write down the serial number and meid Hex numbers that were faded in several areas. I noticed the microSD card was missing! I then put the battery back in and turned the phone on and it was locked! I called VIrgin Moble Help Support and they were not able to get it activated either.The box was also missing the manual and there were NO numbers on the box for the Serial # or Meid Hex #.This phone is going back! It seems that the company &#34;KRZY Mobile - TalknTree&#34; is  one person office. I called two different phone #'s to the office and the same person answered and said that he is waiting for the Amazon person to get into the office.Sounds funny to me!

Thiis phone is nice to look at and has some cool apps. I especially like the fact that this is a slider phone, I'm a keypad kind of girl & the touch screen works just as well as the pad, I also like the free games and the lwp I have downloaded. The only problm I have with this phone is it freezes when I'm using my data such as Facebook, Utube and Instagram. It will say sorry but (the already mentioned) has stopped working force close or report, I have to tap force close and tap back in its very annoying!!  But for the price I paid for this phone it'll do untill I decide to upgrade!!

Well, first off, this is my FIRST smartphone! YAY ME! Anyway, with the Virgin Mobile plan of $35 a month, you can't go wrong. You will get everything an iPhone user gets for almost a third of the price!!! Me being a college student, this is what I need and can afford.OK, so this phone is AMAZING!!! I LOVE IT!!! Alright, the battery will most likely be bad (I never tried it), but install an Extended Battery for it like I did (READ MY REVIEW ON IT FOR MORE INFO!!!).Anyway, the slide out keyboard is awesome and useful when typing for accuracy. Speaking of typing, I DO NOT like the swype keyboard, but it is optional so don't worry. Now the slide out keyboard does have one big downside..The stupid back button is next to the A button.. So if you slip and click the back button, you will lose your typed message.. Also the spacebar on the slide out keyboard is complete TRASH. You literally have to push directly in the center in order for it to pick up the keypress, you can't just press the edge of the spacebar.. Whatever, it's still faster then the touchscreen when aiming for accuracy.Now, the phone does not have that much internal memory. Now you're thinking to yourself, "It comes with an SD card, I don't need internal memory." WRONG! The stock apps suck up a lot more memory then you would think... Yes you can move some apps you download to the SD card, but most won't let you. So you won't be able to install a HUGE amount of apps. Plus remember that it will ask you to update apps (you can ignore it though) and that will use more internal memory for internal apps. Supposedly, you can ROOT and delete these stock apps, etc, but I'm not down for the risks and plus I haven't found a reliable up-to-date guide.As for the phone itself, I LOVE IT SO MUCH! I moved from a Pantech AT&T; Prepaid GoPhone to this phone and it is the best choice I've made in a long time! I have come across a couple Wi-Fi glitches, but maybe that's because I don't live in a cell service area..All in all, I recommend this phone to anyone wanting a GREAT smartphone with a top-line Operating System with a CHEAP monthly plan! Who needs the iPhone? All you're getting is debt! Android LG Optimus Slider FTW! :)

Bought this phone for my son who is just entering High School.  With band, soccer, and other after-school activities, it is hard to keep up with him.  With this phone and a low-cost monthly no-contract plan, he can call and tell me where he is or where he is going.  I also can call/text him when we need to connect.  Since texting is a "critical" aspect of youth these days, the slide out QWERTY keyboard makes him "cool" and allows him to easily text messages.  The phone also has WiFi, GPS, etc... all the "toys" that make the phone useful in as more than just a communication device.  I doubt the Slider is physically as robust as my old-fashioned flip phone. The Slider, however, has far more functionality than flip. I guess our respective levels of expertise are appropriate for our respective phones. Sad commentary on my part!

I love this phone. It was easy to set up and start using. I'm glad I chose the Optimus slider with the keyboard instead of the touchscreen only because I like having actual keys. The touch screen features are easier than I thought it would be but sometimes I end up opening the wrong ap or typing wrong keys with the touch screen. At first, the battery would need to be recharged mid day but I got a battery ap so now I only charge every other day or so, depending on usage. For the price, this is a great phone and I would definitely recommend it to others.

I bought this phone activated it and bought an unlimited plan. At the time of activation i was told my area WAS COVERED. After thirteen days of no online service, no phone service, and barely the ability to text, after being told one excuse after another while on the phone again and again with Virgin Mobile. Today i FINALLY was told the truth. Which was that they had NEVER provided service for my area. I would add it took them minutes to TAKE my money but they have to investigate whether i will get a refund or not, i figure i will get nothing but MORE EXCUSES and lies, which will take five to thirteen days. So now i have a phone i cant use, sell, or return. At the time of this posting this debackle has cost me over two hundred dollars and i have absolutely nothing to show for it. The phone is LOCKED into Virgin Mobile and Sprint so i cant even switch to a carrier who DOES actually service this area. Do your homework prior to purchase.

Great phone easy to use. I love how easy it is to text using this phone.  Only down side to this phone is the very short battery life. The battery gets very hot when charging.

I got this phone from Radio Shack for $150 This is a great phone. With the $35 a month who can beat the price! The call quality is very clear and I haven't dropped a call yet. The coverage is not the best but it gets coverage everywhere I have gone. The only issue that I have is that the battery only lasts me half the day. I also found a coupon code for it. If you enter the code DTNXQGPG during web activation under the Kickbacks Code field you receive 60 free minutes when you top up.

Every time that I try to log onto g-mail, and I attempt to enter my password, it automatically trys to do a web search when I enter the second character of my password. Therefore I cannot access my G-mail acct. with it. When scrolling through my list of contacts, it too easily dials the contact, even though I had no intent of doing so...even with a light touch.

The Lg Optimus Slider is by far the crappiest phone I ever owned. I recently switched from Verizon to Virgin Mobile for a cheaper bill and it was the worse decision of my life. The phone froze on me the first day I got it, battery lasted about 4 hours off the charger, and calls dropped instantly after 1 minute. I waited the recommended two days for the phones service to kick in and found out that I couldn't text anybody unless they were under Virgin Mobile, Sprint,or Boost Mobile. I called customer service the same day and told them about my problem, I reset my phone did everything they said to do and the problem still persisted. By the end of the week I called customer service 8 times and reset my phone a total of 5 times and my problem still isn't being dealt with. I wanted a phone that I could text, call, and chat with anyone on any service provider on but with Virgin Mobile I just couldn't do that. I strongly suggest going with T-Mobile or anyone else that isn't Virgin Mobile. Trust me I only bought this phone because of the reviews it received, but this phone gets too much credit for being just plain crappy. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE!

good phone good battery would get it again i would tell people to get it good but pretty dang close

At first I thought the battery life sucked  but after i figured out the app manager this thing last all day and half way into the night. its strong I drop things a lot so if it hasn't broke yet then its tough enough for me. great phone for your money.

I have not had any problems with this phone whatsoever.  It works very well, screen is clearly visible in sunlight if the brightness settings are turned up.  Its android 2.3.4 (at time of this review) so I havent run into any issues with apps or anything.  For 160.00 its a good deal.  Have not tried rooting or anything so I cannot comment on that process if youre looking for that info.

The smartphone met my expectations and it was very inexpensive(purchased used).  The item arrived promptly and it works well except that the touch-scroll feature is a little bit jammed-- I usually have to tap it a few times to get it working.  I am still learning how to use it.  The manual that comes with it doesn't even come close to describing all the features and settings, so I will have to go online to learn more about them.  Overall, however, I am very pleased with this purchase.

This is my first smartphone. I've held off getting one because I didn't want to spend a lot on the phone or the bill.  The phone is pretty decent.  The battery lasts longer if you download an app like Juice Defender, though sometimes it feels like my battery still runs out fast.  Also, it tends to lose the data connection intermittently so I constantly have to reboot my phone.  I'm willing to deal with the downsides in order to continue having a decent cell phone bill.  I also specifically chose this phone for the physical keyboard.  I cannot type on a touchscreen keyboard to save my life.  I fat finger everything!  The touchscreen is ok simply for navigating through the phone and selecting things, as long as I don't have to type.

Have had this phone almost 3 months, and have yet to have any major problems. Its pretty fast, takes decent pictures, and the apps run smoothly. (Except the Facebook app which I hate anyway, so I just use the browser version) Also, videos play great when you're in the right area. I would reccommend buying a screen protector and case.

I've had virgin mobile for a while, its a good phone considering the price of the phone and the service. i am pleased with the product

as i said everything great except for 6 months now i haven't been able to get or send pictures to ANYONE. I have gr.kids i love getting pics from then and sending them pics. Can't do it anymore,and keep getting standard answers for virgin mobile. i keep resetting the darn thing, just like they say and nothing helps. Have reset 4 times now and still no results. They told someone it was because they didn't let the phone sit 4 hours, not so i made sure i did more than once. I think they don't know how to fix it,so they just send u the standard email.

I've had my LG Optimus Slider for 3 months and, in terms of function, it's pretty basic and works reasonably well. That's assuming it works.Within 2 weeks of getting it my battery stopped working. Virgin Mobile replaced it quickly and everything was fine for about 2 months, when suddenly my phone attempts to boot up but just shuts off after a few seconds, after the screen froze. I call VM again, they send me a new phone without a battery, which comes very quickly. Take the replacement battery out of my busted phone and the brand new phone doesn't work either.I'm done. This is clearly non-functional.

I've always been computer savvy but up until recently failed to see the appeal of a smart phone. I switched to the Slider off of an older, clunkier phone that barely had a "store contacts" feature. Now I've had it for several months and I'm pretty happy with it.The Android OS makes it very intuitive, customizable, and fun. I've dropped it twice from elbow height and both times there wasn't a scratch on it. It sometimes takes a while to open processor-heavy programs but in general is pretty quick with most of its functionality (barring shoddy apps that crash if they aren't designed well). The full keyboard might be a difficult adjustment if you've never had a smart phone before, but in general I'm pretty happy with it, and the sound is surprisingly crisp, even when you use speaker phone. The external speaker is a little tinny with music, but it IS a phone. Likewise, the camera (3.2 megapixels) gets the job done if you have good lighting, but it isn't exquisite.Virgin Mobile is a great provider if you're like me and live in an urban environment. In big cities, it's everything you need: cheap ($35/month for a great data plan, hot damn), reliable, and reasonably fast (3G is all right, but it's much faster when connected to wifi). However, beware if you stray too far from a city, as you'll lose reception pretty quickly.Overall, it's a great phone. I'm sure there are better phones and better plans, but for $35/month and about $200, the Optimus Slider is a fantastic choice.

Just a few words about this phone. I bought it for this amazon seller "Phone Etc". I received it a few days after a bought and I have been using is for less than a week. I LOVE THIS PHONE. it does everything the Samsung Intercept does but it does it better. It is faster and A LOT MORE responsive to the touch. This phone just saved the life of the Intercept as I donated to a friend before I put a hammer to it. I used to tell people I wanted to smash this little sucker so bad but I am so glad i got the LG Optimus Slider. It is a great phone. I even used Skype and it workds great on this phone too.

I bought this phone as a replacement for the LG Optimus V (already from Virgin Mobile) and I really like it.A few things that I noticed:- GPS is much faster, and is actually usable in real time with navigation (I had issues with the previous phone)- Keyboard is really nice to use, slide really smoothly and I actually find the 4 Android buttons on the left pretty useful- Android 2.3 Gingerbread provides a really nice touch to this phone, and is much faster than 2.2, download management, application and power management are some of the new nice features of 2.3- Last but not least, the memory!!! twice as much as the Optimus V, this is really the main reason I bought this phone. It was really annoying to have to delete most applications just to install a new one that cannot be moved to the sd card. Because they are a couple like maps which take a lot of space and that you cannot move. Really frustrating...The main downside is the battery life which is still not much better than the previous Optimus VI just want to clarify that I bought this phone on cyber Monday for 99$ at Virgin Mobile. So not that much for a nice upgrade!Anyway, I think this is the best phone from Virgin Mobile so far

moved up to android when i lost my cheap Samsung- super intuitive and great to have. came nice and quickly, very intuitive if youve never had an android, it's easy.BTW there's a much more detailed guidebook on line[...]enjoy!

I bought this cell phone, LG Optimus V Slider to use on Virgin Mobile's Talk Plus plan for $35 a month. I live I a zip-code where there is coverage in part of the zip-code and not in all of the zip-code. There is an ATT tower a  mile from my house, within visible sight of my house. I have a cell phone, not Virgin Mobile, and it works just fine from my house. Virgin Mobile uses the Sprint Network. Before I purchased the LG Optimus V Slider I searched their Coverage Map on the internet from my house, at the library and went to a Sprint Store to make sure I had coverage from the Sprint Network. They all said I had coverage at my address. So, I purchased the phone. What could go wrong? What could go right, nothing!!!!?  I called Virgin Mobile to activate the service, and I was connected to someone in India who told me I didn't have service at my address. I told her three maps from Virgin Mobile and one from Sprint from different locations said I did have coverage at my address. She said "so sorry" and hung up. Then I emailed Virgin Mobile and asked them about the issue. That was a week ago and I haven't heard back from Virgin Mobile. They said in the auto response they had a huge backlog of requests. I wonder why? So, I am going to return the phone and stay away from Virgin Mobile forever. Some people swear by Virgin Mobile, I am inclined to swear at them. I give the LG Optimus phone a rating of **** and Virgin Mobile a rating of *.

Nice Phone! Good sound on phonecalls. Apps are plentiful . Coverage and plan are a bargain. Battery life could be longer but if you manage your apps right it lasts almost all day. Camera is fair and video was fair too. Enjoyable and lightweight. And keyboard is a bonus .

I've had this phone for almost 3 years at this point. It's a rugged phone that has survived drops and water without dying, but I recently dropped it in the lake, and am working on getting a new one before it succumbs to water damage.The Good:- Hardy. It's survived a lot without much issue. Works really well as a phone. I've been wanting to upgrade for months, but haven't come up with a good reason why I needed a new phone because this one works really well for what I need.- The slide out keyboard is amazing. The keys are well spaced with a lot of options.- The buttons are really well placed-Battery Life is good on most days. There are some days where it stays on all day and some where it dies after a few hours. Mostly if you don't run apps that drain the battery, and you turn off stuff like wifi and gps, it'll be fine. If you're going to be in an area with poor service, though, it's best just to put it in airplane mode.- Speakers are good- Camera is good, but the camera button on the phone is useless.- Mine came with a 2gb SD card which has been great, but most apps don't have an option to install to the SD card. But the SD card corrupted a week ago, so I had to reinstall everything that was on it.-- The On Screen keyboard is a Swype keyboard, which is awesome, but it's an early version with no option to upgrade, which sucks.The Bad- Comes with Android 2.3.4 and never upgrades.- Camera is ok, but not great. Grainy and dark often. Focus doesn't work, and there's no flash.- Internal Storage is abysmal, and the bloatware takes up so much of the space that I'm often uninstalling/reinstalling the apps I really want on there when I want to use them. Anything I want is just fighting for whatever space is left. It comes with a bunch of redundant junk that you'll never use and can't uninstall, including:-- AirG Chat-- Downloads (There's 2 apps called &#34;downloads&#34; one is for the browser, one is for VM)-- Email-- Facebook. (This one's the killer because any upgrades are placed on a different partition, so if you want it up to date, it takes up about 50mb of your storage. It's huge)-- Gmail, Calendar, Maps, and Google Play (Maps and Play are also big if you want them up to date)-- Latitude-- Messaging-- News and Weather-- Places, Poynt, and SCVNGR-- Virgin The Feed-- Twitter-- Voice Dialer and Voice Search (You don't even need to use these because you just hold the search button until it gives you the option to use your voice. Unfortunately, voice on my phone quit working within the last few months.)-- Youtube

This is a good phone but if you are in an area with a low Sprint signal your battery use will be high as long as you have on anything but phone service. The recommendation by other reviewers to put it in airplane mode and then back in data mode does not improve things with Android 2.3.4. The good news is you can easily disable data. It also comes with a USB cable which allows you to charge it anytime you are within arms length of a computer. For me that is everywhere but in my car so the battery issue is not a problem. The slide out keyboard makes texting easy even for the "hunt and peck" typist like me.

A little background. I got my first cell phone in 1990 before anyone else I knew personally had one. I didn't get it because it was cool. I got it because I had a job that involved being on-call, and having one gave me the chance to never miss a call-in, thus paying for the phone, the cost of service, and then some. I didn't consider a cell phone a toy then, and I still don't.By the mid-90's, I didn't need a cell phone, but they started to become standard equipment. So I always had a cell phone, but never the newest, and it often just sat in my car unused. That's how I first became a Virgin Mobile customer.So first a few things about the service: With this phone, you have to have a data plan, but I was able to transfer my phone number from my basic Virgin Mobile phone to this one without any problem. And my cash balance went to pay for the monthly service, too. It took me no more than 5 minutes online to set up my new data plan, and activate my phone. That was painless.Virgin Mobile uses the Sprint network, but the coverage where I work is only marginal. One of the things that attracted me about this phone is that it can connect using WiFi. What I didn't realize was while the WiFi works for the data services, it doesn't work for voice or text messaging. So much of the day at work I can send and receive e-mail, but I only get text messages when I move near the window. (I don't really care about not getting phone calls as anyone I really want to talk to knows my work number.)My WiFi at work uses MAC address filtering, and static IP addresses in the Class-A space, rather than the more common Class-C with DHCP. The manuals weren't very clear on how to set that all up, but a little bit of Googling, and I had the phone set-up to use my work WiFi. But that's essentially an Android OS issue, and not directly related to the phone itself.Now, finally to the phone: Given my history, I can't really compare it well to other smart phones, but there are some things I know. My fat fingers don't do well with the on-screen keyboard, so I am very, very happy I got a slider phone. The keyboard has some quirks to it, but for such tiny keys, I'm amazed at how well I have picked-up using it. I'm not typing like a teenager, but I'm doing pretty well.I'm a little disappointed with battery life. When I'm at work for 12 hours, even with the GPS turned-off, I can be down to 10-15% battery by the end of the day. But that's partially because the WiFi uses power, and the ranging it does to find that signal for the phone/text messaging service uses power, too. I suspect that most people wouldn't have the same issues I'm having with it.The charger is essentially USB with a micro-B end on the cable, which means it's easy to charge off of wall adapters, or a USB port on any computer. The phone recharges very quickly off the wall adapter, and fairly quickly directly off a computer or powered USB hub, so it doesn't take much to keep the phone going until I get home to plug it in for overnight.The screen is big enough for my 51 year old eyes, and I like it's level of sensitivity. I don't accidentally do things, and it does what I want.But back to the service: Verizon has a little better coverage in my area, but my goodness -- for the price, I just love the Virgin Mobile plan. I'm paying $35, while friends are paying $85. Sure, they've got their price locked-in for 2-years, while my monthly plan could go up next month, what are the odds that it would go up higher than what they're paying?So a month and a half into owning my first smart phone, I'm still very happy with my choice. I'm now constantly connected to my e-mail (which was my goal), and I've found a few apps that come in handy, too. All with a keyboard that my fat fingers can actually use! Who could ask for more?

Great, tough, easy to handle phone. My first smart phone. Slide-out keyboard is very nice, nice sized buttons on keypad. Holds battery charge well. Many convenient features. Very happy with this phone!

Just got it today and was very excited to play with it! Its really fast, nice and easy to deal with.The bad part is the battery - I was exploring the new features for about 3 hours while charging it - the phone charged only 50 percent(!?). So I thought of turning it off and charging it. I plugged it in at 7% charge and turned it off. After 2 hours and 20 min of charge I turned it back on and saw that it charged 53%? thats gotta be a joke... FrustratingUP-date: I figured out that the charge is way faster when it is connected to an outlet instead of my laptop. Seems like USB ports on a laptop do not produce enough power to charge it faster...

This was my first smart phone.  I chose it because it was generally rated well, and it has a physical slider keyboard.  The layout of the physical keyboard was not as good as the Samsung &#34;Rogue&#34; feature phone I had before this LG.  The worst part about this phone is the miniscule internal memory, which really limits the phone's performance.  I liked having a physical keyboard but quickly outgrew this phone.

Great phone! I love it! Seller was great! Super fast shipping too!! : ) You will love this phone! Love the slide out qwerty keyboard. Much better than a virtual keyboard.

I got this phone about 2 years ago, but not from Amazon. It's worked quite well for me, except for coverage in certain areas where I live which involve large hills. Not the phones fault. :)This is definitely not a &#34;power user&#34; phone, but can suit your needs. With respect to complaints about battery life, it's not that hard to get 2 days, at least, with a little effort. First, don't use GPS or bluetooth unless you need to. Also, lower brightness on the screen and remove screen animations.- As a phone and a general-purpose communications device it works well. As a game platform, I can't say, as the fanciest thing I've played is Solitaire.- As a music player it's decent, especially if you have a nearby bluetooth-compatible base station near by.- The 2 Gb microSD card is nice, when many phones don't include one.- The camera is at best mediocre. There is no flash. The video record isn't bad. This is *not* a multi-media platform!-The screen is easy to read, albeit small by today's standard. I found the on-screen keyboard difficult to use, but...- The included physical keyboard is very nice! The keys are a convenient size, and provide nice physical feedback. Only problem is when texting or emailing auto-correct doesn't function. I'm not sure if this a feature or a bug. :) The only real criticism I have is that there's 3 rows of keys, not 4, so you have to hit the Fn button to enter numbers.I took off 1 star for the camera. If I bought it new today I might deduct another half-star for the older version of Android.All in all not a bad phone if you don't want to spend a lot of money. It's kinda like the older Honda Civics. Useful, but not fancy.I would say the biggest downside is the version of Android (2.3.4) and the mediocre camera. The biggest upside is the physical keyboard. If you don't want or like a slide-out keyboard, you probably don't want this phone. There are several nice phones with newer versions of Android out there between $99 - $150.

I have been using this phone for 2 months. Everything is ok. I like the hardware keyboard very much. The screen is good. Android 2.3 runs without any problem. But battery life is terrible. Just about 8 hours (10 minutes of talk, several sms's and about 10 minutes of web). GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth are disabled. There is no skype or any other app that drains the battery.I have a Nokia E72 smartphone. The battery lasts for 3-4 days. Huge difference!

I got this phone almost to months ago and it works great. It was about $130 on virgin mobiles website but i got it on hear for 80 dollars. I am glad i found this deal. I would recommend this to someone.The only thing i would complain about is it doesn't allow you to get many app without being low on storage space.

ok i've been having this phone since maybe 2012 and overall this is a decent phone. Back in the day when apps were small in size, i was on cloud 9. Nice size, responsive and qwerty keyboard was all i needed.  Although i did have sporatic functioning of the wifi. Where it would connect to the network then after an idle period would not transmit data. I looked over that prob b/c all i had to do was stop and start wifi to get it to work again. That still happens btw.Fast forward to 2014 and you have problems.1. 512 internal memory - This doesn't cut it for todays apps. Unless you don't install any apps your going to run into memory issues. I've rooted mines in order to install Link2SD which allows you to put internal memory apps on the SD card. That in itself isn't a clear fix b/c even though the app is linked to sd , memory usage still registers under internal memory. Belive me, it sucks when your phone starts giving low memory warnings. It causes you have problems running apps and upgrading them. Almost all apps upgrade frequently and with each update they eat more memory. ( i screen updates now for that reason). That trend won't be ending anytime soon with the larger memory phones coming out.2.  Small screen - most phones these days have large screens that make it easier to type using the screen instead of a qwerty keyboard. (don't get me wrong, i still love the qwerty, but it seems to be going away on newer phones)3. Camera isn't worth using. No flash, any (and i mean ANY) movement creates blurred pics. low light pics are extremely dark but its a low end phone so you shouldn't expect much. But when i compare to some newer phones it makes me want to slowly hide my phone in my back pocket.  Just keep a point and shoot handy.I think nowadays this is more of a older persons phone. If you're someone who isn't concerned about new apps and just want to talk,surf the web and maybe play candy crush you're ok. If you want to store pics/video, have productivity apps galore, play games and surf the web then save your money for something more powerful.

I bought this android phone that I absolutely love. I received it in a week and have no complains about it. I love that it has step-by-step navigation. It did tend to slow down a bit until I bought a new micro memory card 16gb and now its faster than before. I've heard a lot bad things about the phone but I absolutely love it and it works great.

If possible I would give this phone 3  stars. The Optimus Slider is worlds faster and more reliable than my previous Virgin Mobile phone the Samsung Intercept but it still has some problems. It occasionally shuts down and the only way to restart is to remove the battery. Also, sometimes it will get really hot and blow through all your battery power in about an hour as if every app on the phone is running at once. To alleviate this problem I highly recommend the Advanced Task Killer by ReChild. Installing this app appears to have fixed that problem but I have to be dilligent about killing apps. Other than these two issues I've been happy with this phone especially coming from using one of the worst smartphones ever, the Intercept. However, if it breaks I probably won't buy it again. I'll be tempted to try out something else. Overall though I don't regret purchasing this phone and it was worth the low $180 price. However, if you don't need the sliding keyboard I would recommend going with the regular Optimus instead. That phone is lighter and smaller.

Wow, can you believe I still have this cell phone and it still works great!I just like how the keyboard slides out and is easily typable with good size key buttons.I love it.

Bought this phone for my wife who wanted a smart phone. She is  very happy with the phone and finds it easy use, download apps, text etc. She tends to be not very technically oriented but has had no problem downloading and using lots of apps. Amazon had a good price on the phone and the monthly service price with Virgin Mobile is also very inexpensive compared to the contract phones. The only down side is that the coverage via Sprint is not as good as AT&T or Verizon.

LG Optimus Slider Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile) VMM701LGKIT156I hate this phone!! I have had it since September and bought it at the new price. It had great reviews and I very much enjoyed the phone at first. But after about a month the problems started. I haven't even dropped the phone!1) the phone would drop calls with full service!2) often applications will force close saying there is an error3) the Battery Life is terrible! doesn't even last a full day with minimal use, and if I make a phone call or use any applications for any period of time the battery dies fast- like a few hours.4) Also the phone constantly starts running apps I am not using I have a kill app that will kill them. I have it set every 2 minutes but they continue to restart and while the app helps with battery some the constant running of apps kills the battery5) Recently the phone keyboard has been a problem- It will stop working in the middle of use and I will have to restart the phone for it to work again6) It has recently started having a delay from "wake up" to light up the screen just to unlock it and use it7) It has begun "unmounting" my SD card or saying the card is blank- and then I can use any apps or listen to any music that is stored on the SD card. Then the next day or something it will work fine. Restarting does not fix thisI have had this phone replaced already once and I am trying to get Virgin to replace it with another phone- Im even willing to pay the difference.DON'T BUY THIS PHONE it sucks!!

THE SERVICE: I was using a cricket messenger but I have always favored virgin mobile because when I was in high school we got in a wreck up in the woods and I was using a virgin mobile phone at the time, no one had service but me(and they had sprint service). I have been on alot of grey hound trips where I get service 100% of the way through.THE PHONE:The phone is beautiful, its everything I have ever wanted in a phone. I can upload my videos straight to my youtube page, I can watch youtube and have so much fun on it, and google play has free apps, I have only gotten one of the apps but I have looked at the other apps they have and if your an app person this would be great for you!Its slides open real easy. It also arrived in the mail 2 days earlier than the estimated deliver time (earliest time)The picture quality is great.I am inlove with my phone and I would recommend it to any one who wants simplicity and a good looking phone, I like my phones to look good and this one is just wonderful :) This is so great and Im suprised that I paid this low of a price for a good phone like this. I paid 80 for my cricket messenger and it didnt have half of what this has.Go for it! you wont regret it.

This was my very first smart phone. I was very excited to use all of the fancy new gizmos and apps they have. Unfortunately there were many problems. Mainly the battery. They advertise a 12 day standby battery life but what they don't tell you is that several apps just open up on their own and suck the battery dry in a matter of hours. I ended up having to download several &#34;app killers&#34; and &#34;Software scrubbers&#34; just to get my phone to last through the day. Even with these widgets you have to be activating them constantly throughout the day otherwise your phone will die before the end of your shift. I don't know if Android has stepped up their game at all since they made this phone but my father also purchased an Android phone, the Kyocera Rise, and he ran into the exact same problems.

My son wanted to upgrade his phone, yet everything we saw was just o much I felt for someone in Middle school..lol This phone is great he loves it and it came much sooner had what we had expected. And has everything anyone would need on an upgraded phone such as this. It has great weigh to it,feels soild in the hand and can hear perfect. I am so pleased with this phone as much as I am with this seller!! Than you again!!

Received my phone exactly on time, everything was immaculate. The phone is brand new inside the packaging, unopened, and sold for a GREAT price! Thanks!!

Got a deal on this phone- pretty easy to turn it on online, seems to work very well- will be checking into more virgin mobile prepaid phones!

Not a huge fan of this perticular phone. I've had virgin mobile a good 4 years and their phones do not hold up. I switched to this one from the optimus V and while it is an improvement, I'm still not thrilled. Laggy, low memory, constant errors, not to mention its quite flimsy. Sadly enough.  I think the dinosaur flip phones are better than VM's smart phones.

Durable and functional. This phone is outdated now though and lacks many current features. Would buy again if it was 2010.

Absolute garbage. When my boss sends texts to multiple people, I get a blank text. If you decide to attach a pic while sending a text, you can't. If you want to change a pic in a pic message, you can't. You can delete the message and start over... If it "sync"s with your facebook or e-mail accounts, it doesn't recognize those contacts as being in your phones contact list? What are we syncing here? Counter-intuitive piece of junk. Don't buy one.

The phone was supposidely brand new out of the box. I had some major issues activating it. The first time I got this phone almost 2 years ago there were no issues. I loved the phone so much I replace it with the same one. This current one shuts off randomly and freezes up a lot. Since I've had it I've used the soft reset several times. This phone also seems to be spottier with picking up internet service inside my house as well as picking up my wireless router whenever it feels like it I guess. I only paid $80 for this so I can deal with the issues for the time being.

I've been with Virgin Mobile since 2010.  I switched from T-Mobile (Wing was the smartphone I had) to save money and to not be tied to a contract after being laid off and out of work for almost 2 years. Though this isn't my first smartphone, the one I had ran Windows and had lots of problems.Because I was being budget-conscious when I made the switch from contract plans to pre-paid, my first VM phone was the LG Rumor Touch.  It's not a smartphone but it was touch screen and I had internet and email access.  I kept having prolems with the touch screen and realized that the phone just didn't do enough for me as a non-smartphone. I had to switch the phone out at least three times. I was reluctant to buy another LG phone.After having so many problems with my Touch, I decided to buy a new phone.  I wanted either the EVO or the IPhone because my friends who have them swear by them. I was leaning toward the IPhone but I couldn't bring myself to pay $600 for a phone made out of glass with no keyboard, and my friends who use Android said I can do just as much with an Android phone that I could with an IPhone.  I didn't want to spend $300 on the EVO either so I decided to go for the LG Optimus Slider ($179.99 at Target) because it was more in my budget. I had no knowledge about this phone prior to the purchase.I've only had this phone just over 24 hours and I'm in love!  It's a very sturdy, well-built phone and doesn't "feel" cheap. Because I am new to Android, I'm like a kid in a candy store adding all the apps. I don't know how it is in terms of the cost of apps for the IPhone, but so far, every app I wanted that I've added from Google Play (Android Market) has been free. I was also going to buy a separate GPS device for my car but the Google Navigator app comes free on the phone with voice-activated, turn-by-turn directions without the extra cost of a monthly subscription (I had to pay $5 a month for navigation on the Touch). So now I'm saving money on navigation subscriptions and not having to pay extra for another device. I needed a phone with a good calendar and it has great apps for calendaring.Pros:-It's a great phone with lots of features and cool free apps.-It runs and downloads various apps pretty quickly.-Has a keyboard.-Syncs very well with Facebook.-Great smartphone for the price.Cons:Battery life isn't so greatIt may not be as tricked out as an Iphone or HTC Evo, but it does a lot for half the price--and less than half the price of the IPhone.Now I can't say that this phone is better than the EVO or the IPhone because I've never used either one and this is my first Android experience.  I would say that this phone would make a great purchase for someone on a budget looking for a great smartphone and is new to the Android experience.If you are a non-smartphone user looking to make the switch to Android, (and if you are tired of dealing with contracts) this is a great first buy!

Bought this phone to get my foot in the door with a data plan.  Works well.  Love the slide-out keyboard.  Best to charge overnight, though, or I'll be stuck at work without a phone!  Internal storage is low, so I can only install my most-used apps.

ok so basically i only had a week with this phone then it got stolen.i decided to buy another one and cool it

I purchased this phone as an upgrade from my Optimus V I owned for one year. Touch screens are fun, but a keyboard is the most efficient and fastest way to text/email. The Optimus Slider has basically the same layout of the other phone, but has a faster processor and a brighter, cleaner looking display. The call quality is clear as well. The keyboard is easy to use and has decent sized keys. The phone feels solid and substantial in my hand. Obviously, a screen protector and case are needed to protect the phone from getting beat up. Virgin Mobile's plan is cost effective and reasonable. I've had no problem with their service since I signed on in 2006 after getting fed up with the ever rising costs of being locked into a contract with ATT. This phone works well for me and the only thing preventing me from giving it 5 stars is what everyone mentions: lack of battery life. Obviously, that is just part of owning a smartphone. The limitation can be worked around by tweaking the brightness and limiting some of the running apps. Anyone looking for a reasonable cell plan and good performing phone should not hesitate to purchase this phone. It does everything I need and more. Very happy with my purchase!

So happy to have a smart phone. 3G is fine for me. It has my email and since I don't download a lot of media, it surfs website efficiently. I love the free Android apps for Navigation and Search they are voice activated so it is very easy to use while driving, no typing needed.Downside, this phone is a battery hog. Get car charger because you will need it. I have to charge my phone everyday. Using any web feature drains it. I use a bright setting so that also increases battery use daily. I installed free battery saving app and now my phone will last 2-3 days before needing a charge without heavy use. Problem solved!

Its everything you could want in an Android at this price point, BUT the battery doesn't last even through a day of moderate use. That alone is killing this phone for me.

Overall great phone. But be careful with how many apps you get on your phone. You don't have that much internal memory. I have a 30 gb sd card and i have moved all the apps that were able to go over onto the sd card and its still taking internal memory to run them.

If you are still suffering with an Intercept, this is the phone for you! Although the specs say the screen is the same size, the Slider screen is higher resolution and slightly larger. Physically it is a little flatter and wider and it feels like a much more upscale device. There is virtually no lag in the UI, versus the tens of seconds on the Intercept. Physical Android keys mean positive feedback that you pressed one.Games like Angry Birds and Nano Panda run great. Music output is clean, and videos play smoothly. Photos and videos are also an improvement over the Intercept.The Android 2.3 dialer interface is MUCH improved over the one in 2.2 on the Intercept and you'll find yourself using fewer keystrokes and accidentally hanging up or re-dialing a lot less often. Recommend Mintues Checker for Virgin Mobile from the Market to keep track of how many minutes you have left. Skype also works almost okay over the 3G data connection, but there is enough distortion that touch tones don't work. Skype over WiFi is great with a headset, and toll free calls in the US are free on Skype (e.g. conference bridge numbers) and of course don't use any of your Virgin Mobile minutes.Google turn by turn navigation with GPS and satellite images is there, although you have to download a voice synthesis app from the Market before you get voice prompts (it tells you which one to download).Voice dialing is supported, but I highly recommend Choice Dialer+ Free for this phone, as you get confirmation of names before it calls unlike the native Google dialer that will happily start to call your ex-girlfriend or the San Diego Zoo when you asked it to call your Mom.On the downside, battery life isn't as good as an Intercept. While actively fiddling it is surprising how fast it burns through battery. With JuiceDefender and ATK I CAN make it through a business day with about 40% power left. Red lettering on the keyboard is difficult to read in low light and numbers require pressing the Fn key. It also seems slow to charge (takes well over an hour). Also Flash is not supported on this device, but there is a YouTube app. Lack of a light sensor means you sometimes have to manually adjust brightness to avoid being blinded, or to read outside.Like the Optimus V you can enable the hidden WiFi Hotspot function, but unfortunately on this device it still doesn't work. PDANet on the Market does work fine.If you are making an hour or two of calls a day and check email SMS very 30 mins or so this phone should work out great for you. If you are on an Intercept, this is a no brainer upgrade for you.UPDATE - since this phone came out Boost Mobile has made available the Transform Ultra, which is a much more powerful phone than this with more internal memory. If looking at unlimited plans, I think going to Boost for the Transform Ultra makes a lot of sense as it starts at $50 and with shrinkage gets down to $35 over 18 months. You CAN port from Virgin Mobile to Boost.

I have had this phone for almost 2 years now. Dropped it many times and still works perfectly! I play and use many apps and have never had a problem. Heads up though, don't buy cheap 99 cent chargers for it. It will force it to turn off every 5 minutes on charge.

I bought this phone in April. It was my first smartphone and I was impressed right off the bat. While the camera seriously sucks (worse than my last phone which was also 3.2 MP) the overall phone was alright. I found that it's very hard to use the sliding keyboard with my long fingernails, but Swype and voice command works well enough that I don't need it. If someone sends a group message it comes in blank every single time, which is really annoying. The battery power isn't terrible (though it isn't good, either). The speaker is of decent quality. Over all I thought it was a workable phone...It's been 4 months now and this phone is already starting to have serious problems, I regret my purchase a little more each day. I'm a very light user, mostly texting and navigation with a few apps that are from trusted companies. The phone freezes constantly, just about every time I use it now, even if it's just a simple text. Sometimes the phone won't respond at all no matter how long I wait to the point I have to pop the battery out.At the end of the day I definitely wouldn't recommend this phone, or any LG phone for that matter.This is my third LG phone, and the third phone I've had problems with before the 2 year mark.I'll never buy another LG product again!--------------------I've endured this phone for 8 months now and I hate it more than words can describe. I was hoping to use this phone for 2 years but I just can't deal with it anymore.It's the worst cell phone I've ever owned, hands down.This phone freezes every single time I send a text. Every. Single. Time. If I never have more than 50 messages it will unfreeze within a few seconds, but any more than that and it takes several minutes for it to become responsive again.As of last week it has decided to start freezing as the alarm is going off, forcing me to either listen to it until it unfreezes or I have to pop the battery out.I've done a factory reset 4 times now and I've deleted all the apps that I don't absolutely need, which is a very temporary solution and it completely defeats the purpose of having a smart phone.I like to donate my old electronics, but no one should have to experience this piece of garbage. It's going to the dump where it belongs!

I loooooovvvvveeeeeee this phone; the only problem I really had is It didn't co e with a charger, so I had to get 2 chargers for it!

This phone would be perfect if the battery life would last longer than one day. I've always wanted a touch phone with a full sliding keyboard and this phone fits the profile. Awesome is all I have to say. Their could be more covers for this kind of phone though.*Update* 3-04-12 If you use this phone a lot to text, make calls, and check your email then it will run down your battery in about a day. But if you only use it a total of an hour maybe two every day then it will last about 2 1/2 days. I haven't found any games on it yet. Still a four star rating though. I'm thinking about purchasing the screen protecters.

Even after receiving a replacement battery I find I must charge my phone at least once a day if not more. To be clear I have disabled Wi-fi, bluetooth, and GPS as well as set the screen brightness to the lowest setting. Furthermore I have two applications installed beyond the stuff Virgin pre-installs (and won't permit you to remove) neither of which runs when I'm not using them. The only way to get close to the advertised battery life of "up to 288 hours (12 days)" is to turn off the phone for 11 days. Do not get this phone if you don't not have nearly persistent access to a power source.

Purchased on 9/5/13, screen stopped working by 10/18/13.  Amazon does not protect buyers from garbage.  Am unable to return due to 'window' closing 10/7/13 - are ya kidding?  Amazon only guarantees their products for a month?  Buyer beware, better off purchasing at big blue box store.  Better customer service for sure.  Amazon, this is the second time you failed to stand behind a product and you fail, epic epic fail. Take Amazon Prime and stuff it.

I really liked this phone and got my mom and sister into getting this phone because it is much faster than other phones that Virgin Mobile had at the time. I really like the keyboard on the side and got used to it very quick. The only bad thing about this phone is its internal memory and that is the only reason it gets 3/5. It has a very small internal memory (around 180mb) and I find myself sometimes frustrated because I have to delete apps that I would very much like to have. I had to root my phone as well because I wanted more space for apps. My mom and sister seem to be doing well with their phones and they have not gotten any "rooting" done. They do not have so much "things" there as I do. Other than that, Facebook does crash a lot but after a "force stop" it goes back to normal. It is a pretty good phone and does not freeze when you are online and you get a call or does not take a long time to turn on or off. The shipping was good and the three of us got our phones on time. Thanks!

I like this phone, very easy to pick up and use. I had thought that I would need the slide out keyboard, but actually the touch screen is so good, I use the Swype method for texting. Amazing how well it guesses the right word for you, makes texting fast and easy. You do have to just keep an eye on it though as it can occasionally throw in an unexpected word.Because of the keyboard the phone is a little bulky, would on reflection have possibly been better spending the extra cash to go for the top Motorola phone witth bigger screen too.Battery life is fine especially after a friend downloaded a couple of apps for me, Advanced Task Killer Free, and Juice Defender, which stop processes running in the background without reason and have worked well. I can get a full day with phone calls and some browsing, you do have to watch your browsing though as that does eat up your battery.The biggest minus is not really on the phone, it is the Virgin coverage with Sprint, once you leave the towns/cities I find you lose coverage very fast. It is great so far in metropolitan areas but venture to the countryside and you soon find those awful dead zones.

I really wanted a phone with a QWERTY keypad, and so I thought this would be a good phone.  I was right.  It has everything I need.  As others have said, the battery life does not last long, even if you turn off all the features you don't need and even if you don't use the phone that often.  But whatever; at least it doesn't take long to charge.  Also, the camera is garbage, but I would never expect a camera phone to take quality pictures.  And maybe it's just me, but the silver part around the camera lens seems ever so slightly crooked and seems to lean to the left a little.  But I can deal with it for the price of the phone.Overall, very good phone and I would recommend it.

I'm done with LG products.  I have had 3 LG phones including this one and a LG washer machine that failed within a short period of time.  The Rumor Touch was the worse, but this one is a close second.  I still use an old LG flip phone for an alarm clock that works great!  I think the quality has went down over the years.Thank God for the keyboard.  If it wasn't for that, the phone would be useless.  The screen will not work by touch.  It displays, but can't navigate with the finger.  Since it is through Virgin, you are pretty much SOL when it comes to repair (since you bought the phone as a third party) and to deal with LG.  Good luck with that one!This phone is slow and has very low storage space, but I rooted and cleaned out some of the junk from it to make room for things.  When the screen did work, it worked rather well.  I highly recommend "System Tuner Pro" from the Play Store.  It will help with the lag and reduce some frustration.  Also, make sure you turn the maximum stored text messages to about 50.  If not, it will take forever to compose and send texts.I'd avoid this phone.  It isn't worth it even with the reduced price.  You'll end up trashing it w/in a few months.I do like Virgin Mobile, though.  Good coverage for me and very affordable.

This phone is noticeably faster then the original, non slider Optimus, but the battery life isn't as good. I guess this stands to reason that a faster processor will consume more power. After conditioning the battery, I've found it to only give a 5 day charge, instead of  7 days like the original Optimus (using Juice Defender, extreme setting on both). That's not bad and I really don't complain at all. Upgrading to this slider version of the Optimus, I didn't expect a difference in battery life, but there was. Before I loaded Juice Defender, I was having trouble getting just a full day out of a 100% charge. I've since learned you need to keep it on the charger for quite a while after it reaches 100%. It takes about 4 hours to reach 100% charge from empty and I've found by keeping it on the charger for an additional 4 hours, the charge will last much, much longer. Maybe there are some battery experts out there to say this is bad for the battery, but if it is bad for it I'll deal with it to get extra long battery life. One day to a charge just doesn't cut it for me.As with the original Optimus, I really like phones with real Android buttons at the bottom vs touch screen buttons that most Androids have. The original Optimus went a step further by putting space in between the buttons and at first I missed that, but now I don't mind.My biggest complaint about this phone is the location of the SIM card. You have to remove the back cover to get at the SIM card. This is a big pain if you also use a case like from Body Glove.Another big complaint about the original Optimus and this slider version is the lack of internal memory. I guess for most, this would be the biggest complaint, but for me, I don't load that many that many apps.It would be nice if either of these phones had a light sensor to allow automatic screen dimming, but I guess you get what you pay for and that's part of the reason I was able to buy this phone for only $65.The camera isn't that great as well, but I'm just used to phones having poor camera quality. If I ever get an iphone, I'm sure I would quickly change my thoughts on that.All in all, it's a great phone. If you're set on getting a slider phone for Virgin Mobile, this is the one to get. The Samsung Intercept is the only other one (at this time) and it is worthless. I know, I owned one. See my review on that phone to see why. What's funny is that I upgraded to this phone for the slider keyboard, but I got so used to not having one in the original Optimus, I rarely ever use the keyboard. However, when I do use it, it is really appreciated like with long emails or finding contacts by typing a letter.

All in all, this is a pretty good phone. My favorite improvement is that this features a MUCH faster start up time, so you're not sitting there for minutes (?!) waiting for the thing to turn on. I did knock it down a star because texts are grouped in with notifications, so your text tone will sound any time you get an email, a fb notification, etc., which gets really annoying. I wish you could have a separate sound for texts, but it's not so irritating that I'd get rid of the phone.

I'm on my second month with this phone on Virgin Mobile, having switched over from a MyTouch Slide on TMobile.I chose this phone because the reviews were good, but mostly because of the slide-out keyboard. Touch screen is fine, but I really prefer the slide-out querty keyboard for typing more than a short text message. The keyboard is okay. It's not as big as the one on my MyTouch was, and I bump my fingers all the time when I'm using the top row. Also don't love the placement of some of the keys.So far I've found that lots of apps in the app store aren't compatible with it. They just don't appear in my Market... but when I'm looking at the app store from my Kindle Fire, I see "Not compatible with the Optimus" on numerous apps. I don't really understand why this is the case, and it's kind of a bummer.I've had some issues with the home screen flashing and had to restart the phone. It's less than 2 months old, so that's concerning me. I really hope it lasts--although so far I love using Virgin Mobile, it would stink if I had to replace a phone over and over--and since this is the only slider they have, I don't have another good option.No flash on the camera--which means it takes terrible photos.Most importantly, the battery life is unbelievably bad. Not just average-smart-phone-battery bad. I mean really, really bad. I let it charge all night while I sleep, but it's usually dead by afternoon. I stay home with my kids, but if I worked out of the home, I'd have to take a charger with me to work because it definitely wouldn't make it through the day. I use an app to protect the battery power, but even with that it's still a huge pain.All in all... two months in and it's working okay for me. Some disappointments so far, but since I have another android device for playing games and such, it doesn't put me out too much. But if it were my only device I'd be more disappointed.

this phone has an internal memory shortage that limits your apps. i had less then 10 apps and i was receiving low memory errors. i didn't get it because i had a 32gb card but was the internal memory which has less then 152mb usable space for apps. that is a major design flaw in my book so be aware.

This phone has a beautiful keyboard and is equipped with swipe and internet access anywhere you have reception!  When I was looking for a phone I was looking for something that resembled and iPhone but didn't have a contract or wasn't over six hundred dollars without a contract.  This phone is perfect; it combines a typical phone with a computer and iPod, not to mention wireless internet on the go this is perfect for anyone. You are promised a bonus with the slide out keyboard!  The only comment I have is replace your SD card with something that has more memory because I was so pleased with my phone that I ran out of free data on the first night!  All the people selling phones want you to get the contracts your stuck in for two years or the terrible monthly plans with sixty dollars a month, but ou can get it all for just 35 dollars a month!

it was a great phone, looked nice and i loved the keyboard. i take very good care of it but one night it was fine and then the next morning when i woke up...literally i woke up tried to use it and realized the touchscreen didnt work anymore. it was perfectly fine when i went to bed. Everything including the keyboard volume buttons etc. worked fine except for the screen so the only way i could use the phone was by using the keyboard.

i bought this phone from best buy mobile. the thing with this phone is that mine just broke i have had it for about 1 1/2 years now but this is NOT made to last. it is nice with the sliding keyboard and it being prepaid but it is also not up to date. this phone runs on gingerbread android and gingerbread is old. it does not load fast. but it is a good price. now that mine is broken im getting a galaxy note 2 which is more up to date

I ordered this phone in June and have been deciding on a replacement since August.  It freezes after calls (battery has to be removed and replaced to reboot it), it freezes while trying to text, it freezes while trying to use apps or dial numbers.  When it isn't freezing and being disassembled to be restarted, it restarts itself.  Sometimes it restarts itself every other day, sometimes a dozen times a day.  The battery life is better than the Evo I had before switching to Virgin, but that's probably because it isn't being used as much due to its mood swings.  I paid $150 for this headache, and just placed an order for the Rise for $50 to replace it.  If that turns out to be a headache, at least it will be a less expensive one.

my daughter it after three to four months but through out that time it was working really well. um... um...

This is a good transition phone for those who are not yet comfortable using a touchscreen. The physical keyboard slides out and is very responsive. The only down side is that the battery needs daily charging.

I love this phone. It responds quickly and has everything I asked for. The only problem is that the battery goes down quickly and sometimes the android robot isnt green which means no internet. For the battery problem I advise everyone it get a battery saver app (free) and keep it on the intelligent mode. For the robot being dead you can always  go on a wifi network.

I have had this phone for about 3 months now. No problems, works great, and is perfect for me. I can't even think of one thing I do not like about it. If you don't need a hand held computer that has a phone on it this would be a great phone for you. You can watch videos, play music, add apps from the 1000's of android apps and talk and message just like any other phone but for a great price.

I never had an android phone before, and this phone is really easy to use (I didn't even have to read the manual!) The screen is very responsive and the slide out keyboard is great. The battery life is decent for an android; I usually charge it once a day or once every other day. You can download apps like juice defender to help save the battery. Overall I am very pleased with this phone.

I have yet to work my magic on the OS but it is a great phone for a wonderful price and does all that I need.

After reading some of the reviews before purchasing this phone I was somewhat ambivalent but thought that I would give it a try. I got it within a few days of ordering but did not begin using it until recently since I still had a contract with another company. Once I started using it I thought about returning it because the battery did not last more than 5 hours.I spoke to a customer service representitive who advised me to turn off the applications that I was not using and reduce the brightness of the screen. This seem to have worked because over the past week the phone remains charged for the entire day.The phone has great features and is quite easy to use. I only use the phone for calls, text messaging and some emails so it works for me.I love the fact that I no longer have to pay the high monthly charges that many of the other companies charge.

I bought this phone to replace my old Samsung Intercept, a real garbage phone. This was a considerable improvement, but it wasn't long before I starting having problems. The phone locks up regularly. The screen goes off during a phone call, which is normal, but then I can't turn it back on. I can't end calls. Even when the display is on, the End Call button doesn't respond for 10 seconds, if at all. It's infuriating that all I really want is a phone with a little bit more, but it fails to function adequately as a phone. I'd rather have rotary dial! The microSD card was corrupted after a couple of months only. I've had the phone for less than six months, and it's trash. I'm totally fed up with these buggy Androids - getting an iPhone.

I had an Evo 4G, but couldn't justify the high bill anymore, so I switched to Virgin Mobile and bought the Motorola Triumph.  I had a lot of trouble with the Triumph and was very disappointed in the reliability of the bluetooth, slowness of the GPS, poor quality of the speakerphone and the awful battery life.  I probably would have kept it if the bluetooth and GPS worked properly, but I'm glad I didn't because the LG Optimus Slider is great.  It's so good that I bought 2 (one for me and one for my wife).  I didn't think I'd like it for myself because I'm used to having a "high-end" phone, but as much as I like larger screen and faster processor on the Evo and the Triumph, the Optimus Slider's keyboard gives it the edge.  I didn't realize how much more I would be able to accomplish with a keyboard.  I'm typing text messages and emails out now that I never would have attempted with the on-screen keyboard and all of my messages are 100% accurate now.I also like the fact that there's an extended battery available for this phone here on Amazon, whereas the Motorola Triumph had no extended battery available.Finally, this phone just works.  GPS is available right away, bluetooth works reliably, the speakerphone is crystal clear, etc., etc.I highly recommend this phone.

Don't get this phone if you want to have a phone at the end of 8 hours.  My teenage daughter goes to school in a large urban center, and she commutes home about 1 hour on the train.  She doesn't even have enough battery left at the end of the day to let me know when she gets on the train.  This purchase is a total waste of my money.

Bought a pair of these phones when switching carriers. They work pretty well, but do require a good 24hr charge before initial use, otherwise they drain very quickly. After that, I found them to have a good battery life and easy to use. These phones were also reviewed well on Virgin's site, however they had sold out of them because of a sale. This seller had the next best price.

I don't currently own this phone. Still, I've been able to sort of play with one for a few days. The processor is faster, so in stock form, is more user friendly compared to the V. Memory is still an issue, but like the V, if you only need a few apps, this shouldn't be a problem. Many apps can be moved to the SD card, and yes, the phone can be rooted if needed. The CPU can't tolerate much overclocking or underclocking; it can only go about 50 MHz in either direction before problems arise.I'm basing this review on a few days of use with a phone that I helped my dad choose. He wanted a model with a QWERTY keyboard, as too many touchscreen actions don't appeal to him. I have no plans to root his phone, though I may explain the process to him further if he is seriously interested in it. Otherwise he is happy with the way the phone works, so I don't foresee having to do this for him. If this were my next phone, yes, I would root it. There are a few ROMs available for the Slider, including the Mobster ROM. Most of the devs for these ROMs also don't recommend clocking the processor more or less than 800 MHz. The reason of this is of course the overclockers' classic enemy: heat buildup. Nothing's worse than a phone that turns to toast when you least expect it.All of that being said, it is possible to do a bit more than the usual with this phone. The keyboard can be useful if you run terminal emulators. Remember DOS and GUI-less UNIX terminals? Yeah, you know who you are! Type away all the Linux commands you can remember; most of them work here. :) Games? It does run quite a few well. I tested a 3d golf game, and a motorcycle 3d racer. Both ran fairly smoothly, with little slowdowns. YouTube video ran well, too. Web surfing is quite good for a lower end Android phone. You'll notice it when zooming full size pages to size.In short, this really is an improved version of the V. My only niggle is the lack of LED flash for the camera. At this point, that might break the deal for me, as I am fairly adept at touchscreen typing, after a year of using the V. If you simply need a QWERTY, this is still one of the better deals for a no contract phone in the USA, in mid 2012. The only other model I'd recommend is the Samsung Transform Ultra, which is on Boost Mobile.

I had an LG Optimus V for Virgin Mobile last year, but got frustrated with the touchscreen keyboard. Not knowing the optimus slider was coming out soon, I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Indulge for MetroPCS. However, on top of Metro's poor customer service and already bad coverage, I also had to deal with a phone with what was probably a bad antenna and suffered a constantly dropping data signal. The issue was unable to be resolved despite a number of phone calls and I got fed up and went back to Virgin Mobile with the Optimus Slider. It was less expensive than my Indulge and has a slower processor, also some of the apps I had on my Indulge aren't compatable with this phone for some reason. Also I miss having an extra row on the keyboard for numbers like my Indulge had, and don't like having to press the "Fn" button for each number. I guess I just have to get used to it, I imagine there is less space on the keyboard because the whole phone is a bit smaller.Overall, though, I am glad for my decision. I'm glad to be back with virgin mobile, which is definitely a superior company to metro, and I am glad to have a reliable data connection even if it is only 3G, my metro phone was 4G and although there were times when it ran very quickly, it was in reality usually very slow (when I had a connection at all-and I'm supposedly in a maximum coverage area). I am glad LG came out with a slide out qwerty optimus, and although it's not the flashiest phone, it is solid and consistant.

This phone is great but it freezes.  I have to take the battery out a couple times a week just to restart so I can use it.  Everything else is great but this problem is so frustrating, it also always seems to happen at the worst times but I guess that is just life.

Been using this phone for about two weeks and I love it.I gotBody Glove 9239801 LG Enlighten Flex Snap-On Cell Phone Case with Clipstand - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Blackand it really adds to the overall feel/value of the phone. The phone feels great in my hands. It's light, yet feels solid. The slider keyboard works flawlessly.The phone works great. It starts up quickly and doesn't lag or get stuck when I'm using it.The phone service Virgin Mobile has been working out fine. Although, there were two specific nights so far that I could not send or receive texts.If the phone had a flash on it, it would be perfect.

I waited about 6 months to write a review because there was an issue with Virgin Mobile getting me properly connected to 3G. Now this is done I can only praise this wonderful little phone with its glorious slide out keyboard. I hate typing on a screen so this is perfect for me as I send a lot of emails everyday. I have never had my data slowed since 2.5GB is plenty for me, as I'd never want to stream a movie on a tiny phone screen but I do spend a lot of time on the web. The price and internet service from Virgin Mobile is so reasonable at $35 a month unlimited and it was the lowest I could find anywhere. They also have great customer service and I've just bought a mobile hotspot usb stick from them for my laptop as it's the same amazing deal for unlimited broadband for $35.00 a month. All I can say is that this phone has been one of my greatest buys from Amazon!

I am so disappointed by this phone...I really liked it and it worked fine for first 5 weeks, then one by one, things started to go wrong. The voicemail message icon froze on screen - wouldn't disappear despite no messages. Tried everything to get rid of it. Finally called tech support and after they couldn't fix it either, (there's no way to for the user to clear notifications on this model and it took them a long time to figure that out,) they reset my voicemail function. That VM reset somehow screwed up something with the voicemail and web functionality itself, as the phone hasn't been operating the same since. Tech support could only suggest a complete hard reset (that would erase all my contacts, photos, everything.) I held off and so far, the phone has been working sporadically...sometimes good, sometimes problems. (It's not the VM signal - which is wonderful...it's the phone.) Clearly I got a lemon, but it's past the 30-day return period and I'm stalling on sending it in for repair, as I don't want to be without a phone for goodness knows how long, (and I definitely don't want to lose my phone number...or pay $35/month to VM just to keep the phone number active while I am without a phone...not sure how that works.)I think it's just my bad luck - as most people are not having these problems at all. But I do regret buying and wished I had spent the extra $50 and went for the T Mobile Exhibit II.

This is a great entry level phone on Virgin Mobile.  My only complaint is the internal memory.  It comes with a bunch of preloaded apps that waste the scant internal memory bringing on the dreaded &#34;low memory&#34; warning...

Fast shipping. I actually had this phone before but I broke it and ended up going thru three different phones that I hated so I decided to go with this phone again this time online and I'm glad I did, it has android system 2.2 and I like it why better then 4.0 cos 4.0 is to complicated. Great costumer service.

Bought the LG Optimus Slider after my prior LG Rumor2 succumbed to water damage.This essentially is my first smartphone since switching from a basic feature phone.Overall experience with the Optimus Slider is mostly positive.Biggest positive for me:Since the Optimus Slider was released  before prices for the Beyond Talk plans increased I get to keep my old BT plan at its original price $25.Phone Experience:First time  with Android it was an easy transition got used it within the first day.Call Quality is quite good far better than LG Rumor2 I can hear people clearly.Speaker quality is very clear making my  MP3's bearable to hear even in noisy places.Battery life was abysmal the first few days. Before I got the phone I purchased 2x OEM BL44JN 1540MAH batteries of which its standard just encase. For the first few days with the OEM batteries I only got around 4 hours of use per battery at the time. Downloaded the Juice Defender app. each battery lasted me atleast 6-7 hours on normal use. Later bought an extended battery 3850mah(still skeptic on the mah 2 1/2x the power of the OEM) from Sporting Persistence. Battery life significantly increased to a days worth.Apps & Storage:Appspace is limited to around 150-160mb's. This forces me to think hard on which apps I want to keep. I remember reading that if I reach its limit the phone will not work properly as intended. So I limited myself to 10 downloadable apps leaving 40mb of extra space to be safe.Most of the apps run fine with no slowdown unless they happen to be emulators with games that require faster processing.Stuck with Gingerbread OS. That means I can't use apps meant for later versions. Also since the LG OS uses the ARM/6 CPU some apps that can be run on Gingerbread may not work if using this processor.Physical Keyboard:it's bigger than my Rumor2's physical keyboard pleasant to type with. However major downside for me is the backlight for  the keys. Unlike the Rumor2 the backlight doesn't stay lit. They automatically shut off a few seconds later unless pressed. I can't find the options if any to keep them lit. So my nightly texts are a bad experience in this regard.Camera:Max Picture size is 3.2mp while video is the old VGA 640X480 standard. Reminds me of the P&S; cameras prior 2005.Considering the small CCD it has its not best in lowlight at all. Picture quality is okay, and usable still not on par with my old Canon A310 from 2004. Physical camera shutter  button on the phone doesn't respond very well if wanting to take multiple photos. So the onscreen shutter button is best be used in that regard. Lacks a timer and flash. So essentially good enough only in well-lit conditions, but not with fast moving subjects. Video quality is the same with picture quality. Definitely not replacing my P&S; camera at all.Overall its a decent low-end handset for me as a texted.Didn't touch on every single detail, but eh  likely prior reviewers already done so.I do recommend getting a battery extender for this phone especially the fat variety that comes with a backplate for it. More battery life and a better grip atleast that is for me.March 2014 Update:Phone still functions flawlessly. Use it mostly as a WiFi hotspot for my android tablet.

This is only my second smart phone and I admit to being a smart phone newbie. But I was willing to learn. I find the Android OS less intuitive than the Apple interface (which I learned from having an iPod Touch). But I just cannot see spending the money on an iPhone nor do I care to pay phone service contract fees after years of forking over $$$ to Verizon.I lost my LG Optimus V phone, which I liked (...except for the memory problem when trying to upgrade apps). It did not look like LG was ever going to push out Gingerbread for the Optimus V, so I was not too unhappy to replace it with this phone, which has a newer operating system and a slightly faster processor. I am willing to deal with the battery life issue like I did with the Optimus V by using Juice Defender App and turning certain things off (with Quick Settings App).I have had it about 2 weeks with Virgin Wireless flat rate plan, which I like...especially the price.Here is what I have noticed so far:Rearrangement of buttons and ports is not more convenient. Maybe I will "learn it".Phone volume seems a bit quieter.Do not use the keyboard as much as I thought I would.Like the phone so far.Here is what I learned:In AMAZON's descripton, this is WRONG: Full HTML Web Browser with Flash 10.1 SupportBought a larger micro SD card (on Amazon, name brand)Bought a back up battery and considering buying an extended battery (Juice Defender is worth having.)Pick out one of those "find your phone" apps and install it!

I recently switched from Sprint to Virgin Mobile. At first, I bought a used Blackberry 8530. It was a terrible phone and it stopped communicating with Virgin Mobile within a week. On the hunt for a new phone, I heard about the Optimus V. It kinda reminded me of the Hero in it's look and capabilities, and coming from an EVO 4G with Sprint, that really didn't seem like enough.That's when I found the Optimus Slider. The Slider has an 800mhz processor, which I feared would still be too slow, but was actually very snappy. Without the bloatware UI you find on HTC phones, this phone despite not being as powerful as my Evo, actually is faster in the menus. I used to get lag all the time with my Evo, and so far nothing with this (and this is while running live wallpapers and alternate launchers like Go Launcher).The phone plays all the apps well that I had stored on my Android account, and works flawlessly with Amazon's app store. This was a huge plus for me, as when I rooted my Nook Color I had all sorts of problems running many applications. Everything on this however works flawlessly.The keyboard's buttons are huge, and feel much easier to type on than other slide out keyboards. I never mess up while typing now, and never use the on screen keyboard. The red accents on the keys give it a very nice "droid" look, and the included Home/Menu/Back/Search buttons on the keyboard are a nice touch.The camera is pretty ho hum. 3.2 Megapixels and no flash. It records video, which is a plus, but only has a rear facing camera. Overall, it's much worse than my Evo, but then again, my Evo's cameras weren't good enough to take high quality photos in either. I usually use my stand-alone camera for good photos, so on the go quick snapshots work just fine for what it is.. a phone.The slider is quite smooth. In fact it's better quality than my old Playstation GO's slider, which violently snapped into place. This is much smoother and doesn't wobble like my GO's slider once fully pulled out.All in all, this is my first LG phone, and I have to say, I'm very impressed. For what I paid (168 free shipping) with no contract, it really highlights how much other carriers are over-charging for their phones (most of which are 5-600 out of contract!). It was nice to be able to replace my Blackberry without waiting for a contract to expire. I simply went out and bought a new one at the same price everyone else pays. The 3G is just as fast as the 3G on Sprint, so for 35 out the door for unlimited data and texts, it's a no brainer. I'm very happy I finally left Sprint, and I'm very happy with this phone.

I just got a lg optimus slider and I love it, I did get a defective one, which is being replaced. I can not wait for my new one, this phone is awesome

I just switched to this phone, and Virgin Mobile, from T-Mobile and a 2009 myTouch 3G. My primary reason for switching was cost, as T-Mobile was offering essentially a free Galaxy 2 with the 2 year contract extension. However, I don't use the phone nearly enough to justify the $90+ monthly bill, and $35/month for everything I already had & use sounded pretty good. What clinched the deal was playing with the Galaxy 2 in person: beautiful phone, lovely screen, but HUGE in my small, girly hands. I could tell lots of falling and breaking was in my future with this phone, so Virgin Mobile and the Optimus Slider won the day.Things I like:-This phone is much faster than what I was accustomed to on the myTouch, and thank goodness for that. I was having a hard time with the updated Android 2.2. on the old hardware, lots of crashes (Maps especially) and lags and generally reboots. So far, the LG Optimus Slider has been a breeze, and has Android 2.3.-LOVE the qwerty keypad. I can't touch type to save my life and the number of typos and nonsense I have texted my friends is sad to recount. This makes my work life so much nicer (I can be productive on my commute, work on documents, etc.)-Turns on quickly. The myTouch took over 3 minutes (I timed it). Drove me crazy, glad to see it's not an Android problem.-Camera specs aren't really top notch or anything, but loads better than the old phone. Indoor shots aren't automatically pitch black! Not going to replace a camera by any means, but for something like Instagram photos, it works fairly well.Things that suck:-This phone has LESS internal memory than my old myTouch, which means I can't install the same amount of apps as I used to have, and/or have to save to the SD card (which, sadly, too many apps don't allow). That's just ridiculous, and makes my next point that much more frustrating.-Undeletable BLOATWARE. There are 4 specific apps that are just dumb and I plan to root and delete eventually. I do understand the carrier apps being permanent to the phone, but the 3rd party crap? Annoying.-Battery is NOT good. I keep leaving the satellite/sync features on and my phone is low battery by the time I leave work. Turning off these features when not in use greatly improves battery life, but I'm still charging it nightly, so YMMV. You can buy extended batteries/covers online, so there's always that option.-No "touch home to wake up" feature. You have to root and remap the buttons to get this functionality back. I'm just going to see if I can retrain my brain to press power to wake.-Video is not very good.-microUSB. For me, this is a bummer, as it makes my cable situation a bit frustrating, but I'm sure I'll get over it.Despite all the negatives, the phone's a keeper and I'm glad I made the switch. VM is not terribly different service-wise than T-Mobile in my area, as far as I can tell. As long as you know the limitations of the Optimus Slider, you'll be happy with the phone.

We went from the LG Rumor slider to the Optimus Slider.  There are many reasons why we love this phone.  First, we love the Virgin pay as you go plan.  We find it inexpensive and it provides us with many wonderful services, like unlimited texts and surfing the internet (although on the Rumor, it was clunky and slow).  We don't make a lot of phone calls.  We decided that we were ready to take the next step and get an Android phone that would allow us to look things up on the internet during discussions with friends, as well as have access to  apps like an iPhone does.  With the Optimus we have fast internet access both on 3G and when we're home or at friend's houses via wifi.  There are so many fun and useful apps that work well on this phone. The main ones we are using (HeyTell and What's App) allow us to text and speak (kind of like a walky-talky) for free to our family and friends in Europe.  The Facebook app is a little clunky, but we don't mind waiting for our computer to go on Facebook.  It's also great to use an app like Yelp and find the closest restaurants or services that we need.Negatives are few, but one is important.  The battery life is horrible.  It barely lasts half of a day.  I knew this before buying the phone and read that if we downloaded a certain app, our battery life would be extended.  Now we have downloaded "Easy Battery Saver" and our battery lasts all day long.The only other negative is less important.  The slider keyboard is a bit more compact than our previous cell phone, and if you want to type numbers you have to push the "fn" key before each number.  That is really annoying.  A positive is that it has autocorrect for things like words with apostrophes like 'I'm' and it will always capitalize the letter 'I' when it stands alone in a sentence.  And the autocorrect does not over correct.It is a heavier and bigger phone than the Rumour, so it's not easy to just stick it in your front pocket.Amazon.com offered the phone cheaper than other online stores.Overall, we bought this phone so that we could have something akin to the iPhone without having to purchase a data plan or be stuck in a contract and we are very happy with what we've got.

The Optimus V has been a great entry smart phone when coupled with the reasonable cost of Virgin Mobile cellular service.  This Optimus slider has taken much of it's design from it's predecessor, and improved in many ways.  A few old features I liked are gone, but are mostly software related which can be "fixed" depending on how much phone hacking one wishes to do.

I love this phone just what i wanted. Love that it has a keypad.The battery does kind of die fast and if you like apps i recommend buy a bigger sim card.

it do everthing it say it would love the hell out of it, i love it  coz its ez to tex and  im not good at taxing but  with this  cell, im a wiz at it now.

If you want an Android with a full keyboard, this is a decent phone. I'll try to not be sentimental about it since this was my first smartphone. The phone's weak points are that its internal storage is small (512 MB) so you are always having to consolidate it, the version of android on it is kind of outdated (2.3) and its battery life is not the greatest. I have optimized mine by rooting it and running the CPU at a slower speed, but there are better phones out there. If you are interested in this phone, you'd do better to buy the Kyocera Rise. It has 2GB internal memory, more than double the battery life (in hours) and a lower price point. I bought this phone shortly before the Rise appeared on the market and now I wish I had been a little more patient. But that's okay because when my Optimus Slider bites the dust I can get a cheap upgrade by buying the Rise. :)

After all the research I did into getting a low priced Virgin Mobile smart phone, I failed myself.  This phones on board memory for app storage is terrible.  I have about 8 or 9 apps loaded that didn't come with the phone and most of them are on the SD card, but because of the limited memory and preloaded apps that I cannot uninstall, I often find that I have to uninstall an app to install another.  My phone sometimes will not sync email because it is out of space.Currently, my phone shows that 165MB of storage is used and 16MB is free.  I constantly have a warning in my status bar about it.The good:The phone has things I have been looking for including a nice slide-out keyboard, replaceable battery, and low price point.The bad:The battery only last around 8 hours of average use for me.  The camera is very low quality (I expected this).  Both of those are acceptable, but the thing that made me regret this purchase is the inability to install the apps I want due to very low system memory on the phone.

This phone is just awesome. I used to own a LG Optimus V before but then I ACCIDENTALLY washed it in the washing machine. It sucked when I heard slams in the drier and thought to myself "wheres my phone?"But, oh well. Now I have this one and I am glad that I bought it. It is definitely an upgrade from the old Optimus that I had. The 3 big things that I have noticed are these:1. Sleeker UI (user interface) It is black instead of the regular white I think it is because of the new version of the Operating system which is 2.3 instead of 2.2 on the old Optimus.2. It is much snappier thanks to the new processor going at 800mhz instead of 600mhz.3. The most obvious thing that they did with the phone is add a sliding QWERTY keyboard which I hardly use cause I am still used to typing with the screen.All I have to say is that this phone is definitely an upgrade from my old one. Plus I only pay $27/month for VM. Best of both worlds. Just do not to forget to search your pants when you do your laundry ;).

The phone is ok. It's kind of heavy and bulky.  The functions are not terribly user friendly, and the battery life is only about 6 to 8 hrs.  The slide out keyboard is nice though and the touch screen works pretty good.  I wouldn't buy this phone again.

I had it almost a year. A lot of apps for android won't work on this. Its not bad for a starter android but just a few app donwlpads, I mean like for or five and it gets sluggish.

I've had this phone for just over a year, going to it from an LG Rumor Touch ("semi-smart").  I put off upgrading to a smartphone for ages, but ended up getting grandfathered into a ridiculously cheap plan with Virgin Mobile, so when the prices started coming down I bit the bullet. I tried the Optimus V first and returned it because I just couldn't get the touchscreen keyboards to work for me. My fingers are not made for onscreen keyboards and I ended up having to use my pinky to occasionally get the right keys to respond. So I traded up for the Optimus Slider, which went on sale shortly thereafter.As a first experience with Android, I was pretty impressed, particularly with the voice recognition. I rarely use my phone as a phone, but rather as a messaging device.  Having a phone that takes surprisingly accurate dictation made it possible for me to reply to texts and home and work emails with ease, which became a real advantage when I started walking for exercise not long after getting this phone--I carry it in an arm strap and track my walks with an app, and voice recognition is good enough to reply to emails even a little out of breath, and sometimes being able to just slow down a little and not stop walking altogether.  This was very helpful over the winter when I often had to walk in the middle of a workday.The onscreen keyboard was slightly better than the one on the Optimus V, but not enough to make the slideout keyboard unnecessary.  I wish they had kept the slider kb similar to previous LG phones we've had, like the various Rumors. On the Optiums Slider, the top row of letters is also the numeric row and you have to use a function button to shift or lock/unlock  the numbers, which is cumbersome. Given the comparative size of this keyboard to the Rumor Touch, I don't see why they needed to make this compression, but it's not impossible to live with certainly. I'm grateful for the slideout, especially since it looks like nobody's ever going to make another one *sigh*.Drawbacks--it's a little twitchy.  I love being able to use wireless, since VM's voice coverage in our area is very sketchy. But the wireless isn't great about rediscovering known networks and drops connections, and you often need to turn the wireless service on and off to wake it up--easy from the widget, but still. I'd like to be able to come back from a walk and have it rediscover my home network within a couple of minutes on its own, but it rarely does.  Power consumption could be better, and I normally have to charge it every night or find it dead on the couch the next morning.  I had a problem with random reboots for a while, but unloaded several apps and turned off automatic updating on those I could, and the reboots are now very rare. A very slight drawback is that I like to text to email addresses sometimes (as when trying to get my husband at his non-smartphone and his  email addresses) and the text app on this phone will not allow you to choose emails from your contact list, only phone numbers, for SMS. You have to type the email in and there is no autocomplete for that.  This has annoyed me on more than one occasion. I used to have a mailing list set up for this purpose on my Rumor and it worked great.The biggest drawback is the lack of internal memory.  It comes with (I think) 152mb of usable internal memory, which isn't much once you realize what apps can do. Max SD storage is 32G, which I have. You can only move some stuff to SD, and I put whatever I can there.  Like everyone else I got app happy at first and downloaded lots of goofy fun junk, then jettisoned it too make room for the things I really need, but even keeping it to things I only use regularly, it's not enough and there's stuff out there I could really use but can't wedge onto this thing.  I don't understand why so little internal memory, when otherwise it's a pretty nice phone.  Virgin is not great about letting you know the reality of the phone specs either.  Tiny internal brains is a serious limitation.  Since this phone's screen isn't big enough to make it a media center or gaming machine, they should have given it enough brains to make it useful as a workhorse at least.As a phone, which is my least preferred method of communication (in part due to bad hearing), it is an improvement over the Rumor Touch.  I get better reception in more places, and the calls are clearer.  When connected to wifi it's almost as good as a landline.  I haven't bothered setting up voice dialing but probably will at some point.The camera is ok. I will never shovel enough money into a phone to have the camera nice enough to replace a proper digital camera, and I don't need to video chat, so I think it's fine for what it is.  Nice to be able to scan barcodes.I don't listen to music enough to warrant getting into specialized apps on the phone or my laptop, so I just manage my music and playlists in WMP and sync or copy it to the phone from there, which is a cumbersome process sometimes and requires deleting playlists and dumping them in fresh every time.  I use a bluetooth FM tuner in my ancient car and bluetooth earphones when I'm walking, and it works fine.Browsing is better than I expected and I've even played back some video on the Netflix app (now jettisoned) and YouTube that surprised me with the quality.  I don't think I'll ever want a phone that's so big I could reasonably use this for regular video viewing, but it's nice to be able to entertain myself when I'm stuck somewhere alone.This phone has put up with a lot of abuse, since I drop it constantly.  It has little dings all over but so far everything has just rolled right off its back.  I also like that it's NOT huge, and fits into a pocket or sleeve holder pretty easily. Wouldn't want one much bigger than this, because I like a proper screen for the sorts of things people seem to want to do on their phones these days.  I would keep it forever if the internal memory could be upgraded somehow, again, since nobody seems interested in making slider phones anymore.As a first Android phone, I'm very pleased with it. Android does some very handy stuff that makes the phone infinitely more useful, and I could see how someone might be able to get by without home internet or a 'real' computer with a nice Android (or other smartphone) if they had to.  Virgin makes it less expensive to move into this territory.I'll upgrade when this phone dies, or when they come out with a well-rated new slider.

i brought it when droid 2.3 was the rage. now that 4.0 is out it seems under powered. is a great texting and emailing phone. camera sucks but this is not a high end phone.

This is my first time owning a smart phone and I have no idea how I lived without one before.  It takes a couple of days to get used to if you have never used the Android platform before but after that everything is fairly easy to use.  Only complaint is the poor battery life.  Right now I can't even get a full day out of it, but I am going to try some of the battery saver apps from the Android market to see if I can some more life out of it.Other than that, the phone works great.  Touch screen is very smooth and responsive.  I love the proximity sensor feature so that you don't accidentally end the call with your cheek.  I also like the fact that it automatically syncs with your gmail contacts and facebook friends.  It has a very clean and simple user interface (like all things google) making it well worth the investment.

When the price came down recently on the Slider - great Amazon deal, btw - I grabbed it.  Like some have noted, I was anxious to rid myself of the Samsung Intercept...slow boot, laggy screen, stubborn touchscreen.  Almost from Day One, I'd regretted giving up my oldLG  Rumor Touch Prepaid Phone (Virgin Mobile)non-Android slider which I'd still recommend to anyone who simply wants calls, texts and the occasional FB or tweet update.(If any consolation, between the discounted price and selling the Intercept on eBay, saved half the MSRP).The LG Optimus Slider is what I'd wanted the Intercept to be.  Quick boot - even with the bloatware - responsive screen and easy to see in daylight.THIS is a phone I could actually hang on to for more than a few months.  Call quality, text, maps, news are just fine.  No complaints about the cam...I'm a photog and this is perfectly fine for visual notes on the go.  And, like my old LG, build quality simply feels more solid...even the keyboard.  With my average use unchanged, battery life actually seems better than the Intercept, as well.  I don't have to charge it every night.No complaints about 3G.  I don't NEED 4G.  VM's monthly unlimited remains a great deal.  Online account transfer was a painless minute or two.  Excellent smartphone.  Glad I took the plunge.UPDATE 6/29:  I DO love this phone. Sturdy. Good battery life. Fast...even at 3G.UPDATE 10/31:  I STILL love the phone.

For the price this is a great phone.  However, the internal memory is lacking!  You can only download a few apps before the memory runs out and it will not allow you to move many of the preloaded programs to the SD card to free up memory.  I have had many instances where I could not send a text because the memory was full.  There are hacks out there to fix the problem but many may void the warranty.

Ok I've had this optimus slider for a month now and for the most part its fine. Coming from a verizon bill nearly $100 dropping down to a $50 bill is a good thing. The few problems I have or had are a few dropped calls, but thats sprint I would think. On my last phone I was able to have my phone on vibrate and when someone texted it gave 3 long vibrations. This phone do not. It vibrates a quick second and thats it. It never notifies you again that you have a text. The same goes for a missed phone call, it makes no vibrations ever again if you missed a call. The only way for you to no if you have a text or missed a call is to look at your screen or this tiny little light that turns green. Also I cant find how to make 3 way calls, but thats probably just me, though I looked everywhere on how to do it. The phone is also a little slow to bring up web pages or anything that requires the net like hanging with friends game. All in all its a fine phone.

After purchasing that awful intercept I needed a new phone worth my $100. I'm kinda disappointed in this LG Optimus V Slider because LG is my favorite brand and this phone I feel should be like $70 at the most. Heard great things about this so I bought it hoping to have a more efficient phone. It still is reminiscent of those intercept issues: lagging/freezes/txts not sent/taking forever to send pics or txts on full bars/force closes. Fortunately they aren't as frequent and when it does get around to working like it should it's pretty quick. I hate android smartphones that can't handle apps this phone works pretty good with them especially YouTube if you're on wifi.Only thing I miss from intercept is the qwerty/on-screen keyboards they are better. The morons put the front navigation buttons on the side of the qwerty keyboard so if you try to type A you'll most likely hit the BACK button too, taking you out the screen! Same for the FN button (HOME), it's very annoying! As for the on-screen keyboard, when you're typing it takes up majority of the screen, intercept didn't do that. I also liked intercept's auto-guessing feature better. Optimus V's totally covers the screen while you are trying to txt! Luckily you can turn down it's probably of popping up. A plus in all of this is the SWYPE KEY feature even though it can be faulty at times as well. The camera feature is just as bad as the intercept so nothing different there unfortunately. It handles the web pretty well too. Aside from all this the phone is just..OKAY.Hope LG produces a better android smartphone for virgin mobile with qwerty/on-screen keyboard and is more efficient!

This is a terrible phone. It had low battery life and storage. It broke 9 months later and I've it with a Kyocera Riser which is less expensive and seems so much better.

1. The quality is solid. The buttons have a comfortable click, the slide-out keyboard is spacious with soft plastic keys and the screen is bright and crisp. The keyboard is backlit upon press, and the black and red contrast is quite attractive.2. Though it doesn't have any fancy dual core processor, it really speeds along. The 512 megs of shared memory gives you a good amount of space to run multiple apps and the 800mhz processor runs a lot of games without issue.3. I don't know much about the Android OS, but this "Gingerbread" that it has is wonderful. It may be missing features of newer revisions, but it seems like a lot of that can be remedied via the Marketplace. From what I've read there is no upgrading to newer versions of Android OS, so just make sure you can live with whatever version is on the phone.4. I'm not quite sure what to make of these complaints about the camera. I mean, it's a cell phone camera people, are you really trying to shoot professional-level pics with it? About my only issue with it is its need to auto-focus every time, which delays the actual shot a little when you click the button.5. Internal memory for apps is a little weak. It's supposed to be 150 megs, but with all the pre-installed Virgin and Google apps you're barely left with around 100 megs(IIRC). I've only installed around 15 apps and I'm already down to 55 megs...and these were huge apps, just stuff like Juice Defender, AIM, Fightin' Words, Opera Mini and other smaller apps. None of the pre-installed stuff can be uninstalled unless, from what I've read, you root the phone. I hear that kills any warranty you may get with it though, so I am hesitant to do it until I know my time is up.6. Battery life is an absolute disgrace. You can actually sit there and watch the battery level dropping as you do something as rudimentary as browsing the internet. I can barely make it an entire day without having to charge it, and that's just using the phone lightly. Break out some heavy usage and this thing won't last but an hour, maybe two. Juice Defender, a free app on the Marketplace, is *mandatory*. It really helps out, and I can go about a day and a half without having the charge it, even with some moderate usage. I would highly recommend an extended-life battery. If you click on my name, I think it'll take you to other reviews I've done and there's one for an extended battery I just purchased, and is working out wonderfully for me. Though it adds some bulk to the phone, I can get through three or four days with it, and that includes heavy usage of the internet and stuff like Sega Genesis emulation.7. Call quality seems to be really good, though I don't know if that has more to do with the carrier(Virgin Mobile) or the phone. Speaking of Virgin Mobile, I've been pleasantly surprised with how great they've been. They walk you through the entire activation process, they help you get your number switched over, get whatever plan set up that you want(I went with the $35 one) and do it all quite quickly(they said it could take up to 24 hours to switch my number, it took less than *6*)! About the only issue I had with them was when it came to phone insurance. They didn't really seem to know anything about it, despite it being on their website and will even refer you to the people who run the insurance. In the end, I didn't feel it was worth it, but if you've got a more expensive phone, it may very well be. You only have 15 days to register for it though, so if you want it, get it quick.8. The phone comes with a 2GB SD Micro card and USB cable(which has an optional AC block that you can use to charge it via a wall socket). Upgrading the 2GB card is a matter of preference, and would really just depend on how much you like to have with you in your phone. For most, that'll be enough for pics, some music and any additional bits various programs need to use space for(Opera Mini, for example, will use it for internet caching). For the power user, I think it'll take up to a 32GB SD Micro(I've got an 8gb, mostly used for music and Sega Genesis roms).All in all, I would say this is a solid and affordable Android phone for those who have to have a keyboard(like myself).

This phone has been great, very durable, but not heavy or cumbersome. My wife loves the keyboard, but the touchscreen is great too.

I like the phone but wish the battery wouldn't run out so fast. I have a battery saving app but that doesn't seem to help all that much. Also, even though I have a memory card the phone won't let me add too many apps. Of course it could be something that I'm doing wrong. LOL

I have had my slider for a year now, having purchased it online $99 Cyber Monday. I love the phone. It has all the features I love the best: access to Google calendar/GMAIL,  plenty of contact space, easy access to Google search engine/voice search. It came fully loaded from Virgin with MANY great apps, including POYNT and Google maps Navigation. I love the "Android Market" for variety of apps and have greatly enjoyed the versatility of both Slider keyboard and touch-screen qwerty with Swype setting for texting. It is overall the best little phone I have found, and for a great price.The two major drawbacks are the 1-storage space and 2-the camera. Phone memory fills up fast, so very good idea to use the option of expandable memory. Thankfully, I have all the apps I need at this point, and am very happy with my phone!!! The camera resolution is low, and so pics are not fabulous. As I am not a photographer, and all I need is "snapshot-type" photos, this has not been troublesome...but if you are looking for a good camera phone, keep looking.While Virgin Mobile has great reception in the city, it tends to get sketchy on the outskirts of major areas. I am not much on travel, so this doesn't bother me. However, if you are a traveler, you might want a different service carrier.Great product, LG!!! Thanks, Virgin Mobile!

My wife and I both had Motorola Triumphs since they came out.  They were great, but my wife's would be a little quirky sometimes and she missed having a real keyboard.  I got her this one, and we love it.  The phone is snappy and works just as well or better than the far more expensive Triumph.  The screen is smaller, and on paper the processor is slower, but the phone works very well.  The keyboard is really nice.I couldn't be happier with this phone.  For now, I'm going to stick to my Triumph, because I like the larger screen, but this is so nice that I'm considering trading down as well.  I highly recommend this phone, especially since it has version 2.3 (Gingerbread) of Android, whereas a lot of the other VM phones (including the Triumph) are still on 2.2 (Froyo).Camera - Good.  3.2 MP count, but works well and takes good pictures.Reception - Good.  As good or better than the other VM phones I've had (Triumph/Intercept)Keyboard - Really nice.Screen - I like 4.3" better for my big hands and fingers, but 3.2" is adequate and it works well.  The touch is pretty good.Call quality - Great.  No better or worse than the Triumph.

I like the phone. It's pretty easy to use and I really haven't had many issues with it. Sometimes when I turn the phone off, it'll turn right back on again, which can be a little frustrating, but otherwise it's a good phone.

i reccomend highly that you steer clear from lg optimus phones, as my experience has been horrible.  partly because my provider is metropcs.  they have refused to replace my phone when it was within the time frame of being covered by warranty.the phone is continually showing messages like "phone storage low, delete some apps, etc, an incoming text message was denied due to no storage left"i am disabled and utilize text messaging to keep in touch with my doctors.  what CHAOS this has created in my life!DON'T BUY LG ELECTRONICS

I bought this phone from Walmart ($99) in August 2012 to use with VM cell service.  VM cell service is pretty good- esp. since I am in a rural area.  In more populated areas service was better.  My 1 star is for LG and for this phone in particular.  After almost 5 months of use the battery stopped charging and/or would not recognize there was a battery in the phone.  The phone would say insert a battery when there was a battery inserted.  I contacted LG since there is one year warranty on the phone. I mailed phone and receipt to LG (at customer expense) only to have them return the useless (unfixed) phone back to me and tell me that there was water damage.  What a disappointment!  If this phone was exposed to moisture it was snow while the phone was in my pocket!  LG told me the phone was corroded - which is not that cast AT ALL.  I feel that LG could have repaired this phone (probably  just needed a new battery) and earned a loyal customer.  My son's friend bought the LG optimus elite (no slider keyboard) and was able to use it for 1 month.  His phone also had a battery issue /error message.  I do not know the outcome of his customer service.  If you are looking for a cell phone DO NOT expect LG phones  to hold up for you.  Sure, they work fine initially, but they don't last and LG does NOT stand behind them.  I have since purchased HTC evo phone - but can't say how "durable" (can I have it in my pocket when I go snowboarding?) it is at this point since I have only had it one week.

Do yourself a HUGE favor and do NOT purchase this phone. All I have had are headaches since I got it. Smart phone? More like dumb phone. At various points my apps just stop working. Yesterday a much needed app, Google Play Store, just disappeared. The icon was still there. Just said that the app was not installed. This is a system app believe it or not and without it you can't do doowaa with this phone. And the real kicker? There's no way to even download this app. Comes with the phone and for some reason this app is not online anywhere. Had to do a factory reset of this piece of garbage phone just now and I am NOT happy. I thankfully have my SD card backed up with Titanium and for some reason this phone recognized that I already purchased this app and it was easy to download and get my apps back from the Google Cloud, but boy what a pain in the butt this has been. Before my apps started to disappear for no reason my biggest complaint with this thing was that it would severely limit the apps I could have on my phone. Said no room and to uninstall some apps. Ridiculous. So I had a bare bones phone and I mean barebones. Piece of ##$% IMO. Don't waste your money.

I bought this phone because I needed a phone with the Android Gingerbread OS. I have had Virgin Mobile phones in the past, though for just basic phone service, and have always been happy with them. I have now had this phone about a week and it has to be one of the most frustrating experiences I have had with any technology product. The first couple of days I had to keep hard-starting it to use it, it would completely shut itself off after only a few seconds (yes, the battery was fully charged). I could call out, but any calls coming in would immediately go to voicemail. I sent off an email to Tech Support, got a reply that was totally useless and didn't solve my problem. So I had to call Tech Support, who then reset the phone so I could receive calls. Next I attempted to download a ringtone. I was charged for it, and I got the link to download it, but the download would never go through. According to the troubleshooting instructions, I needed to delete an existing ringtone to make room for the download. Okay, just try to delete a ringtone on this phone. Called Tech Support and they didn't know how to do it. So I had to get a refund on the ringtone. Right now I'm afraid to try and download an app, for fear I'll end up on another 30 minute phone call to Tech Support. It's an attractive phone, not too heavy. Touch screen is nice and the keyboard is decent. Call clarity is good and coverage is acceptable. The battery life is really short. I'd like to be able to customize the phone somewhat, but good luck with that. The online manual at Virgin Mobile doesn't explain how to do a number of things, and the website is awful. You can't get to the information you want, moving to different parts of the site requires you to log in over and over again, and the layout and design are just terrible. I'm seriously looking at another carrier for a replacement.

This phone is getting five stars and you had better believe it! Dollar for dollar the Optimus Slider is the best value on the market. It's no iPhone but you pay way, way more for those.I lost my Optimus V which at best had been a compromise. This turned out to have been luck smiling, in replacing the Optimus V I stumbled upon the LG Optimus Slider, it's newer incarnation. I had planned to eventually ditch the Optimus V, get a "real phone" and pay outrageous voice and data plans for years under a contract of adhesion (Google what that means). Instead I can keep my $25/month grandfathered Virgin Mobile all you can eat data and text plan with enough voice minutes to get by. Even at the currently available hefty hike to $35/month it saves enough to consider a New iPad just because you didn't buy into the overpriced iPhone world. And no contract of adhesion (go on, look it up, a good term to know).The Optimus Slider is surprisingly speedy, much more than would be expected by upgrading from 600Mhz to 800Mz. I swear the display is brighter. The physical keyboard is just big enough for those of us with big, fat, clumsy thumbs (truth in advertising) who can't master 3.2 inch (or 3.5 inch) virtual keyboards. Whereas the speakers on the Optimus v are the worst I have ever heard on any phone, even $15 throw aways,the Optimus Slider speakers are adequate to use as a speaker phone [which I do because I don't want to lose brain cells to cell phone transmissions or to Blue Tooth, or gain the uncontrolled growth of degenerate brain cells. Those are microwaves that you are putting next to your brain, and yes they do detectably raise brain temperature (just like a microwave oven) as the brain physically speaking is mainly a bag of water].Some have complained about the battery life. Hooey, it is at least 2 to 3 times better than the Optimus V for which I had a fleet of four batteries and always carried at least one extra fully charge one. I recently got an 1800ma battery and the standby time is at least four days now compare to making barely past one for the Optimus V. Andriod 2.3.4 is optimized for battery life and it shows. Perhaps they shipped some of the early Optimus Sliders with 2.3.3 (although I doubt it) which had known problems on some manufacturers' models. The device also tethers like a champ using PDANet without needing to be rooted. This alone is worth the price of admission, especially useful when cable goes down or your router takes a long burp, or you are on the road. To be fair, the Optimus V did excellent tethering as well. At VM rate's, it's a sweet deal! Take that Verizon, AT&T;, T-Mobile with your over-crowded, under capacity, over priced and volume strangled network service.Lastly they fixed the most fatal flaw of the Optimus V. Andriod V2.2 on the Optimus V and several other manufacturers' phones had a dreadful bug where incoming calls automatically activated the touch screen. I rarely could get the phone out of my pocket without some random touch making a hash of things. Mercifully, 2.3.4 has fixed that dreadful usability flaw.This phone is a keeper. Consider it a down payment on a New iPad if you like...

Purchased this on another site when the price was a bit higher.  This is my first exposure to the android operating system and I find this phone to be quite a change from my basic flip with no bells and whistles.  To really enjoy what android has to offer you must read the booklet, or better yet, go to the VM site and download the extensive tutorial online.Just some of the things you can do:Call your contacts with a voice command.  i.e. "Call Joan at home."Voice command any commercial number:  i.e. "Call the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in New York City."or "Call Bell's Restaurant in Topeka, Kansas."No need to use your fingers for text anymore if the person is keyed in your contacts with an email address:  Send text to Erica, "Please tell mom I will be late for dinner."With the multitude of apps available, you can keep posted on weather by the hour, make purchases on Amazon, read the news on CNN, use navigation as a GPS so your phone is now just like a Garmen, i.e. "navigate to 3010 Main Street, Orlando, Florida."Ride the NYC Metro system with maps of both subway lines and bus lines all clearly outlined.Could go on and on, but you need to discover by yourself.Simply a great technology........added bonus is qwerty keyboard if you prefer that to dialpad.

i like this phone a lot.  it's my first android.  reception, sound, and volume are good.  the build quality feels robust, even with the sliding joints for the keyboard.  the horizontal sliding keyboard is the only form factor i would consider buying, since i take a lot of appointments and do email on the phone.my only complaint is that the processor lags at certain times that are aggravating.  but i've heard that other androids do it worse, including other LG's.  it takes several seconds to disconnect from a voice call (very strange).  and worse, it usually takes 2 or 3 attempts to recognize my security swipe to unlock the phone.  wake up guys -- that's a very bad time to have processor lag!  i've missed a few phone calls etc. due to processor lag.  but while surfing the web or taking appointments etc. the processor is fine.  the lag is clearly a software issue, because surfing the web is a very processor-intensive activity while it's busy rendering a page.  and it does that just fine.as a rule i don't install any third-party apps, and i haven't rooted the phone or tried to root it.  it is stock software, from Virgin Mobile.also the camera button on the side of the phone usually doesn't work.  that seems to be due to a software bug - the hardware feels fine.  and on days when it decides to work, it works consistently.  as a result i take pictures using the on-screen button instead.  the phone takes good pics.

Let me start by saying, I used to have an Intercept.  I loved the fact that it was an Android phone with a keyboard (a seeming rarity these days, for whatever reason), but I hated pretty much everything about it performance-wise.  It was slow, things would crash now and then, it would run out of RAM and spontaneously close open apps without even asking me if I'd like to save my work/progress, etc.  I tried the Motorola Triumph for a time, but it was riddled with hardware issues and I couldn't quite get used to the lack of keyboard.  Enter the Optimus Slider.I pretty much treat this phone as a portable computer.  I rarely even use half of my allotted 300 minutes per month, but I frequently browse the internet, play games (both native to Android and emulated), watch movies, play music, etc.  So far, it has handled everything I've thrown at it excellently.  There is almost no lag, compared to often waiting several seconds to accomplish something on the Intercept.  The processors are the same speed as far as I can tell, but the Slider has double the RAM capacity, which helps tremendously.  The ~150 mb of internal storage for apps is on the low side, and would normally be a problem, as not all apps can be moved to the SD card and the native application moving in Android always leaves files behind even for those that can.  As a solution, I rooted the phone, installed a custom ROM and Gingerkernel, and installed Link2SD.  This allows me to move ANY app to the SD card, have it stay there, and have the phone think it's still installed in the internal memory.  Basically, I have over 300mb of apps installed on a 150mb phone, with ~90mb still free on the internal partition.Also, this phone gets the best signal on VM's network of the three I've used so far.  In my office, both the Intercept and Triumph struggled to get 1 or 2 bars with very slow data (and I use it quite frequently there), but the Slider has 3+ and I get consistently quick speeds.

Phone is great only thing I can complain about is the memory isn't too large, but I put an 8gb sd card in and it does the job.

The phone came on time and included everything that was listed.The thing that I did not like was the battery. When charged overnight the battery will sometimes not even reach 100%, and it only charges 1% every 20 minutes or so. Even when on the charger the battery is discharging at the normal rate unless the phone is completely off. When full, the phone will be dead within a few hours. Constantly have it on the charger.It presents a huge inconvenience and if I had known this I would not have purchased this phone.Other than that, it was in good shape.

Bought this for my a teenager's birthday.  He really enjoys it and the keyboard is an improvement over the Optimus V which was great also.Hard to find a good case but the phone is great.

I received a my new  virgin mobile LG optimus slider from amazon on April 4, 2012 and called the virgin mobile service number to activate and swap my old virgin mobile LG rumour touch phone for the new phone with the same number, they told me they would escalate the investigation to the tech department and to call back in 3 days. I called customer service back and they said the serial number was verified for VM but it would take more time for the techs to make the swap and to call back in 7 days, they charged me 10 dollars to make the switch. I called back in 7 days and they said the ticket was closed because i was trying to port the number ? i said i only wanted to switch my account and number to the new phone , they opened a new investigation ticket and said they would get back to me and never called back. I finally went on to their facebook page and saw the terrible problems with VM service the customers were having and i emailed the VM sprint customer service and they started working on the ticket and had all my information . they were going to send the information on to the tech section and would update me. a few days latter and i tried to get a status on the ticket and now they are not responding to my emails. I don't really blame the customer reps or even the techs , this is a problem with management. there seems to be nothing wrong with the phone and maybe its something to do with the phone being bought from amazon and not VM. my only option now is to try and return the phone. If you are considering VM for mobile service you should go to their facebook page and go back a couple of months to see their problems which are on other blogs also, i have been a VM customer for several years with out any problems but something happened recently with their managment. I have bought dozens of items from amazon and this is the only product i have had a problem with and it was not really a problem with the item , its a problem with Virgin Mobile.

But the slider keyboard is wonderful, even for my giant fingers. the phone feels durable and I get good reception through Virgin, just like it should. has more internal storage than my old Andriod, that cost twice as much. Its a great texting phone.

Phone is ok...but has problems connection to wifi....if u don't have a wifi connection u can't get to facebook or go to youtube....and when u do have wifi connection out keeps force closing....what I do like about the phone is the pull out keyboard and the look of the phone.

I bought this phone because I wanted a phone with a keyboard.  Little did I know (and check the Virgin Mobile website for similar reviews...Amazon reviews rate this phone higher than the VM website!) it would cut off and back on whenever it wanted to and would just all of a sudden not receive texts.  I would have to take the battery out and put it back in for all my 20 texts I had missed to come though.  It also would just not receive calls either...the call would go straight to voicemail and the phone wouldn't even ring.  Ugh.  This phone was so frustrating.  Finally, after missing an really important phone call, I bought the HTC One V, even though it doesn't have a keyboard.  It was by FAR worth it!!

Hello,This is my first review, so you won't find any under my name. But I am a real customer. It's taken a lot for me to even write this. I was looking forward to using Virgin Mobile since I've also used AT&T; and Verizon. But I wanted a phone with a lower monthly charge. The phone is great. I can get emails, surf the net, the battery life is much longer than I expected, and I make calls just fine. The one thing I can't do is receive text messages, which is about 90% of my communication. I can send them and they are received by the other parties. But I have yet to receive a single text message from anyone outside of the Virgin Mobile (VM) network. Since all of my friends and co-workers are either on AT&T; or Verizon, text messaging is useless. I called VM customer service: my phone was reset three times with no result. I called again and was told to turn off the phone, reseat the battery after 15 seconds, then restart the phone. I was assured that in 10 to 15 minutes, all my text messages would display. I did that process twice and still no messages. I called two more times to hear from the first "live advisor" that it would take 4 days to fix the issue. I was horrified. When I called back again to say that amount of time really wasn't acceptable, I was told by the second advisor that it would take 9 business days. I could not believe what I was hearing. I asked to speak with a manager. None were available. When I expressed amazement, disappointment, and annoyance at the situation, I was told only then that they would expedite my ticket to resolve it in 24 to 48 hours. Now seriously, their network isn't connected properly to AT&T; and Verizon? I can't possibly be the first person who's had this issue. And I can't believe that something so basic has been overlooked and that the amount of time it takes to resolve it is so long. I gave this two stars because if the network isn't functioning properly and you are primarily a texter, the phone is useless. This is strictly a VM phone. It's not like an iPhone where you can change providers. So be sure if you get this phone to immediately test to see if you get text messages. If you aren't, call in for a ticket immediately. If you are like me, the wait will be unbearable.Once this situation is resolved, I'll add an update. And I might change the rating depending on how quickly they resolve the issue. I was told that they would adjust my monthly change for this month since I've not been able to use the feature.UPDATE:The text issue was given to the tier-2 department and was partially fixed within 24 hours. I made sure that I could receive texts from my AT&T; and Verizon friends.I even sent myself SMS from gmail. That worked also. Unfortunately, I no longer get automated text messages from Amazon when a product is shipped nor when a delivery is made. This is a big deal since I order a lot of supplies from this site. In Amazon, I made sure to update the service provider for my phone. And even though Amazon Customer Service and I both updated my information, I'm still not able to receive texts from them. When I called VM to see if they could correct it on their end, I was told that they can't handle automated text messages. Bummer!As for the phone itself, the sound quality isn't as good as other providers. I get a lot more, "what did you say?" from people. Dropped calls happen a little more but not much to cause serious annoyance. And since I'm paying less than half what I used to, I can live with it.UPDATE: September 7thHere are some additional issues I've been dealing with.Amazon text messages: I'm still not getting them even though VM now saying that I can get automated text messages. They keep insisting that it's an amazon issue. But I've called Amazon customer service and I'm fine on this end. Tier-2 techs are still working on the problem. But since this is the third separate time I've called about this issue, I'm not holding my breath that it will be resolved.Storage space: I purchased this cell in April. By July, I started getting low storage messages. I haven't downloaded a lot of apps, or store a lot of pics or music on the phone. A big part of the problem is that there are default apps on the phone (like Facebook, Twitter, Poynt, SCVNGR, etc.) that I can't delete or move to the SD card. These apps take up a lot of space. Once my cell gets to a certain storage level, I can't read new text messages (which is my primary form of communication). I have to delete apps I want to make space just to read new TMs. That's happened about 3 times already, and it takes a while before I can read the messages so yes it's very annoying. There's apparently a way to freeze unwanted apps using titanium backup. I haven't researched it yet, so I can't say how effective it is.Minor email issue: I get email from gmail and hotmail on my phone. When I get a hotmail message, I get notified once per incoming email. However, with gmail I get two notifications per email: one from my gmail app, and one from the phone. I called VM Customer Service to find out if I could turn one of the notifications off. Sadly, the answer is no, I can't do that.Dual Phone numbers: Some cell phones can support two phone numbers at once. This phone doesn't have that feature. When I called VM CS to ask if they had phones that could support dual numbers, I got a very sarcastic response. She actually laughed at me and said no cell phone could do that. I politely said that there were phones that could support two numbers and that she clearly answered my question. I'm actually pretty tech savvy, so I could have done without the sarcasm. But to actually laugh at customer who's asking a question is just down-right rude.VM CS: I can tell that the customer service reps try to be polite. But even as some of them try to be, they can be pretty condescending.  As a result I'm not always patient with them when they talk down to me. Another pet peeve I have is that they shorten my first name even when I give them my entire first name. It wouldn't be so annoying if it weren't for the fact that they say my name in every sentence.On the positive side: The phone is durable. I'm a bit of a klutz and have dropped the phone a few times. It still works, hasn't exploded on contact, and hasn't cracked. For that, I'm very grateful. My next phone, however, probably won't come from Virgin Mobile.

Phone is working well. Charge daily with light use. For some reason freezes every couple days. When i use the keypad it leaves my text message and goes to some ither window? I ve had it for a month. I like it except for those few instances

I previously owned the Optimus V.  I found myself wanting to take more notes at work on the phone, but not having a keyboard made it a bit of a pain.  This phone is noticeably faster, is reliable, and great looking.I am nothing but pleased.Do it!

this phone is pretty awesome especially for the price i have had no issues with it other than i do need to turn it off for a good 10 min every day. o yeah the camera is kinda funky but it works..

I have owned the LG Optimus Slider (VM701) phone nearly a month. My spouse and I were able to take advantage of a Radio Shack special for Christmas 2011 that made this a far better buy. I can't complain about Virgin Mobile's service. We had to call customer service a couple times during and after activation and the reps were always friendly and we were not disconnected. That being said, I would advise that you activate your phone online. I called in my activation but had to go online before it "took". It took me about four hours for the phone to activate using my existing cell number but nearly two days and several phone calls for my spouse. (There is an "activation status" link on the Virgin Mobile website.)As a first-time Android owner it is fun to explore the Android marketplace, where it is possible to download a number of apps directly to the handset. You name it, there's an app for that. That's the good news. Now for the bad: with 181MB internal memory -- not the 512MB indicated in Amazon's description -- the VM701 fills up very fast when running apps that must utilize or reside on that space. Here's what we learned: All apps, even apps that can move to the included 2 gigabyte micro SD card, require some of that internal memory to operate. To write text messages or the like, you must always have internal memory free or errors and freezes will occur. I loaded enough apps at one point to come within 14MB of the internal memory limit only to encounter a severe memory outage. My phone froze and I had to reset the battery five times in a row before I caught a tiny status message on boot-up indicating that memory had run out. Consequently, if I had to name one bad thing about this mobile phone it is that you will run into memory limitations very quickly if you go "app happy" like I did. Some apps, like wallpapers and themes, insist on running on internal memory and you will have to make decisions about what takes priority. I recommend a minimum of 20MB free of internal memory at all times to avoid crashes and hangs.I am not sure if it is the phone or the Gingerbread OS but this phone sometimes has a mind of its own. I set a custom ring tone for my spouse and after two weeks it decided to switch to the Virgin Mobile start-up tone. A check of the settings revealed that my custom ring tone was still in place and that my preferred ringtone for general calls had changed on its own. When my spouse calls I get the "generic" ring tone instead. The other thing that has caused a fair amount of frustration is that the ringer mutes upon boot-up, yet only intermittently so. I like to turn my phone completely off at night and if I don't remember to check the volume button on the side of the phone when switching it on the next morning I will find it on "silent" later in the day even though I did not enter the operating system settings to mute it. I still haven't ruled out if an app is causing the issue, which is possible because my spouse has the same phone and has not had this particular problem.Above and beyond anything else I *assumed* about this phone, my spouse and I expected that like our feature phones the LG Optimus Slider would support audible (spoken) caller ID. This is not to be confused with the visual caller ID where you see your contact's picture and phone number pop up on the scree when the phone rings -- this form of caller ID is built in and functions flawlessly. Rather, we are attempting to enable an overlay such that when the phone rings it reads aloud what is shown on the screen. Thus far, I have paid for several apps and downloaded all the free apps on the market for "voice announce" caller ID and it does not reliably work -- even for callers who are in our contact lists. Once in a great while it will surprise us by correctly stating who is calling but for the most part our phones ring as normal or, if the SVOX voice says anything at all, it is to identify all incoming calls as "unknown". In searching various Android websites, I learned that audible caller ID is supposed to be a stock menu option in the Gingerbread OS but for whatever reason LG and/or VM has altered the menu so that it is omitted or hidden. If VM customer service has fallen short on one measure, it is in the conflicting responses I received to this question. Nobody can tell me whether it is a carrier vs. a hardware limitation, and the PDF owner's guide I downloaded didn't address the subject either. A post to the LG forum didn't clear up the issue, and attempts to use LG's web email form failed as did the Virgin Mobile website support form, neither of which have been working recently. It may have been VM's decision to strip this option out of the settings menu in attempt to streamline the OS to run on the phone's limited memory but that doesn't explain why I can't get a stand-alone app to fill in for the missing function.The best thing I can say about this handset is that it is solid in feel and will allow you to experience Android smartphone functionality for a low monthly prepaid price. The worst thing I can say about this handset is that reception, coming from AT&T; and Verizon, isn't up to par. It's not clear whether the network is to blame or the phone itself is lacking for an adequate antenna. All we know is that calls commonly clip or cut out when one of us is inside a mall or big-box retail store (though not at home or in the car, typically). Still, it is to the point where my spouse has left a store to complete a conversation outside. LG voice quality is good and the in-call volume is adequate when reception is good. Whether reception is adequate in the first place is the wild card, however. This phone utilizes the SPRINT network and here in SoCal that network ought to be as good as any. Unfortunately, we have noticed that sometimes our phones can be side-by-side and one of us will get the 3G signal (green bars and indicator) and the other will get white bars and 3G symbol, which if I am not mistaken signifies a slower 2G data connection. Odder still, we were driving beneath a SPRINT tower one day where we had five bars and on the other side of the street behind a small fast food restaurant all data connectivity dropped temporarily. If I had to evaluate VM as a carrier for business use -- and if I do recall the TOS for VM the company actually forbids commercial use so this may be a moot point -- I would recommend against Virgin Mobile and its parent company, SPRINT. However, if your primary aim is to own a modern smartphone while saving more money than you can with any other provider at present for unlimited data and texting, this prepaid LG smartphone is a great value. The VM voicemail system is better than AT&T;'s because it will time-stamp messages but on the downside I had to download a "missed call" app to get a tone to alert me to a missed text or voicemail message. That is because the phone's built-in notification consists solely of a tiny icon on the status bar and an equally tiny LED light that glows green when the phone has completed charging and/or an unheard or unread message has arrived. Both are far too discrete and easy to miss, but fortunately there was an app to solve the problem.A lot of LG Optimus Slider owners have complained about battery life, whereas a PC Magazine website article describes it as "excellent". I wouldn't call it excellent but it has not been as bad as I expected, either. My spouse typically needs to recharge half way or so through the day, whereas I can get through an entire day without a recharge even with frequent use (for me that is WI-FI more than talk or text, thus far). The phone is rated for 4.5 hours of talk time but when fully charged an app I downloaded, "Easy Task Killer", indicates that I have six hours of talk time. I have not talked on the phone for more than an hour continuously, however, so I don't know how accurate that is. In any event, we each use an application, available on the Android market, to conserve battery life. My spouse uses the free "Easy Battery Saver" app and I paid for "Juice Defender Plus" to compare the differences. What we learned is that some of the optimization settings to eliminate drains on the battery can also disrupt WI-FI and data connectivity. We at first thought our phones were faulty because we downloaded a battery-saving app first thing, only to find that the phones would drop WI-FI at random sitting five feet from the router, or after going out and about the data connection would not surrender so that the handset could seamlessly pick up in-home WI-FI. We set our phones to use a static IP address and that helped moderately with the WI-FI issue. However, I highly recommend Juice Defender Plus because not only will it keep the battery going it has a "mobile data" force-on feature and WI-FI fix. Once I went to the application settings and checked those fixes I have had no further problem with random drops when switching between the VM data network and WI-FI. All this aside, if you have particularly bad battery performance it may be a defective phone or battery. If, on the other hand, you are a heavy user the solution may be to seek out a compatible aftermarket battery that is rated in excess of the stock OEM battery rating of 1500mA. Please be advised, however, that the use of a third-party battery may void your handset warranty.With respect to the slide-out keyboard, I am glad we opted for the LG Optimus Slider over the Optimus V, which differs chiefly in that it omits a physical keyboard. The Slider's QUERTY keyboard is much faster. In contrast, I find that the Swype keyboard is too narrow due to the limitations of the screen size, and therefore I am prone to making more mistakes on the virtual keyboard than its physical counterpart. That being said, I have been frustrated in that there appears to be some way of accidentally triggering a copy/cut/paste function. I still haven't quite figured out why but if there is something in my clipboard and I hit the letter "v" the content is either pasted in over what I am currently composing or lost, depending on the action I have accidentally triggered. I attempted to post this how-to question to the Virgin Mobile product page Q&A; for this handset but VM never posted it.The web via Android is generally accessible but not to be compared with the experience of a conventional Internet browser/computer connection. This mobile phone, other than the built-in YouTube app, does NOT support Adobe Flash (contrary to Amazon's description). Whether for this or some other reason, some websites that permit comments don't allow for successful login, nor the ability to submit comments using the built-in Google Android browser. Alternatives such as Dolphin, Opera or Skyfire mobile phone browsers are not much better in this particular regard. I have spent a fair bit of time retyping things that I lost because the cursor is missing from the comment field or the clipboard content I had intended to paste is pushed out by accidentally triggering the "copy" function while attempting to get a cursor to move or a "submit" button to work. As expected, there are some websites that are optimized for mobile viewing and others that are not. It takes good eyesight to make use of non-optimized websites. Normal newspaper print type is 9 points whereas the type on a conventional (non-mobile) web page, when viewed on this phone, hovers around 5 points. You can zoom in with the flick of two fingers but that, in turn, means that the text doesn't always wrap correctly for easy reading. I can understand why a lot of people who own these smartphones also end up buying a tablet. Fortunately, the LG Optimus Slider screen features crisp resolution and the brightness options are adequate for all but the most glaring outdoor conditions. The only downside in this regard is that the brightness adjustment is a manual one. This handset does not come equipped with a light sensor to automatically adjust screen brightness but you can always install a toggle switch on your home screen for instant access to this setting, if need be.The 800Mhz processor seems fast enough for most tasks. The phone bogs down a bit when multiple apps are going but game-play in Angry Birds, for reference, is smooth with few "force quit" issues. Internet radio via Pandora and iHeart Radio work well. Oddly enough, however, it took some doing to get the VM Live app to buffer the carrier's own streaming content. To my pleasant surprise, I also found an app that will allow iTunes to sync with my phone, and sound quality through the mono speaker or stereo headphone connection is quite good. On the flip side, it is puzzling why some apps insist on running even when you don't want or need them. Using the free and highly functional "Android Assistant" to perform backups and to browse the phone's internal file structure, one of the system processes that runs frequently in the background is the built-in Facebook app. This is both creepy and inexplicable given that I choose not to join Facebook and have no need to operate it. (Unfortunately, it ships with the phone and can't be deleted to free up space.)This handset is Bluetooth compatible and provides turn-by-turn GPS navigation functions, but I have comparatively less experience with these other than to say Bluetooth, GPS and data usage hasten battery drain. For GPS use I recommend a car charger, sold separately. As for the 3.2MP camera, I must admit that I was disappointed with image quality. Shutter lag is significant, which results in soft, unattractive pictures under artificial indoor light. There is no flash but the camera works better than my first impression led me to anticipate under natural light or sunlight with pleasing color accuracy. There is not a front-facing camera for video conferencing but that was not a high priority for me in the first place -- one camera is enough for the price. Last but not least, it is my understanding that the LG Optimus Slider will NOT receive the Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS) OS update because the internal memory and/or processor speed is inadequate to support it.All in all I am happy with the purchase of the LG Optimus Slider. The stars I have docked are for poor indoor reception foremost, and secondarily for the operational glitches that seemingly give this handset a mind of its own.

I was with T-Mobile for 20 years.  Had a blackberry with no internet so decided it was time to get into the 21st Century.  I have had the LG Optimus Slider a week, only downloaded 2 apps (which I installed on my SD card) and Internal Memory IS FULL. Once this happens you cannot send or receive test messages. Called Virgin mobile and they walked me through steps to clear caches. Found out that all the apps included on the phone when bought, you are unable to delete them OR move them to the SD card.Also - THIS PHONE DOES NOT HAVE A FLASH TO GO WITH THE CAMERA.  This is different than how they state "it does not support Flash player".I finally pulled the trigger and went for Android touch screen - and HATE IT!! But having spent $150 only a week ago for this new phone, I guess I'll have to wait for a new one.As my husband says, we live and learn.

So I have now had an Optimus V, a Triumph, and an Optimus Slider.  The bottom line is that none of them are an iPhone 4 (which is what I had before the Optimus V) and all of them have there own specific downsides. So why did I leave the glorious iPhone?2 reasons:1. I have had enough of the post-paid contract deal that is now all but required to get a decent phone from the big companies.  I got tired of having to call every other month to straighten out a bill.  Getting nickeled and dimed left and right to add on a million features just to get a reasonably functional phone.2. I had had enough of AT&T.; I hated being transfered 20 times everytime I called. I hated having to argue my case for an hour just to get the $6 credit that that they somehow inadvertantly tacked on to my already ridiculously expensive bill.What was wrong with my other phones?Optimus VOverall good phone. Everything works well and for the average user, it is a great low budget solution, but...1.  My biggest qualm with this phone is Android 2.2 Froyo.  It may sound like a small thing but Froyo makes it very difficult to copy/paste.  It was very hard to find but once I finally figured it out, it was very cumbersome and iritating.  I copy/paste all day long so this ended up being a major issue for me.  Also, Froyo is not as battery efficient as Gingerbread.2.  Just like the Slider, the camera is not good.  Pictures are fine for quick snap shots when nothing else is available, but video is absolutely horrible.  I would rather just take an audio recording than use this video camera.3.  I ran into several apps that were not optimized for LG Optimus V, so they wouldn't run.  Not a major issue and it was only a few but worth noting.4.  Not enough internal memory. This is a major issue with low end Android phones. Even though you can use a micro sd card to get more storage, many apps must be installed on the internal memory, and if it can be installed to the sd card, part of the app must remain on the internal memory. Optimus V has around 140mb of usable internal memory (Slider has 152 mb).  The issue with the Optimus V comes in that all the preinstalled apps need to be updated.  When they are updated, an additional 50-60 mb is used because the old applications are not replaced since they are in the system memory (bloatware is less than desirable - this will become an issue with the Slider soon too when all the preinstalled apps become extinct and we are forced to update).  Right now with the Slider I simply don't update most of the preinstalled apps because all of the older versions function just fine.5.  Headphones had a loud enough static that is not present in the Slider (yay!)6.  600 mhz processor made for many things running too slowly for me (slider is more smooth so far - makes me happier!)Triumph1.  It is too big for its britches.  I had minor glitches with the Triumph running Froyo: periodic restarts (Virgin Mobile's start up music was particularly irritating while I was in a meeting at work or talking with a client).2.  Froyo sucks the battery dry.  It would have a dead battery with very minimal use (30 min tops) within 12 hrs.  That meant that I couldn't even make it home before the battery was dead.3.  The awesome 5mp camera is not so awesome.  It takes very bad pictures indoors (worse than the optimus).  Outside was reasonably good.  The video camera was absolutely horrid.  Slow frames per second made for very blurry videos inside and outside.  It boasts 720p capture but all that really means is that it is a bad video camera that can take widescreen videos.4.  I tried rooting my triumph and installing custom firmware, but the custom firmware for the Triumph, though abundant in choices, all seem to have too many issues for me.5.  Internal memory (about 1gb usuable) on the Triumph is awesome!  I could install as much as I wanted and still have plenty of room for more!So what is bad about the Slider?1.  Still not enough internal memory.  I am sure that it will cause issues in the future.2.  Still not a great camera3.  It is a little on the thick side4.  If you have your phone display on for more than 2 hrs a day (I always have my bluetooth/gps/wifi off to conserve battery), you will have to charge it before the end of a work day.5.  No LED flash (probably my most disappointing loss from the Triumph)6.  The Virgin Mobile bloatware is horrible and a space waster!What is good about the Slider?1.  800 mhz processor makes things smoother than the Optimus V.  It is up to par for me.2.  Finally Android 2.3 Gingerbread pre-installed!3.  Definately the lowest battery consumption in standby mode.4.  Pre-installed apps are more up to date and for me, I did not have to update conserving my internal memory!5.  I do love having a physical keyboard!  My first one ever, and it is great!  If touch screens for these phones were as good as the iPhone, it would probably be less of an issue, but having the physical keyboard is desirable in my opinion.My opinion thus is that the Slider is better than the Optimus V.  Though some things are not as good as the Triumph, it fits me better.If you are going to start new service and would like 60 free minutes, enter this "Kickbacks" referral code: LDXFwH94

AWESOME PHONE, NO MORE CONTRACTS.  THIS PHONE IS AWESOME, UNLIMITED EVERYTHING AND CHEAP...U DONT NEED EXPENSIVE MONTH TO MONTH CONTRACT PLANS...GET THIS PHONE....GET MORE MINUTES ON YOUR, USE REFERAL CODE ZTOPTLHT...

Loved the phone and what I was able to do with it. Not for my plan so sent it back.

The phone arrived a few days before the estimated date. This phone exceeded beyond my expectations, The description was spot on but I also seen no flaw in the phone either. Phone worked great when I turned it on. I also do believed that I got a great deal for the phone in its condition.

This is one of the nicest phones I've ever had. I don't think there's anything that it CANNOT do. It processes fast, connects to signal and WiFi fast, calls are a breeze and it syncs with my car with no problems at all. The touchscreen works smoothly and the keyboard works just fine for me. I'm not so crazy about the touchscreen keyboard so I tend to ignore it and pop out the slide keyboard instead of trying to mess with it. I did notice that the phone ate up the battery pretty quick so I removed some of the unnecessary apps and downloaded the latest version of Juice Defender. Once I got it the phone stays charged for me all day long with average use.

Okay, yeah. It's used, it's gonna have scratches. I merely got this phone so I can run a hotspot from an application I have, called PDANet+FoxFi. It is listed on the hotspot compatibility list. Works fine. No problem, and I already knew to expect lag here or there from a friend, and to have minimal memory. The phone works fine and has a fairly decent camera nonetheless.

I got this for my brother since he liked mine.  the phone didn't work, it didn't ring you couldn't here the person your calling unless you put is on speaker and even then it would work at time. I do not recommend to a friend,  even i had a problem with mine after a mo. it would freeze up

This is my first smartphone.  I like the slide out keyboard, and it is a decent phone for the price.  It's not always that fast, and some apps (such as facebook) don't work very reliably on it.  The limited internal memory is also somewhat frustrating, much of it is taken up by apps that came with it that I don't want but that it won't let me delete.  Even putting as much as I can on to the SD card, I can't fit as many apps as I want on it.  The camera, for a cheaper phone, is pretty good.  For the price, barely above a dumb phone, I'm not going to complain too much.I also love Virgin, I pay less for 300 minutes of talk (which I never reach), unlimited text, and 2GB of acceptably fast 3G, than I did for fewer minutes and no data with Verizon.Later review: After seeing some of the new phones on the market for only a little more, and knowing the people who have them, I'm downgrading my review significantly, mostly because of the memory issue.  It only gives you access to 140 MB of internal memory, most of which is taken up by apps you can't get rid of.  There's very little room to add extra apps, and it only lets you move part of some apps to the SD card.  It's also started to be more sluggish and crash more often.  Overall this is an outdated model.
