
This is my second phone, given that I return first one to Amazon. Data drops every two minuts. You never know if you can go online, or get your e-mails on time. I tried everything changed the sim card, factory data reset etc etc. I always had Samsung phones, but they dropped the ball on this one. My old Optimus T 3g never and I say Never had this problem. I live in the zone where 4G supposed to be great. (4G or 2G) My husband has Optimus (3g) still and get his e-mails where i don't with 2 phones sitting side by side. My text messages don't get sent. Unbeliavable, second phone!!!Will have to return to T-Mobile store. This is way unreliable.

Since my mother's phone went missing, I decided to purchase this one through Amazon. The phone is identical to the one I purchased at the Tmobile store (for myself) except for the battery. In my honest opinion, it looked like a cheap battery but it hasn't given mom an issue so that's not a problem!This phone features the main things a phone should have: easily managed apps, and quick access to email, texting, and contacts. Charges quick too. My phone (purchased at a Tmobile store) has been lasting me so far for 2 years. Lets hope this one does too!-K

This phone has all the smart features of a high end smart phone. The price is very reasonable compared to its market peers. The performance is comparable with the performance of Samsung SII or SIII. Setup of the phone is pretty easy and you can easily transfer contents from another smart phone easily.

It has been 1.5 month since I bought this item. It is time to make a fair judgement now.[Appearance]----------------This is good looking device with thin design. Screen size is 3.7 inch.[Usage]----------------Exhibit II is quite light. It feels good in hand. You mostly need to use your both hands to handle because of Android's menu and virtual keyboard design.[Speed]----------------It takes about a minute to boot device which is reasonable I guess. This is not fast device even it has 1 GHz processor. Because processor speed is an illusion in Android devices. Don't get fulled by numbers, just think about what you get. If you compare Samsung Exhibit II with iPhone which has equivalent hardware you will understand what I mean. My conclusion is Android is much slower operating system than iPhone. What you pay is what you get.[Camera]----------------Front cam is an ordinary one that is reasonable for video calls. Rear camera is 3MP with flash support. Photo quality is not fancy but not too bad at all.[Operating System]----------------This device is running Android Gingerbread(2.3.x). Android is Java dependent system which makes it running slow. However it is still better than Windows based mobile operating system. You can experience weird resets sometimes don't worry. There is no news about Android 4.0 update. I guess they may not prepare 4.0 update for Exhibit II.[Connectivity]----------------3G/4G networks are available for internet connection. Bluetooth is available for data exchange.[Software]:----------------t is coming with bunch of useless T-Mobile software. You cannot directly remove them they are defined as system component. You need to root and remove them. You will use Android Market for new software. Android Market is still poor if you compare it with iPhone apps.[Battery life]----------------This part is really crucial. I bought this device to use 4G service. That is why I always enable either WiFi or 4G. Data backup and synchronization services are always running too. Average battery life is 20 hours for me. But there is a significant inconstancy in battery consumption. I usually use similarly each day but sometimes battery is draining in 8 hours, but rarely it is draining in 30 hours. I have no idea about that.[GPS/Navigation]----------------At the beginning GPS signal was frequently dropping but it is quite consistent nowadays. Use Google Navigation software. It is much better software than other navigation software which comes default.[Conclusion]----------------First off all you need to know that you are not buying an iPhone equivalent smart phone. I don't know the whole market but this might be one of the best smart phones in terms of performance/cost. If disadvantages don't bother you too much this might be right smart phone for you.I hope this review is helpful for you.

Had a galaxy exhibit that i really enjoyed...this galaxy us smaller. and the screen at times does things on it own.

For a Samsung phone I am extremely disappointed. The phone is slow and often unresponsive, making phone calls and texting is more difficult than it should be considering it is a &#34;smart&#34; phone. I would spend my money on a phone that actually works and can actually be called a smartphone. If you're looking for a real proper smartphone I would suggest buying something more worthwhile.

Ran across this item and could not beat the price,  the touchscreen is a bit touchy & do not like where the volume button is as you will hit it all the time without even trying to. but overall, works great. The item was as described & super fast shipping, I highly recommend this seller. Thanks.

I purchased this in an effort to break free of AT&T's ridiculous prices for their mobile plans. I am now contract free with T-Mobile, have the exact same service plan unlimited everything, at a savings of $70 per month. Also I own the phone outright!

got mine a month ago. had it rooted to get rid of tmobile bloatware. runs on simple mobile $40 unlimited. battery life is great provided you know how to tweak the settings. am getting 2 days with heavy use and 3 days with normal use. display is amazing. wifi is quick to connect. camera/video is ok. internet browsing is blazing fast. overall no problems so buy this phone here at amazon.

I really wanted the Samsung Galaxy II, but was unwilling to pay the $600.00 everyone was asking for.  So I settled on the Samsung Eclipse.  I really like it. It surprised me. Its light and sturdy.  Best smart phone for the price.

My son dropped his T-mobile Comet and broke it.  We upgraded to this instead.  What a good purchase!  Samsung does a quality job with their phones.  The only snafu is that not all the texts show up.  That might be user error or something with T-mobile, so we won't hold it against the phone until we know for sure.

Just what I wanted but turns out the flash for the camera doesnt work. Overall I still love this phone

This is a very nice no-contract phone. I'm sure it doesn't compare to those dual-core latest/greatest android phones, but its a good price for a decent phone.  A couple of things I wanted to highlight.  First of all, there is a big discussion about whether or not you can activate the $30 plan [100 minutes, 5GB of 4G data] susposedly exclusive to walmart when you buy the phone from here. Now, I can't say that you can do it in all circumstances, but let me just say that it is possible since I was able to do this.  All I did was follow the tmobile online activation.  I didn't call anyone (I don't think you can do it if you call, unless you pester them into doing it for you).  I also activated a temporary number, but plan to transfer my virgin mobile number later.  You don't need to buy an activation kit from tmobile.com, you can use the one that came with the phone.*PROS*-Display Screen is very nice. Coming from a 3.2 inch Optimus V.-Phone is fast (1 Ghz). You won't see much lag if any.-Wifi speed is fast. (I compared it to other phones and this one consistenly is faster)-Size is perfect for pocket. (Same size as Optimus V but thinner with larger screen)-Front facing camera for chat. (Works with Skype/google voice)*CONS*-No zoom on the back camera-pictures are a bit grainy with the back camera. (3.2 Megapixels - a bit disappointing)-4G connection is slow. The best I've seen is 800 mbps download. I was getting much better on 3G from Virgin Mobile.-Takes forever to charge.  I think 4+ hours from 0% to 100%Updated 04/02/12:The screen brightness on this phone outdoor is horrible. It is worse than my Optimus V. At lowest brightness setting, I can't see anything outdoor and can't enter my screen lock code.  This was not a problem on the Optimus V.  At the brightest setting, I can barely make things out.  The Optimus V screen is brighter than this one.  The could be a deal breaker for me so might have to return the phone.  No argument about the display indoor...it looks really nice. I've got to move it from 4 stars to 2.

Awesome product. Very affordable and customer friendly. The apps are awesome. The screen options are easily accessible.  Lets me add favorites unlimited.

Good phone, good choice for a replacement phone.If you used iphone 3g or below, or other low end phones before. Yes, this phone will be a very good choice.If you used a high end phone before. you may feel disappointed.###Pros:Thin, light, and can be use as an smartphone (Phone, GPS, internet, camera ...)Nice sound quality, Nice screen color.Yeah, $200, worth it.###Cons:#1. NO Light sensor, (don't see any description of it in the manual, or maybe there is not one).Brightness of this phone is fix! This will drain the battery fast.#2. USB connection is not working on most computer (unlike other Android phones, Samsung's problem, maybe). I tried win7 winXP and Linux. You have to install a driver before transferring files.If you want to use this phone as a usb flash drive, avoid it.#3. Short battery life. Comparing with other android phone with a 1500 mah battery, this phone is poor. Barely last 16 hour.(Can be improve if you root it, or install other rom. But the original rom is NOT a good one)#4. Slow camera operation. (maybe samsung software problem).#5. No FM radio#6. No LED notification light. If you have a missed call, if you have new email coming, you always have to light up the screen to check.

I pay $30 for unlimited data/text and have 100 minutes of talk, and if I need more I just use the Skype app I downloaded and buy minutes from there and talk for 2 cents a minute. Compared to the $90 with my contract phone this is great! Unfortunately, the phone is rubbish compared to my previous HTC HD7. I try and keep my patience and remind myself of the savings but popping my battery out to restart my phone because it freezes several times a day gets extremely old. I have downloaded just a few apps such as Words with Friends, Draw Something, Fruit Ninja, and a couple others. They all run fine but when I just want to put my password in to access my phone there is some serious lag. There is also a bunch of preloaded apps that I will never use that you cannot delete. For now I'll tough it out because I love dishing out at the most $40 a month compared to $90 just beware and be patient.

I purchased this after seeing great reviews. It constantly dropped my calls and failed sent messages in great signal range w/wifi. It would just cut my call off during conversation or while it was dialing,even when someone was trying to call me! I'm sending it back!

Well I have had a cell phone since the 1990's ,not a smart one ,just a heavy analog Cellular one phone .At .75c a min I didn't make many calls.After 2 days I was getting the hang of this .A little peeved by all those useless aps on here ,I mean what do most of them do .I soon found out you can't remove the ones that came with the phone unless you root the phone .What does that mean ,it sounds scary ,can I root that they go away ,I don't think so .I with the help of Norton was able to put their Norton 360 in there ,but have to leave Samsung's antivirus choice in there ,that I don't like .I was smart enough before I took my sim card out of my old phone to transfer my contacts onto the sim card which saved me a lot of time .One thing I always do is buy extra chargers car & wall ,a shield and case .Unfortunately I learned that the Exhibit 2 was not the same as just plain Exhibit ,what a pain .The only negative that I can see this Android is Gingerbread were as the latest is Jelly Bean so although most what works works with most aps except Scout which is something I'd like ,but is not compatible .I think at $125 without a contract is an amazing price ,and maybe I'm wrong but can't imagine what a $700 phone can do that this one cant .I'm happy with it ,it is a no lose situation .

I only had it for less than a week, but I'm really digging this phone. It's my first smart phone, so I'm not speaking with tons of experience.There is a bunch of bloatware on this phone. I installed the ZergRush root:(...)And then Titanium Back-up app which allows backing-up to the SD card and removal of all the crap.Worked great. Still exploring all the capabilities this phone has.The voice recognition seems to work really well. I've used it a few times with the Google search function when I didn't feel like typing.It has locked-up once while surfing the web which required a battery pull. Re-booted with no ill-effects.A primary attraction to this phone was the availability of T-mobile's $30/mo 100 min/unlimited text and data plan. I wanted a smart phone on a monthly plan, but not the typical $70/mo charge you've got with a contract. For me, this is an ideal package as I'm not a big talker.That being said, read the fine print. This plan is only available via Walmart and T-mobile.com. The catch is that going through either of these sources makes it difficult or impossible to port your old number.To activate my phone, I called T-mobile's porting resolution number at 877-789-3106. They activated my phone and ported my old number, but then despite my request, set me up with the $50/mo unlimited plan. I had to call customer service and do some arm twisting to get on the "Walmart plan".In hindsight, it may have been easier to have paid an extra 10 bucks and bought the phone from Walmart.8/8/2012 UPDATE:This sucker runs HOT. Gets pretty warm while websurfing and streaming. Gets scalding hot while running Navigation. It's locked up a few times while running navigation. Pretty much the worst time to have to shut down and restart your phone (while driving).This last time when trying to restart, I got a message stating the battery was too hot, or something to that effect. I've started removing the case when using the Navigation.I'm pretty sure these symptoms are leading up to premature battery failure. Time will tell. Might try a different case to alleviate the issue.Other than that, I'm really happy with the phone.

My phone is dead now, Never recommend any one to buy this dead phone.Battery is horribleI hate this phone!!

get the latest technology with a low price.Not a TOP cell phone but the best with this price.Totally recommend

I am having constant texting issues like some other reviewers mentioned.  The portion of the screen where you're supposed to tap to enter a text is VERY unresponsive, and I have to tap it about 10 times to be able to write a text.  Other issues I've had with the phone include powering off at random times when the battery isn't low, screen freezing up frequently, texts fail to send constantly and then the recipient says I've sent it multiple times, and the battery doesn't last very long at all.  I don't think it's just my phone because I know other people who have the phone as well and have the same problems.  Looking for a replacement ASAP.

As a recent college graduate my landscape has been saving money. I got this phone in order to get the unlimited text talk and web plan from tmobile. The phone itself is just as good as any other phone on the market and about half the cost. In addition the phone is wifi enabled which allows it to use a wifi connection to extend its network. I live in a very thick apartment complex and couldn't get service with my old verizon phone, but this one gets perfect signal. The only downfall of this phone is that it's not the absolute top quality like some of the other phones when it comes to the processor and video quality. If that's not your number one priority then you'll be very happy with this phone.

I got this phone about 2 months ago from a MetroPCS storefront, not Amazon.  But it's the identical model.  It has an always-active touchscreen, and the power button is on the side, just below the upper right corner.  What's wrong with these things?The power button falls naturally under your left index finger, when holding it to your ear in your left hand.  It doesn't power off for several seconds, but the slightest touch drops the call you're on.With the normal display during a call, touching the screen with your ear, as is quite natural, also drops the call immediately.  If you happen to have switched to the keypad display, e.g. to navigate through voicemail hell to get a live person, then your ear touching the screen produces loud beeps when it hits a number.  To avoid this, you have to wedge the upper edge of the screen into your ear, quite uncomfortably and reducing the volume, and also hold the bottom far from your mouth, so the other person has trouble hearing you.I'm kinda stuck with the phone (although not a 2-year contract, thank god), so I'm buying a Bluetooth headset.  That's all very well for calls I've planned in advance to make, and reduces the risk of fried brains, but who wants to wear a headset for hours just to be able to answer a call quickly without risking dropping it?Don't buy this phone!  Or the Exhibit II, which a friend reports has the same problem.  How Samsung can be such idiots is beyond me.

I bought this phone from Walmart for $199 with $30 prepaid plan(100 talk mins with unlimited data plan - 5GB/4G speed).I have been using it for 30 days now, I am so satisfied with this phone and the data plan. Right size, gps, good resolution, 3.7" display screen, and fast speed. I carry it everywhere I go, I love it. T-mobile is doing the right thing with this prepaid phone and the $30/month unlimited data plan.

I now have 3 of these phones two in use and third as backup. I love the 4G it is definitely faster than my daughter's and son-in-laws 3G Iphones and after more than a year I cant think of anything I would want it to do that it can't

Switched from aging Blackberry and for a few days the Android system seemed so disorderly I considered turning it back in. Spending a few minutes online looking at tips and shortcuts changed my mind. I'm syncing Outlook calendar wirelessly with Google calendar sync- you can set the frequency and forget it- next thing you know all your appointments and schedule changes are taken care of. The T-mobile 4G is fast and there's an unlimited everything plan for 50 bucks- but only first 200mb or so are 4G,another 10 bucks get you 2gb at 4G before it's slowed. That's prepaid and with easy pay there's no more buying cards or going to the store to refill. I save over 250 bucks a year from old plan, have no contract, no refill cards and a phone that handles all my work demands.Phone pays for itself in less than a year. I've used the mobile hotspot with 3 devices, works like a charm and no extra fee for using it on this phone, makes trips to non wi-fi zones more enjoyable with kids.Problems- some difficulty syncing with my car's bluetooth but it worked after quite a few attempts. Battery life even for a moderate user requires daily charge but if you plug into car's USB this is not a problem on the road.Oh, and going prepaid with T-mobile gets you overseas customer support instead of American, kind of strange.Any other issues I'm attributing to just being different than Blackberry. Oh, and my T-mobile store was fantastic about teaching me more about this phone even though I didn't purchase it there, thanks to Johnny on Kingwood Drive.

I bought this phone for my brother in law who's new in this country.  So far it's working fine, he hasn't complained yet about anything.

I though this phone was great, but it turned out to be just ok. It freezes to much and its slow

Postscript 12/16/2013: I've now dedicated this handset to car use - both in terms of OBDII monitoring and motion video recording. Additionally, when not in monitoring use, for vehicle location, something Android/Google lets you do. Completely brilliant, it's sat in the frozen SUV, well shielded, without freezing or dying, reporting its location back to Google. This is, admittedly, a specialized non-phone application, but considering the capabilities and the price it is very well suited for that. Love it. I mean, you don't want to take a $500 phone and use it for tinkering, if you're not independently wealthy, but this, I can manage, the ancillary mobile charge is only $10/month.Postscript 9/26/2013:  This device/version of Android works brilliantly with the Paypal Here device and application - I understand not all Galaxy's do. The only caveat is that you need to set up the Paypal app with a mobile #/PIN login - a regular login crashes the app. The new version of the Android Device Manager, accessible at the Google site, which can locate, lock or wipe the phone remotely, works with this handset too. GPS works fine, so does Bluetooth, WiFi calling (UMA) works, and I am impressed with the battery life - my Blackberry Torch 9810 doesn't last a full day on 4G, the Exhibit 4G does.  All in al, the T679 provides a very stable, manageable, and capable little handset, for relatively little money.Original review 9/21/2013:  What with 672 reviews of this unit, you probably don't really need mine, so let me just add why I purchased it, and what I found. I- wanted to get a sufficiently advanced Android device so I could try Paypal's "Here" credit card device;- wanted to learn a bit of Android, having been a Blackberry / Nokia aficionado until now; and- wanted a device I could use with one of my existing postpaid T-Mobile lines.It does all that, admirably. I'll add a postscript as soon as I've had a chance to test the Paypal device, but for now, I was able to pop in one of my SIM cards, and have the thing come up on TMO's 4G (HSPA+) and use its UMA (WiFi Calling). IOW, all good, there aren't any restrictions on the device as far as I can see, it'll use 4G data too, although I have that turned off on this line for now.The Android thing was just to satisfy my curiousity, what can I tell you, it works, I can't quite fathom all of the excitement, other than that you get a gazillion apps, which for those with the time to play must be a Godsend. I like the support I get from Google, including Google Maps with offline capability, and Google Voice, something I've been using for a long time. Am I happy telling Google where I go, what I do, who I do it with, and when? No, so this handset will never be my primary handset, but if that doesn't bother you, this is a very cheap - although as I write this it's gone up a bit from what I paid - powerful, and very convenient, pretty little handset. I do realize it is fashionable to carry a flat screen TV in your shirt pocket these days, but for those not bothered, and for those who already have a tablet and a laptop, this is a nice device. I especially like the lack of buttons on the surround - on my Blackberry and my Nokia, I am forever pushing things I shouldn't. Importantly, this is a brand spanking new, T-Mobile branded, device, with the factory seals intact, and updated to the latest (2.3.6 T679UVLK2) Android version available for it, at a very decent price  - mine came from shopcelldeals, can't vouch for other vendors. TMO will even unlock it for you, if you're an existing customer and you meet the requirements, and they provide the warranty and support for it.Enjoy.

The Exhibit II is a pretty good phone.  The picture quality is impressive and I haven't had any big problems with it yet. Here are the issues I've found:- The buttons on the lower 0.5" of the touchscreen are often unresponsive to normal touch - I have to press and hold the button until it detects my finger.- I received a call one time where the phone only vibrated, although the phone was not in silent mode and the ringer volume was about 75%- The phone is pretty sluggish when "waking up" (but then again, aren't we all?)- GPS only works with internet connection (Wi-Fi or 4G, which is probably standard), although the phone settings are set to use only GPS satalites because I don't have data on my planThere are a few issues with the phone, but overall I'm pleased with the purchase.

I dropped my phone and needed a new one. This one is slower than I'm used to but works fine.

My mom got this phone several months ago and it's been working fine, however she doesn't have any extra apps. I decided to buy the same phone a few weeks after. I transferred my contacts and downloaded my standard apps (facebook, chase, workout app and food journal)...within the next 2 days it kept shutting on and off! I returned it 3 days later. I'm not sure if I got a dud or if this phone isn't designed to withstand any extra apps running on it. Make of it what you will, i'll never be buying one of these again.

very slow  sometimes it takes awhile to move to the next screen or to start up anything (text, app, or even back to the home screen).  this is pretty much a toy for my 2 yr old kid now.  Battery dies fast also.  dont buy it.

Great phone works awesome as described.  It came brand new in the box and was easy to set up. Would recommend this phone.

Hello all!I am anxiously awaiting my phone's arrival (tomorrow)! I had a couple quick questions right now that you guys could probably answer.  I want to use the prepaid $30 plan that walmart offers but you can't get through the t-mobile store...so buying this phone on amazon...do I still need to buy a sim card activation kit or will it come with a new sim card I can use to get the $30 plan?  Some people have been saying that you need to buy the phone from walmart to take advantage of the plan - but others say you need to buy an activation kit.  I was wondering if ordering a new one on amazon will be sufficient without the kit.  Also, on a 100 minute plan, I am worried I may go over, but I was thinking - Skype doesn't use minutes, I can just use the data for that, correct?  Sorry if these questions have already been answered - I just want to buy the activation kit online now so I can be ready for tomorrow if I need to buy it.  Don't want to have to wait for it to ship here though. Thanks everyone!

The phone does not function properly. everyone I talked to said I sounded garbled. Was very disappointed, I received it as a gift and totally upset about the phone.

This phone is almost worthless as it ships from Samsung/T-Mobile. It is choked with bloatware and the memory allocation system in operating system Jellybean 2.3 is too inefficient to juggle all the processes that normal use starts up. I grew to HATE this phone because it was so frustrating to use. My iPhone-using sister stared at me in disbelief when I showed her how it operates stock.Since I was so frustrated with this phone, I took the plunge and learned how to get root access and installed the Gingerbread 3.0 operating system and WOW... what a difference! This device now works like a smartphone should.The interface, wireless, and 4G connections are all faster. My voice connections are more clear. The battery life is improved. It's like a new device and a joy to use.The different flavors of operating systems for the phone are available here: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2037654I'm running RebelROM 3.1 (a variant of Sony's Experia system), and I love it, but I think I'm going to try out some of the 4.2 editions now that I know the process to flash the ROM.For the price, this device has good value for people who don't mind installing new software.By the way, the process to change the operating system (back up your contacts, music, photos, etc... first!) is like this:1) Copy ClockworkMod 6 to the internal phone SD storage via a micro USB cable2) Copy your target OS to the internal phone storage or an external Micro SD card.3) Reboot the phone into Recovery Mode4) Run Backup from within ClockworkMod5) Select Wipe/Factory Reset6) Select Install ROM7) Reboot and enjoy your new phone!There are more detailed instructions at the XDA website, but that is a rough outline of the process.Overall, I'm happy with my smartphone now that all the bloatware is gone and an updated operating system is running on it.

This is one of the best budget smart phones I could find for T-mobile currently.  I have a 2 year contract with T-mobile and it is not prepaid.  I had bought a used HTC G2, but it bricked after 1 year of use.  Since I purchased the HTC G2 used and it wasn't covered with warranty I was left to find a smart phone to use.  When I went to a T-mobile store, buying a smart phone from the kiosk would cost 350 and up.  The current flagship smartphone for T-Mobile is the HTC One S and has a list price of 599.  Even with the offer to split the payment over several months, the idea of spending that much for a smart phone that would be obsolete in a few years bothered me.  At almost half the price of what was being offered at T-mobile's kiosk, I found this phone.I quickly discovered there are many bargain android smart phones that are unlocked (can be used on multiple carriers).  If you are in the market to purchase a phone and already have a plan, be sure to check that the bandwidth frequencies are compatible.  Some of the 3g and 4g phones will work fine with AT&T; and not with T-Mobile (only EDGE).  I found while searching the budget android phones, screen size varies greatly.  Some of the cheaper phones around 100 seemed to have a smaller screen.  Given it is the primary input, I knew that typing text messages and emails on a tiny screen would be irritating unless it had a physical keyboard or large enough screen.The Samsung Exhibit II is now a little dated, but comes with Gingerbread and a bunch of unnecessary apps that cannot be uninstalled unless you root the phone.  Rooting the phone voids the warranty and is the only reason why I have not done so already.  The response to input on the phone is fairly snappy and runs smoothly even though the RAM is a little small.  The screen quality is surprisingly good and sharp.  Call quality is decent.  I was even able to make a video call with the phone and had no issue with it.  The battery life with this phone has been typical of android phones that I have used, lasting about a day with moderate use before needing to be recharged.  T-mobile's 4g network is very fast where I live, but is throttled after a certain amount of data has been used.  At this price range, I think it is an excellent value.The reason I have given this product an only average rating is that text messaging would not work for a week.  I went through all the typical troubleshooting methods and reset to factory default twice, contacted Samsung and T-mobile customer support to get text messages to send.  Samsung was very unhelpful and stated that issues with text messaging are an issue with the phone service provider.  T-mobile initially stated that it was Samsung's fault for not updating the drivers.  When going through the T-mobile's forums, it became clear that I am not the only one with this issue.  For a while the only way to send text messages was to disable the 4g and switch to EDGE.  This bothered me a lot as it became very annoying to switch every time I wanted to send a text message. I was originally going to return this phone, but decided to call T-mobile one more time.  The tech at T-mobile was able to fix the issue and stated that there was an error on their end and I am now able to send text messages.  I've now had this phone for over a month and have not had any other issues.On a related note, the customer service at Amazon was stellar.  I had called them stating my frustration with the product and how it was not operating as advertised.  The CSR was very friendly and answered all my questions regarding Amazon's return policy.  I am continually impressed by the competitive prices and customer service from Amazon.

I bought this phone a few months back. After rooting and tweaking the phone a bit it hums along nicely.The biggest plus of this phone is performance to price. I looked long and hard before I made my purchase, and I don't think you will find a better android phone under $200.The biggest drawback this phone has is all the bloatware installed on it. To make it trickier, the phone must be rooted to remove most of it.

Last time I came to Costa Rica I checked comments for a 3G phone that would work here.  Unfortunately the recommended phone worked in a few places using regular gms but did not work where we live.  We only have 3G here and this Samsung (sgh t679 - Samsung Exhibit II 4G - 850/900/1800/1900 MHz GSM/GPRS/EDGE frequencies, as well as T-Mobile's 3G/4G network (1700/2100 MHz; UMTS/HSDPA/HSPA+) works here at our place in Costa Rica with the Kobi chip.Only a few might be interested in this review but important for those heading this way.

It was surprise to discover that it is locked phone NOT  UNLOCKED phone as stated when I bought it. I feel that seller has cheated by stating it UNLOCK phone. Now 30 days is over, I would not be able to return back.I discover that it is Locked phone on visiting  International country, out of USA, and wanted to use local SIM card cell phone provider. On inserting it asked UNLOCK  key to enter. I entered random number to unlock the phone, it was not accepted and there is only 10 attempt to enter UNLOCK key.I called T mobile customer care and I felt that call was outsourced to Philippines.Their answer why they cannot help:Thank you for taking the time to contact T-Mobile. We have received your SIM Unlock Request. Unfortunately, we are unable to process your request at this time. The account must meet the following criteria:1. Subscriber has been active for 40 days since the device was first used on the line2. Must have $50.01 or more in accumulative refills since activation3. Must have device usage within the last 7 days by the mobile number requesting the unlock codePlease submit a new SIM Unlock Request once the subscriber has met the Eligibility criteria.I felt that customer care based in Philippines appears to be interested in finding the reason why they cannot help. It appears that they just read the script. They are good with FAQ.I think when it is pre paid phone and customer has paid full price of phone, it is right of customer to have unlock phone. If it is locked phone, customer care should be able to assist in unlocking the phone right away.I gave 2 star rating because it is LOCKED phone, not UNLOCK phone as stated when I bought it.

I bought this to replace my bricked Sidekick 4G since I still had another year on my contract.  I was worried about having to shell out another $500+ for a replacement smartphone...until I found this!  Unlike most people, I love the smaller size, even though it makes typing a bit more difficult.  It has the same speed processor, same amount of RAM, and has a newer version of Android than the old phone did... for almost 1/3 of the price!  Camera isn't quite as clear, but the Sidekick's wasn't anything to brag about either, so I never used it.  The battery life is impressive, no more needing to charge in the middle of the day.  I can almost always go about 16 hours and still have battery life left.  It has some glitches, but every Android seems to have that problem, and resetting the phone fixes the issues.  Overall, very happy with the phone, and happier with it than I was with the phone it replaced!By the way, this came with a prepaid SIM card, but if you have a contract plan with T-Mobile already, you can put your existing SIM card in and use it with no problems!

Great phone. Glad I Got it cause I didn't have a phone for like 2 or 3 weeks because my other one broke. Defiantly recommend it if you want something that looks nice, feels good and works great. I have had mine for almost a week and a half and the only thing that makes me disappointed is the pre-installed apps that you can not uninstall, also when I plugged it into my computer it took me awhile to figure out why it wasn't able to install the software for the phone, so I had to go (on the phone) into settings, then wireless and network then went down to USB utilities and had to connect the phone to the computer before I pressed &#34;turn on USB storage&#34;. so that took awhile but now everything is good. 4g is great and fast too. The processor is fairly good, nice and fast. there's only some points where it lags in and out of messaging or any other icons, but that is usually when I haven't turned off the phone for a couple days and all I do is charge it when the battery gets low. but it is nice and responsive to the movement of your fingers, the screen is very nice and responsive also and surprisingly has not scratched yet. I have had this phone in and out of my pocket so much without a screen protector and still has no scratch, it does smudge a little but not much. The screen is also a bit bigger than the iPhone (long wise). the camera and front facing camera are actually pretty decent. if you keep them smudge and scratch free they do take some good pics, the front facing cam is pretty pixelly but isn't bad when your doing a Skype or snapchat. and now for the calling, the speaker/ear piece or whatever its called is very nice and has good sound. I have not tested the speaker phone feature yet but I play music out of it sometimes and its nice clear. Basically its a great phone for people who don't want to spend a whole lot on the phone or the service and mostly uses it for texting, calling, music, web and facebook, or any social app that's about it. if you want something that you can use all for media stuff and as a phone, iPhone or galaxy would be your best choices.

I ordered this off amazon, tax free, with two day shipping. Arrived in a timely manner, but just got to activate it this morning. Activation is very simple. The kit includes a sim card, which you just insert above (and to the left) of the battery in the back. Then you will want to go to t-mobile.com/activation and follow the instructions. It comes with a random $3.34 balance.. for emergency.. instant calling or something I suppose. But following the activation, it takes you to where you can pay for your service online. You can also get those cards at the store, but honestly, it's so easy just to pay online. And then you're good to go. I chose the $30 unlim text/data + 100 min plan. You don't need to go to walmart or tmobile to get this. To my understanding, it is only available for new activations.The price and quality of the phone is all great. One problem I have with it is that... honestly... I'm not really an Android fan. I didn't think I would mind it at all but somehow it really annoys me how much bloatware it comes with. Sure, there are ways to delete it. But people on reviews made it sound 100x easier than what I had to do. I don't really consider myself technologically challenged, but it was hard to find all the steps to uninstall this crap I didn't want. You can't just go to the "APPLICATIONS" menu and drag what you don't want to the trash. Why? Everything I've tried to delete just stays there when I go back to the menu. What the hell is that function for then? Why can I not just delete the stuff I don't want? (And there are many.)I'm new to Android so rooting was a brand new concept for me. I must have downloaded 4 different apps off the Android market to no avail. I didn't understand why the hell something called "______ Uninstaller" cannot uninstall apps. After a bit of research and trying a bunch of different things, I finally figured it out.I figure I'd type it out in layman's terms for those who have trouble rooting:- Turn on USB debugger (settings>applications>development>usb debugging)- Have the right USB drivers installed ON YOUR COMPUTER (Apparently these are difficult to find. Install the samsung galaxy x drivers from softpedia instead. When I did this, it told me it wasn't installed correctly but I couldn't find a fix so I just ignored it.)- Connect your phone to the computer via usb port- Then you can download SuperOneClick on your COMPUTER. It is a computer application. Extract (it is a zip file) and run. Click on "root." (top left big button) It may take a couple minutes. It should say root complete or whatever at the end. And to confirm that it is indeed rooted, you will see a "Superuser" icon in the applications folder.- Now you can begin the uninstallation, but that is not all! You have to download some more stuff to uninstall. From the Android market, you can find some apps that will allow you to uninstall items. Android Mate was too advanced for me. You have to know exactly what files you are deleting (which is a constant annoyance.) If you delete the wrong files then your phone might not work or it will brick. Kind of terrifying, considering the price I paid. I used Titanium backup to uninstall items, but you still run the risk of deleting things you need. It is better to "freeze" the apps but that is a premium feature, which you must pay for. I also tried Root Uninstaller to no avail. It didn't show any apps besides Market and itself for some reason. I'm sure there's something out there that might be better but, so far, my experience is that these apps are not that user-friendly.Others have claimed that the process above is "easy" but it wasn't for me, apparently. Maybe some people know how to do this intuitively, I don't know. But think about it. All I wanted to do was delete pre-installed junk like internet radios and "MORE FREE APPS!@!!" apps. But it took entirely way too long. You can just press on any app in iOS until it's shaking and then press X to delete. A couple seconds, max. I don't understand why it is so hard to delete things on the Android (not even including the risk of bricking your phone at every corner.)Aside from my long rant, in the end, it is a good deal for a 4g smartphone and great rates on plans. Still, I'm not too satisfied with Android. I feel like it's one of those apple vs. windows commercials, comparing efficiency. There's a pre-installed anti-virus (free trial for 14 days, then you have to pay). Really? I never even thought that would be an issue with iOS. Obviously these are my opinions, and others will have no problems with the bloatware. I'm a bit OCD and inefficiency is such an annoyance. I just want my phone to run as efficiently and quickly as possible, not having junk on it that tries to make me install more apps or pay for premium services. Yes, the iphone costs way more, but I would still rather have it than Android. That's just me though.EDIT:After a few days of use, I'm getting used to the Android system more. I don't mind it as much, and hopefully it will hold up well. It's still a fantastic deal, and with no contracts none-the-less! In the end, the savings are fantastic. Think about the activation fees and taxes and whatnot when you have to get a phone with a contract. This phone is really a smart purchase.

Pros:1). The google map & navigation application work great.2). The phone for the most part does the things this type of phone is supposed to do except...Cons:1). The phone settings sometimes uncheck themselve (for example the auto-rotate & internet settings) and so the phone stops working the way it should.2). The calender & task application are weak - unable to set a proper alert or a pop-up reminder. So if you need those features in a phone, this one is not your best option.3). Was initially very difficult to configure my outlook email to the phone.4). Battery life very short.Opal - Stamford, CT

Works great.  Bought 1 for myself (2 months ago) and 1 for my wife (1 month ago after test driving it for a month).  Decent set of features, great screen resolution (screen size is also just right - the phone in not huge that it does not fit anywhere and not tiny like my old myTouch 3G or Dart).  Battery life is very good for a 4G phone (maybe because it's not LTE).  Using it with my old t-mobile family value plan - just put my own SIM in there and it was ready to go.  We did have to get TPU cases for them since the phone is kind of slippery as others say.  The cases though fit well and make the phones look more expensive than they are.  Why get an iPhone?

Bought this phone to avoid extending my T-Mobile contract. I still had a year remaining and wanted to upgrade to a smartphone. This is a great little phone, nice display fair battery life. Well worth the money.

I live in Washington State. And, the package started off near Nevada, then California. Someone tell me why it's in Kentucky now! Washington is on the West Coast, not the East Coast.

Very slow. crashes a lot. Exhibit II has only 512mb RAM and 1.0 GHz of processor which makes the phone very slow.You need at least 1 GB of RAM and/or 1.4 processor on a smartphone for it to be usable. this one cannot handle youtube videos, it crashes after 10 minutes of playing. if you have a mail app opened, it cannot open Skype or facebook app. you have to close all other apps and run 1 app at a time.

I've owned this phone for more than one month and in general I'm quite satisfied by its performance.Pros:1. Price. For $200 you get the experience similar with those flagships 1-year ago (Samsung GS I with a smaller screen), and more importantly, with the 2.3.5 OS.2. Rootable. It could be very easily rooted by using the same protocol for the 1st gen. Ppl really shouldn't complain about bloatware anymore but did a little research on this.3. $30 unlimited data plan. If you get covered by the T-Mobile 4G then it's a steal to get 5Gb 4G speed+free text and some free minutes (100). Time to forget about those basic smartphone plans cost $70 pre-tax elsewhere.Cons:1. CPU. Single core 1G is simply not enough to run the OS smoothly when 4-6 apps are running in the background. I have three email apps (Gmail, regular email app and Hotmail) and a newsfeed actively synchronizing in the background and the phone usually takes 0.5s to turn on the screen after pressing the power button and another 2-3s to make screens switch smoothly. One tweak is turning off the screen animation to get better response. Soft video decoding is also poor and frame-skipping happens quite often even when the bitrate is less than 500kbps.2. Battery. With 4G data and background synchronizing only (Wifi, BT, GPS all off), the battery can last about 30 hours in idle. In daily use you may have to charge it every night.Overall:Based on its performance/price, it definitely should be considered as a top prepaid phone with a perfectly matched plan.

Bought my first smart phone after reading loads of reviews and research. I had few basic requirements 1) did not want to get into the contract 2) wanted to spend low recurring amount 2) wanted a smart phone with camera,browsing capability, navigation and off-coerce, cheap calls.ROM:------Please note that this phone has 350MB RAM which will not be good enough to run your phone superfast. moreover, by default, you will get loads of apps from tmobile/samsung which you will hardly use. most of these default apps will eat your battery and slow your phone (as the services runs in the background, also try to auto update the apps). You CAN NOT un-install these apps the way you will be able to do with any other app that YOU download from market.To get rid of this, custom ROM is the best option, which will remove all this junk, also optimize the memory and apps. you need to root your phone to install custom ROM which might void your warranty(actually there is a way to unroot your phone as well ), but i dont care for the warranty.rooting the phone is not rocket science; any non technical person can do this, but you need to read and read and read and once you are sure, go for it.you can find all the details about rooting and custom ROM here - just google "samsung exhibit ii 4g all things root"after installing almost all the custom ROMs one by one, finally I am settled down on RebelROM 3.09 which I feel is the combination of performance and nice user interface.CALLING:--------To reduce the monthly calling bill(I hv tmobile 100 min unlimited data plan) I installed CSipsimple(available in market for free) and signed up with Callcentric (you can start with as low as $5)configuring callcentric with CSipSimple was super easy. CallCentric also offers you number for free(if you decline 911 service otherwise you need to pay $1.5 a month 911 fees).Also signed up google voice, and setup my callcentric number in google voice as forwarding number. I have given my google number to all my contacts, so when someone calls my google number, my callcentric number rings, which is also configured in CSipSimple APP that is running on my phone - which rings my phone.CallCentric has another feature which is very useful. when you are not in the 3G/4G coverage and the app on your phone looses contact with callcentric website, you can forward calls on your regular tmobile number so you wont miss any calls!I have also signed up on Rebtel ( they have a free app on the market) which gives me very good domestic and international calling rates. I mostly use rebtel to make outgoing calls when I am connected to the wifi because rebtel offers very good voice quality over wifi as compared to GrooveIP+GoogleVoice( tried this as well but not very happy with the voice quality)Also Rebtel tells you the call charger up-front before you make any outgoing call - eg. when i select any US number to make outgoing call, I am aware that i will be charged 1.2 cents/min and so for the international calls.Few more things:1)Over 3G/4G CSIPsimple- CallCentric works well compared to any other setup; make sure you change the settings in CSIPSimple and force it to use low bandwidth CODECs like G729 only(de-select rest of the codecs)2)Google voice APP is good to send unlimited free text msg(domestic)3)when you are moving, no setup/app might help you for 3G/4G calling. so be patient and do not blame the phone! - as I said before, you can simply disconnect your data/wifi whenever you want and all the calls will be forwarded to your regular tmobile number(will cost you minute)4) you can even setup your google voice number with CSIPSimple. search "pbxes google voice"but this setup will do no good compared to grooveIP/GV setup.5)I have tried talkatone,SIPDroid and few more apps but didnt find them as useful as CSIPSimple.6)GrooveIP works OK on WiFi but is worst on 3G/4G. though i have purchased the $5 app from market, I hardly use it - main reason is you can not configure Codecs in grooveIP(by default it uses  G.711 as google voice only supports this codecs)I wl be happy to answer any queries!!

189. was a good price and this Samsung Exhibit II 4G delivers !I use it 98% of time as a wi-fi device.I have rooted it and installed many apps --- it is nice.Only wish might be a little less height to fit better in my pocket.bill in Boston

Phone came with a charger that was sealed in plastic - it was broken, missing a piece. could not be used safely.  Had to go and purchase an additional charger.  quite disappointing.  The phone was as expected though for which I am grateful.  Thank you.

The phone is great. I love it except it does not have the same feature of my old phone did like the different call log. It does not have out going, missed, and incoming call, they are all in one call log. Besides that the phone is great and fast. It is great to invest your money in, and it cost less than what T-mobile store is offering. Yes, I would recomend this phone to anyone who is intrested in.

But I cannot seem to turn off as many functions as I would like to. Uses battery power like crazy. Might get 24 hrs of standby at best. Seems I cannot turn off enough  background functions to make any difference.

Well, as stated by others, this is not a top tier phone. It gets 'wonky' when you have a lot of apps installed, especially if the apps have notification features activating frequently. It's a starter phone, and the pricing relfects it. It's a good phone for making and receiving phone calls, texting, not so much for interactive data services. One thing I have found great about this phone is if you are interested in great quality music, try downloading the 'Poweramp' application at your app store. For a pittance, it turns the ho hum audio into a high end audiophile machine. I broke my old (4 month old) Exhibit from T Mobile, simply removed the SIM card, flash card, and kablamo, I was back in business. Now as to T Mobile itself, well, it's a 'starter' network. If you need business/ enterprise class calling/data service, try another network. This is a 'weekender' product and package.

Got this phone for wife who never owned a smartphone. We were blown away by the amount of features it packed and the smoothness of how it operates. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a inexpensive smartphone to start out with. Price was just right.

This phone is great, the screen is big enough and looks really good. The phone feels good in hands, and Android is obviously amazing! I greatly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new phone.

This Phone is absolutely AWESOME for the price. It has good specs and everything is great. Although the camera is only 3 MP, the quality is actually very nice indoors. I reccomend you get this phone if you're on a budget. It is lightweight and pocket-friendly but not too small. The reason it is 4 stars and not 5 is because the phone lags and at some times becomes totally unresponsive for like 5 mins. This only happens when you have alot of apps open at the same time. But for $200 not bad at all. IF YOU'RE IN CANADA THIS PHONE WORKS ON WIND, MOBILICITY AND VIDEOTRON.

I got this phone about three weeks ago to replace my LG Optimus T. I liked the Optimus T, but felt it was a little laggy when running apps and the screen was smaller than I really wanted. This phone initially seemed perfect: bigger screen, bigger memory, better camera. All of that is true and I really enjoy all of those aspects of the phone.My biggest complaint is the text messaging. The phone, out of box, has some pretty bad texting problems that can be found across the t-mobile board (wish I had seen those earlier!). Messages fail constantly; some messages that fail have more than 160 characters, other are short messages. It took me five minutes to get an "Ok!" sent to one of my employees. If this problem didn't exist, this phone would be a 4-star for me, but both Samsung and T-Mobile support don't seem to want to do anything about this problem.

I reviewed this phone several times before purchasing and I already knew Samsungs reputation on stellar cell phones yet was still was sketical on a prepaid phone. Wow! was I wrong! This phone does all that my contract phone does and a bit more for lower the price. (I purchased this phone for my wife by the way)With the right plan you get 4G speeds,depending your area and all that android has to offer.I highly recommend this phone for anyone looking to ditch contract prices.I'm about to purchased,if not this phone but another prepaid for my son.Kuddos out to Samsung though.

I'm pretty satisfied with the performance of the phone. It has some minor bugs and it's locked, but I would recommend it.

I am not a smart phone person because they are so expensive.  However, I think it is worth the money.

Sometimes it takes 10 sec to bring up the application. Imagine trying to call emergency while you are having a heart attack. Google map sometimes takes forever to update too, when it doesn't crash. It just is not usable, period.Update: I moved on to Nexus 4 for almost the same price. I can't believe how I put up with this crap for over a year. Do yourself a favor, get a Nexus for extra $100 or so and save yourself time and endless annoyance.

I bought this prepaid phone last January 2012, the battery is not charing any more.  I would not recommend this phone.

THE PHONE WAS OKAY BUT I ASK FOR A NEW PHONE NOT USE. SOMEONE INFORMATION WAS PROGRAM IN PHONE.  TRY DELETING SEVERAL TIME COULD NOT.

Did not want to pay big $$$ for my wife's phone, so I got the Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G . Very SOLID. No issues. I would recommend it to those who do not want to pay $600 for a new phone.

Bought this for my wife, so I'm not 100% sure on how it is performing.  She hasn't complained about it, so it must be getting the job done.  It was a good buy at the price, and transferring her old number over to the new phone was fairly easy.  I was able to complete the job over the phone with our local TMobile store.  She was on a pay-as-you-go plan, which did not have any data on it.  We were able to get the &#34;WalMart only&#34; $30-a-month unlimited data and text w/ 100 minutes talk just by asking the rep for it on the phone.

I bought this phone after reading so many good reviews. Unfortunately the one I received did not live up to those good reviews. So here is how it went for me:1. The plastic packaging on the phone was partly cut open when I received it. Since the phone looked brand new, I didn't think it was a problem and just went ahead and used it (opened the cardboard box). I never cut into any plastic to open it. Nothing else in the package was opened or touched as far as I could tell.2. The phone is not able to code it's own number into the SIM. So when you go to the phone status and check your own number, it simple says "Unknown". After spending hours searching for a solution on my own, contacting t-mobile support through chat and phone as well as going to a t-mobile store, the issue was never resolved. Their "solutions" ranged from wait and see to "it can't be done" and often contradicted each other as well. This seems to be a common issue with many t-mobile phones and the solutions "vary", none of which worked for me. Anyone can search the t-mobile support forum and I suggest doing that before buying a phone.3. The phone froze a few times. Initially I could hold the power button down to get it to reboot, but later only removing the battery would solve the problem. That's just unacceptable. T-mobile knows of this problem as well: [..]They blame 3rd party apps and lack of phone maintenance (rebooting). Well, I never installed any apps and I rebooted the phone far more often than I would have liked (several times a day to try and solve the above problem). It is loaded with bloatware, far far more than my Gio and my guess would be that is the reason for freeze-ups.4. The battery seems to drain very quickly and not unless I put it into constant power saving mode could it last a whole day. The first day I had it, I had to charge it 3x to keep it going after charging it fully to start with. I never even used up the entire $3.34 that is given as a starter credit, so making a ton of calls is not what used up the battery.I have a Samsung Gio that has never frozen up and the battery lasts for a couple of days even before needed a recharge. I put the t-mobile SIM it in and it could not code the number into it either. It has in the past coded numbers into other SIMs so I know it is capable of it. When I told t-mobile support this, he they told me that the Gio is not capable to code SIMs. I told him it can and does other ones just fine. He just went silent. I think T-Mobile's SIM is either defective or their methodology for over the air updates has some issues.I've returned the Exhibit II and will not buy another one. While the T-mobile staff are friendly and willing to help (almost all), it was mostly just a waste of my time. Good luck to anyone taking a gamble on it.

Ordering was easy and phone arrived in very timely manner.  Best price. As a senior, I find this phone easy to use. I am thrilled with it and recommend it.

I am absolutely loving this phone. I finally upgraded from my Motorola Cliq. I bought this phone because I don't believe in getting stuck in contracts for a phone. Goes against everything I stand for lol. But there are so many pre-installed apps it is a little irritating at first, but if you are computer savvy you can root it with no problems (JUST GOOGLE...the zerg method so far has been the most reliable...I haven't heard of any bricking) then you will have a powerful little machine on your hands. Its gorgeous to me. Very lightweight. There are lots of cases available for it to be customized how you want. I was stuck between this one and another phone but the availability of accessories really helped me lean towards this one. (I am a girl it still has to look good lol.) My boyfriend has the Samsung Galaxy S2 and for the most part they can do the same things. Don't get me wrong his is visually sexier with its gigantic screen and resolution, but functionally its more like its little cousin lol.

I shan't go into all the features, other reviews have them covered.You heard about the tracking hack that Google pulled?  Since this needs Google, you should carefully consider how much you value your privacy before you buy.OK. Let me set the context.  Albert Einstein was still alive and kicking when I was born.  I do not have the best eye sight, hand-eye coordination is ok, as is hearing, hands a bit on the larger side and not as steady as they were 20 years ago.Use mostly for data, have had the phone for 2 months and not used 100 voice minutes total.The GoodNice screen. I was concerned that I'd have trouble typing but in landscape mode, which you just shake to get to, the keys are big enough.  THe GPS feature works well for me and I've so far had great coverage and no lost calls.  The menu is fairly intuitive, and with a bit of exploration is ok.The BadThey load it up with lots of rubbish apps.  T-Mobile Market place and Voice Messaging are two (there was another I don't recall).  All useless and I've been bothered having to update them both for no purpose.  When I say useless, the Market had nothing of interest to me in it and the Voice thing wouldn't launch.Th battery life is about a day.  Ths thing sucks power like an Abrams M1 sucks JP8.  A bit longer with all power saving on, but not much.The screen goes dark 2 - 5 seconds after you dial.  Thats a real problem if you call a answering system.  Hard to "press 3 for customer service" if there is no visible 3 on the screen.  This is a real bad bug.  I am constantly having to push a button to "wake up" the screen. Of course, doing that puts me back to the main screen and I may or may not have lost the call. So, in terms of useability, this goes dim/goes dark bug (which you can not prevent from happening - I called about it) means I can not recommend this phone.I turned off auto sync (to save battery) and to my chagrin learned that unless its on, your g-mail inbox doesn't check for new mail.  Nowhere did I see that warning, nor did it ask me "do you want to check for new e-mail now?".  Reminds me of software from 1998!!!There is this blank screen (screen saver?) that covers the icons after a couple of seconds too.  So once the screen goes dark, pushing the on button doesn't even return you to where you were before it decided 3 seconds is long enough for you to be inactive.The swiping needs work too.  Sometimes response is slow; as in you push a button or swipe (to scroll) and nothing happens for several seconds.  If you don't wait (and forget about aubible feedback!) you can scroll right past where you want to go.The screen edges are less sensitive and I often have to repeatedly swipe or press to get any response. While in other cases I swipe but the phone interprets it as me clicking on a icon and up pops some app or another.  Not cool.  Its almost like they haven't learned anything about user interfacing from the Macs and PC business.Two other things and I'm done.The off button is on the opposite edge from the sound volume rocker.  This extremely poor design means if you hold it in one hand and push/squeeze it off chances are you also changed the ring volume.  really poor design.Finally, I've tried four 3.5 mm headphone sets (wired) and none work with this. There are no impedance specifications listed, nor was customer service able to help.  Its ridiculous.  SO either I need to get a more modern pair of ear phones or the unit is defective.  But come on! no impedance data for the headphone jack?!?!BTW best work-around for the screen going dark when you need access to the keypad is to set the phone on "speaker" phone.  The Samsung forum is much more useful than Technical service = non responsive.To sum up: I don't have any other smart phone to compare this with but I hear power is a problem on many of them.  The GUI (user interface) is slick but crippled: I have no doubt that in a couple of years the phones will work like you excpect a phone to work, without roadblocks and frustrations.  I blame the newness of the technology rather than Samsung &/or Android.  I am itching to try an iPhone though...its hard to believe they are all this bad...who knows.

This phone is very SLOW, even this phone has 1 GHz processor.Freez all the time. Fail sending text all the time and have re-start phone.I regret I got this phone....

Really like the phone, easy to handled once I learn all the gadgets. Love it. Will recommend it to others.

I really like this product! the price in amazon is much chpear than in T-mobile store! perfect price and excellent item. I recieved my package today and I am so excited and satisfiedI :)

Pros: non-contract, great performance for price, good size, light weight, front+rear camera, LED flash, EASY TO ROOTCons: loaded with bloat software from T-Mobile, back is slippery, power button is hard to find and press, custom ROMs are not fully developed (as of Jan 2012, see update)As far as non-contract phones go, this phone has the most power per dollar of any Android phone I've seen.  After rooting and removing bloat, it's pretty snappy, but I do experience some lag at times, especially when unlocking the screen.  Other than that, it's everything I wanted in a non-contract Android phone for a great price.UPDATE after 6 months:  Still a great phone.  Custom ROM development has come a long way, as other reviews have mentioned.  With a custom ROM it's even faster, but it still lags when unlocking, about a full second from the time you press 'power' to the time the screen lights up, but once it lights up, it's good to go.  A basic case solved the problem of the slippery back.  I also got an unlock code from T-Mobile, and it's working fine in the country I'm living in now.

Used this phone for a couple of months. Comparing with my old Samsung SGH 900, here are my general impressions/experience1. Android 2.3 is certainly a lot more user friendly than dodgy win 6.52. The device does not have enough hardware, however. Camera resolution is too small -- making indoor pictures highly pixeled.3. Touch-responses are too sluggish. Delays are annoying. If you used any device like iProducts, the sluggish responses are unbearable.4. The phone required frequent reboots.  Sometimes the phone gets persistent vibrations, and I need to open the back cover to take out the battery to reboot it.5. One time, and only one time, I left the phone unbooted for a week. I began to tell myself that the phone finally became more stable. However, the next day I received an alert from T-mobile saying the phone requires frequent rebooting to get better performance.6. RAM is not enough for this phone. RAM is always running low with ~70MB free.7. There is not word as to when OS can be upgraded to android 4.0.xIn summary, this phone is not worth the money given the sluggish/unresponsive, outdated Android OS, and frequent-rebooting user experience.I wish to have spent money on a quad-core, or at least a dual-core smartphone, which would give much better user experience.

Bought this phone three months ago, been nothing but a headache... Randomly vibrates until rebooted. Doesn't always let you type when texting, have to go in and out of messaging several times to get it to work, and then have to go into another app to get it typing again. Does almost the same thing with calling.  Has to be my worst experience with a phone in 17 years.  Soooo glad to getting rid of it!!!

My teenage daughter had just received this phone for her birthday in march and recently lost it. This is exact phone. good I originally purchased Good phone does everything a smartphone should .

The only thing this phone has is durability. Other then that it is horrid. The phone is very slow. It freezes all the time. And I mean all the time. You wanna make a call? Make sure you have five minutes. More times than not this phone is slow to respond to any command. Once you can make a call you will wanna punch somebody. Sometime I honestly wonder what do I do if I need to dial 911? The other great treat is the hit detection. It so bad i avoid sending texts. Really the phone is so bad if I'm within wifi I use my ipod. Thank The Lord I will be upgrading to the 5s soon. Bottom line is if you're buying a smart phone. Do not get low end models!

It is all I need.  I have my prepaid account.  I don't paid any monthly fees.  This is also a mini computer that is very capable.  Sometimes it runs faster than my laptop. Checking the email is faster than using any other decice. Of course I can connect to internet using a WiFi, but I am not an internet addicted or a Facebook addicted so it is perfect for me.

Samsung/T-Mobile have upgraded the Android OS for this phone and it is now capable of sending SMS with more than 160 charactors.  Phone works as it should now.This is a fully fuctional 4G Android Smartphone for a fraction of the price of the bigger, heavier and trendier phones.  Why spend $400-$700 for the latest phone when fuctionally there is very little difference?  (This review is aimed at customers on T-Mobile's Value plans, where you buy your cell phone separately from your contract.  The T-mobile Value Plans are nearly half the monthly cost of comparable ATT and Verizon plans when you add unlimited data, unlimited texts and unlimited calls.)

The product was everything as advertised and then some. Came with every item listed. Also came with earbuds that I assume were extra, but they were very poor quality and unusable out of the box (scratchy noises when used). Because they were extra I did not ding the rating as everything else out of the box was great.

The phone came with a problem, i don't like This phone, nothing work proporly, i didnt like This phone, everyghing is bad with it

Specs:OS: Android 2.3 (Will NOT be upgradable to Android 4.0/4.1, unless you ROOT the phone).Processor: 1 GHz single core.Camera: 3-MPNetwork: Does NOT support LTE (It has support for 4G HSPA+ though).Battery: 1500mAhInternal memory (RAM): 512MB.If you are planning to install lots of games/apps, this phone is NOT for you. After installing few applications, it runs pretty slow. It has only 512MB RAM, which is not sufficient for today's applications. Battery is also 1500mAh, which is on lower end.

I own 2 of these, one is international version that I used during travels and another is T-Mobile's.T-Mobile's came with Android 2.3.5 and international one with 2.3.6, I liked 2.3.6 more, less glitchesand runs smoother,also battery efficient. Anyway,T-mobile applies a software update pretty right awayand now both run the same version. International has faster cpu (1.5Ghz) vs T-Mobile's 1Ghz, thoughhonestly I don't feel difference. I don't run games and use the usual set of applications - Google'sGmail,Maps,Talk, Facebook's client and messenger, Skype (which is not officially supported on SamsungExhibit / Wonder but works great) and few other social networking / informational apps. T-Mobile activationwas a blaze.What I like: screen is nice except in sunny places, surprisingly clear for TFT however my eyes like AMOLEDmore. Size is great if you can live with smaller screen. CPU speed is superb for both 1Ghz and 1.5Ghz. Battery lifeis fantastic.What I don't like: TFT screen,don't see anything in particular conditions (direct sun etc). Small size means lesscomfortable keyboard.Overall very nice smartphone for its price if you're ready to give up on screen size and quality.

I've had this phone for a little over a month now and I LOVE it! I was going to buy a factory unlocked iphone at 600+ dollars until I saw this phone...it's super fast and I havn't had any problems with it thus far. The wi-fi hotspot ability is super convenient and the T-mobile unlimited monthly 4g plan is great. Overall a great buy =)

We payed only half as much as we would have if we got it from Tmobile. It is a great smartphone. Not a super high end fancy phone but it gets the job done, in style!

Bought for a family member. Very nice android phone with lots of features and pre-installed aps. Notifications a re a little buggy but overall satisfied.

i really like it and it was a nice sturdy package when i got it.the phone can freeze up sometimes which is annoying but i just got it like 2 weeks ago and it hardly freezes.it does not feel cheap one bit it feels like glass and steel. so yah it a cool phone.

I am using it with T-mobile monthly4G $30 for 100 min and unlimited (5GB) data. My wife has Virgin mobile LG Optimus V with $35 or $25 (price increased last year, but previous subscribers still pay $25) / month no contract for 300 min and unlimited (2GB) 3G data.Pros.1) Hardware faster and better compared with LG Optimus V2) 4G is faster than 3GCons.1) It is T-mobile! Monthly4G $30 for 100 min and unlimited (5GB) data plan is offered at WalMart or online only, T-Mobile web-site is glitchy. I could not complete activation online, by phone T-Mobile will try to rip you off $50 a month. T-mobile promised to change the plan in 10 min, but I had to call them several times.2) It is T-mobile! Samsung Exhibit II 4g specs has FM radio hardware built-in, but FM radio is removed from t-mobile version by t-mobile request in order to suck your 4G data limit.3) It is T-mobile! It has preinstalled Carrier IQ, which is keystroke logging and location tracking software, which can intercept text messages. Even information that should be transferred only within encrypted sessions is captured in plain text by Carrier IQ. Worse Carrier IQ is integrated with task manager and cannot be easily uninstalled (I have not found uninstallation way yet).4) It is T-mobile! Besides Carrier IQ phone has a lot of preinstalled crapware. LG Optimus V from Virgin Mobile is practically clean compared with Samsung Exhibit II 4G.5) It is T-mobile! Phone has calling over IP using your wi-fi network, but T-mobile will rip off your monthly minutes or charge you 10 cents a minute over 100 minutes for using call over your wi-fi. To avoid it you need to use Skype or Google talk (GrooVe IP) over wi-fi or 4G. 5GB limit is sufficient, but you need to spend your time again to configure GrooVe IP.Bottom line.Phone is good, but avoid T-mobile and Samsung (Samsung preinstalled Carrier IQ on many phones), I suggest to chose Virgin Mobile and LG unless you really need 4G speed and do not care about your privacy. They have LG Optimus V really cheap. Alternatively you can invest your time and install custom firmware for this phone, but this is a new model, and there is not so much choice available yet (unlike Galaxy S or LG Optimus V). There is no cyanogenMod for this phone yet. Probably better to wait a half year before dealing with this phone unless you are going to contribute into custom mode developing yourself (see discussing below).Update:Installed Titanium backup (backup system), RebelROM (custom firmware), GrooVe IP (free calling using google voice works fine over wi-fi and 4g), juice defender (save your precious bodily fluids, battery power). Never automatic update phones with custom ROM, no factory restore... Everything clean and working, but too much work required. Cleaning other Android phones, including Samsung Galaxy S and LG Optimus, is much simpler and faster.  One star for wasting my time, five star for the phone potential with future better custom ROM (waiting for cyanogen mode).

Totaly bad phone .the phone was already bad ,moisture infected.now out off use. is there any way to change/ please let me know.

Started with a straight talk phone that advertised nation wide calling. Well if you dont live in a big city you will have no servie at all as i found out. After researching what little info there was, i discovered they use sprint towers BUT only certain types of them not all of sprints! Got a refund on their phone but wasted $45 on their card. The search was on for a android phone that would work everywhere.The T-mobile deal was to good to be true $30 for unlimited text and internet service and 100 minutes of talk time. Now heres the killer deal, it has something called wifi calling. Go almost anywhere nowdays and you will find public internet. Just connect to it and make FREE calls that do NOT count off your 100 minute talk time.TIP: Get a $30 card before you activate phone and do it through the phone. If you call customer service for activation they will tell you you can only do the unlimited everything $50 plan. Also if you ever upgrade to the higher plan, you can not go back  to the $30. I would try the $30 and use the wifi calling as much as possible for a month or 2 and see if it will work for you.It looks like i will use less than 30minutes of talk time per month so far. You can not beat this deal anywhere. The phone has everything the pricer androids  have and it has as good coverage as anyone elses plan has in my area (rural NC) so far very happy with phone and service!

Very happy with everything on this phone. For the price you can't beat it. Lots of apps if you are into that.

I purchased this phone thinking I was getting a good deal because the reviews NOOOOO just run now. I had problems with this phone from day one. It's extremely SLOW, might as well use your house phone because this is trash.

I initially bought this to try out Android phones as i was waiting for the Iphone 5 to be released. WOOW is all i have to say. For the price (less than half of the Iphone) i would say that i would not be buying the Iphone 5 when it comes out. This phone has a lot of built in features that i use the most in my last iphone. Tethering, navigation, web browsing, maps, and something more like traffic app. Great little phone for the price. The only complain is the battery which definitely does not last long. Especially when you are using the navigation, which is not much of a problem if you have a car charger. Overall a great Iphone replacement for me.

im loving my new phone works great with my jobthe camera is coolspeaker you can really hear its loud

Some people are reviewing the plans and services here, but I want to offer a review of the phone itself from a newbie's perspective--not so much a review of its bells and whistles, but rather its basic functionality.  I've owned two cell phones in the past, a chunky Motorola MicroTac analog and a Motorola Razr flip-phone... both basic phones.  So how does this smartphone newbie rate the Samsung Exhibit II 4G?Graphic Interface ***** Stunning. I looked at some of my own autumn scenery photography on this phone and was blown away by the detail and rich colors. It's like looking at a hi-def TV. Pictures and text are very crisp.Navigation ***** Excellent. If this is your first smartphone, it won't take you too long to figure out how to get around with the menus. Navigation is very fast and intuitive... either touch, touch and hold, or touch and slide.Ergonomics *** This is where basic phones have a distinct advantage over smartphones.  Both my older Motorola phones could easily be manipulated with one hand. The Samsung Exhibit really can't, which makes it very awkward to make or receive calls while driving. Navigating your phone's contacts, dialing numbers, and answering your phone with one hand is extremely difficult even if you have long, dextrous thumbs.Voice Clarity ** Unfortunately, not good.  People can sound somewhat unrecognizable as if they have a bad head cold and are talking through a sock.  The earpiece quality of this phone does not even compare to either of my older Motorola phones'. (Do not trust the voice quality ratings on T-Mobile's website!  I simply cannot believe anyone could rate the voice quality that high unless their previous phone was two paper cups connected by a length of string.) However, according the people I've asked, outgoing voice quality is apparently excellent.Voice Volume ** Could be significantly louder, especially to compensate for the poor audio quality.  I'll have the volume up all the way to talk in a completely quiet environment, and it's fine. But if I am in a noisy environment such as a bustling restaurant or moving car, the muddy sound quality mixed with insufficient volume makes for extremely difficult if not impossible hearing. In fact, if I'm driving in my car and someone calls, I don't answer the phone because I'll have too difficult of a time understanding the caller.  My old Motorola Razr flip phone's volume was nearly twice as loud as the Samsung Exhibit's.Texting ***** Anything is better than texting on a basic phone, so possibly for that reason, I had no problems adapting to texting on a touch screen. The virtual keyboard is quite small when holding the phone vertically, but flip the phone horizontal, the keyboard just about doubles in size. This helps considerably and makes texting a breeze. I absolutely love it. The phone has keystroke swipe technology, too, but I found regular texting to be faster.Bloatware * Having come from a basic phone background, I browsed through all of the apps and found almost all of them to be useless to me. I'm not going to use my phone for watching TV, reading books, scheduling appointments, geocaching, video conferencing, etc.  In fact, I have just one home screen with six apps on it, because that's all I need.  There is a handy widget on this phone that tells you how many apps are running.  You can see those apps at a glance and shut them down as needed to conserve memory.  Unfortunately, over a dozen apps will continue to run silently in the background and eat up 80% your RAM, and the only way to delete them is through "rooting" the phone, and that's something I don't even want to bother with.Camera: ***** Again, having come from a basic phone background, I found this phone's camera to have more than enough bells and whistles.  It's not a Nikon or Canon, so I wouldn't rely on it to take photos suitable for framing, but it captures moments very well.  Outdoor photos in daylight are quite good.  Indoor photos are acceptable.  The tiny LED it uses to illuminate the subject is surprisingly bright.Picture Viewer *** The installed viewer for photos displays photos just fine, and the album selector works very well.  The one major disappointment, however, is that you cannot edit photo albums on the phone itself.  The only way to categorize and manipulate photos and albums is on your computer via USB.  This requires some experience with creating folders and moving/copying files, and may be over the heads of some novice computer users.  But, if you know how to use your computer's file explorer, creating photo albums on your phone is easy.  With your phone connected via USB, create a folder anywhere on your phone and move/copy pictures to it.  The phone will automatically find the photos and create an album with the same name as the folder.Music Player **** The installed MP3 player is not the most intuitive to use, but rather easy once you figure it out.  To add music to your phone, connect it to your computer via USB.  Create a folder anywhere on your phone and copy your music to it.  Your phone will automatically find the MP3 files and add them to its master playlist.  To create new a playlist, touch and hold any song, select "Add To Playlist" then select "Create New Playlist".  A slight problem with the music player is that with louder MP3 files, it might compress (squash) the dynamics, causing the music to "pump" like an FM radio station.  This is not something that the average person might hear, but a discerning listener would.Wi-Fi ***** I do not have a data plan with my phone [I know what you're thinking--why on earth did this guy buy a smartphone?] but I occasionally access the internet via Wi-Fi. With this phone, I have no problems connecting with and using the web.  Web pages and text are small, but you can easily zoom in as needed.  The resolution of the display is so fine, if you have good eyesight, you can literally read most full-size web pages without having to zoom.  It's not practical to browse the web on your phone that way, but it shows just how detailed the screen display is.Battery **** My phone spends most of its time on standby, and that seems to go easy on the battery. If you're a casual phone user like me, you probably won't have any issues with battery life, and will charge your battery every few days. If you use the phone a lot for internet, the battery will drain significantly faster, and you will need to charge it nightly.  Either way, I recommend buying a phone charger for your vehicle so that you can charge and use the phone wherever you go.Glitches/Problems ** There are a few problems I've discovered with this phone, and they mostly revolve around touch sensitivity.  Far too often, an icon does not react when touched.1. When you're responding to a text, the keyboard doesn't always want to pop up right away. Sometimes you have to touch the message reply box ten times or more before the keyboard pops up.2. When you enter a phone number, you may need to press the green call icon multiple times before the phone finally places the call.3. If you accidentally enter a wrong numeral when entering a phone number, you may have to touch the backspace key several times before it responds and deletes the wrong numeral.4. If you happen to touch the upper edge of the screen when handling your phone, the display will sometimes suddenly set itself to the darkest setting.  There is hidden display brightness slide control at the top of the screen that you have to be careful of.5. In addition to a full Qwerty keyboard, the text messaging app also has a shift button that allows you to access three pages of characters: standard punctuation, more obscure characters, and smileys.  A minor inconvenience is that the shift button does not always default to the standard punctuation page.  For fast texting, it should.6. When selecting wallpaper, there is no option to select "none". So if you want a plain screen, you'll literally need to go into a graphics program, create a blank/solid 480x800 image on your computer, and transfer it to your phone.7. Installed Apps: If you create an event on the calendar, there's no apparent way to edit/delete the event. Also, some apps require you to sign up with Google, and you can't back out of the signup screen; you must press the Home key instead. Google Maps completely froze my phone the other night, and removing the battery was the only way I could turn the phone off.8. The power/standby button is located directly across from the volume buttons, so now and then, you will accidentally adjust the phone's ringer volume when putting your phone on standby or hanging up.In summary, where this smartphone excels with "smart", it falls short with "phone".  Once the "cool factor" wears off, you'll realize this phone is rife with shortcomings in the quality department.  I dropped my land line earlier this year due to a dispute with AT&T;, but, because the voice quality on this phone (and all smartphones in general) is so shoddy, I revived my old Motorola Razr V3 and bought a second mobile phone plan.  I use the Samsung strictly for texting and Wi-Fi, and the Razr for voice calls.I am an audio engineer by trade, so I may be more critical of audio quality than others.  However, I can assure you that if you need a phone that is loud and clear, this is definitely not the phone for you.

I purchased this Samsung Exhibit II smartphone.  I bought it based in some part on the 14 reviews I read here at amazon (all but one of them remarkably positive) and on other research I did.  It is, so far, a terrific smartphone.  It is only my first but I was able to overcome the normal "stupid phone to smart phone" learning curve within a short period of time, download apps and use a fair amount of the other features available on this phone that is an excellent value for the price.  I also have plenty of ram available, the battery lasts longer than I ever exp ected between charges after I took the normal battery saving steps recommended on the phone itself, doesn't feel slippery at all and frankly, the fact that I have to turn it back on using the power button isn't worth complaining about at all.  It did beep once during the two days I have had it but that is another thing not worth kvetching about in my opinionI should have bought a smart phone a while ago but I am very happy that I bought this one now.Update --- have had this phone for about two weeks now and I'm still as happy about buying it as I was when I wrote this review. Apparently, not many people shied away based on A Customers lone one star review since Amazon is now reporting that they are sold out of the itemFurther update -- two months down the road and still A GREAT PHONE..... everything just keeps working fine with NO problems and I have now reached the "How did I ever live without a smart phone" stage of life....5 month update --great phone, absolutely a great bargain at it's price point.  Glad I finally crossed the line from stupid phones to a very smart phone like this one.

Nothing is perfect...The phone plan is great at 30 bucks a month through a SIM from t-mobile or Walmart  You do have to get a completely new number...  I was loving it but the phone does crash quite a bit for me with certain apps... and then 9.5 months later the phone can only be charged with a USB cable connected to the PC or Car!  It doesn't recognize the wall charger is plugged in!  This is even after a new wall charger and battery!  Samsung support is no help!  My husband and mother in law bought these phones in recent months and so far they haven't had any issues but they don't use them as much as I do!

Do not buy this phone if you text much, want a long battery life or want to view your phone in bright daylight.  At least 20% of the time messages will fail to send. Battery life is about a day. There are loads of applications that cannot be removed and take up much of the memory. It also needs to be rebooted periodically by taking the battery out as it locks up every week or so.  It is a phone that was designed and put together quickly.

I am writing this review on my "new" hand me down HTC One, which I thankfully swapped for my Exhibit today.The Exhibit is just plain sub par in every way that matters, but it is the slowness that had me ready to tear my hair out.  The battery drain is also absurd.1. Running apps - You can download apps of course, but everything seems to bog down the system to the extent that I found myself constantly deleting things.2. Making calls - It does, in fact, make calls. Bravo phone.3. Texting - I'm a girl with girl sized hands, but I struggled for a year with the miniscule keypad.4. Internet searching - Again, painful. Pages take forever and a day to load if they load at all and good luck navigating the miniscule screen.5. Size - Yes, I knew the size of the phone going in, but you should probably think long and hard about buying a phone that is even smaller than an iphone.6. Battery - I have never known a phone to die so quickly.  I would literally charge it overnight, fiddle with it on the train ride to work, and it would be near death by the time I got to the office.  I know those aren't exact times, but I think you get the picture right?Overall, this is a pretty terrible phone. You are a good person. You deserve better.

Can't believe how slow this phone is?!  It keeps freezing...like wtf...For a smartphone it's pretty dumb. It really slow with loading apps and it takes me so long just to get to my contacts and make a decent call....now I have to get a new phone cuz it really starting to piss me off -__-

I've had this phone about a month, now. All the other reviews are spot on as far as specs go. I really don't have much to add, except that this phone is just bogged down with bloatware like crazy (the only reason I rated it 4 stars). So very tempted to root this phone.For those of you who are frustrated with this phone, give it a few weeks for the system to learn your habits. The first few days I had this phone, I was a little frustrated that the battery life sucked and it had various lagging issues. But as time went on, it got better with how it ran and the battery life improved quite a bit. It would be even BETTER once rooted.So the only downfall to this phone is its bloatware. It's not right to have admin rights restricted to the point where the user cannot get rid of what's lagging the phone. The manufacturers make these phones with certain specs- specs which are minimized due to the bloatware installed on these phones that make them perform at a subpar level.I only hesitate rooting because of warranty reasons. Murphy's Law, you know?But that's probably my only gripe about this phone. It causes it to lag and I'm oh so close to rooting it.Other than that, the pricing was great and to have a phone with Android interface? Awesome. I love that I can sync it to my tablet and my calendars can be updated with all my various scheduling things, regardless of where I edit it (phone or tablet). It's nice to finally have the apps that I had on my tablet, on my phone, which is on the go with me more often. Navigation, email, social networking, etc. All those fun bells and whistles that come with a smart phone. I also love having the capability to turn on wifi, which helps reserve 4G data so I don't go over the 2gb cap that I have.To top it off, I bought this phone in order to get a Value Plan at T-Mobile (inexpensive plans, but you have to buy your own phone). If you're wondering if that's doable, it IS. Less than 60 a month and I get all the services needed for a smart phone, plus insurance, plus MORE minutes than my previous plan, which works great for me. It actually comes out to a little less than what I was paying before for non smart phone internet.If anyone wants an entry level Android phone on a budget, this is the way to go. It has all the same bells and whistles as the 500-600 dollar phones (ex: Like the Galaxy S II) because they're all running the same UI. Just be patient and understand why this phone can be prone to lagging. The phone itself is awesome, it's just the junk that T-Mobile installs on the phone that makes it lag.

I am so amazed by this phone!!  I seriously can't imagine someone trying this phone, looking at the price, and going on to buy some other phone that either costs 2x as much, or signing a contract!You would think they'd cheap out on this phone to make the higher price phones look better, but the only defects of this phone are expected, the basic camera (flash included) and the rear speaker (should be two front facing).Otherwise the standout feature is the crisp, beautiful screen.  It is made of a very resistant material that reveals a pristine brightness.  Not a single miniscule scratch after a month of use.This comes with the newest version of Android for phones, Gingerbread  2.3.5(though ICS was recently released for the flagship Samsung Galaxy Nexus).This phone becomes even better when you root it and remove some of the unnecessary T-Mobile applications, and further tweak it.  There are about 5 icons that are pretty useless, but can't be removed normally.  Perhaps they are included to reduce the cost.This actually works better than most GPS devices out there.  Just buy a windshield or similar mount and take full advantage.  This has been my experience:1. Waze - Community driven navigation that gets better when more and more people use it, reporting traffic, and new roads.  This can really help you find better routes on your commute.  The drawback is that it's harder find newer places in its directory.2. Google Nav - everything you can find in Google Maps, is navigable here.  Complete with Google's satellite imagery.  Very polished and includes traffic reports.3. TeleNav GPS - comes with the phone, and is the closest to a traditional GPS device.  The free version works quite well, without ads or distractions.  You must pay a monthly fee for additional features.Here is my experience with watching streaming video:1. Netflix - Works perfectly.2. Hulu Plus - Does not work yet.  Says the content is not yet available for this device.3. T-Mobile TV - Included app works really well, but the best content requires subscription.  Even has LiveTV!4. Amazon Video - Officially it is only for the Kindle Fire, but I got it working quite well by tricking the program. Only works on Wi-Fi.5. Crackle - The low quality you expect, but it works6. Qik - Records and uploads video instantlyGames:All Angry Bird Games work perfectly smooth, Cut The Rope a total delight, Fruit Ninja fun as always, Where's My Water is a bit tricky on this size screen, and I haven't tried much other popular games as these are enough to entertain.Reading:Kindle, Nook, Zinio, and Google Books appear nice and clear.Music:The built-in speaker is very loud, but not very clear for dynamic music.  For optimal enjoyment and respect for those around you, use headphones.VOIP:Google Voice works well, and you can use it to make and receive calls (4G up to 5GB and 100min plan is perfect for $30). Google Voicemail is incompatible with prepaid plans. Skype works well and video chat is acceptable.  MobileVOIP works well.So why consider a different phone?  Well the processor is more than capable if you're conscious that it's a single core, and has its limits.  So far, every program that I could want on a phone works well.  Things start to slow down with several programs that use data service.  The built-in camera won't replace your standard digital camera, but is useful for day to day capture.  But why pay hundreds more for a phone that can't out do a good basic camera?Additional features: use tethering to make it work as a 4G modem to share the internet connection via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth devices, listen to internet radio, watch movie files, use as LED flashlight with a program, use as an alarm clock, view Facebook and Twitter, scan barcodes and research products, and do everything else that you can do with Android apps.Plan to keep the phone plugged in to a car charger if using for navigation, use a battery managing program, and the battery should last the day.  A charger for the office (secondary location) would be advisable for heavier use, especially tethering.This phone may be unlockable by calling T-Mobile after 3 month of use, or you can pay an unlocking website to use it with another provider.

The Plan - $30 / month, 5gb 4G data, unlimited EVDO, 100 minutes. EXCELLENT coverage in my area. Previously had Verizon and Virgin Mobile, T-mobile fits somewhere in between the 2, not as good as Verizon, much better than Virgin Mobile. the 4G is about as fast as my 6mbps ATT DSL at home, PERFECT for pandora, netflix, tethering (included btw).The Phone - cheap back, everything else is about as good as the Droid Incredible that came out over 2 years ago.This is hands down, THE best prepaid plan and phone you can get right now.

Missed calls. Kept rebooting itself for no reason, sometimes even in the middle of a phone call. Camera was fine.

This is a great phone for the money.  If you have a prepaid account and want to keep up with the Jones go for it.  In most cases I find a wifi hot spot and don't miss the 4g network stuff all that much(it's capable I am just to tight to pay for it).  I basically pay a 100$ a year for minutes and have all the phone I want.

It is an excellent phone I am very pleased with it. I love the memory on the phone. Draw back is at times have to restart the phone but that could be my issue.

I do not have much more to say that has not already been said but seriously, run and get this phone before they are gone. I purchased mine at Wallyworld and can not be more pleased with it. I signed up for the prepaid 4g $50 plan and although the 4g gets used up very quickly on this plan, the phone is amazing!!! (you can always turn on the wifi when home or anywhere that has wifi so you dont use up the 100mb of 4g, by the way I will probably upgrade the plan to get a more reasonable amount of 4g)The phone has such sharp clear text and is fast and if you root it you can delete all the blootware and apps that came pre-installed that you do not use.  But the camera (front facing one is a bonus!)... the speed, the call clarity, everything about this phone is top, top of the line.  I am in the industry and go through phones fairly quick (new phone every few months) and this phone is a grand slam with me.Again, run.. don't walk and get yourself this phone... the best phone I have seen yet and I have seen many.

Very Nice phone, however I think its a bit overpriced, considering its a very small phone.This might be an excellent purchase for a teenager, or someone that does not required to do mant activities at once.

It's really a very good phone specially for the price but one's your phone gets loaded it starts to freeze but except this it's a wonderful phone.

Exactly what I was expecting, box damaged didn't bother me, phone was perfect, not a scratch.  Unfortunately the charging cables both did not work at all.  I had to go out locally and purchase a charging cord because I didn't want to wait for the manufacturer response.  So $10 extra and everything is working, popped in the T mobile card, works immediately.

I am over 50 years old and can honestly say this is a true "smartphone".  Everything is pretty simple and I love it.  Recently went to the Philadelphia Flower Show and this phone took beautiful pictures.  The only downfall is that the battery needs to be charged often so I just make it a habit to carry an extra charger with me at work and at home.Great price for a 4G!

I am currently a T-Mobile (TMo) Pay As You Go (PAYG) customer and am in the process of buying this phone. I chatted with a TMo CSR this morning and they confirmed that the phone will work for voice calls but the PAYG plan does not permit data at all. This suits me perfectly since I plan to use WiFi exclusively.About unlocking the handset, the CSR said that since I bough the phone from Amazon, it is Amazon who would provide me with a unlock code. I chatted with an Amazon CSR as well and they forwarded my query to their wireless team who will respond in a day or two.Anyone else have the same experience?Edit: Amazon's "Wireless" CSR came back with a canned reply that said - "Sorry to hear you are having problems with your purchase. I've checked the product page for this item and don't see any offer that says Amazon will supply you with an unlock code for your phone. Please visit this XXXXXXXX site to print a return label and return the item to us".Brilliant!

I just got my phone yesterday night came on time and works great a little slow but awesome apps that came with it and fast downloading and if you love taken pics of yourself this phone is purrfect &lt;3

Update after 1 year of owning:I now hate this thing. It is ridiculously underpowered and takes FOREVER to do the simplest tasks. Even answering a call can be frustrating! The touchscreen is SLOW to react nearly every time I need to use it. The only thing keeping me from tossing it out the window when it upsets me is that I have a 32gb sd card in the thing that I would like to keep. I think it ran half decent before the android system updated to the latest version. Ever since then things got REALLY slow. Kind of like running windows 7 on a 486 processor or something. It's reallly, really, REALLY slow. I had to turn of the security swipe feature because the thing lags so much that you cant complete the swipe properly. I hardly have any apps installed on this thing and it still crawls along at a snails pace. Even swiping from page to page of your homescreen is an exercise in frustration. The icons have to "load up" every single time you page. It's just awful. Really. I have a Galaxy 2 sitting here on my desk still in the box waiting for me to open it. I can't wait to be rid of this garbage.Old Review from 01/2012 followsComing from Apple, getting used to the Android system took a few days. Everything is kinda all over the place and the 40 or so unnecessary installed apps that come with the phone make it even more confusing for a first timer. (most of those apps are dumb and should be removed to free up memory) If you are used to the simplistic and organized way Iphone works with Itunes, this is a bit challenging at first. There is nothing clearly pointing out WHY you had to create a google account upon booting up the phone for the first time. (you are essentially creating your Android log in and password) There is no onscreen guide explaining Android Market and how this is your key to apps, games, music, video, etc.Eventually you figure it out, and once you do you start learning that there is far more integration and customization possibilities with the Android system over Itunes. Not knocking Itunes, I still use my Ipod Touch everyday and there is much comfort when I go back to that interface. It's just cleaner and more inviting.The phone is very capable and gets a great 4G signal all around my area. The phone has a wi-fi calling capability that automatically turns on when you are in a known wifi hotspot. My home network is on a powerful Cisco Dual-band router set up as two separate channels(2.4 ghz G and 5 ghz N). Even with a very strong signal strength, the call quality is bad over my wifi. People tell me my voice breaks up. I have since switched off wi-fi calling and it's much better. It must be also noted here that the phone does not find wifi N signals in the 5 ghz range even though the phone is wifi N capable. I have learned that this is common. Apparently there are many devices out there that claim to be wireless N devices but only operate at the 2.4ghz range. Kinda dumb since if you have a wifi N router, you are encouraged to set it up at 5ghz. My Xbox finds 5ghz and connects great, but my Playstation 3 cant find the signal so I have to use G. Same with this phone.The phone runs pretty good most of the time, but it has moments of lag, where it seems to be thinking. Usually this is right after closing an app or entering the home screen from the lock screen. Apps seem to run smoothly and the phone apparently runs 3d game apps better than many more expensive phones according to a benchmark article I read.The screen is a nice size, about .25" larger than my 3G Ipod Touch. It's also very crisp and clear. The touch sensitivity seems very accurate, on par with the Iphone, but it just doesn't feel as nice on your fingers as the nice Iphone glass screen.Now to the biggest problem with this phone... the battery. This phone literally takes over 3 hours to charge from about 15% capacity with the power off. With the power on it takes over 4 hours. After charging to 100% you get about 3 hours of heavy use out of it tops. If you do some texting, take a couple calls, play a few games and check your email I guarantee the battery dips below 50%. So for a 4hr standby charge you get about 3 hours of heavy use. (with the GPS on you will be lucky to get 2 hours) That is just terrible. I don't get it. Lithium Ion batteries are known to charge quickly and give long usage. This phone's battery is quite the opposite. It is equally slow at recharging on an ac charger or a car charger. Maybe the charger itself is terrible? If it charged faster I wouldn't be so miffed about the short usage time. But this phone spends more time on the charger than it does in my pocket.My Ipod Touch (Lithium Ion Battery)can recharge fully in about 30 minutes from a completely depleted state. From a full charge I can use it heavily for 5-6 hours before I even get a low battery warning. Much better usage to recharge ratio.Fortunately there are other (upgrade) lithium Ion batteries available for this phone but they are expensive. ($40-$50) I have not tried one yet but I probably will. I will update my review at that time and let you know how well that works.So, the phone gets 4 stars, because its a great phone for the money. But the battery is terrible. Just so you know.

this is a fantastic phone for the money dollar for dollar perhaps the best phone out there. it does everything I need a phone to do... I can stream music , read books, play games, access the Internet and of course text message and make phone calls.... sure their fancy your phones out there but I'll be twice the price..... sure there are faster phone is out there they will be twice the price.

Ordered this phone for my 17 year old son.  He was previously on a Verizon plan; basic phone with 450 min (he would use between 1 to 5 min per month, what a waste - it was all texting) & unlimited text. I was paying 62.00 per month with my 22% discount from work for 2 years. Once I was off contract I cancelled Verizon and the search was on. He wanted a smart phone, but I did not want to be tied to a 2 year contract paying over 100.00 a month.  This phone is great and the plan is outstanding for someone who does not use alot of minutes, texts all the time and wants all the features of a smart phone.

Admittedly it did fall off the table, but it did not show any physical signs of damage.  It was only 2 feet, but the external sound quit working.  Therefore does not ring when a call is received, you can't listen to music or play a game unless it is through the earphone connection.  It is basically worthless to me now.  I'm sure I could send it in and hope that Samsung would fix or replace it, but I have now decided I don't want this phone if it is that sensitive.  It functioned great till it fell, although T-Mobile's signal could only get 2 bars at best at my home.  That however is more of a problem with my location and not the phone.

I've already downloaded some free apps and unlike the G1 the battery last longer and this phone has some nice features.

I had the samsung exhibit II for almost a full month before giving up on it and returning it.  The actual form factor is nice, very slim and compact.  The buttons, particularly the on/off button are impossible to find simply by feeling around for them with your fingers, they are just too flush with the phone.  The call volume, at least on my samsung exhibit II, was always extremely low.  At max volume, I always strained to hear the person on the other end.  Groove IP is not usable on this phone because the call quality is always echo-y, choppy, or static-y - regardless of whatever settings you tweak.  Whenever I had the handset up to my face for a call, the phone functioned as though my face was pressing buttons on the phone's dial pad, so my calls were always littered with the sounds of buttons being pressed during the call.  I've had better phones.  I ended up replacing this phone with a Samsung Galaxy note, which is working out much, much better for me.

Heard sour remarks from friends abt the Samsung android phones tendency yo freeze up. Three days of owing this phone, it stopped working as it should. Had missed calls because the phone just froze, and i wasnt aware until i got an iMsg on my iPad that i was MIA. Upon checking the phone, i see that i could not use the touch screen, i forced a shutdown, and after numerous attempts to force a reboit ( i held the power button for many many seconds) it did turn on after abt five tries!Now i was warned prior to looking for a new phone.Other notables:Screen reacts to daytime light in a bad way, u have to be inside to see the screen as it is a virtual mirror when outdoors.Small keypad makes for slow data entry and errorsVoice feature offsets the keypad issue above. In fact i would say its the coolest feature of the phone.Useless apps cant be hidden, like grayed out...if anyone knows how o, please leave a comnent.Not intiitive as iDevices, had to read the manual for simple tasks such as applying a pic to a contact, and swiping ( default call answering ) to answer a call. I promptly found a way to reassign the Home key to answer calls.Another cool feature is joining contacts. Allows u to EASILY join or unjoin your cobtacts as one in your contact list. If you have the same contact under diff names or from diff places like, linkedIn, FB, Google...So i am giving the phone 3 stars because i prefer substance over form. Its aesthetically pleasing though....

This is a pretty good phone, got nice features, fast =D it is really phone under 4G coverage however it is under T-mobile which doesn't give good signal at places. Also this phone has a okayish camera quality (only good when it's a close view) also it lags a little bit which causes me to loose my patient, but when this happens you can just restart and it'll work alright

Been using this phone for 3 months. It was an upgrade from a smart flip style. The phone will do more than I will ever learn as I'm not very technology savvy but do a lot of texting & it even works great to make calls! If you're shopping for an advanced phone but not ready for an iphone, this is a great phone. Seems more advanced than the geriatric generation would be able to handle but is great for someone who has a little technology background. Which means buy one for your teen, young adult or all the way to someone who's cruising through life in their sixties; the price won't break the bank & it's still a great phone.

Not the best phone I've ever had. It randomly froze on my one day, in the middle of my using the GPS and then would not turn back on for several hours. I nearly got lost on a cross country trip because it decided to crap out on me.

Before this, I was using my iPod touch (latest) for internet/WiFi and a cheap non-smartphone for calls.  Now I have combined the two into one device for 30$/month and get unlimited data and text!  Seriously, the build quality is sufficient (get a nice case) and the interface is BETTER than the iPhone!  Battery life is good (if you don't spend all day on the phone) and Android now has almost as many apps as the iClone (give us a few more months).  I cannot believe people are paying so much money for these stupid overpriced Apple devices.  Get this phone instead!UPDATE:  Two weeks after purchasing this phone, I rooted it in order to remove T-Mobile bloatware.  The phone is now TWICE as fast, and I have over 200 megs of RAM clear instead of 25.  I would suggest that everyone who buys this phone root it using Zergrush root.  Once you do, go here: [...] and use the app "Titanium back-up" to freeze or remove crap apps that are list.  Forget Apple and their closed OS and ways, the Android community has you covered!

It is a very good phone with 4G capability. The price is also very affordable. It may not be as good as the ones sold with much higher price but if you need to use this phone for basic stuff such as making calls, checking email, checking weather, looking at webs or using some apps, this is the perfect phone for you.

Nice phone, but hey it's 2012 Samsung, the rest of the world has been using bluetooth voice dialing for years -this is especially important as in most states its a heavy fine to even pick up a cellphone while driving.Also impossible to see the screen in sun (your sitting in  your car).Purchased two of these and my spouse hates it so far, hard to use, can't see it in the sun, won't download phone book to the car's bluetooth link (Mercedes E-350).This is day 4 and thinking the best thing to do is return them to Amazon - .  Tmobil service is good and I have no complaints.

I bought this phone as a gift to a person who prefers to use language other than English. But unfortunately this phone comes with a very small subset of language options defined by Samsung. Neither Chinese or Japanese is supported with this phone. I have several other smart phones from Apple, HTC and Motorola. All of them support many more language choices.I searched the web and found this might be an issue for most of Samsung Android phones. I'll probably stay away from any Samsung Android devices in the future. Technically I could root the device and load a customized ROM. But it's too much trouble for a simple prepaid phone. I also tried "more locale2" app from Android market but it didn't work either.Other than that, based on a couple of hours of testing and trying to install "more locale2", it's a OK phone. But I'm returning it tomorrow due to this language limitation.

This is a pretty good device. It can get apps and go online and thats pretty much all I need. However, it does get slow sometimes and can get stuck for a few minutes. If you can't afford the i Phone or the Galaxy 4 its a good start. Good phone for the cost.

This phone is a nice phone, but it's not a really good phone. For this price it is a good phone though. Battery life is ok, and the hardware is pretty sound. Just don't run too many things at once, or you will find you lagging out. Overall this phone is good enough for five stars I recommend it for anybody!

This phone is a bad idea!!! Hard to handle without starting programs you don't want. the phone failed after less than a month. there is poor tech support. It would not take a charge so i call for tech support and they told me to remove the battery and re install it. After only a month? so i did and it worked for only another week then the same thing. i called tech support again( a very long process!!)so they told me to send only the phone, no memory card, no back cover, no battery back to them and they would repair it. 3 weeks later it arrived and it still did not work!!! they then told me to send in the battery. (DUH) its been a week, no battery. I'm still waitingThe other issue is cell service.(t-Mobile) poor to none. although i'm in a strong coverage area according to their map. after repeated calls they informed me that i wasn't supposed to get coverage in a building? what were they thinking? I need to stand outside (not under a tree) to be able to use it!!Don't buy this phone unless you like wasting your money!!!Samsung Exhibit II 4G Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile)

This is replacing an LG Optimus T that I accidentally bricked while trying to root it in order to gain more space - and man oh man am i glad I did brick the optimus T - I thought the old phone was pretty good, but this one just blows me away.  To my mind, it looks and runs as good or better than the first gen Galaxy S (and it should, because they have similar specs).  The only thing I would change, I wish the camera was 5 or 8 megapixels instead of just 3.  Everything else about this phone is fantastic - it looks like a high end phone (from the front at least, the back does look kinda cheesy but I don't let it bother me, I'll just put a case on it), even tho it's just a mid-range phone.  Value here is excellent bang for your buck - for cellphones, anyway, they are really all overpriced.  Music playing from this phone is awesome and videos are incredibly crisp and fast to load.  And I don't really notice that this is single core processor instead of the new high end dual core processor on the Galaxy S II.  Overall, for anyone stuck on a contract wanting a reasonably priced new phone or any prepaid users that want a good android phone, this is a great option and you really can't go wrong.  Best improvement on this in my mind is the incredible amount of storage for apps - I can't see it ever filling up no matter how many apps I put on it.  Bottom line, it is everything I hoped it'd be and more.

This is a near perfect phone with only one flaw, unfortunately it's a big flaw: battery really sucks, have to charge almost daily, sometimes twice a day. There are lots of tips in the manual teaches you how to save the battery, all have trade-off, I guess Samsung knows the battery issue, hence come up with so many useless tips to save battery, but why not just fix it?

i don't know id its just the phone that is malfunctioning but i am going to attempt to exchange it. it lags on the simplest of things! i just received it and have had it out of the box for about an hour and I've had to remove the battery because the phone froze at least seven times! then when i finally got it to work and i placed it on the charger it reboot about four times in a row! I was really excited to finally get this phone and it doesn't even let me make/receive a phone call without freezing as well:(when it comes to the seller i was very pleased by how quickly i got it.

It has all the functionality I need. The price is great. I bought the same phone for my daughter last year which she lost. This year this phone is still my choice for her.

After trying a couple of mobile phones, I decided to go with the Samsung Exhibit 4G. I love it. It arrived in good time was easy to set up. unlike the other two I tried.

This product seems to work well and was a good value for the price! It is user friendly and the 4G network is Fast :-)

Very nice, all apps need to do anything, web, games, every thing we needed in a cell and more. fast, slim, would recommend this to all that need a cell phone. A+++++

I had an iphone 3g for a few years. But I had tmobile and the 2g speeds were maddening. So I went to the android side and got this phone because I did not want to spend a lot, but wanted 4g speed. I got that.Physical size is same as the iphone. Screen is fine. Those that say it doesn't view well in the sun, make sure your brightness is turned up. Mine defaulted to the lowest setting and it took me a month to figure out that was the problem.Phone is light. Responsive. Call quality is good. 4g speeds are great, though sometimes I lose a signal, but I think that's not the phone as I live in a dead spot.Transition to Android was entertaining. Not the closed system of Apple, so there is some funkiness that I liken to the PC world, though not that crazy. Rooted the phone to get rid of a lot of bloatware, and I highly recommend you do that.Changed the theme to look like an iphone as I mentally have committed certain icons to certain functions.Battery life is fairly good. I can usually go a couple of days without charging and I use my phone a fair amount.When I was in the tmobile store, I drooled over the Galaxy S2. But in the end, I have an ipad, so why do I need a galaxy. This phone was cheap and highly functional.My only minor complaint is the lack of a better "on" button, as the power button on the side of the unit is a little hard to depress at times to wake up the phone. But I can live with that.All in all, I think this is a great 4g android phone for less than $200. Hard to go wrong.Ironically, I tried to buy this at the local tmobile store in my town to support local business. But because of the challenges the carriers have with previous contracts and lots of small print rules governing the prices of phones, the best they could do was $350. Hello amazon.

I recently brought this phone and initially did find it a bit sluggish. it even hanged quite a few times. the navigation used to loose the gps signal every now and then. was already reaching my frustration point.but when i had this phone rooted, all this magically disappeared. this works smooth now. absolutely. And the rooting was a simple diy process. no rocket science. enjoy this piece !

I remember few months ago I buy me another PrePaid Smart Phone LG and was with AT&T; I turn nuts here, because this phone never worked. I need to call everyday AT&T; customer service, is not really good service, they told me all the time take the SIM Card out and put back again.... funny, how often? So this phone is going now.After I read here the reviews about this one Samsung Exhibit II 4G I say Ok try one more time again. Good thing is you choose which service you want and pay this what you need. Setting up the phone was easy, get phone # was easy, get my plan was easy, T-Mobile having very good customer service, and this phone working 100% perfect. Fast, and easy to use.I'm happy with this PrePaid Smart Phone.

I have been a Tmobile prepaid customer for about six years now.  I use fifty to a hundred dollars worth of time a year.  Service was good until I put a tin roof on my house and it blocked the signal.  I knew Tmobile let you access their network through a home wireless so I went looking for a new GSM phone with WiFi capabilities.  The ones I liked were way expensive without a contract but I got serious when my old RAZR started giving me trouble around Christmas.I found this one on Amazon and started looking at the specs and reading the reviews.  I needed a phone with WiFi for the house.  I wanted one that would play my music.  I wanted one that I could use my existing prepaid simm without buying a data plan.  Not as simple as it sounds but this phone performs the functions quite well.  In addition I installed SKYPE and it works perfectly in the house.  I use a SKYPE out subscription for my long distance calls (I am on prepaid remember and even though the phone connects through my WiFi it uses minutes) and all the long distance calls for a year are $30.The battery could last longer but it is acceptable if I charge it every night.  As others have stated the bloatware is horrific and I will fix this as soon as I root the phone in the next few days.  This should also help with the battery life.The sad thing is I went to my local world wide everything for everybody department store looking for accessories. A silicone skin, some screen protectors and so on.  Not a thing and they sell this phone.  They did have two isles of iphone accessories but then they don't sell iphones at that particular store.I am just getting started.  I will check back if any thing really good or surprising happens.  OH and anything bad.ONE MONTH AFTER PURCHASEI rooted the phone and cleaned up the bloatware.  Put in a 16Mb Micro SD and lots of music.  I am on a road trip and use the SKYPE for calls anywhere I stop with WiFi.  Loaded some useful free apps and a few paid ones. For the most part I mostly use it to make and receive calls but the music is nice when no acceptable radio stations are in my area.

I'm enjoying learning how to use the new phone; I'm changing from the old fashion flip phone to the android.  The reviews are good maps toward making a decision to get the Galaxy Exhibit 4G phone.

I thought these were a hellaciously good deal so I got several of these for our family.  After using them for awhile the biggest complaint I have is that the phone randomly locks up multiple times a day.  It lags really bad after a few uses and god help you if you try to make back to back calls, because it simply won't work.  It won't let you hang up, find another number, and immediately place a call.  You have to wait a minute (literally) and then, if you're lucky, it will work.  I have antivirus installed and know that the phone is clean.  It's great with using apps and overall I like the phone.  It's just a few quirks that irritate me and prevent me from giving it a better review.  It's still not bad for the money.  I really am hard on phones - I use them constantly and work them non-stop (internet, calls, texts, etc).  I'm overall happy with it and you can't beat the price.

I bought this from Walmart for family mobile. Which is basically T Mobile through Walmart any way this has been the worst phone I have ever bought ever....It freezes all the time I am having to constantly pull the battery out and restart it because it will get set in a reboot cycle.. Where if you let it go it would just restart itself 6-10 times before I finally just pull the back off and take the battery out ! Some apps just won't work with it even though they should. On top of this it would not work with any micro SD card over 4 MB it just wouldn't accept it. This is the biggest Joke of a phone I have ever seen. Yeah it is a touch screen yeah it is a Samsung and Android but save your money people. It would not update at all I would try to force it to update and it would tell me there is no update available, I had to download this clunky software off the Samsung website called "keys" and connect the phone to the computer to install a update.Seriously save your money and put it to some thing better  or just get a old school phone I have had this about a year and it has started to get worse I have to pull the battery out at least twice a day now I am just waiting for it to die so I can get as much out of it as I can before I buy some thing else. Bad bad experience !

I am so glad that I purchased the phone, it was exactly what I needed. The phone along with the monthly prepaid plan without an annual contract is what I have and very happy with it. Definitely recommend to whoever wants to save money on their monthly cell phone bill.

I was one of the first people with a cell phone when cell phone service was introduced.  Although that first phone had no bells or whistles, it worked 100% better than the Samsung Exhibit!! THAT is how bad this phone is.  To say I hate it is not strong enough.First of all, when I first purchased this phone, I was told it has camera zoom feature.  No, it does not!  I was willing to overlook that as the phone seemed to have other features I liked (forward facing camera) but I so regret not turning back and returning the phone when I found out it doesn't have zoom.  Where do I start.....let me start with it's NOT just my individual phone. My husband has the same exact  phone/model. We bought both of them together at the same time.  His phone is exactly the same.  I do not have a bunch of apps loaded.  I have maybe 3 small apps that I thought I could enjoy if I could actually use them.  Nothing that takes up a lot of space or processing power.  Even when I deleted all my apps in hopes that it would be the solution...nothing.  My husband has never downloaded a single app to his phone and doesn't even use the preloaded ones.  Same problems.* Phone constantly freezes!!  To just read a text messages takes upwards of a minute.  I am NOT exaggerating!!  I look at this black screen until my text finally pops up.  I'm not talking about videos or pictures, just a one-word text! Same for apps, phone calls, camera, etc.  Everything I do with this phone is waiting until it can actually complete the task.  If there is ever a time I need to dial 911 with this phone, I know I'm in trouble!  If it's a matter of life or death, I know I will die!  Yes, this phone is THAT bad.  The freezing is constant and often!* Has a crazy mind of its own!  It won't send a text or complete a call because it has to freeze for 30 seconds first, but then when it finally comes back from its coma, it decides to ADD to its task.  It will start opening up screens I did not try to open. At first I thought it was maybe just me pressing extra things in trying to get the phone to come to life so I tried JUST trying to make a call or read a text and put the phone down so I could not select any additional options while I wait for the end of its coma.  No different.  The extra problem is that, while closing out extra screens it opened, it goes back into a coma again!!* The battery seems to occasionally *forget* it has a full battery and just shuts down on its own.  When I try to turn it back on,  get the stupid "dead battery" icon.  I have to plug in the charger and once the phone gets some juice (or I remove and reinsert the battery), it suddenly remembers it has a battery charge.* It decides when you can or cannot talk to someone!! No kidding.  I'll be 5 minutes into a conversation and the phone shuts down my call (it's not the service as I still have full bars and am on the 4G network).  When trying to reconnect, it simply will not connect the call!  Each time I put the number in and hit the send icon, it returns to the main screen.  The first time it did this, I tried 5 times and then gave up.  Hours later, it decided that permission had been granted to allow me to make the call and dialed the number five times!  Again, no kidding!!* The on-screen keyboard is awful!  I am a woman with normal sized-fingers for a woman so it's not that my problem is due to finger size.  When you press on a letter, a little bigger version of the letter shows up on top of the letter to confirm that you hit the right letter.  ha ha ha ha.  Nice feature if it worked!!  Why, oh WHY, when I try to select the letter "o" and it shows the letter "o" as being chosen, does the letter "i" show in my word???  That's not all....most of the time, when I select a letter, it selects a different letter instead.  It takes me twice as long to write a text because I constantly have to look at the screen to ensure the correct letter had made it through and backtrack when it chose a different letter.* You would THINK that the solution to the above problem would be their talk-to-text feature.  Oh, how nice it would be if only it worked!!!!  When trying to use this feature, it tells me to "start speaking now".  So, I start speaking into the phone at the distance it says to in the manual.  Hmmmm..nothing...still "start speaking now". So, I talk louder and put the phone against my lips so now I am KISSING THE PHONE and it still doesn't recognize that I've said anything.  I may be a woman, but I am NOT quiet.  I do not have one of those silent, squeaky voices that might explain this dilemma.  I have an average woman's voice in which everyone and everything can hear...except this phone!  Sometimes I get lucky, it actually acknowledges that I have said something.  However, it has to process it.  It shows "working"..... ...... ...... ..... after a minute I just cancel it!  Sometimes it just cancels it on its own with an error message.  I try and try, but I have learned with this phone, if it does not want to do something, there is nothing you can do to get it to work.  NOTHING!!!  Now figure in all the time invested in trying to get the phone to recognize you have spoken AND be able to process it....add the time for freezing.... and it's FINALLY spelled out what you have said....* The stupid phone jumbles everything said!  I have to go back and rewrite half the text!!  Waste of time!!!!These are the biggest issue off the top of my head.  There are more!  I have T-Mobile and they locked me in jail with their stupid 2-year contract which has another 2 months on it. I am leaving T-Mobile as the place I moved to has no service (although they claim I do have service - classic) so I do not want to spend the money getting a new phone when I'm just leaving them in 2 months.  Plus, I'm still paying monthly for this phone.  It cost $400 a phone and we renewed the contract with monthly payments for the phones.  So, I'm stuck in hell for now.  However, in 2 months, LOOK OUT as this phone will be FLYING DIRECTLY INTO THE NEXT HARD SURFACE.  I hate this phone so much I will never try another Samsung phone no matter how "great" I hear they are.  This phone got good reviews too.

From the first usage the phone was very slow at any task, messaging and calling app would take forever to open. I believe theres not enough RAM an memory to handle the phones features it has alot of great features for a great price but they put to much into such a little phone

I'm a former iphone user and I've had this Samsung Exhibit II 4G for almost a year.  I bought it at Walmart to go with my Tmobile 4g Monthly plan.The screen is great, very vibrant colors, I enjoy the app store (Google Playstore) although iphones is more straight forward.The sound quality is good, the camera is ok/good, there is a flash which is very helpful even on the video part. But for some reason if I want prints developed at a store such as Target, CVS etc it shows an error for the pics I took with this phone. It says that the resolution isn't good.Ok, I've had this for a while, but still find the phone weird to hold in my hand, I don't like the button placement, I'm always accidentally turning the screen on or off, maybe it's my hands (which are very petite).Another issue is that when you are done talking on the phone, you have to press the side button to turn the screen on, then hang up, sometimes long after the other person has hung up.  With my iphone I never had this issue.There have been some glitches, not sure if it's just "my" phone but I have to press the "power on" button (sometimes 10-15 seconds, just pressing) for it to finally turn on .  Mainly the side buttons have gotten on my nerves because when I press them to get into my phone, a lot of times the screen will just flash and go black again, I have to CAREFULLY press the button then swipe quickly. Ugh!Anyways, the sound quality is good and it's an ok downgrade/swap for previous iphone users like myself.  But, honestly the moment I get my tax refund I am going back to iphone, just being honest.

Do not reccomend this phone at all, :-\  Not happy wt it

I usually stuck with the contract phones but this one made me think twice. It being a android I heard it was versatile but this thing has a lot of free apps and programs like the Google navigation(since it can be sometimes more accurate than the name brands) which is free. It also has a great camera and speaker phone and great Google voice search, battery life is about 8 hrs with some use. If you use it for like an hour then stop, you should be at 75% or 50% after an hr of use with power-save on it will stay about 85%. Even still it has a power save mode which shuts down small stuff (brightness, Bluetooth, and unused accessories apps)which extends the battery for about an hour to 30mins it depends if you have to use it or not. Cons for this phone I guess would be needs better battery life and it can lock up if you have to many apps or programs running. Even still I paid $201.99 for this phone on amazon and it would have cost me $219.99 at wal-mart. I don't know your area but in mine T-Mobile is 2nd in the area next to Verizon and i have had maybe one or twice of it going to one bar but almost all the time I have 5 bars. In my opinion well worth it.

I normally dont leave reviews but htis time i have to say it is a great phone. responsive, fast and ready to use rightout of the box

I purchased this phone 8 months ago. I was really excited about receiving a mid-level Android phone for so cheap. I used the phone with the stock operating system for 4 months. I hated the phone in the that duration of time. Despite the good hardware, the phone was sluggish and froze on me constantly. I felt like I had a legacy android phone. When you have to reboot your phone 4 times a day to keep it running, you know something is wrong. Then came the revelation: I wiped the phone of its OS/Rom and installed a custom ROM/OS. I put CM9/Android 4.0 on the phone. Guess what? Everything runs phenomenal! My wife has a Samsung Galaxy S2 and my phone now runs immensely faster than hers. I never experience lag or freezes, the GPS works flawless and fast. Honestly, I switch between 10 different apps in a matter of minutes and the phone never slows down. It runs extremely fast! I love it so much and it has now become my favorite phone. I'm glad I managed to save and salvage it because now it has become the gem I truly wanted.

Bought one for myself then 1 1/2 weeks later bought one for my wife and my daughter. Like them alot, none of us have any complaints. All three are registered under my name and all three are on the $30 unlimited text+data and 100 minutes. Just when the automated thing asks for area code just keep replying no till you get a real person. I registered two of them the same day no problems, they don't care just so there's a paying adult on record. Also for all three phones stand by is around 3 days. web browsing lasts me most of the day, the one thing I found is using slacker radio, don't know why but drains my battery within three hours. Otherwise no problem using other apps. Considering I paid close to $600 for all three phones and $30 plan for each. I'm still coming out way ahead of any contract phone, and for home phone I took the plunge and got a Magicjack 2, Works fantastic would recomend that also. Almost forgot yes all three were bought at Wally-world(Wal-mart).

the item i brought was defective and i have had nothing but problems with it since i brought it will not buy again

This is my third Android phone, and it has more unremovable/preinstalled junk than the previous 2 phones.  And these unwanted apps aren't just taking up storage space, they START RUNNING ON THEIR OWN and waste RAM.Despite the large amount of memory, I have had as low as 40 megabytes of RAM free without running a single program I wanted to install.  This phone can barely handle running GMail and Opera at the same time, and in fact sometimes the web browser will get zapped if I try to switch to GMail briefly.Yes, this phone looks like a low price.  Maybe that's because of all of the kickbacks t-mobile must be getting from the software peddlers who have hijacked the phone.OK, aside from the fact that t-mobile has ruined the phone, is there anything wrong with the phone?  Yes, unfortunately...1. Only the power button can activate the display (in order to be able to swipe/unlock it), and it is tiny and flush with the phone body.  Unlike my previous Androids, it has no easy-to-feel button which can activate the display.2. Despite the visible texture on the back of the phone, it is very slippery.  The texture is a bunch or very smooth lumps, which provides no grip at all (flat plastic actually provides more grip than this).3. It beeps when the battery is fully charged.  It's an annoying high-pitch beep, and it can't be turned off unless you turn off all alerts.  So plug in your phone, try to go to sleep, and an hour later the phone thinks you want to wake up to be informed of the battery status.Yes, the phone seems like a fancy phone for the price.  But keep in mind that the OS was designed by Google, memory is generic, and the Qualcomm processor is fairly common.  For their part, Samsung did a poor job of attaching those things to a battery/case and then T-Mobile flew in and dumped a bunch of unwanted software on it.

I pushed this phone hard because I wanted to make sure it worked. Its 100x better then my motorola. its quick as long as you dont have more then 7-8 programs running at the same time, has gingerbread with flash 11.1. videos play well, call quality is good, it has never shut down or turned off/on like the motorolas. it's screen is crisp and colorful. its 4G is a huge plus, never dropped a call. I tested it in Houston, Austin, Dallas and I'm now in Iowa roaming its working seamlessly and well. This is a very impressive phone for the price. Ya, its not going to be exactly the same as a dualcore Apple A5 iphone 4s but it's a steal when you can get it without a contract for $200. I had to travel to over 5 walmarts to find it because it quickly sold out. this is going to be a great christmas gift for those with t-mobile (no contract needed!!!!!)Cons: picture quality is good, not excellent. its like the iphone in that it has NO led indicator, need to check phone for calls, texts....ect. it shows up for a few minutes but then the powersaving setting makes it go black again. there are apps around this. the galaxy S I has the same problem.

Bought the card at the T-Mobile store, the clerk installed the sim card and turned on the phone, no problem.Capacity for apps and games is great. There is a 5GB limit. The phone has never locked or stalled on me. Both front and rear camera work great. Could use more flash light while filming video, but overall a very reliable and easy phone to use.

LOVE THIS PHONE. Great easy to use. Updates if you say yes. So simple. WHO NEEDS AN APPLE? NO ONE NEEDS THAT. SAMSUNG IT'S GREAT. PRE-PAID $50 A MONTH. AWESOME APPS. ANDRIOD IS THE BEST EVER..

thies phon is realy good for all purpose, well for biginner at list, i realy like it this is the first time experience with smart phon and im hookd, the thing wath i like about it is the camera that you fil using real smart one and you can uplowd as mush as you can apps but you have to extinted sd memory.i recommend this phon for my friend .

The Exhibit II 4G is a mid-range smart phone whose performance isn't always up to snuff.  For occasional use, it will do the job, but performance-wise it's not even in the same neighborhood as bigger dual-core phones.The phone is surprisingly heavy for its size, and it features a very slippery plastic back that can make it fall out of your hand very easily.  The 3.7" screen is fairly bright, although colors are dull (this ain't AMOLED).  The touch screen does not have a smooth response, and inputs don't always register.  The call quality and volume is pretty decent.  After a year of use, the battery life has diminished quite a bit, although it's still got some juice.  The battery is replaceable and IIRC is somewhat affordable.The Exhibit II 4G performs o.k. at first, but it deteriorates over the months.  I'm now retiring mine after just one year of use, and it has become very laggy and slow.  This includes loading up the actual "phone" section, which you would think would get high priority.  It often takes forever to exit apps to the desktop, and it's prone to temporary freezes and browser crashes.  On rare occasions the phone will reboot for no reason (takes forever to re-initialize), and the snooze on the alarm clock also doesn't work sometimes.  My Alpine receiver can't connect to it over USB (this may be an Android issue).  These performance issues could perhaps be ameliorated with a Factory Data Reset, or possibly rooting the phone to get rid of bloatware, but I haven't tried it.  I'm annoyed by having to tinker with something as utilitarian as a smart phone.If you are set on going the prepaid route, you may do well to simply spend a bit more money and buy a used smart phone like a Motorola Atrix, HTC, or Samsung Galaxy S2.  As far as I know, T-Mobile contract phones are GSM and should work with a prepaid T-Mobile SIM, and used AT&T; phones will work on Straight Talk with their AT&T; SIM kit.If you can squeeze a couple of years out of a higher-end used smart phone, you've probably made a better investment than this phone.  The Exhibit II 4G will do the job for the casual user, but if you plan on spending a lot of time gawking at the screen, it will leave you wanting.

I love my new phone.  I bought this for an overseas business trip. All my research made it sound like it was easy to get the unlock code from T-Mobile.  It wasn't.  They kept refusing because I did not have the phone 60 days. Then they asked me to fax my receipt.  After I did they refused because they said I did not purchase it from an authorized retailer?  Is that true that Amazon is not an authorized T-Mobile retailer? I paid an online company $25 for my unlock code & got it instantly.  3 days into my trip T-Mobile finally sent it to me.Every now and then the phone is slow at responding to touch but it is rare and not a problem considering the price. Also, I don't use a skin and I've dropped it several times where the battery pops out and it had no effect on the phone.

I dont think there is a phone on the market with this price and specs! The phone is lightweight, android interface is fast and smooth, camera picture quality is good and voice quality for calls is pretty decent. Apart from the gizillon android apps, I tested skype with the front-facing camera and it does the job pretty good! I am very happy with this purchase and would definitely recommend it!

Phone id alright... not more. It runs slow and get even slower after you add your contacts through email and facebook. It stuck couple of times already and I only had it for a month and a half... not sure it worth it. internet runs fine but the call quality is low. it's hard to hear the other side and they're having trouble hearing me too.. speaker isn't loud either. i'm missing calls and texts if i'm not looking at the pone every once in a while...

I bought this phone after having my Google Nexus 4 stolen.I needed a phone in the interim as I decide which phone to get.This phone is exactly as described. It is not the best phone on the market by far but a GREAT bang for your buck. It has everything I would need. I have used the phone about 3 months and I have found it lacking only in speed and not being able to use the latest version of android. I am used to having the best phone on the market. I would highly recommend this product anyone just needing a phone with a good usability and bang for your buck. Email/facebook/pandora/gps all work great on this phone. Compared to its competitors this is the phoen to get. I did NOT find the comparable phones at a good price. Stick with samsung they make good phones lately.

This phone can't get 4G anywhere in the Phoenix area except at T-Mobile stores and can't get 3G at all so it only runs on Edge that is too slow to do anthing! While this seems like a nice phone it's SLOW, SLOW, SLOW  It's actually slower than my old Blackberry that had 3G!  The coverage map shows coverage everywhere but they don't mention that it's just Edge with a speed of only 139Kb and nothing on the phone will work at that speed. I can't even use it unless I have wi-fi. Actually I don't think they even have a 4G network! T-Mobile claims to have the largest 4G network in the country and they also claim it's the fastest but I can't find any evidence that it even exists. It's not very fast either. Even in T-Mobile stores where they have a strong signal of 5 bars the speed is just 4-5Mb, not the fast speed they claim to have. The only way I've been able to use this phone on the go is to also carry my old 3G phone with me too. 3G is also spotty but it's available in different areas than 4G is so I can usually get coverage on one or the other.I don't care if the girl on the motorcycle in the TV ad claims there is a 4G tower in West Phoenix (and only 1, it's a big area!), how about one in the East Phoenix area where I am?The phone also has the Carrier IQ spyware but the Voodoo Carrier IQ detector said it probably wasn't active.Also, the battery runs down everyday so I'm always having to charge it and it's pretty annoying not to have a button for the camera since I can't see the icon for the camera on the screen in the daytime. I can't call Customer Care at 611 either, just get the T-Mobile ring tone and hangs up with a message on the screen saying to check the FAQ. I guess they don't want to talk to anyone who has one of these lousy phones! They don't give you a case either but it fits into the Blackberry case just fine.I got it at Walmart so I could get the $30/mo unlimited data plan but can't actually use the data at Edge speeds.  If you get it at Walmart that count on going back lots of times until they get it working right. You need lots of patience since nobody at Walmart knows anything about setting up a phone, can't actually do anything themselves and have to call T-Mobile everytime. I had to go back 3 times before they got it right. First time they set it up for the standard 1500 talk, text and 30mb of data plan instead of what I wanted and the slow data service with Edge in the store makes it impossible to update the account info so you can see what you are getting. After changing the plan I found the $30 card didn't take and I had no minutes and it said the plan was Unfunded. Went back again to get the credit problem corrected. It finally seems to be running OK except for no 3G or 4G so everything is very slow unless it's on wi-fi.On the plus side the wi-fi is the best I've seen on any device. It connects automatically when there's no cell service without having to search for wi-fi networks or anything and all the apps run faster when wi-fi is available, if you are near the wireless router. On the negative side it won't work inside most building so don't count on using it at all if there's no wi-fi available unless you go outside where you can get wireless service.  The wi-fi range is really short also, just 20' from the wireless router it only shows 1 bar and speed is cut in half.BTW, I picked up a Samsung Galaxy S, model T959V to replace this and the Galaxy S works much better. It's 4G but can also fall back to 3G when 4G is not available so I get service most places now where there is no service with the Samsung Exhibit II.Update: After updating to Cyanogenmod 11 it finally works!  It can get 3G now just like most other phones! Too bad they didn't have CM 11 available when I got it 2 years ago!

Bought this for my almost 17-year old daughter, and she loves it, so far.  I haven't heard any complaints yet, and she is discovering more about it's capabilities every day.

This phone was my first experience with Android. It certainly has lots of bells and whistles. And it certainly is a much better phone in terms of hardware and software than the iPhone.  However, I returned this phone within 4 days of having it for a number of reasons:1) I need a phone that is reliable, durable, and functional for traveling. This phone does not do that. It has only 3G service in North America and some parts of South America. It does not have 3G service in Europe, Asia, or Africa.2) The phone is nowhere near as durable as a Blackberry. Not even close. Though it is much more durable than an iPhone.  Unless you are in the habit of replacing your phone every 6 months because a new trinket catches your eye, this phone will not last 3 years of use and abuse. The screen will crack, the camera will scratch, etc. Nothing new here that iPhone users will not be accustomed to.3) With a fully charged battery, I left the phone on idle with it only connected to the 3G network for cellular phone service (no data). The battery was dead in 18 hours. Totally dead. I can leave my Blackberry in the same configuration for 10 days without any worries. This battery issue alone is enough to disqualify this phone for serious use.4) It is basically impossible to sync Outlook with the Android contacts/calendar. The only way is to sync Outlook with GMail servers, and then sync that with Android. This means that you must be ok with allowing Google to have access to all your contacts, calendar, and whatever else you are syncing. I think this is a huge breech of privacy.As far as I can see, this is probably the best Android phone on the market in terms of size, usability, price, etc.  But like the iPhone, it is simply not ready for serious users. Just a toy.

I switched from a blackberry storm primarily for web browsing.  It has great screen resolution and is pretty good on power usage.  It does everything I want from email to stargazing. It's just the right size and very responsive on 4g.  Takes apps well and responds with clarity. Can'tbeat the price I got on amazon.

From the moment I turned it on this phone has been nothing but problems. It freezes a million times a day, it's ridiculously slow, and it restarts all of the time. It's a hassle just to make a call or send a text too. I've only had it for about 2 months and I hate this phone period. I did a little research and found out that these are known issues and t-mobile continues to sell it. DO NOT BUY IT!!! I'm just going to sell mine and go back to my optimus.

After using the Exhibit II 4G for a week, I'm quite happy. Coming from a cheap LG Optimus T (same as V or S), this is noticeable a improvement overall. Faster, more RAM, more storage, better camera, flash, and Android 2.3. After the Samsung firmware updates to Galaxy Exhibit status, everything seems quite good.

This phone does not compare to my previous phone HTC EVO shift 4 g i had. The only reason i had to swith because i was changing carriers. Here is a list of something i like that didn't liked about this phone.Pro- Wifi calling, front facing camera, the back cover design, International phone, battery life, phone ReceptionCons- speaker phone and the audio of the phone is really bad-Screen resolution is not bright at all-The touch screen response is slow-freezes up and force closes all the time-The on/off button on the side is a little annoying. It litterly takes 3 secs to pull up the screen after you pressed it ( -slow response)-This phone cover design is REALLY slippery, i almost dropped the phone many times- Cannot turn off 4g

The phone came in after 3 weeks, the phone is not fresh off the production line, the old box was opened before and scotched taped back, the main box was damaged and scotch tape did not help to make like new. Surly it was open box and looked it was rejected and returned by previous purchaser. It started cutting off in the middle of conversation and it took 2-3 minutes to come back on. The tilting and touch screen is slowly disappearing or stopping or not working at all, and recently the phone is not taking any charging. A lot of times The calls are automatically transferred to answering without any indication of voice messages. I requested for return or replace of the unit, I have not heard or received any information about the action that dealer has taken for  up to now. I don't think the dealer is located outside of the country. Amazon customer care has sent an Email for return, but it has been almost a week that I have not gotten any  other response from  anybody else. The review on this vendor was good, I call it fly-by-night vendor.  Thanks  Saeid

I'm using this phone as my main. I called T-Mobile and they sent me the unlock code. I got this phone unlocked and can use it with any gsm carriers around the world.What I like about this phone the most is that it capable of Tri-band for internet connection. What I mean is that it can support AT&T; 4G, T-Mobile 4G and International 3G. Most of the expensive gsm phones are only capable of Dual-band connection which only supports AT&T; and International.Research carefully before you purchase an expensive phone because you'll probably end up using EDGE connection if it doesn't supports your carrier's frequencies.T-Mobile 4G: 1700/2100AT&T; 3G: 850/1900AT&T; 4G: 1900/2100International 3G: 2100This phone supports all of the above frequencies.

This phone is t-mobile compatible and is why i purchased it! I am not disappointed. I find new features everyday. It does everything and i am so glad i switched from a flip phone to this 21st century model!

This phone works great! I wanted a smartphone that provides email access, with Wi-Fi link, GPS and Bluetooth connection; that is not too expensive. I have had the phone now for about a year. It meets all my expectations and more, and the price was great.

THE GOOD STUFF. its like mp3 player, a camera and camcorder. i like how i can put the micro SD card in and view my pics from it and listen to my music thats on it. the music can play from the phone loud or you can put a quietly with headphones. it has a good sound recorder. the sound recorder is unlimited amount of time i think. and it has a camera and a video recorder. picture and video quality isnt the best but good enough. the video recorder might be unlimited too until memory runs out.and if you dont use the phone much like me then i also like that i only have to spend $10 every 90 days but i cant use the internet like that. so i could spend $40 every year and not every month like contract phones. huge difference. but this is perfect for me since i very rarley use the phone. some months i dont use a phone at all but i do need it sometimes.NOW THE PROBLEMS. the buttons and screen dont always work correctly. ive had 4 other phones and they all work perfecly but calling and using this phone is a headache. many times i call and want to hang up and cant hang up wasting my minutes. sometimes i call and it freezes on that screen. to many errors. to many buttons i dont click, end up getting clicked somehow. its a horrible idea touch screen. so basically why it gets 2 stars is cuz its not really work if you use it as a phone. almost every phone is better then this part. $198 for a camera and sound recorder and viewing files and music is a rip off. i can use my camera which you can get for under 50 bucks for all that stuff.EDIT: I tired to be to nice, this phone is garbage. change from 2 star to 1 star. this phone does not work compared to most phones

So far this phone is ok.  I've had it for about 3 months and it freezes up pretty often which gets annoying.  I'm not too bummed about it since the price is so much lower than other smart phones.  Would still recommend to others needing a smartphone but don't have $500 to blow.Update: I am changing my review from 3 stars to 2 stars.  This phone is just plain old ridiculous.  The lag time is unlike any other phone I've ever seen. The phone constantly freezes and needs to be rebooted.  Hundreds of my text messages go unsent and unrecieved.  Tmobile doesn't care at all.  I know this is a "cheaper" smart phone, but for almost 200 bucks I expect to at least be able to text people and when it says "sent" to know that it actually did SEND.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!

Pros:Cheaper than iPhone.Call quality - not spectacular, but it usually works.Pretty good camera.No contract. Unlimited voice, text, and data with a prepaid T-Mobile plan.Cons:Sluggish keyboard response, especially in Facebook and text messaging. Often have to tap a button or text window several times before it responds.Unacceptably slow internet unless you are in an area with a strong 4G signal. Even when connected to wi-fi it will often wait 30 seconds then give a "Lost connection" message while my iPod Touch right next to it quickly loads the same page.Comes preloaded with more than twenty applications that you don't want, will never use, and can't uninstall. As long as you own this phone it is going to keep nagging you to update these applications that you didn't want in the first place.Summary:I regret buying this phone. For me, the disadvantages far outweigh the advantages. I will wait until the iPhone 5 comes out, bite the bullet and spend the extra money, then get rid of this thing on eBay for whatever I can get.Update 6/4/2012: I have now had this phone for almost two months and there are continuous problems:1. The phone reboots at random.2. The screen often locks up, forcing the user to reboot.3. Very slow internet and facebook with the screen stuck on the "Loading" icon for minutes (or forever). This occurs even when there is a good wi-fi connection.4. And the worst - failed text messages. Google "tmobile text failed" to see all the problems that people are having with this phone. When trying to send a text message, it comes back with a "Failed" error message. Sometimes it may work after several retries. Other times it never sends. Or worse, sometimes it does send, but gives you the "failed" message anyway. So you keep trying to send and the other person receives multiple copies.Changing from two stars to one star. I wish I could return this thing. I'm afraid it's too late now, but I am unlikely to ever buy another T-Mobile, Android, or Samsung phone after this bad experience.

Bought this phone a month ago from Amazon. It is a good starter smart phone, functions parallel to the apple phone and other competitors in the market. The upside is the affordable price. The lowside is the not to bright screen but acceptable.I opted for the no contract, prepaid TMobile service. The network service is so far is acceptable. Warning though, to users of TMobile refill cards let the store where you bought the card do the refill job, do not do it at home via online or yourself. You will have error messages like the card no. is not acceptable, problem with the card etcDo not buy your refill cards in small stores like the TMobile branch in Queens Mall, Queens, New York if you live in New York City. If there is a problem with the card they could not fix it. Buy your refill cards in big, authorized TMobile outlets.5x Samsung Exhibit 2 II 4G SGH-T679 Premium Clear LCD Screen Protector Cover Guard Shield Protective Film Kit (5 Pieces)

Correction on original comment:On 12/3/12, T-Mobile sent me two replacement handsets. Writing to the Customer Relation Department with relevant documentation was not a wast of time but effective. But, make sure you have sufficient documentation such as package tracking information in such exceptional situation. Although I would still recommend improvement in their software update quality and customer service department to streamline communication and processing of customer issues such that I would not have lost the use of my newly bought phone for more than four months with lots of frustration. I now changed the rating from 1 to 3.-----------------------I think I have the social responsibility to report my experience to potential customers:1. I purchased a new Samsung Exhibit II Smart Phone from Amazon.com for about $200 and it worked fine until a software update pushed to my handset by your company. The software update rendered the handset frozen, unusable. Therefore, if you do own a smart phone tied to T-Mobile, beware of the poor software quality pushed into your phone..2. I called technical support and the representative asked me to send in the handset for a replacement to: 4500 Cambridge Rd, Fort Worth TX, 76155. I sent in the handset via UPS according to the instructions with the order number posted outside and inside the shipping box.3. UPS delivered the handset promptly. Tracking information shows that the package was delivered to the dock of warehouse 07/12/2012 10:00 A.M.4. But, the replacement handset was not shipped to me within 7 business days as promised by the representative who asked me to send in the broken handset. After several calls to the Customer Representative Department and about one month later, the warehouse sent me email saying that no record was found in receiving my handset such that the replacement handset order cannot be fulfilled.5. After even more phone calls to the Customer Service, a supervisor who was relatively fair and honest and confirmed that UPS did deliver the handset to the warehouse. He cancelled the old handset replacement order and created a new order.6. Unfortunately, the order still could not be fulfilled for some unknown reasons. Again, after many phone calls after phone calls, the representatives could not help but asked me to verify that I did send in the handset. Finally, I asked UPS to give me additional proof of delivery. UPS performed an extra procedure called Package Investigation. UPS confirmed that the package was delivered with the name of the person receiving the package in the warehouse.7. As of today, the order was not honored but cancelled automatically by T-Mobile system.Most of the customer representatives I talked to seemed courteous but could not actually be helpful practically. In fact, they could not even keep their promises to call me back when they said they would after their investigation. Therefore, I had to explain the whole story when I called again but connected to another customer representative in the T-Mobile Call Center. Writing to the T-Mobile Customer Relation was also a waste of time. They simply ignored my letter. I think this company calculates that it is more profitable to provide poor customer server or even illegal business practice in certain cases such as replacing a smart phone broken by software update pushed into their customers' phones. After all, T-Mobile is a big company and its management is playing "Catch Me if You Can" game.

The biggest pro is the price.Cons:It lacks processing powerBloat ware takes up much of the memoryMany apps wont run on this phoneThe WiFi calling sucks... It echos like crazy. If you lose wifi signal while talking, the call is dropped. (This &#34;feature&#34; can be turned off)The camera is terrible.The price is good though so If you don't need all the latest apps or use the camera much, this phone might be for you. It is great for checking email.

Let me begin by stating that I am very pleased, overall. This phone is quite the money-saver, really. Its $200 price-tag really sets the bar for phone companies to deliver quality goods at affordable and reasonable prices. The $30/month plan goes perfectly with this phone and I am looking forward to paying for it. 2-day prime shipping was AWESOME! Immediately after opening the box, I set up my Google account and played around with the phone for a while. It was easy to set up and is easily managed and user-friendly.A few things that I noticed that might be a small annoyance are as follows: slightly unresponsive lock screen, no haptic feedback when typing (however, the camera feature has a haptic feature), pre-installed and unremovable apps/games, lack of ambient light sensor function, poor Wifi connection, and a few other small things.However, many of the features are highly commendable, such as the easy set-up, great screen, lightweight physique, pre-installed apps for video chat and wifi calling, etc.For the $200, this phone is DEFINITELY worth it, especially for those seeking to avoid a 2-year contract. This phone is not only great for the price, but actually great.P.S. - I suggest getting some screen protectors and an SD card. The phone has a few gigs of built-in memory, but an SD card will definitely come in handy, such as the 16GB microSD found here on Amazon.

I've never liked cell phones. I avoided getting one for the longest time until I finally had a job that required being on call. My first phone was a basic TracFone, then I used two different Platinum Tel phones (including a touchscreen), and most recently I used an android phone from Chinavasion. All of these functioned fine but were merely that, practical devices that worked.Having become a T-mobile user with my previous phone, I began searching for something better that I could use my sim card with. Happily, high reviews led me to the Samsung Exhibit II.With this phone, I'm finally seeing what other smartphone users have long known: using a great phone is fun! Searching through thousands of applications, seamlessly checking email and messaging, or simply tinkering with the wallpaper backgrounds, I'm hooked!Overall, it's fast, slick, and just feels good in the hands. I'm glad I made the $200 plunge.

This is my second swipe phone. I do not like that the settings on the screen do not STAY lit or that it is so hard to connect toa blue tooth. The phone has applications that are not necessary that I do not use and therefore I am stuck using applications forgames that just don't go away.I find this phone to be not a worthwhile purchase since even the Techie at the Mall had to spend far too much time just trying to set up the Bluetooth and keep the screen lit.One thing I do not like is that this phone actually TOOK my husbands contacts and added him to the phone. My husband was NOT at home and 15 miles away. The contacts were freshly added one at a time and was not on my sim. I am not certain why the security of this phone is compromised. Even the Techie at the mall was shocked to learn this. We were grabbing other peoples contact lists as we included their phone numbers. That is SCAREY.

This is a great quality phone with a decent screen size.  I was initially afraid it might be a bit too small.  I went from a 3.2 inch screen to a 3.7 in screen.  Who knew half an inch would make all the difference! Although a 4 inch screen would be nice, I think this screen size is perfect.  Not too small.  It fits great in the hand.Text Messaging is buggy.  If you text more than 1 page of text, it gives you an error.  Looks like a lot of people have this problem.  I've searched countless forums about it.  The only way around it is downloading a different messaging app.  The only annoyance is that I can set the new app as my default, but I can't change the icon on the dock to go to my app.  The dock icon just goes back to the default messenger.  There are apps that change your phone screen and it allows you to customize your dock, but I haven't found one that I like yet.Yes, the phone does come with A LOT of bloatware.  I read about this before I purchased the phone.  I read many forums and a group finally made the process easy.  I am definitely new to the whole rooting process.  I wanted to root my old Android phone but it seemed so complicated so I never went through with it.  For this phone, there are some smarties out there that made the whole process so simple!  Very few and simple steps.  Download 2 files (USB drivers and the actual Rooting file), set phone to USB debugging, plug it in, execute rooting and you're done!  Install titanium back up app, back up all apps (Just in case you delete the wrong one!), delete the apps that are not needed (List provided by the genius root people).  SO EASY!  I was a little hesitant in rooting because I was a newbie, but it's super easy and simple.  The phone works just fine without rooting.  It didn't lag or drain the battery.  I went a whole day with moderate use during my work hours and heavy use on wifi when I got home.  I still had some juice left the next morning.  I only rooted the phone because all the extra apps annoyed me.  I didn't want pages and pages of apps that I don't use.I'm still under contract with t-mobile but I wanted a newer smart phone. I had an old T-Mobile MyTouch.  The very first version of the MyTouch line. I wanted to upgrade to a bigger and gingerbread android phone but I didn't want to be tied to a 2 year data plan.  This is a great alternative to very pricy unlocked phones.  Plus, when my contract is up, I can switch to the prepaid plan.  I don't need data because I'm usually at home or at work where wifi is available so it's great that I could buy this phone, stick in my sim and I'm good to go. The only issue is that if you don't have a data plan you can't send picture messages.  I have read this is an issue with Android and/or T-mobile.  It doesn't bother me too much because I don't usually picture messageRegarding that other reviewer that said the phone can't get network calls or texts while on wifi, I don't know what's wrong with their phone but mine works great.  I was hesitant to buy the phone because of that review.  I'm glad I believed it to be a fluke and bought the phones anyway. Network calls DO work with wifi on.  There's absolutely no reason it shouldn't.  T-mobile told that person the wrong information!This phone is definitely slippery as other have said.  The full body skin helped with that (Offered as a bundle from Amazon).  Installation was SUPER easy.  I like the soapy water method because it's more forgiving when you place it down crooked.  Now I'm just waiting for my case from ebay.Overall it's a zippy phone (even before rooting), way faster than my ancient MyTouch running on Froyo.  Very few lags and no "force closes."  It has the perfect screen size and customizing is so easy.  Battery life is great (I was afraid it would be like other smart phones where you charge every 12-15 hours).  I am still heavily playing around with it, downloading and customizing, but I would say that I could probably get 2-3 days of regular use.  For now, it's what I need for a price I can afford.  This is a great phone!

I hate this phone with all my heart. It is gonna kill me soon. The touch screen is so slow and so hard to use. It won't react to your taps or slides. It is a terrible phone. Not just the awful touch screen but also the phone it self. Like when you tap on the applications option, it takes a while to open the applications. and meanwhile you keep tapping on the applications, so suddenly the screen changes to the applications then  instead of tapping "application" you actually tap on one of the applications in the menu. then  it takes forever to go back from there. It's impossible to play games, it's so slow and so weak and keeps shutting down or restarting on it's own. Even making calls, the call's drop all the time for no reason. at least once you need to restart the phone to get reception and make calls. Using skype is also impossible with this thing. The problems started with the 1st month. I went to t-mobile at 5th month, and they did not even check the phone. they just said I should restore to factory settings. Which I did but it didn't change a thing. I hate t-mobile and I hate samsung. never ever gonna buy any of their product ever again!

I'm still trying to figure out some features like how to add more than just a phone number & a name. And why can't I add a full name? Seems like the space is limited.

I bought this phone because it had WiFi Tethering. It was so easy to setup and I was using my ipad instantly. This phone is very user friendly. Anybody can use this phone, it is a smartphone that is not as smart as the user!!!

This is a budget friendly mobile phone with great internet speed. However, when I am in the sunlight I cannot see the screen.

i love this phone.... EXCEPT, the texting.. IT sucks. I text ALOT and 9 out of 10 text DO NOT go out.. I must re send.. and re send.. Its frustrating.. plus the reception is AWFUL. (but, that might be my area?? )Plus it used to vibrate at random times. I had to turn off ALL vibration notifications. I have had to do a factory reset. due to the fact the voicemail notice would NOT go away.. overall, this is a great phone however the texting sucks..

This phone works just as described. Super fast 4G but the only negative is that it does not accept my 32GB storage card but I have my 2GB card from my old phone working. It also has not been able to connect to the computer. Other than these two, it is a great phone with super fast internet. It works well with Simple Mobile as well as T-Moblie. I recommend this phone.

PRO:*Perfect size: not too big to be cumbersome, not too small to squint at.*Speedy: even with the bloatware, as long as you never use it...*Easy to Root: with either ZergRush or SuperOneClick.CON:*Battery: I'm conservative for the most part. But if you're using Wi-Fi to surf the web, have some tunes cranked to about 7, and have lowest brightness on, you can still drive it down to 10% in about 6 hours.*Bloatware: AND HOW. Still trying to see what's safe to kill off.I haven't activated it yet, so I can't tell you much about T-Mobile's service on this phone, but from the signal it's getting(for emergency calls), it's better than AT&T; in some of my most common places(Columbia, SC and surrounding area)I'll be sure to update this review with signal tests and my opinion of the service.UPDATE 02/09/12: SimpleWiiController is probably the only app I could not get working... Which is a shame. A Wii Remote makes play Sonic CD so much easier.UPDATE 02/22/12: I've activated the phone on 2/17/12. T-Mobile's coverage is a little under par at home, floating around 2 bars. At school, I have full strength. Haven't had it drop down to EDGE except down Hwy 1 near Lexington, SC last Saturday. The speeds I can't really complain about, the highest I've tested with Ookla's SpeedTest.net app was 5.73 Mbps. The max data rate this phone can handle over HSPA is 14.4 Mbps, so I'll keep testing to see if there's improvement.Can't speak much to call quality because:1.It's not what I bought the phone for2. I don't speak much on the phone.The 7 minutes I've spent so far though sounded much better than my old phone(LG Prime on AT&T;), almost as good as my older Verizon phone(Samsung Intensity).

THIS IS A GREAT PHONE AND  IT IS VERY CUTE. MY DAUGHTER LOVES IT, COULD NOT ASK FOR ANYTHING MORE.

Its performance is excelent. It is incredible as fast it could work. Good investment for low price. Samsumg is Samsumg

And I'm not going to rewrite what other people have already said about the specs on this phone. I'll just tell you a few of the wonderful things this phone has: we were lost in Fernandina Beach on Saturday and I tapped the microphone and spoke the address of our destination into google (right on the home screen). The phone gave us a map and directions and we arrived with no issues. I didn't even have to go to the GPS or anything, it was smooth and flawless. I also love the swype texting and the fact that I can have a mobile hot spot anywhere I am without having to root the phone, it comes pre-installed!The reason why I gave it 4 stars is because of two issues I'm having (and I am willing to admit that they may be inexperienced-user caused):- when I tap the window to respond to a text message, the phone frequently does not respond, I move my finger left to right, right to left, double tap... etc, at some point the keyboard comes up, but it is annoying.- my google voice and groove ip calls don't relly go through. I am able to call or to receive calls but, there is dead silence on both ends.If anybody has any suggestions on this please let me know. Also want to ask what kind of screen protectors or cases have you tried and liked?  I bought the "extreme" but didn't like how hard they were  to apply.Thanks for any input you can give me.Edit May 12, 2012Well I've now had the phone for 6 months. I've read most of the frustrating as well as the happy reviews, and I will give you my current day appraisal. I still think that for under $200 this is the best deal out there. I tried the $30 100 mins/5 GB plan from Tmobile for a couple of months, but got very frustrated with trying to get free minutes with Skype, google voice (groove ip) and vonage, for me there was never a good enough connection so the plan flopped due to lack of minutes. I have moved my service over to Straight Talk, where for $45 you get unlimited voice, text, and approx 2 GB of web access, which is more than enough as long as you're not trying to run your laptop through your phone.  i downloaded go SMS pro to use instead of the native texting app, as I was also having the failed text problems.  i always make sure my screen is clean, it easily becomes unresponsive when there's dust, sweat or greasy fingertip marks on it, as far as the screen loosing the brightness, I realized that when I inadvertently swipe my finger from left to right (or viceversa) on the very top panel (where the notifications and battery/time icons are) I actually can dim or brighten up the display. There is also a setting you can change where the display automatically dims down when you reach a certain level of battery life... You can change this to your own liking under settings/power saving mode. For a while I was having an issue with the phone vibrating nonstop until I would have to take the battery out. This all stopped when I was not constantly connected to wifi.  All and all I feel satisfied with this phone. Would I like a galaxy S2? Sure I would.... Would I be willing to pay $600 out of pocket or sign a 2 yr agreement in order to end up paying about $1300 for that phone ( if you do the math, over a 24 month period, if you're giving Tmobile $80 or 90 per month instead of the $45 I'm payin to straight talk)??? Not in a million years, so I get around the few issues the phone has, which in my opinion are not many.

+ves :* Can root very easily.* voice calls sound OK when the glitch is not happening.Here are my problems.* Sometimes, the phone plays media over the ear-piece.* call volume changes automatically!* the phone response is sluggish sometimes.* resets once in a while when an application is opened.* Basically the behavior of the phone changes even without being asked! Very annoying!* talkatone is not reliable at all.

BUYER BEWARE0 STARS ... THE LAST TIME I WILL EVERY BUY A SAMSUNG PRODUCT!This phone has broken down (internally) twice since I've had it. The last time it was a power problem. I shipped the phone back and they reshipped it back to me without a battery. You will have better luck seeing a unicorn than getting Samsung to help you with your problem. They have indian call centers that escalate your problem. The "escalation" just places you on hold for 2 hours until they hang up on you.I will NEVER buy another Samsung product again!

This phone is stupid don't waste your money or time.... I bought this phone around Christmas and got my first one but it would stop the music every time.... So playing music is a bother.... And every time I open an app it would crash so I sent that one back.... And then got my second one and that one just kept over heating getting to a temperature of 120 degrees and also if it gets to hot it stops charging so means that my phone wouldn't be charging that much before it stoppedcharging and finally I got my third one and it was ok except the battery only lasts about 5 hours even when I'm not using it.... So DONT GET THIS PHONE IT WILL REALLY GET UNDER YOUR SKIN

THIS PHONE GAVE ME 2 YEARS OF QUALITY SERVICE UNTIL LAST YEAR WHEN IT STARTED ACTING UP. THE GPS LOOSES SIGNAL A LOT OF TIMES, THE CARMELA DOES NOT WORK THE GREATEST, AND THE BATTERY RUNS OUT VERY QUICKLY. OVERALL IT WAS A GOOD BARGAIN FOR THE COST.

I've had this phone for two months now and I like it a lot. Considering the price, this is one of the best deals out there. That is what warrants the 5 stars I am giving it. However, in an absolute sense it is not as good as some of the other phones out there. So I will focus on some things that are not so good. This is not to put the phone down, because obviously I am giving it 5 stars when considering the "bang for your buck" factor. It is to give a more realistic assessment of the performance regardless of the price.The main issue is that the phone can get quite laggy. Switching screens can take up to a few seconds sometimes. I have tried different launchers besides the Samsung one and they all have this issue. I often manually clear the memory, and this seems to help. However, often I actually have to restart the phone. Note that these issues can arise even when I am using just standard applications like messaging and the contact list. This does not seem to be an issue with the higher end phones, for instance my brother's Galaxy SII.The battery life is not very good. I have to charge at least once per day, most of the times even more frequently. Some of the more advanced features are particularly battery draining. This includes GPS, Wifi, and video calling (using skype). Especially GPS takes a lot of energy and the phone gets very hot after some time. I definitely recommend buying a car charger if you will be using this feature frequently and make sure to turn off GPS when you are done.The wifi connection gets dropped periodically. I used my laptop on the same network and have no problems, so I believe that it is a problem with the phone and not the network. It usually reconnect right away so it is not such a big issue. However, if you are wifi calling (as I have to do since my office gets bad reception), your call will be dropped.The bloatware is annoying. However, I was able to root the phone and remove unwanted programs without any major issues using just basic computer skills. A good thing about this phone is that even though rooting technically voids the warranty, it is cheap enough to take that risk.The power button is right across the volume buttons. When I touch the power button (which is often since it unsleeps the phone), there is a good chance that I will also inadvertently press the volume button. Not a huge issue, but a little annoying.But all in all, I am very happy and glad that I saved a lot of money for a decent phone without contract.Edit:Another minor issue is that certain portions at the fringes of the screen are not so sensitive to the touch. For texting, sometimes I have to press the screen several times to get the keyboard to come up. Again, not a major problem but it can get annoying. Especially when I am trying to text and drive...just kidding.

Bought this phone as a starter smart phone and so far it has lived up to that. the only downside is the battery life is not that great. my old "dumb" phone had a much better battery life but i guess that is because it did less than what this phone does. happy with the speed and touch reaction. wish the text querty keys were a little larger but love the size of the numbers when dialing the phone. overall, definitely glad i bought this phone and would buy again. now t-mobile customer service, that's another story!

I'am very happy with this phone. I use it as hotspot. I like all its fonctions. It's what I needed.

Purchased this phone to replace my old Samsung Behold phone. This is my first day impression:Pros: Good price for the phone. Most android phones cost over $200 and this one is below that, it came with all the Google apps you need. The 3.7" screen is a reasonable size. One of the Samsung smartphones that actually comes with a flash and a front facing camera. SD card is located at a very convenience location. Customizable in many different ways. And Wi-fi calling is very cool.Cons: Built quality is OK. Lighter than what I expected and lacks the premium feel to it. Screen resolution is not as good as other phone but it does the job. 3MP camera is so out of date. Speakers could be a bit louder. Battery life doesn't last that long. Too much bloatwares that you don't need, and some of them don't really work (even after updates). Experience performance lag from time to time. And no additional accessories (such as SD card or earpieces) are included.

As others have commented this is an excellent piece of hardware that just needs some minor tweeks to be the best android deal going.Background...I was previously paying $40/month for a LG Optimus V (A very basic android phone) with Virgin mobile and I was reasonably satisfied, however the phone was ancient technology and the internet was very slow. I have been yearning for some modern phone hardware, but I will not pay more than $40/ month.Up until now this has left me out of luck.Here's what I did...-Purchased Samsung Exhibit II 4G and activated on T-mobile (100min 5GB $30). I did not port my number.-Installed the Line2 app and had my number ported to Line2. It costs $9.95/month and it gives you unlimited calling. You can configure Android to use this as your default calling and texting app. It runs in the background all the time, but doesn't kill the battery.-Rooted the phone and installed a ROM free of bloatware. The phone does come with a lot of useless apps. The process took 5 minutes. The hardest part was finding USB drivers from Samsung. I ended up using the drivers for a different Samsung handset.[...]Heres what I ended up with...-Unlimited calling, texting and 5 GB of really fast 4G for $39.95/month. In Portland I'm getting 6 mbps in my living room. It is theoretically capable of 21 mbps but who knows.Where I came up short...-Line2 calling isn't quite cellular quality, but not terrible. It does seem reliable and it works on other platforms like Mac or iPad which is neat. It also can email you your voicemail. I'm not a huge talker so this is fine. For me its all about the web browsing.-I wish the phone had more buttons, but I can live with this.Who knows how long T-Mobile will have this deal or be in business at all? But for now its the best Android deal out there!

It Freezes up, works sporadically, total fail.  Sorry I bought it.  A new one might have worked better, admittedly.  Fail.

This phone looks good, is easy to use, but within the first 24 hours the screen froze and I couldn't turn the power off. Had to pop out the battery to restart it. This continued once or twice a day for the next 6 days. Also, within those 6 days, the phone shut down and restarted on it's own while I was in the middle of applications. I should have done my research and checked out other reviews (who said the same thing) before I made my purchase.

After having the item for 4 days, I must profess myself quite satisfied so far.I am coming from US Cellular voice-only subscription and couldn't abide what they wanted to charge for data plans; I just want the ability to make occasional calls and also have moderate access to the internet while travelling, so I don't need thousands of minutes of voice plus an added $50 or something for data.  This phone and $30/100 min TMobile plan seemed to fit the bill for me at the right price.  I had some apprehension about whether I'd be able to utilize this plan with this phone (didn't get it at Walmart, etc.) but I had exactly zero issues signing up for this plan online.  It took me about 4 mins between opening the TMobile website and having an active phone in my hand, and I have been happily surfing and downloading ever since.  After reading the various reviews, my other main concern was about battery life.  So far I have experienced about a 30% discharge per day with modest usage (download a few apps, some Pandora, a phone call or two, browse a few web pages), so by that measure a single charge should last me about 3 days or so.  Presumably longer if it was just on standby most of the time.  A friend of mine wth an iPhone says he has to recharge his about every three days so my experience seems typical, and quite satisfactory to me.  I am careful to turn off the GPS and the BlueTooth unless I'm specifically using them, but otherwise I don't feel like I have to be constantly watching the battery and husbanding my usage for fear of running out.  I just sequestered all the bloatware on the home pages in a folder and haven't felt the need to try rooting the thing to get rid of this stuff, as it doesn't seem to be shortening the battery life or anything.I have experienced a noticeable reduction in voice quality with this phone/plan vs. what I had with USCellular, but I don't know if it's just differences in coverage or what.  The voice quality is acceptable, not great, which is why I'm not giving 5 stars.  Other than that, I find this a most excellent combination of smartphone and data plan, although never having been a smartphone user before now, I may be easiliy impressed.

This phone is fantastic.  I would highly recommend this phone for most people including teenagers as I had purchased for my teenager who absolutely loves it:)

I havn't had this phone for even 2 weeks and it's not usable.  It beeps constantly and says scanning over and over again.  I have to turn it off.  Checking sites, other people are having this problem and there is no solution except to return it. Going to send this back.

Why? Because finally a phone that is less than $200 yet can do everything I want WITHOUT expensive monthly plan. Kudo to t-mobile and Samsung! Here are my must have and Exhibit II 4G delivers:1) less than $2002) Decent 3M camera with LED flash, mp4 video (would be nice if video is 16x9 format)3) Enough internal memory, expendable via microSD4) Good LCD, very good screen resolution that you don't see pixel lines5) 1GHz processor6) Capacitive touch screen7) Gingerbread OS8) Front camera for skype9) Works with prepaid plan10) screen size 3.7" is perfect for pocket11) microUSB interface12) wifi13) Thin and good look14) decent battery life (provided you turn off all the unnecessary functions)

Previously, I had a Moto xt720. I paid close to $500. Up to now with upgraded firmware, it has numerous glitches. I sold it. I decided to find another android phone but not so expensive. Also, any type of iphone was out of my price range.This was a great buy for $200. I have been hunting for a long time for a cheap but usable Android phone (i.e at least 1 ghz). The only options before this for the Galaxy S and HTC HD2 (I only go with HTC and Samsung) which were over my head in price. To be honest, I really didnt care for a powerful phone as my ipod touch 4th gen does the job for apps quite fine.I got a Tmobile sim card but is no use as I live in the caribbean and just unlocked it anyway for $25Pros:-The screen is comparable to the iphone's retina display and it is 3.7" which is a plus. Touch screen is quite responsive except for small buttons sometimes.-Battery life is more than a day. (moderate wifi and calls connected to 2g only)(no 3g available here)-Camera is quite fine for random pictures, barcode scanner etc and includes a handy LED flash.-Includes a power saving mode which can be enabled at set battery percentages.-As usual, all the quality features of Android 2.3. (Hope to upgrade to cyanogenmod 9 or official 4.0 in the future)Cons:-The power/sleep button is on the right side of the phone. This can take some getting used to.For $200, you just cant go wrong

This was a fairly priced good phone that worked as advertised. It was a good starter android phone. The screen is small, but it worked well for the price

This is the most expensive piece of junk that I have purchased from Amazon. I've had it less than a month and it's broken already. It's never been dropped or abused since I've had it and it worked fine until the end of last week. Now when I go to hang up a call the phone key pad disappears and there's no way to hang up so I end up leaving one of those annoying long voice mails with just background noise. Even when it worked properly I wasn't real impressed with it anyway. It's built and feels very cheap (cheesy) like something you would win in one of those crane machines. I think the over rating from the other purchasers is due to the fact that they aren't really comparing this phone to other phones in the same price range.

I've researched many phones and I wanted the one that will be the best bang for my buck .. No need to look further this is the phone combined with the $30 unlimited text/web , nothing can beat this and oh yea its 4g also.But to make it clear , the $30 unlimited plan .. DOES NOT need to be bought from walmart/T-Mobile .. I bought mine here .I've looked every where for a clear answer but I always received mixed answers so am making it clear here . Just be sure to activate online .. I'm not sure if it works over the phone also .the battery is ok .. most android phones battery aren't that great but this one lasts me a day easily with moderate use.I haven't experienced any lag mainly because the specs are rather the same as a top notch phone of its era .Yes there's tons of bloatware but rooting it allows you to get rid of that very easily .I wish the camera was at least a 5mp but for the price 3.2mp with flash is decent enough and gets the job done.It takes getting used to using the keyboard (probably just me because I come from using physical keyboard phones) but after a while its not an issueOverall I'm very happy with this phone and does everything I need it to do .. 100 minutes for the plan I have isn't a lot but using groove IP and google voice fixes that issue . Also with the $30 4G plan its hard to compete against that :]

This has to be the worst of all Samsung cellphones.  This phone cannot handle a lot of apps.  and i freezes at the drop of a dime.  the phone cuts off by itself and you won't even know the phone is not on.  I would not recommend this phone for anybody.

Phone is a piece of junk buy an older top of the line phone and don't waste your money on this phone. Locks up a lot, always changing screen brightness on it's own.

Here is the shortened executive summary of the review below: BUY. THIS. PHONE. The more I use it the more I like it, and the more I wonder how I ever did w/o a smartphone, even with no actual data plan, i.e. just using wifi. It is an incredible value.I've never had any particular urge to start using a smartphone, mainly because of the exorbitant cost of data plans. My wife has an iphone 4 that has proven to be quite useful, but we never would have purchased it if not heavily subsidized by her employer. The process of purchasing the Exhibit II actually started when I began thinking about a samsung galaxy player to use as a music player and portable game machine. At some point I realized that I could use the phone w/ my T-mobile pay-as-you-go minutes, and that the phone has pretty much all of the other features the galaxy player has, at about the same price. Basically I use the exhibit II as a wifi device plus pay-as-you-go phone, w/o any data plan at all. I had no trouble using the pre-paid sim card that I already had in my bottom-of-the-line dumb phone. The lack of network access aside from wifi isn't really that limiting, given the number of public places w/ free wifi these days, not to mention home and work, where I spend a lot of my time. The T-mobile wifi calling capability is a bonus, since both my home and workplace (I work inside a big metal building) have pretty poor reception from t-mobile's cell network. In case you're wondering, T-mobile wifi calling isn't free, it seems to just get charged as normal voice minutes. Another bonus is being able to use an IM client to send text messages, which saves the cost of SMS messages ($0.10 for both send and receive). The bottom line is that I'm very happy w/ my purchase of the Exhibit II. Here are some random points:Visually I think the Exhibit II is very attractive. Of course this is purely subjective. I read one review that claimed the phone looked "cheap" because it had no logo on the front, which I certainly don't agree with. In my opinion the phone has understated styling that I like. It has clean lines and an uncluttered appearance, and subtly curved sides and corners that are nice to look at and feel in the hand and make the phone easy to slip into and out of my pocket. I also like the color scheme, which is deep blue on the bottom and sides, with a polished graphite look on the top. The overall width and height is about the same as the iphone 4, and the exhibit II has a slightly larger screen. Honestly I think the iphone looks kind of clunky next to the exhibit II.I happen to like the standard music player that comes with the phone, but of course if you don't, there are many alternatives on the android market. I had no problem connecting the phone to my computer thru usb and syncing my music library onto the microsdhc card I installed (I purchased an 8GB class 10 card from Microcenter for $9). Of course all the usual games and other apps are available thru the market as well.I've seen a review that complained about the screen brightness in full daylight. I set the brightness at about 30%, at which setting the screen is usable in bright sunlight, but a bit difficult to see w/ the sun reflecting off the surface. I also saw a review criticizing the maximum viewing angle, which I don't understand at all. I have no complaint about this characteristic whatsoever. I can view the screen at sharper angles than I can actually see information on the screen.I haven't really had much chance to use the GPS, but at least in my house, the Exhibit II's GPS locks on more reliably than my Asus Transformer tablet.For me, battery life is more than adequate. I typically play music on the way to and from work (maybe 50 minutes total), keep both the wifi and bluetooth on all day, and run the google talk IM app in the background. My kids have been playing games on it for maybe 1/2 hour per day. I haven't seen the charge go to less than about 40% at the end of the day under these conditions. The charge rate also seems reasonable to me. I charged it from 40% to fully charged in somewhat less than two hours.Of course the phone runs android, which you may or may not like. I happen to like it a lot. I find the iphone interface to be kind of confusing and gimmicky, but I have pretty limited exposure to it, and this opinion is also obviously subjective as well.T-mobile wifi calling is adequate at best, and the cost is the same as voice minutes over the cell network ($0.10/min for pay-as-you-go). I would recommend using an app like Sipdroid (CSipSimple is another) with a pay-as-you-go voip service like callwithus as much as possible. The cost with callwithus is about $0.01/min, in other words 10x less. The setup is simple, connections are reliable (so far), and the call quality in my experience is significantly better than the T-mobile wifi calling. If you're really cheap and a bit ambitious, you can get totally free wifi calls with google voice, but I have not tried that as of yet, and I'm not sure how practical it would be w/ wifi-only use.As I said, I'm very happy with the Exhibit II. If I have one niggling complaint, it's that the charger doesn't have the built-in usb cable that many chargers have, so there is an extra usb cable that needs to be lugged around if you're going to use that connectivity on the run. Other than that, it's really all good and I don't think I could have made a better choice.

I just want to replace my basic cell phone, but I don't want to be hooked up to monthly plans, the most important things I needed are just voice and wi-fi functions. This phone has both so I bought it. Not so good: the camera is so-so, pictures are not so good and not very easy to use, and the battery life is not very impressive - I need to recharge every night. But given at $200 you probably can't ask for more.

I loved this phone. I recently upgraded to a HTC my Touch 4G but I miss my Exhibit. This phone is so dependable. I have thrown this phone several times and it has been dropped more times than I can count. It has also been dropped in water ( I mean literaly submerged) in the tub and NOTHING on that phone quit working. This was my first Droid phone and  I would recommend it to anyone. My co worker had a LG and when it was dropped in water her camera quit working, but on the Exhibit, no issues. The only complaint is that T-Mobile needs a little better coverage but other than that, I loved the phone it's self. It was so easy to use that my 5 year old daughter had her on app page and could change the settings herself to adjust to her games. Excellent phone

The phone has frozen at least 7-10 times a day without any reason. Very slow. I played Candy Crush and it's in slow motion. Unable to swipe on some of the areas on the screen.  Screen time out too fast even though I changed the time. It really makes you mad while you are using it for important thing and it freezes on you.

I graduated from a simple trac phone to this phone a couple weeks ago. I'm still learning learning about it, but am very impressed with what it does. I'm not sure if it's a phone that does computer things or a computer that also has a phone.  It's more than what I need but I'll manage. No need to upgrade after you buy this. Nice photos also. Well worth the money.

Good phone.  No issues so far after more than one year of usage.Not as powerful as a modern phones and this gets the job done.  Basically email, texting, web browsing.I set it up on a t-mobile network family plan ( without data plan) and work flawlessly.  Just using WIFI for network connectivity.It comes with a lot of junk apps.. so I rooted and replaced with custom rom.

Works fine, not sure if it is the provider or the phone, but must be turned off occasionally for best use.  touch screen is not very sensitive.

I initially  bought a Samsung Gravity Smart from T-Mobile and within a day or two realized I had made a big mistake. The Gravity Smart ran the battery down with light use in about 5-6 hours and even though I installed just a few apps, was giving me " Out of Memory" messages.  I checked the T-Mobile support forum and saw complaint after complaint regarding these same two issues from Gravity Smart Owners.I brought the Gravity Smart back to T-mobile ( had to pay the $50 restocking fee) and swapped it for a Samsung Exhibit ll  4G.  The difference is dramatic. I can use the Exhibit ll all day and still have battery left, and the phone has tons of memory, so I have been able to installed many Apps with no problems at all. It has 4G, a fast processor, and all the bells and whistles one would ever need in my opinion. I bought some E books and have been reading them on the phone, and it is wonderful. I would highly recommend the Exhibit 4G.

This phone is not unlocked as may think it is. I called T-Mobile and it does not help to unlock. The same with Samsung. They say since they cannot verify the ownership of the phone they do not help to unlock it. They send back to Amazon. What a mess!!! I thought I was buying an unlocked phone. Too bad for me...

I've had this phone for about six months. I would have to say that, overall, I'm disappointed. The biggest problem is the lack of responsiveness. Here are some issues.1. When inputting pass code, there is sometimes a long delay between the time you press a key and when the number appears on the screen. As a result, I often find myself having to re-enter the pass code three or four times.2. There is occasionally a long delay before the app icons appear on the screen. (I've never timed this, but I'd say there may be a delay as long as 15~20 seconds. Doesn't sound terrible, but it's a pain when you have to wait.)3. Frequently, the screen takes a long time to switch from horizontal to vertical orientation (and vice versa). In fact, I sometimes have to move the phone back and forth many times before it will switch.4. On several occasions, the phone will not dial out. I have to restart it, which takes a few minutes.I live with the imperfections because one cannot expect the best phones with prepaid plans. I guess those of us that want to save a few bucks on a monthly plan, have to live with second-rate products------------------I've now had the phone about a year. The problems remain, and are even more frustrating. I really dislike the phone, but I'm too cheap to get another phone after spending almost $200 on this less than a year ago. I definitely would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I got my phone a day before the expected due date. I was really glad I did because I needed it. When I opened the box I was a bit surprised because the exhibit 2 was black and the ones before I had were blue. It seemed to be a better upgraded exhibit 2! It is a bit faster and has a non slip feature around the face of the phone. Bonus I actually got Samsung earphones in the box! (Every time I got a phone, it was just the phone and charger)Very happy and would buy again!

Do not buy this phone. I would rather have a cheap 20 dollar phone, than this pile of dung. It is the slowest smartphone there is. The design is horrible. The camera sucks. Don't even think about recording anything. The sound is terrible. Don't waste your money on this. Samsung should be embarrassed to have ever put this cheap phone out. I repeat, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

Phone got here rather quickly.  Phone service was working by simply transferring the T-mobile SIM card from old phone to new phone.  Charge the battery, power on.  Done.

Got this phone to replace an Iphone 3GS. Decided to get a TMobile phone so that I can take advantage of the 4G service since Iphone is only capable of Edge web service and it's pretty slow but does the job. Anyways my complaints are that it's very buggy, the apps shut down suddenly, has good standby battery life but other than that drains very fast during use. The touchscreen is sometimes slow to respond and it freezes constantly. I hate the droid emoticons, they scare me, those ugly booger looking things! Also I came to notice that T-mobile smartphones come with a lot of bloatware, apps that come pre-installed & I can't delete eventhough I have no use for them, which sucks very badly, shame on you T-Mobile. And the good...........hmmmmmmm.........well I like the navigation system & it's shock resistant, dropped it a couple of times and it's still intact. :)

Don't even do it to your self. I have wanted to punch this phone in the face on more than one occasion. Considering this is my first Amazon review in over ten years of being a customer, that should tell you something.

I purchased this phone on Thanksgiving Black Friday @ a T-Mobile Store... I got the insurance for free I just lost it a couple of days ago... Guess What they are sending me another one and is arriving 2dayyyyy... Nice Huh..? I know wellll first of all this phone is compatible with every APP on the Android Market... ONE WORD TO DESCRIBE THIS PHONE IS "EXCELLENT"... THE ONLY THING THAT I DID NOT LIKE BUT I DON'T MIND IS THE VIDEO RECORDING... THE SOUND QUALITY IN A CONCERT SUCKS BUT OTHER THAN THAT THIS PHONE IS "EXCELLENT"...

I bought each of my parents an exhibit 2 and so far we have had to return each phone twice: one bad battery, one with a software freeze from an update from tmobile that bricked the phone, the other 2 had screen failures that went black. nothing but problems with this phone. Does not feature swype, the touch screen has lag and the 4g is slow in areas where other tmobile phones get good network reception. i would strongly recommend against this phonr.

I loved this phone and the walmart plan. But for some reason my Google Voice setup using Google Voice Callback and csipsimple calls were all being deducted from my 100 minutes.I have been using these apps for years on my G1 with no problems and have re-installed them many times when setting my G1 back to factory defaults to clean it up.Im sure I had all the programs setup and configured correctly. Any ideas why this was happening?

Good for many services n apps...did not have any problem downloading apps n programs. The price was also great. Enjoyed it.

After first 6 months, the phone constantly freezes and needs to be rebooted.  I wish I had spent more money to get a better phone.

The phone is really good for the price point. However there are three things that are annoying with the phone that other people do not comment on. One is that the text messaging does not work that comes with the phone and you have to download a separate app to make it work properly. The other annoyance is that the phone freezes and resets once in a while. I've read that you can root the phone and after uninstalling the T-Mobile apps the second problem will go away. Lastly 512mb isnt that much memory and unless you know how to clean the memory it may run slow.That said the phone is really great. It is small. I've clocked downloads on T-Mobile as fast as 6-8 megabits per second (depends on where you live). Very customizable and functional.  Knowing what I do know now, I would still get the phone as it does get the job done once you download the right apps.I'm sure other apps can solve the problems. These are the ones that I use: go sms pro, Advanced task killer and start up cleaner.

Bought this phone for my 12 year old son. Was not sure it was going to do the trick, but it has :) Very happy with our purchase.

I bought this phone a month ago and I love it!  It has all the functions you'd expect from an Android device.  I especially love the Wifi and the free GPS!  After playing around with it for a while I have noticed that the phone can sometimes slow down or even freeze if you put it under too much stress.  Sometimes, quickly backing out of a game while a few other programs are running will freeze the device.  Also, the touch buttons on the bottom of the phone sometimes get in the way of games.  I often find myself accidentally pressing the home button and exiting out of a game that I was playing.Overall, if you're okay with running just medium-end games and only a few programs at once then this phone is absolutely great!

I bought this phone to replace my Sony cell phone.  It arrived on time.  I took the SIM card out from the Sony and inserted into it.  It works perfectly without any problem.  The manual is easy to understand.  I can connect to the Internet via the Wi-fi.  The size is small enough to fit in the pocket and the screen is big enough to surf the Internet.  It is also light-weighted.  Great phone with great price.  Highly recommended to anybody who needs a smartphone.

I bought this phone to sign up with T-Mobile Monthly-4G $30 plan (unlimited data, text and 100 minutes talk). The T-Mobile plan is great, if I am rating T-Mobile plan I will give it 5-star. However this is about the phone itself, it's just OK in my opinion. Some Pros and ConsPros:(1) It is running Android, there are about half million apps in the Android Market, the first 2 I downloaded are PDANet for tethering and Talkatone for free IP calling, both work.(2) The phone has a powerful processor which makes all the applications run fast.(3) The price is quite affordable compared to other Android 4G smartphonesCons:(1) The battery life is horrible, for a fully charged phone, the battery will only last about 24 hours. I rarely have more than 5 applications running at the same time and the phone screen is off 90% of the times.(2) For some reason I can not pair the phone with my blue tooth headset, ironically my headset is also a Samsung. I don't have problem pairing the same headset with my iPhone.(3) One minor problem with the default email program, it does not seem to support Yahoo email. I simply download Yahoo Mail App from Android market

This phone was slow to responses.Also it kept crashing and trying to restart. I would have to shut it off and restart it about twice a day.

I normally don't write reviews, but this phone is so horrible I must. I was led astray by the various glowing reviews I had seen here, and needed to replace my horrible Motorola Defy, and this seemed like the perfect fit. Unfortunately, this new phone is almost worst than the Defy was. It freezes ALL THE TIME, and like some of the other reviews have pointed out, is horribly unresponsive. I thought mine was defective, but after reading some of the recent reviews, realize that all the screens must be bad. The texting IS horrible, and lags so much. Not only that, but the back button sometimes doesn't take you to the main messaging screen, it takes you to another chat window with another person! Push back again, and another person! I get so frustrated texting, and sometimes, to text once, it'll take a good minute or so JUST to get to the text box. Ridiculous. I also have to constantly take out my battery because the phone keeps freezing. Just now, it wouldn't even let me take a phone call! Phone kept ringing like it was possessed, but only a blank screen. Sometimes, I just feel like throwing it against the wall and smashing it to pieces, it frustrates me so much. This phone deserves ZERO stars. Be a smart consumer and STAY AWAY. I sure wish I had.

I like my new phone, is not the best in the world but is usefull for what I need .

I bought this phone at W*****t because I wanted the $30 unlimited text and data with as little hassle as possible.  While I am new to T-Mobile, I've been researching this phone for the month before my purchase and seems to be a decent phone for the price.  The 1 GHz processor (though only single core) and the LED flash are good features.  Though not an IPhone 4 or a premium android, also not over $500.  The phone seems speedy enough for me coming from a messaging phone.  It may not qualify for the ICS update, but it is still an excellent starter phone.  Just make sure you buy a case to protect the phone.  Even with the textured back side, it is a slippery phone.

great phone, worked for 3 days and then i started to have texting issues, called t-mobile like 10 different times to fix it but they couldnt help me so i returned it for a new one thinking the new one would work but it still had the same problems i couldnt receive text messages but i could send them. i love the phone but without texting it made it a 1 star phone. dont buy it if you like receiving texts.

This was a much needed upgrade from an old t-mobile myTouch 3G that would reset all the time and drop every call. The price point for this phone is amazing for what you get. Just as an internet portal it is worth the money. Its a very nice looking phone as well. It won't wow people but that's not why most would want it. I enjoy android devices and this is no exception.Edit: phone stopped working after the first day and will not turn on even with charger attached.Got a different charger to fix the issue.

This is a nice phone to have.  I like everything about this phone except one thing...the switch for on/off button.  It's a good phone to own if you use prepaid or day-by-day plan.

I've had this phone for almost a year now. It is my first smart phone. Even though it is my first...I felt that this device could have done better. This phone LAGS a lot. When I first took it out of the box it took very long to boot up, also it came with a lot of T-mobile bloatware. The phone would freeze sometimes, or start up by itself. Also when I play games on it, this phone takes the fun away because of the lag. When I tap on some apps it doesn't even load or it crashes. The battery life SUCKS!!! I've taken it to school fully charged and by the afternoon the phone would...just die. The battery has horrible stand-by time.  I guess this phone is okay for those who don't do heavy usage with their phones such as checking e-mail, gaming, etc. If you like gaming, watching videos, going on the internet, or just like heavy usage, then this phone ISN'T for you.I know I said I wouldn't recommend this phone, but if you want to try it out here's some tips if you plan on buying this phone!- Buy an extra battery or two. (In case your phone dies on you when you don't have a charger around, you can have an extra battery ready to pop in.)- Don't install many apps on this phone. (It will increase the lag!!!)- Don't run multiple apps in the background. (It will cause your phone to freeze!!!)

I switched over from my blackberry which has a broken track pad, and this item is great for the price. It is fast and works without an issue, and for the lower price it does not disappoint. I have no other experience with an android phone, but I don't regret switching from blackberry to this phone in the slightest. If you want to spend less and still get a good product, I highly recommend this phone.

Lets be honest, the 1 star reviewers have to have something wrong with them to rate this phone one star.This phone and plan is amazing ($30 100 minutes). You get the phone and simply go on tmobile.com to activate it. No walmart or anything. It simple. I get 4g ALL The time, and its so fast.Honestly I cant think of any cons except for the battery life. I usually charge it overnight then I have to charge it in the evening. But all in all this phone is great.And did I mention i rooted it? Got rid of all the useless apps. Speed is niceewaiting for the CM 9 to be released!

The phone works great, came in box and wrapped up like new.  For some reason, though, there were a few personal pictures in the phone's Gallery.  Nothing obscene or anything, but finding selfies in your 'new' phone is a little strange.Either way, deleted them and moved on.  Couldn't be happier with the phone, and the delivery was prompt.

just got my phones yesterday, ordered 2 phones and used with my $50 unlimited plan, phone is great. android is good, market place, Love it, fast , upgraded from a unlocked iphone 3gs, wont go back,would recommend it.

Bought it back in 12/10/2011Right when i got it, had a live chat with tmobile to have it unlocked so i can use at&t;then rooted it using zerg rush method.really like it when it works.. there is maybe 5 to 10% of the time where it would have a small glitch here or there.for most part it's great, and worth the money buying.Battery life is good, last about 2 days with a full charge.I do recommend getting this if you need a simple phone, or a phone that can browse / get online.as long as your not a heavy user, you'll find everything you need on this phone.

This is a review of T-Mobile, the carrier for this phone. STAY AWAY!! They are not ready for prime time. Horrible signal in my house, I called them, they are so nice, so confident--"we can get this fixed, no problem!" Then, nothing. They don't fix it. I call them back, same deal, nice people, oh, we're so sorry, sir, I'll submit this to engineering and we'll get to the bottom of it . . . and nothing. Finally, just today, a T-Mobile rep told me, sorry, dude, that's as good as it's gonna get. They stretched me out for two months, we can fix this, we can fix this . . . we can't fix this. Too bad, because I really wanted to like them. And I do like them . . . except for the fact that I can't make a phone call on their service.

The galaxy has a lot of good features, but has frozen up on me 3 times in 3 weeks even though I have done everything properly such as re booting phone every 2 days, controlling my apps, scanning phone for virus's and optimal settings, etc.

I believe this is a good phone for a person who is not a heavy phone user such as myself. I have noticed there is a little lag with the auto rotation in text, but that is not a big deal. I really enjoy the resolution, good amount of pixels over a 3.7'' screen equals crisp and beautiful screen. I am a little concerned however that the memory may not be the greatest due to all the bloatware. They are putting the same amount of bloatware on this thing as they do on the Samsung Galaxy S2!! I think I might freeze the apps if I have the guts to possibly put the device in risk....Overall brilliant phone, it is good-looking and I hope that it is durable. I would not say the build was the best...seems very plastic-based.

I'm still using this phone. I like the features of a smart phone, but have the ability to make prepaid plans. This phone has served me well.

I purchased this phone near June last year and it was working perfectly for 6-7 months an then the battery just started to drain, even if the battery was full it would shut down and i would need the charger to turn it back on! i would not recommend you buy this!

Its a great phone. The price is good and its well worth it. i had the phone for 3 days and i can't get enough of it. Internet is fast, everything looks nice, you do have alot of apps already installed on the phone but they don't bother me. The cam is good with flash but without it, if could be better. I didn't like the gallery that was for the phone so i found a better 1 on the android market :) so i would tell anybody to buy this phone. & make sure you buy a nice case for it.

I have gotten this phone as a gift from my hausband. It is perfect and sweet for checking emails, facebook,GPS and free internet calls. But the problem is its battery. In fact , it doesn't work more than 3 hours and if it is o.k with you ,just go and buy it.

As with my Android tablet, I fell in love with this Android phone. Before I purchased it, I did some research into whether or not I could still use the phone if I had a monthly contract. And I could. All I had to do was call T-Mobile and tell them that I no longer needed a Blackberry data plan and needed their Android one.Pro's:-It's easily rootable. All one has to do is download some drivers for your computer, some app's, and voila. You're done. In fact, rooting your device is encouraged by many in the Android community; unlike those who own iOS devices (Apple actually frowns upon people who do so).-Plenty of apps that you would find on Apple's devices, you can easily find on Android. For example, Siri. Instead, we Android users have something called Iris.-Unlike Apple products, this Android phone actually has a flash for its' camera. Since I take plenty of pictures, I expect my camera's to have flash.Con's:The one thing that really bothers me about this phone is that I couldn't hear people text me when I had the phone locked. With my Blackberry, it would make a noise. It's not a big gripe since I was able to find an app on the Market that took care of this for me. It's called Handcent SMS in case anyone is interested.Otherwise, this phone is perfect!

I got this phone for my first smartphone because that's what all the reviews I read for it said. I read a lot of reviews and I agree with that. After  a while I started having to make sure that I turned it off and back on every now and then so as to refresh the memory because I left it on for several days and it got extremely slow. Now I've had it for a few months sometimes it doesn't it doesn't have the fastest response speed but it still gets the job done just fine. $200 seems like a lot of money but that's not bad for paying full price compared to other smartphones that are lots more. Why spend $800 on an unlocked iPhone or similar when it doesn't do that much more than this one? What really matters is where you get service and how strong that coverage is, which depends on your provider much more than it does the phone.

Excellent phone..just a word of cautious.. when making calls using Wifi it uses your mobile minutes. I tried applications like GrooveIP and others they do no work well

The phone itself is pretty good, but my main problem is that it is very slow. it likes to randomly freeze and restart, even if im not using it. the apps are fine for the most part, but using the internet is just too slow. also, the phone heats up when the data is on.i rooted the phone to remove the bloatware to see if that would help, it did, a very little, but still helped. i've had the phone for 2 months now (since july 10th) and it is just way too slow to deal with it. i just bought the samsung galaxy s3, so i'm hoping that will be better.

I was looking for a non contract cell.... i have bought 5 on this last year.. ...they broke or non function properly..I was told is because i am in prepaid....So i buy this just to get by until i sign a contract.This cell is so good ... have more apps that I know how to use... i am very happy, good pictures, good sound, I  still in prepaid..fast web, I recommend it.good purchase

Love this phone!  Easy to use and all apps I have loaded have worked flawlessly!  This phone was a hell of a value when you compare its features and benefits as compared to other more expensive models!  You needn't look further than this phone!

I got this phone last year when my previous non-Android phone was starting to die. This phone is crap. It requires way to much effort to get it work, and even when it "works", that "working" period only lasts something like a month or so before it starts having problems like freezing/locking, crashing random applications (clock app, google app, messaging app - what's the use of a phone if those things don't work?). There's problems with it too like the lock screen clock shows a different time from the one in the corner on the menu/status bar. I think I and my boyfriend have tried all these different loads on the phone (ice cream sandwich, peach sunrise, etc.) with the phone only getting worse over time rather than better. System clears and cache clears don't seem to do anything useful. I'm tired of constantly trying to fix this phone and hoping that maybe this time it'll work better. What a disappointment this has been.

I wanted to get the $30 Prepaid Plan (100min+unlimitied text&web)but the sim card that I got didnt include that sim card...But the other stuffs are quite good.^^ ....''with a lot of bloatware...really i had that feeling others had....so i rooted my phone safely :) Now I have more capable memories and with no sd card....I ordered the 16GB card :)...I wish there was a sd card...Anyway!! I love my phone~

Who needs and iPhone when you can have the Samsung Exhibit? The child working at T-Mobile might push for (warn) you to get the higher tier Samsung with up to date hardware, but DO NOT. The Exhibit has taken the revolutionary step to replace advanced phone hardware with chicken McNuggets. Save yourself some pocket change and settle for this incredible* phone!The Samsung Exhibit, although much cheaper, is much more advanced than other smartphones in the market. It has a "don't drive and text" and a "don't drive and talk" feature where the phone will crash every time you try to do either. Best part is you can't turn off this feature, so you will never be tempted. Calling and texting people will simply just not work, even if you're not driving! What about when there an emergency, you say? They thought of that. Facebook and twitter work just fine under any situation, so hash tag away!Another neat feature is the data saving. It takes unlimited data in a whole new direction! I'm not exactly sure how it works, but I believe the browser runs on a randomized timer where the browser crashes no matter what you're doing. This makes sure you never reach the data cap on your plan. On top of that, sometimes the screen won't even turn back on after a crash - thus also saving you on power!For you jokers and class-clowns out there, if you like going all out on a gag gift this phone is perfect. When you hand your friend (or victim lol!) the Samsung Exhibit, they'll be all like "wow, a phone! Thanks!" Then they'll try to make a call and hahahaha they can't! The phone will freeze in the middle of the call and they won't be able to press end! Then they realize this phone is just a fancy chicken McNugget with a demo for Bejeweled 2 you can't uninstall. Haha! You got hit by the Prankenstein!My 2 years owning this phone in summary:PROS: helps separate you from other humans by confining your communications to only Facebook, twitter, and reblogging things on tumblr.CONS: this is by definition barely a phone.---------*this phone is not incredible. It's the worst piece of technology I have ever had.

The Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G was my first smartphone.  I used it for about a year before my needs (use it for my work) outgrew it's capabilities and I upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy Note II, which I LOVE.  I was maxing out the storage capacity with apps and photos on the Exhibit 4G, even though I used an SD card, it started getting a little glitchy and needing me to frequently clear cache, etc.  So, I gave the Exhibit to my 13 yr old daughter who appreciates the front facing camera and is satisfied with it for texting and social apps, watching video, etc., all on Wi-Fi, as she has no data plan.  Then, it got stolen from her and because it offers a lot for the price, we replaced it with the same phone (purchased on Amazon).  I sure am glad I didn't spend more for her phone because she has since dropped it and cracked the screen.  Fortunately, the crack isn't that bad and the phone still works great. While it was mine, I appreciated the excellent speaker phone and call quality.

This was my first real smartphone, and boy has it given me troubles. It's cheap and can be a prepaid phone, and can function on just wi-fi/no data plan, but these are pretty much the best features about this phone. My friend has the exact same phone and has been having the same problems as I have and here they are:-The phone sends multiples of the same text message to you over and over again sometimes. I've gotten like 8 of the same message in a row before, and it's just extremely annoying.-The phone freezes on you pretty much every day, I have to restart it manually, and sometimes it turns off by itself.-The timer in the clock section doesn't display how many minutes you have left after you exit the app and go onto another one. It does still ring in time, but you can't see how many minutes you have left.-You can't send a text message when you have a message coming in, it's really slow.-Sometimes the keyboard doesn't function (you are typing words but it doesn't show up on your screen)-There isn't a zoom feature in the camera app.This phone has given me frustration everyday, and I advise you to either save your money and spend it on something better like the galaxy or the iphone. I definitely wouldn't buy another one if given the choice.

This is NOT an S4 for those who are looking for fast responses and great data processing, but it does the job as expected and provides a relatively smart phone with wifi for close to the $100 mark.

I am a loyal t-mobile customer. I was one year into my unbelievably inexpensive renewed contract when my phone died. Let me go back and say that the reason my monthly contract is so cheap is because I opted to pay full price for phones to roll the savings into my bill. Anyway, instead of looking to buy a cheap used replacement phone, I looked at prepaid options. Amazon had the cheapest deals. I ordered the Samsung Exhibit II. When it arrived, I stuck my sim card in (instead of the prepaid sim), turned it on and started using it immediately. I was blown away by all the features. Wi-Fi calling is the best. I had mediocre signal strength with my previous phone, but when using my home internet I never drop calls. Using the Wi-Fi at home also saves on data, even though I have unlimited data. My only complaint is the amount of bloatware that came installed on the phone. It takes up a substantial amount of space. What I did was purchase a 32gb micro sd card and saved all of my downloads to the card. I also purchased a tpu gel skin case for the phone through Amazon. It offers excellent protection without bulk. Another feature I enjoy is the front facing camera. I skype with family using the camera and my home internet for free! Overall, this is a fantastic phone. I've owned it for a month and it has worked flawlessly.

Bought this phone for my son as a compromise for the Iphone and he loves it. I am personally not phone savvy, but he says it has just as many features as the Iphone.

I loved this phone for the first 5 weeks...until the battery overheated and killed the phone. I can't charge it or use it...so now looking for a replacement battery. Lame.

I bought this phone because it had pretty good reviews and I needed a new phone relatively cheap. When I first got it ran smoothly and did everything I needed it to. Now, I've had it roughly 3 months and it moves insanely slow. Whenever I tap on an app or any icon I can expect about a 5-7 second delay before said app opens. Also, the keyboard likes to crash sometimes and force close itself. I guess you get what you pay for.

This is a really good phone.  I love the screen.  The colors and very vibrant.  It's much easier to see and read emails.  It does not take a long time to get into any application.  If I could change anything it would only be the zoom.  I haven't found one yet.

Not too big and works well after I had it unlocked.  Although this is sold &#34;without contract&#34; that does not mean that it is an unlocked phone.  I was going to return it to the supplier because it was locked, but spent the extra money to have it unlocked because I am in Costa Rica.  A good phone, but be sure what you are buying..

I received my phone just two days ago and I was debating when I should port my Virgin Mobile number to T-mobile.The day I received it, I played around with it, surfed the web over my wi-fi, downloaded the facebook app and explored the phone's features.The next day, I was so eager to try out the phone. I decided to go to the T-Mobile store and activate it there and the guy who works there helped me port over my Virgin Mobile number. I took out the Exhibit and I turned it out but it didn't turn out! I was like WHAT?!?! I kept saying in my head, "Please,please, no, no, no, NO!"It's bricked! They salesman tried to switching the battery and plugging it in to the charger that they had in the store but no, the phone still did not want to boot-up!I've been saving for months for this phone and only to feel disappointed.I am so furious right now.

Best phone I had compared to Optimus v, Optimus SLIDER and I help others learn and get the most out of their Android phones so I know how Galaxy 1 and 2 function also. The Exhibit2 is everything reviewers are saying here except.... if want a good camera get a real camera with little shutterlag. If you want stereo sound and good bass from a music player that lasts I would get a creative labs player. Those are the biggest flaws this phone has. The camera and speakers (even with excellent headphones) is just decent. However this phone is really fast with T-mobiles $30 5gb plan on their 4g network. It has only frozen a couple of times and restarted itself and am a very heavy 24 hour user as I work nights and am up raising my kids during the day. I run tons of apps and have not rooted the phone and it functions seamlessly. You don't really need to pay more for minutes if you get apps like text+ and line 2. $10 will give you 500+ min and unlimited respectively. I haven't found a better deal than that and am an ex virgin mobile customer. My calls don't drop anymore and am on wifi and 4g all the time. Not 3g or 2 but 4g. The one flaw I found yesterday was that the exhibit is not MHL compatible and already had purchased the adapter at eBay. IF ANYONE KNOWS OF A WAY TO CONNECT THIS PHONE TO BE MIRRORED THROUGH THE TV PLEASE POST IT HERE. THANKS!!!

Thought I was smart enough for a smart phone so I got this one;  I could not figure out how to activate it and could not get any technical help I could understand; guess I was too old and not tech savvy enough.  Bought a prepaid verizon pantech and was able to use it immediately and it was a lot cheaper; also does just about everything I need; Maybe it was me and not the phone!

I've had this phone for over a year, it works good and has a great sharp screen. It doesn't have much horse power at only 512MB of Ram and a 1.0 single-core processor, and it struggles to have more than one or two apps running at a time. At times it freezes and you have to force-close some apps. That being said though, it does work quite well for most situations.It has a really good clear speaker, I'm actually really impressed and how great it sounds while playing music. The voice quality is good, not great. If you're not much of a techie or power user, this is a good phone at a fair price. If you're looking for something that can handle a lot of apps, and that is really responsive, I'd look for at least a dual-core phone with 1GB of RAM.I should note that I did root this phone and put a custom rom on it, so that may have caused some of my responsiveness issues. You can root this phone and get the latest version of android on it, but stock you're stuck with android 2.3.

I purchased the phone for my daughter's birthday and she loves it.  Easy to configure and works well with Simple Mobile.  No problems thus far.  Shipped quickly.

This phone is slow, narcoleptic, and apparently haunted. It takes forever to open anything or even make a call. It's like it gets stuck and has to think about it each time you press a button. I assume the processor is just really cheap and bad. It also randomly shuts itself off at inopportune times, so I have to check on it every 30 min or so if I'm expecting a call to make sure it hasn't gone to sleep. It also just randomly starts programs, like when I click on &#34;messaging&#34; and it opens my camera. It is supposedly 4G but is way slower to load internet than my girlfriends iPhone with 3G. Worst investment ever.

I love it so much, I bought my wife one for Christmas.  She is going to tackle the transition when my daughter comes by for New Years Day.

Its worth $200, and does what it says..It dosent come close to any of the top end smart phones butif you're looking for a budget smartphone or want to make it your first, this one's the right choicefor you. I would recommend buying external storage as there memory fills up fast and slows down thephone.The only problem I have is that the screen is barely visible on a bright sunny day. I would have to takeit to the shade to use my phone..

It is a wonderful phone and lives up to my expectations with the exception of it being a little smaller than I expected.

A good, workable smart phone.  Good value.  The camera is a bit weak and the time delay between pressing the button and the picture being taken is quite long.  This means that any action shots result in a bit of a blur. Trying to get a decent picture of a three year old is tough.  Screen sensitivity is sometimes a bit unpredictable.  However, all of this was known prior to purchase.

Maybe I got a defective one, but I just returned this phone because no one could ever understand me when I talked on it.  Other people sounded very clear, but when I talked, they said it sounded like a foreign language no matter how I held the phone and even after troubleshooting.  I will give them one more chance since this doesn't seem to be a common problem.

Avoid this phone and manufacturer! I bought this phone three months ago in March 2013. The battery suddenly will not hold a charge beyond 6 hours. Note that I am a light phone user...mostly a few texts a day and a few phone calls. I will use it to check email maybe 3-4 times a week. Nothing running in the background, all auxillary applications turned off. The battery should not suddenly start discharging for 100% to 15% in 6 hours. So no problem I think...battery has a one year warranty, I will just have them send a new one. Went to a T-Mobile dealer, and they said they will order me a "free" battery", but with a $20 shipping charge. NO THANKS! Contacted the Amazon seller SHOPCELLDEALS, and no help there....so won't be using them again! Contacted Samsung, and they want me to ship them the battery, they will analyze it, then decide if they will be shipping me (at my cost) a new one. My guess is that after they fiddle-fart around with this, I will have approximately two weeks without a phone. My beef is that the phone is three months old, not three years old. I should NOT be having battery issues so early in the game. I guarantee I WILL NOT be doing business with Samsung again!

this is my first touch screen. im getting the used to it. im really enjoying this. the only the screen is very sensitive.

I switch from my Nokia Astound to this phone.  This phone is amazing, the android store is awesome, and the phone runs nice.  I also love how light weight it feels, to me that is a plus.  This phone is just amazing for the price.

Hi,I was looking for an Android phone that's not to expensive. I once had a SE neo pro with separate keyboard (there are only a few). But the battery was exhausted very quick so I gave it back.Then I found this one surfing the T-mobile site for a new plan. Samsung is also a favorite brand and at the first view it seems to have everything that I like / need:- not too big (3,7") but very good res of 800x480- nice appearance- expandale memory (up to 32 GB)So I decided to buy it with the monthly plan for $30 with 100min talk and rest unlimited.I like this phone very much but there are some things to mention.- You can't get this phone / plan in a T-mobile shop. They treated me not like a customer. When I stepped into the shop it took them a while to realise that a customer is there (there was nobody else). Then they just said I can order it only online. Also the SIM card. So I ordered the SIM card at T-mobile online and the phone at Amazon bc it cost $249 at T-mobile (one day later ist was $349!).But what I didn't know was that the SIM card is included in the package. This is not mentioned here!!! (Fortunately the SIM card is only $2.49 + tax or so)- The battery is exhausted also within a day even if I do not play surf or text (much) and the brightness is as low as possible. GPS and WiFi is turned off. I can't believe it. But it seems that I have to get used to it. My "stupid" phones only need to be charged once a week!- sometimes it is slow (ie playing angry birds or writing a text) although I only run one or two apps. Is the single core from Qualcomm so slow? Or as there an update running?- I assumed that 4G is faster. But it may depend on where I am. (ie. in a building with thick walls...)- Tethering: Not working with the monthly plan (100min voice, unlimited text, unlimited data (up to 5GB with 4G). This said the guy in a store. Or is there a possibility to use the Exhibit II as a hotspot?!Besides that it's a quite nice device to have Internet always with you and google maps, email, MP3, Cam, ...CheersHK

Indestructible phone (knock on wood)! I've been using this phone for over two years now and love it.  I would recommend this phone to any smart-phone/Android novice

I love my phone.  My husband intruduced me to the exhibit back in Thanksgiving 2011 little did he know how attached I would get to it. Up until then we had just a plain phone no bells and whisles. When I got it. I really liked it. I went to a t mobile place and was told that the screen wasnt working right. So for $20 l got a replacement. I had the replacement a month. When It fell out of my pocket when my husband was backing the car. And when I went to look for it. it was all cracked. So that was the end of my phone. I went on craigslist and I bought a Samsung exhibt 4g the first version for $80I had that for a month and even though it was a good phone. I didnt want a used phone anymore. So I sold it for $100 on craigslist. I used that money as well as a gift cert my sister gave me for amazon to buy a new phone. The Samsung Exhibit 2 4g. I am so happy to have my phone back again. I still put the old cover on it. so now I have my new phone with the old cover. Thanks Jennifer for the wonderful customer service. you are a true asset to amazon.I would recommend this phone.

Excellent product!!!, my wife needed a new phone and since she already had a pay to go plan with T mobile I decided to give her a nice gift last mother's day so I bought this phone and she is very happy with it, she's still learning about using it but she  is doing great, I've used it a couple of times and set it up was very easy and android OD is great, the touch screen is very responsive and it connects to our wi-fi network without a problem so surfing is a breeze with this phone, so far she likes it a lot and now she is asking for a data plan, well, I think it was my fault after all :D

This is my first smart phone.  It has a lot of functions and I haven't accessed them all yet.  Three things I want to mention: first, as many know and are unhappy about, the daily battery life is not very long.  I followed others advice and turned off most of the loaded applications and selected the battery saving selections found under Settings.  Still, you'll be recharging the phone every day, since I don't even use it every day or have it on all day at a time.Second, as opposed to my Samsung not-smart phone which turned on right away, the Exhibit you have to press the power button 3-4 seconds before it lights up, awkward and annoying.  Then it is a almost 30 seconds before it is booted up.Thirdly,and Most Important, right from the beginning every few days or so when I turned on the phone I would get a black field on the screen with the white-lettered phrase "RAM dump mode  Cause: Forced download", at which point I could do nothing with the phone, not even turn it off.  I would have to open it up and pull the battery, like a forced powerdown on a computer.  After reinserting I could boot up again.  No one seemed to know what this was about, so I called Samsung.  The customer rep talked me into the settings selections to find some codes.  One of them, the "kernel version" she identified as not the code for the version with which Samsung programs the phone.  The phone had arrived in a brand-new T-Mobile Samsung box and packaging, but somehow it seems the phone had been unofficially "modified".  The customer rep didn't know how this would have occurred.  Samsung e-mailed me a UPS prepaid return label and had me send it back to their service center in Texas for "re-flashing".  Samsung sent me an e-mail on January 27 notifying that they had received the phone and then sent another one on February 2 notifying that they had shipped it back to me. As I am writing this and wondering when the phone will be delivered and thinking perhaps I should hold off on this review until I've tried the phone again,I thought to check the tracking code Samsung sent me.  I just cheked the UPS tracking and it said the delivery was today, 2 hours ago, "left at front door".  I went to check and there it was!  I have booted it up.  So far so good... we'll see if the gremlin is actually gone.  I can say that Samsung customer service is excellent.

I bought this to replace my G-2 as it was going to cost too much and take too long to get my busted screen fixed. On paper this Samsung was almost identical to my G-2. In practice, this Samsung isn't fit to wipe the G-2's proverbial butt. NO comparison, the G-2 is a worlds better device in every way. This has to be the most "glitchy" device I have ever  had the displeasure of owning. I am not a Samsung fanboy and this phone provides more reasons as to why I continue to dislike the over-rated Samsung empire of mobile phones. I am constantly drawn back to them by the overwhelming masses that love their brand as well as the media coverage. And true to form, I am constantly disappointed time and time again. Buy this if you have no other choice in my Opinion. The HTC and LG phones have proved to be far more polished than the last 4 Samsung phones I have owned. Just in case someone might be wondering, T-Mobile prepaid phones are no different than their standard phones unlike AT&T and Sprints' prepaid phones.

I've had this phone for about 9 months now and I can say its a piece of crap. It turns itself off, it's always overheating, it freezes all the time. Battery life is horrible a full charge doesn't even last a full 5 hours. I'm annoyed that I even read the reviews because knowing what I know now, they are all misleading. Don't waste your money!!!

So far, Im really liking the Samsung Exhibit II, used on the T-Mobil "pay as you go" plan.. I got the phone, bought 25$ of minutes, then went in and turned off the "use packet data" feature, so I wouldn't incur the daily "data" fees normally associated with a smartphone.. Im almost always near a wifi, and use that to do all my surfing, updates and downloads.. If Im ever in a situation where I need the internet/data away from a wifi, I can quickly turn packet data on, and do what I need to do via the $1.50 unlimited data per day, that T-Mobil offers.. As for the phone itself, the only gripe I have is the battery.. Seems to only last around 8 hours before it's wanting a recharge, and I use the phone very little.. Hope to look into some apps to help that out in the near future.. The camera is also very good imo, and the led flash is also a nice perk.. Im not the most savy of smartphone users, but from my limited experience I'd recommend this phone to anyone! Especially someone like me who only uses the phone sparingly, yet wanted the technology that comes with a smartphone. Pick up a gel case and a couple screen protectors and your ready to go!!

The wife loves it. She is never off it and has never complained about it.Wish i got one for myself

I purchased this phone about a year ago... after almost 10 months of using it I was planning to get another one cause this was so bad, it was slow and sometimes (almost everyday) when someone called it just went mute no audio, couldn't hear or say anything, I had to reboot the phone so it would work again... sometimes it would crash... So a week ago I installed the update through Samsung Kies and voil&aacute;! It works sooo good... now I'm happy with it (so far) no mute calls or crashes. I would advice anyone having the same problems to update... Since it is working perfect now and has a good price.

it was better than i expected, is like new, and cover all my needs in a cellphone. Simply an excellent product.

Umm i used this phone for like 6 month now these are the poor side of this phone so far....CONS1) low internal storage2)low capacity processor ( crashes when u play games like &#34;Temple Run &#34;3)crashes every time when u play games4)No ics update will ever comes to this phone !!!!

This phone was crap from the get go s*** would turn off on its own would easily freeze up the WiFi was faster then the phone sucks id say buy the newer version the Samsung Galaxy Exhibit.

I bought this phone when my 10-month-old Samsung Galaxy Mini (purchased overseas) suddenly died. I bought it for $175 in-store at Walmart, inserted my SIM and away I went. All I can say is wow! A great phone for a great price.The pros:* Good-sized 3.7" screen with great clarity and color* Works on T-mobile's 4G network* Has T-mobile's wi-fi calling pre-installed, which means I can finally use my phone at home and at work!* Fast* Android with access to the few hundred thousand apps on the Google Play market* Looks good and not too bulky* The price - an full-featured Android smartphone for under $200 off-contractThe cons:* Screen gets a little hard to read in direct sunlight* Occasional lags when opening apps* Only a 3MP rear-facing cameraSo far I am happy with the phone and it certainly was a very good upgrade!

Do not buy. Got the Samsung screen of death, where the phone turns itself on and off continually, just months after purchase.

First the good: This phone does everything that I need it to do. The apps are terrific. The price was good. However the major flaw is the battery life. I keep my charger handy at all times. After the phone is fully charged I unplug it. Five minutes later the battery is at 97%. Five more minutes and its at 93%. Mind you the phone is not being used at all, yet the battery is rapidly losing its charge. It's terrible.I'm not exaggerating. The battery & the phone are brand new.I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone because of the battery life. I'm shopping for another phone this week.

I received this phone at the end of September 2013.#1... Install GPS software before a trip. I had no idea! Really!!! My Nokia and Motorola had them built in already.Now, the phone... Display is readable, but small. Very sluggish writing emails, means waiting for the text to appear or the keypad to respond. I really hate the Samsung keyboard and I especially hate the predictive text, which is more wrong than anything. Text editing is screwy too and they place a big honkin pointer in the way. The back plastic is flimsy, so get a case for it! The phone is easy to configure and to add apps. The camera sucks and lacks decent options. Not enough internal memory and the processor is slow, sometimes it kicks out of programs. The phone is 3G/4G... Not LTE, like some think. It did come with Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread. The touch screen itself is responsive, sometimes too much. The voice quality gets ruined by the micro processing other things, such as text or or updates or email or social updates or anti-virus software, etc... The WiFi works good. When dialing numbers, there's is a huge delay and sometimes I need to reboot the phone.2013 Oct 02 - The device definitely doesn't have enough RAM or processing power and there seem to be many bugs in the software to be fixed. When running some applications, such as Facebook or Google Chrome, the phone runs out of memory and exits the software. This happens a lot! And FB is bloated, so it will also slow the phone down considerably, sometimes to a halt. Some programs, such as FB (again) remain memory resident, so when making phone calls it will hang up and exit the phone dialer app. It's quite frustrating when this happens, since you're on the phone trying to talk to someone. Before making phone calls, flush your RAM (there's a utility for this). I was able to set up the phone as a WiFi device, but T-Mobile will not allow tethering for the internet. Oddly, my old garbage Nokia Neuron 5230 will allow internet tethering! My internet through T-Mobile is a 10 dollar a month GSM. It's slow in comparison, but gets 480kbs still. I was also able to use Bluetooth to create a tether and share files between my two laptops, tablet and this phone.2013 Oct 15 - The RAM issue IS a problem! Especially if you use Facebook, even a little. The Samsung software chews up 197MB of RAM, leaving you with 330MB in which a few apps will easily chew up (when apps chew up to 300MB, the phone runs even worse). The phone has a habit of kicking you out of apps. The BIGGEST problem by far is that it will not let you make a phone call!!! It's easier to reboot the phone than to play with it and get it to make a phone call. I don't think Samsung intended this CELL PHONE to be used as a device to make calls, otherwise, this would not be an issue. It also tries to force you to add everyone's dialed number into your contacts, which is irritating. Using the internet is very very very slow, like 2 or 3 minutes slow. Ugh!!! If anyone knows of a solution or a better replacement app, I am all ears!2014 Jun 02 - I cannot wait to get a better phone! Do not install social media, in fact try to keep your apps to a very minimum. This phone doesn't like making or receiving phone calls. I hate that the voice quality takes a back seat to everything else, so communication will suddenly stop and can take a minute. During this minute, people will hang up on you, since they think you lost contact. The contact book just totally sucks! I would like to set up a person and list all their phone numbers under them. You cannot and the name field is ONLY one field with a very limited number of characters, so you abbreviate. The LookOut AV is a pain in the Buddha and takes a long time. I'm rebooting this stupid cell phone twice a day now for two main reason; 1) It will not make a phone call unless I reboot it first. 2) The time will not advance unless I reboot. The alarm clock sometimes works. The Calendar alarm is one stupid bleep. Samsung has not updated the software since I purchased it 10 months ago. One last thing, The phone sometimes will freeze and vibrate. I have awakened several times to find it connected to my charger with a dead battery. I experience this during the day too, usually I catch it in time. The fix is to remove the battery, re-install it and reboot twice, since the first reboot usually is messed up. There are too many reasons to stay away from this phone. Save up a little more and get a dual processor with at least 1GB of user RAM (after the Mfrs software is installed). Or uninstall everything and use this just as a phone with text.

POS.  takes forever to start up. unlock screen often doesn't recognize my unlock code.  sound quality is terrible. battery lasts 10 hrs on medium usage.  It only lasts for a full day (14hrs) on exceptionally light usage.  Phone speed, responsiveness, and sound quality slows down considerably by the end of the day.  By the end of the day it can take more than 1minute to get to a contact saved in your contacts list.  If you value your time at all, do NOT buy this phone.

I have had my phone for a month and a half, and I have been very happy with it. I have had no technical problems with the phone, and it has worked flawlessly. There was a learning curve when I bought it, as it is my first Android phone. I had to research apps and install them to the phone. Everything is working fine now. I have been a T-Mobile customer for years, and I have been very happy with their cost-effective service.

This device has replaced a Samsung Intercept that was on Virgin Mobile.  With the exception of a higher monthly cost ($60 vs $25) pretty much everything else has improved.  Speed: The intercept had a Rev 0. EVDO radio and averaged between 150-250k down.  The Exhibit II has a HSPA+ 14.4Mbps radio and usually sees somewhere around 4Mbps.  This is a huge percent improvement and I'm blown away by what I was missing.  HSPA+ bridges the gab between 3G and LTE nicely.  It delivers very fast and useable speed but keeps the device from suffering from the horrible battery life that's inherent to LTE devices.  Battery: I have not done an "official" drain test but I've gone 30 hours on several occasions with about 10-15% remaining on moderate usage (well it feels moderate to me but I do a far amount of surfing, 1 hour of Pandora at the gym daily, google maps and the occasional video).  Processor:  I haven't benchmarked it and have no plans too.  Regardless its fairly quick and seems smooth even with several open apps at a time. Occasionally I'll get a little lag but it will be gone in a second or two.  I have read and agree that its due to the bloatware clogging up the RAM.  I'm planning rooting the phone in the next week or two so I can delete the fluff.  People have claimed their devices have shown marked improvement by doing so.  Still, compared to my Intercept this thing is a Ferrari.  If you're stepping up from a sub 1Ghz phone you will be pleased.  Screen: The best way to sum it up is like this, if you're stepping up from something smaller or lower in resolution you'll love it.  If you're stepping down you won't like it.  I'm stepping up from an intercept so the resolution looks 2x better, the touch accuracy improvement is somewhere in that range and the 1/2in size gain is much appreciated as well.  My friends that have 4inch + devices say they'd have a had time giving up the size but appreciate that the resolution is on par.  As for the size, it fits in hand nicely and even my buds have admitted it pockets better.  The only problem is that the backing on the device makes it kind of slippery and it feels it could be prone to dropping.  Camera: Meh. Not much to talk about here.  It has a flash which is a step up for me.  Memory:  I don't mind the storing things on a card so that usually takes care of any storage issues.  I could wish for a little more RAM but T-Mobile/Samsung would probably just fill it up with more bloatware.  I'll fix this with a root (see above).  Network:  I live and work in Chicago and I usually have great coverage/4G anywhere I go with the exception of the L underground (my work AT&T; BB Curve seems to keep its 3G connection but I lose 4G on the Exhibit).  The far suburbs is also sketchy and I sometimes lose 4G.  At $60 a month everything is unlimited except for data which is limited to 2GB at 4G then throttled.  Don't believe the Sprint commericals.  Consider my usage (1 hour of Pandora a day??? and a fair amount of surfing) and I'm only at 350mbs (officially checked on my "my-tmobile.com") with two weeks before my month is up.  If I can make this work you can.Overall I'm pleased.  Its a lot of phone of the money ($200 with no contract).  What you're giving up, Dual core, screen size and camera.  My arguments are dual core phones aren't threading (except for games) so you're not getting the "real" advantage of the second core anyways.  How many 1GHz + single core phones are out there?  That's right, none. So its basically as good as you can get in the single core market.  The screen size is a toss up.  The resolution is on par with say a 1st gen EVO so no complaints there.  Its the size that you have to think about.  3.7 makes it really easy to manipulate with one hand and it pockets nicely.  But, you're giving up about another half inch.  You gotta figure this one out for yourself.  As for the camera....its ok.  It could be 5 megapixel but what are you going to do?  What you are getting is SPEED!  If you're moving from any other pre-paid carrier you'll ask yourself how you lived without 4G.  No one comes close, period.  You can change your PRL in your Moto Triumph but you'll still measure your download in kb NOT Mbps.

they said it was a new product and it was not.  I had to take it to get a master re-set on it cause it had a password on it that we could not get passed.  It also had pictures of a little girl on it that we had to delete. They should not be allowed to sell on your site.

Love android and Samsung products are good quality regardless of price point. Had problems with the battery after a solid year of use, which I had to replace but it wasn't expensive (16 bucks). Shipping and handling was on time. I would buy from this seller again.

I didn't really buy this phone for its calling features. I wanted a low-cost, pocket-sized device for email, web browsing, and remote control applications.Music playback was expected, but not essential. After looking around, it came down to the Exhibit II and the iPod Touch. I chose the Samsung partly because I didn't want to carry around two devices (phone+web). It was a tough choice. I really like the 8GB Touch. Had Apple included 16GB on that device I might have bought it instead.The first phone I received from Amazon was defective. It would lock up after a short time. My replacement works fine. Amazon made the process easy. I had never returned items to Amazon; I'm impressed at the speed and the ease they provided. After my first Exhibit II failed I was depressed. The replacement arrived quickly, so I had only a few days to mope.If you're thinking of upgrading your prepaid "feature" phone to this T-Mobile/Samsung smartphone, you might wonder if you can use your existing by-the-minute voice plan. Yes, you can. But web access is limited to when you're near a wi-fi spot. That's how I'm doing it. I recommend shopping T-Mobile's web site as opposed to visiting a store or signing up via phone call. If you buy this phone, you'll want to open a free GMail account for the best integration.As far as the hardware goes: it's excellent. The Exhibit II is solid and comfortable to hold. Plugging in over-the-ear headphones gives loud, clear sound. The 800 by 480 display is crisp. The touch response is good. Although adequate, the earpiece (speaker) could be louder. It is hard to hear your caller in a noisy environment. When used moderately over the course of a day, this phone needs to be charged daily.Factor in time required to purge bloatware from this phone. I rooted my phone (free) and installed Titanium Backup Pro (seven dollars). One shouldn't have to do that. It takes hours to research, plus time and (small) risk in rooting the phone. It appears that rooting is easiest done via Windows computer. [Edit, 19-Apr-2012: I installed a ROM called CyanogenMod9, or CM9 to my phone. This unofficial (and beta) OS is based on Android ICS "ice cream sandwich" OS. Despite being incomplete, CM9 for the Exhibit II is very capable and feature-laden.] Although the phone has a slot for a microSD card, the package does not include one. You should definitely purchase a microSD card if you plan to install a custom ROM.I hesitate to recommend this Exhibit II to someone who doesn't want to go to the trouble of purging junk software -- look elsewhere. Now that I've eliminated bloatware, I feel very good about this phone.

Actually my daughter bought this for me, because she said that her mother should get with the time, so I am using it and love it.

Great android phone and for this price! Better than the iPhone 4! I can go up to Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich with Cyanogenmod 10!

Have had this for 7 months. Works as described. Compared to S3 it's very slow, but then for the price paid shouldn't expect too much.

I've had this Samsaung model for about two years. This is one of the first models using their earlier Android 2.1 operating system. No updates to the later 4.0 or later systems. Users can download to Android 4.1 but have to erase the entire memory bank to do so. T-Mobile is the bigger problem as this was an intro model giving initial 4G cell service, Thier map shows 4G in Colorado, but I don't get it everywhere, so their 4G service is skimpy in Northern Colorado, thus 4 star rating. Overall it does everything I needed with several additional apps, but their 4G service isn't the best for website browsing! I feel the Samsung is satisfactory and will update to a newer model soon and probably a different carrier with better 4G service!

Several things are imperfect with the software on this phone, but for the price, I can't seem to do better.

This phone might be good for a 12 year old's first phone but let me tell you this phone is very slow. I used to have the original droid that was 4 years old and hands down that is  a much better phone than this one. This phone is very slow and does not allow you to post photos to facebook. All of my pictures that I took (400+) never did save to my memory card even though i set it too. Now that I dropped my phone into water all my photos are gone. I would have rather spent twice as much to have a phone that actually worked properly. Do not buy this phone if you want a phone that is fast and has the apps you want. I am ordering the galaxy s2 which has good reviews and is still an economical phone compared to the 700$ ones.

I see this phone as a one for those of us who love the idea of having all that technology in our pockets, but just can't get ourselves to spend hundreds of dollars on a top-of-the-line phone and/or go under a two year contract when plans and deals are changing almost everyday.I upgraded myself to this phone from a T-Mobile (Huawei) Comet, which probably was the lowest spec'ed phone you could get with Android 2.2 installed on it. I used Comet for little less than a year and I got it for 160 bucks - which I thought was a good deal back then, when rest of the options available were at least twice as expensive.Comet was very slow; when I saw Exhibit II for less than 200, I knew it was time for an upgrade.Exhibit II has all the good features that you read on here - which are excellent for the price.Here are the downfalls:1. 1.0 GHz processor is really great, but it is a single core; thus, some (quite little) choppiness or loss of smoothness is observed when you are multi-tasking - insignificant downfall.2. Android 2.3 appeared to me to be less stable than 2.2, as Exhibit II did freeze a couple of times after doing updates or installs and uninstalls. Not that I'm an expert, but I'd say this is expected, because 2.3 is more extensive, more compatible, more versatile. These freeze ups could also be a cause of some on-the-poor-side hardware.. but this is totally a guess.3. Screen is great, camera is borderline good (nothing amazing).. but I'd say, the sound quality is poor, with the most obvious one being the speaker on the back of the phone. It is loud and clear, but lacks depth to the tunes it is playing - sound like cheap laptop speakers as opposed to good laptop speakers. Sad to say (for Exhibit), Comet has a much better speaker (and this is one of the reasons why I'm not throwing Comet away). In addition, I can easily say that the earpiece inside the phone is not a lower-end quality one. The sound is overall is good but just not brilliant - wouldn't expect this from Samsung.Overall, it's a great phone - fast, functional, average up-to-date technology.. but we all know how long that lasts..I would recommend this phone.

Background: I am not a techie, just a regular person. Previously owned the T-Mobile G2 for about 2 years. I just bought the Samsung Exhibit last week just to have a more up-to-date phone. I loved the slide-out keyboard and durability of the G2 (seriously I don't know how many times I dropped it and it never cracked. I was trying to decide between the Nokia Lumia 521 and this one, and ended up getting the Exhibit due to familiarity of the Android system. After a few days, I bought the Nokia due to a few issues.Samsung PROS:---Great interface---Great preloaded apps (I didn't even need to install some of the ones I was using before because the ones included were comparable)---Front-facing camera---Plastic backing made me feel uneasy, but I think it's safer in case of a drop---Small pocket-size---Sounds came through loud and clearSamsung CONS:---Grainy pictures---Back cover is a challenge to remove---EXTREMELY UNRESPONSIVE TOUCHSCREEN. My biggest issue thus far, leading me to purchase the Nokia. The screen will not register your touch or lag for minutes. And when you're trying to use the navigation in traffic, those minutes seem like hours. Having to tap the text box 5-6 times to bring up the keyboard and type messages was incredibly annoying. This is unforgivable though.Now that I have the phone, I really question all these 5-star reviews by what seems like professional reviewers...go to the Samsung site and you will see nothing but 1-star reviews of dissatisfaction. I think I'm going to keep the Nokia and send this one back.

it was my first smartphone and had alot of features that i didn't know it would have at a cheap price.

I bought this phone for my daughter because the SAR (Specific Absorption Rate) was fairly low and the $50.00 per month prepaid price was more affordable than anything else I've seen on the market for a fully loaded Smart Phone. Well, this phone has one major problem. My daughter's complaint is about the text messaging feature.  She had a Blackberry before and never had a problem sending or receiving text messages.  She's a major texter, sending/receiving between 7,000 and 8,000 texts per month.  This phone would cut off her outbound text messages if they were more than one page long and display an error message to both her and the recipient.  The rest of the text messages wouldn't go through and were completely lost. I called both T-Mobile and Samsung and they were of no help. I'm sure it's the phone and not T-Mobile since my daughter never had any problems texting with her Blackberry.I read a ton of reviews on Amazon before purchasing this phone and read only one review from a person who  experienced the same problem.  I didn't think twice about it since the other 160 something people never mentioned any problems with texting. I guess I should have listened to that one person.I sent the phone back for an exchange.  However, the new replacement phone did the exact same thing. I had to send it back for a full refund. Now I'm looking for another affordable smart phone with a low SAR but one that doesn't truncate text messages.

I am enjoying my phone (the samsung exibit II 4G) so much that when I told my daughter about it she wanted one too so, this one is for her. Hope she enjoys hers as much as I do mine.

THE PHONE WORKS  FI NE EXCEPT FOR  IT FREEZES UNEXPECTIVELY; THIS HAPPENS EVERDAY AT LEAST, TWICE A DAY.. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE .UNFORUNATELY I AM THREE AND HAIF MONTHS IN AND STUCK  AND FUSTRATED TO SAY THE LEAST.!!!!!!!!

I had recently had HSN Samsung Dart Deal and I didn't like the features not that the fact that I was paying for 4G service and the Dart was only 3G. Now with the Samsung Exhibit II 4G you can really see a huge difference. Much better Smart Phone and it's not running the old Android OS 2.2.2 Froyo like the Dart is but this one is Android OS 2.3.5 Gingerbread. Switching over to this phone was a piece of cake. Call T-mobile from the Dart and gave them the IEMI # off the box of the Exhibit II. Ended that call remove the SIM card from the DART into the EXHIBIT II. Added 16GB Class (4) MicroSD card at the same time. That's it. Excellent Smart Phone.Pro:3.7" VIS1 GHz MPU Speed512 MB RAM (3xx really free) Real over 150MB)4G SpeedsWiFi 802.11nFeaturesCon:Color of the back panelTouch Screen Lags a bit (random)Update 5.4.12I've got my Rooted and Overclocked 1024GHz over 768MHz been very stable so far. Run Adfree (kill those ads) Run other rooted apps to improve the speed and performance. Not a bad Smartphone even with the stock ROM Rooted is the best way to go. This way if you ever need to pay the T-Mobile Corporate Store a visit you can. Right now even since when this one was first release I've had it since 11/11 it's still has it's moments. Takes sharp pictures with the back camera which has a flash. I've done skype with better than I've hope. Game play is okay the screen is only 3.7" but sure better than my old dart was at 3.2".  Would be nice if T-Mobile gave us some more higher end phone choices but not to take us to the cleaners to do so.4G the phone stands out from the rest. This is a really good phone to get. Seems to be sold out a lot in Retail, so that's why I had to get it off Amazon back then.

The ExhibitII did its justice for me while I was using it. With phones like the ExhibitII I do think they need rooted to release all of the potential of such phones, but not bad.

I recently upgraded to this phone from an original motorola Droid (the one from two years ago). It goes without saying that it was a massive step up, and it was well worth the 200$.Overall look and feel: Many people have said that the phone feels cheap, but in my opinion everything feels tight and weighs what you'd expect a good average phone to weigh. I haven't felt it as being "cheap" at all. It looks gorgeous, especially for a pay as you go phone.Screen: The screen is beautiful. Fantastic colors and great response / PPI density. Also very responsive EXCEPT for the messaging app. The text input box shows up at the bottom of your screen but you have to stab at it repeatedly for it to register. This doesn't appear to be a screen problem so much as the app.Performance: This phone can run more demanding games such as Shadowgunners without much lag, but it does suffer some framerate issues when a lot happens on screen. Expect it to be able to handle most things you throw at it, but not everything.Apps: This is the phone's downfall. It came with Bejeweled and Tetris, which I thought was awesome until I discovered that they were demo versions. No big deal, right? I took advantage of a sale to get the full versions of both games, only to find that they had installed alongside the demo versions. Now I have two copies of each game sitting on my phone and I can NOT uninstall the ones that came pre-installed. This also goes for other apps such as their "welcome to your phone" app, the T-mobile app store (which just links you to the regular app store, so... why?), their awful social messaging tool (supposedly does facebook, twitter, etc, but does not have a widget or good refresh rates), TWO different e-reader apps (again... WHY?!), the More for Me app (which just advertises to you), the T-mobile TV app (which you have to pay to use), TeleNav (don't need that if you have google GPS, which also comes free on all android phones).Conclusion: This really is a fantastic phone for the price. I can't praise it's performance highly enough, but I also can't stop condemning the crappy pre-installed, uninstallable apps that they load onto it. If you really want an android phone without the contract, this is the one to get, but if you want to get rid of the pre-installed crapware, you'll have to root it, which will void your warranty.

THE phone is good, android is the maximum, but the camera has compatibility issues, and brings no zoom, and if you download a similar application, the flash does not work, ie you choose to zoom or flash, but not two, but buy a professional application are not compatible, call samsung but they say they are not responsible, that is or zoom or flash.EL celular es bueno, android es lo maximo, pero la camara tiene problemas de compatibilidad, ya que no trae zoom, y si se descarga una aplicaci&oacute;n similar, no funciona el flash, es decir usted escoge con zoom o con flash, pero no las dos, aunque compre una aplicaci&oacute;n profesional no son compatible, llame a samsung pero ellos dicen que no se hacen responsables, es decir o zoom o flash.''''''Android'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''Das Telefon ist gut, ist Android das Maximum, aber die Kamera hat Kompatibilit&auml;tsprobleme und bringt keinen Zoom, und wenn Sie ein vergleichbares Programm herunterzuladen, das Blitzger&auml;t funktioniert nicht, dh Sie w&auml;hlen, Zoom oder Blitz, aber nicht zwei, sondern kaufen eine professionelle Anwendung nicht kompatibel sind, rufen Samsung, aber sie sagen, sie sind nicht verantwortlich, das ist oder Zoom oder Blitz

This phone so far is awesome.I've only had it for a week.I have had three Blackberrys and this is my first android.Its all been good, its just a whole lot different.Its really a nice size,fits my hand well.I think Samsung makes a pretty good phone.

This is my first "smart" phone if that is the correct term for this phone. For the past almost five years I have been using the same old Nokia - which served me well. I wanted another Nokia but I also wanted Android OS, and was told by Nokia that it was not available on their phones. My Nokia was so old that I think it is like the one Elvis used. Anyway, it had a rotary dial.As I say, so far so good. The biggest drawback, as mentioned by many others, is the number of apps icons that need purging - I won't use all of them, maybe three or four. I have had a T-Mobile prepaid plan since 2007, so converting this phone to that plan was not too difficult. My Nokia SIM card was not recognized by the Samsung, for whatever reason, so I first copied my "contacts" from the Nokia SIM card to the Nokia memory. I then placed the Exhibit II SIM card(the one that came with the package) into the Nokia and copied the contact info to the new SIM card. This card was then placed into the Exhibit II and viola! It didn't recognize the existence of a SIM card.  What now?After fumbling around a bit and recalling how often I have had to reboot the set-top box for my Fios service, I said, "Aha!" I removed the battery and reinstalled it - We now have ignition. So, I signed up for another 1000 minutes on my plan and I'm good to go.One disappointment - and maybe it's just me - but I connected the Exhibit via the mini USB, to my iMac and the iMac did not recognize the device.  If anyone is knowledgeable about this connection, please advise.For now, it looks like I take the phone to work to download the necessary drivers and apps required to "root" the unwanted apps icons as directed by others on this review site.Not having had any other "smart" phone to judge this one by, I think I am going to really enjoy this phone. However, I don't text at all (not yet anyway), and I don't intend to watch movies or TV, but it might be nice to sync with my computer at home, via Evernote, once I figure out how to get it on board.Hope some of this will help others with whatever they are considering in the way of a new phone.EDIT: So far, not so good. I continue to be unable to remove the App icons.....even though I have a gmail account, I can't even download the Superoneclick App recommended here, to root it. Too much the neophyte to know whether it is the phone, me, or the prepaid T-Mobile plan, that is the source of the frustration. The next step is to beg the guys at T-Mobile for direction. So we will remain at 5 stars, for now.And, to the person, JJ, who wants my old Nokia, sorry that rotary phone sold on Creg's List for a song-and-dance.gydancer

My wife and I finally switched over to the smart phone Technology, me 4 months ago and got same phone for my wife last month.After a couple of months of reviewing and speaking to friends and family, I decided to get the Samsung Exhibit.I bought mine through T-Mobile (just under $300.00). And wish I had waited. Got the same phone (new) for 129.00 at Amazon. Very happy with this phone. Still learning how to use it. My wife likes playing games on it and just started to learn how to text.Thank you Amazon.Rudy

Phone came in great shape, it seem to have a virus of some sort, vibrating uncontrollably, would't recommend this product

The manual indicates product comes with 16GB internal memory. I can only find 1.6GB. Downloaded DiskUsage app which indicates the same. Product info on amazon site states 4GB internal memory and 512MB RAM.Customer service says to contact Samsung directly. Will update the review once I get time to contact Samsung.

This is a horrible phone.  It has so little RAM after being used up by the factory installed bloatware (about 115 - 130 free once all tasks are killed), some games like Order & Chaos won't even load.  That alone wouldn't have pushed me to write a bad review, but the phone crashes constantly (restarts on it's own) and freezes from basic use.  Playing games like Monster Park and Restaurant Story are enough to cause the phone to shut down and restart without warning.I'm pretty sure for the money there are much better phones.  It's so bad that I'm starting to think Samsung just makes junk.  I just bought the Samsung Galaxy III and waiting for it to arrive, but if it gives me any problems, it's going right back.  I don't trust Samsung at all anymore.

I purchased this because I wanted a decent smartphone without the exorbitant prices for monthly service for contract phones. That's exactly what I got. I don't talk much on the phone, and since I'm ancient, don't text:-) I really only have three complaints about this phone, which is otherwise worth every penny.The 1st complaint is that it has the older Android 2.3 OS. I have tablets with 4.0 and 4.1 and had a 3.2 before it was upgraded. There is NO comparison between these more advanced OS's and the one on this phone. I don't really mind it, but it's not nearly as useable.The 2nd complaint is the enormous amount of non-removable (without rooting) bloatware. A few of those apps are OK, but, serioiusly T-Mobile and Samsung, that's the most bloat junk I've ever seen, and I have a LOT of devices (addicted).The 3rd and most important negative is that the volume control is directly opposite the on/off button--side to side--so it's easy to turn your volume waaaay down or completely off while turning the phone on OR off. This bit me hard one day when I never heard a medical emergency phone call from my wife. This last problem is critical, but can be worked around by just paying attention to the problem.I'm not sorry I bought this phone. It is my first smartphone and without paying a lot for the phone or being tied into a contract, I now understand why folks are so crazy about them. The contract I chose is month to month and gives me all the calling and texting I'll ever need, as well as 5GB of data, which is fantastic for the price.Will I keep it? Heck, no. As soon as the new phone tsunami comes this fall and before Christmas, I will be buying the best one I can find. My wife will love this phone:-)The buying experience from Amazon was excellent, as usual...and no, I don't work for them.

The Samsung Exhibit II is a solid and attractive upgrade phone for pre-paid users. Like many, I started out using a low-end LG Optimus V on Virgin Mobile, but soon tired of the slow data and bloatware of the phone. Looking around T-Mobile's Monthly 4G plans were 5 dollars cheaper and twice the data cap (2.5GB versus 5GB before throttling kicks in). HSPA+ was also amazingly fast - at least 3x the average speed of VM's 3G. But the problem was that T-Mobile's 4G Phones are pricey, even for the up-front cost that pre-paid users expect to shell out to get to a new phone. Looking around, I discovered Amazon was selling them for much less. The reviews seemed pretty positive, so I took the plunge and was glad I did. Although many of us dream of picking up a top of the line HTC or Samsung Galaxy, this phone was a big upgrade to my older OV. A larger and higher-resolution screen, much more responsive just in terms of scrolling and launching apps, and I wasn't constantly watching my disk space when loading apps because of the generous 4GB onboard storage. I did add an 8GB MicroSD so I could easily carry around my music and videos. Overall, I'm pleased with this purchase - I just wish there were more accessory options for it like a good Otterbox case and clip, but for under USD200, you can't beat this phone as a good mid-range Android.

This phone broke after 5 months of gentle use. And cannot be returned after one month of purchase, hence it is a terrible product! DO NOT BUY!!!

I just purchased this Phone at Walmart Store a week ago. I am a T-Mobile Prepaid Customer and all what I had to do is slip in my Old Sim Card, start the phone and that is it. After that, I did a root to the phone that took me five minutes and deleted all unwanted apps and that freed much more space.I have to say that one is hardley enough time to say if this is a good or bad phone but for the price and considering what this phone has to offer, I have to say so far its working just fine.Here are few things I have noticed about this phone:1- The phone works pretty good so far, the second day when I turned on the WiFi for unknow reason it was slow to scroll from one screen and app to another, had to reboot and since then did not have that problem again. This phone is very light and cheaply made for sure, so I drop it I am sure it will shatter into pieces. Just have to be careful and find a nice case for it, if that will help.2- The first thing I tested was the 4G speed. I got a reading of 4.5 mg on the download and 2.3 on the Upload. Using the WiFi speed on the Verizon fios network was 19.68mbps download and 16 mbps upload and that clocked the phone to its max of 20. Opening web pages was fast in both tests. Remember if you do not have the 4G plan with T-Mobile then you are receiving EDGE or 2G service which is really slow and frustrating.3- The Swipe works good and so does voice to text. Some people complained about the keypad being small for texting, I really love the kepyad and how responsive and fast typing is on this phone.  Tested the GPS and it works as a charm. Scrolling between screens is fast, opening apps is fast too. You can organize your screens the way you like.4- The Camera works just fine, its not great but its not bad either.5- Battery is terrible, does not last for more than a day with normal and minimum usage. I have charger in my car and my office to keep it fully charged all the time.The bottom line is, for the price, no contract, this is so far a good phone and it does anything else that another smart phone can do. I owned a Samsung Galaxy S that I returned back because I just did not want to sign a contract, and this exibit just as good.The only way to find out about this phone is to buy it and try it out yourself, you can only decide if it is for you or not. AMAZON has a nice policy when you can return it within 30 days, walmart has a 15 days return policy...I think mine is for keeps...keep my fingers crossed.BATTERY PROBLEM: Anyone experiencing a problem with batter draining fast? I mean fast? Since Tmobile sent me an updates to the phone, my Battery started to discharge quick. I ordered new battery from amazon and the same thing is happening. Phone would not hold charge for more than 6 hours even without it being used. I have task killer, i have all apps closed but still...Anyone?

Got it at WalMart because of the $30 monthly plan (100 talk minutes, unlimited text and web)...Very nice phone, plus no contract....

The Samsung Galaxy Exhibit is a solid product, but the inability to turn-off the mobile data was a show stopper for me.  Being that I travel overseas, if you are unable to turn off the mobile data some countries charge for accessing the internet or any function that uses data, which could be expensive.

I got this phone and signed up for the tmobile $30/month for 5GB data of 4G speed, unlimited text, and 100minutes talk. The $30/month tmob prepaid plan is only for "new" activation and on "new" device. I signed up for Google voice and installed Groove Ip app ($5) to make Voip call over 4g data network (I want to use less than that 100minutes per month allowance).Prior to this phone, I had a LG Optimus T (1st generation) so this is the step up in term of speed (4g data and 1 GHZ processor) for me. Also the screen is a bit bigger and the pictures and color are lovely.The phone is capable for wifi hotspot/sharing, but I'll need to root it (/w SuperOneClick) to get around any tmob restriction regarding to wifi hotspot. I have a wifi tablet and a laptop and I can't use all that 5GB data allowance on the phone.

This was slow and choppy and I hated it. I would not buy another even if I were forced to.

I have had the phone for about a month now.  I must say that going from a "dumber" phone to this has been a life changing experience and I will never go back to a non-smart phone.  The phone itself is really quite nice, it is the perfect size (not to big, not to small) but like many have commented, very slippery! Getting a case for it is a must.  As noted, it does come with some bloatware that is preinstalled and the only way to get rid of some of the applications (like media social, etc) is to root the phone (this gives you administrative rights - for the brave just google "rooting samsung exhibit II" and you will be able to find the means to do so).Since many reviewers have described the positive aspects of the phone, I wanted to point out that not all is rosy with T-mobile's pre-paid 100min, free text, free web plan.  I was dismayed to find out that I was not able to use Google Voice as the default voicemail for the phone, nor was I able to use T-mobile's own preinstalled visual voicemail  --- I can see the business logic behind these moves (T-mobile does not want pre-paid customers to have easy ways to get around using the limited 100 minutes while checking voicemail (google voice and visual voicemail use data instead of minutes)....still, I feel that T-mobile has mislead customers (they have nothing on their website that states that going pre-paid "limits" some of the features vs. what subscribing clients have access to).Still, it's not a bad deal overall - just annoying that they treat pre-paid customers like 2nd rate clients.

This phone is wonderful.I bought it for my folks, as you know old people tend to be against technology, but they wanted to do video conferences.My parents love it, and for that price is a steal.I recommend this to everybodyThe only thing that i do not like very much is the size, I bought them stylus.

I bought this phone Jan 2013  . October 2013 running minimal apps , the phone began to exhibit ( no pun intended ) all of the worst characteristics described in myriad other 3 and 2 star reviews . Slow page loads , freezing or locking up , black screens , inability to complete calls in urban areas to name only a few . Aside from that it was almost impossible to nail down a rooting procedure that was less complicated than Newton's theory of relativity ! As if that wasn't enough it developed a behavior of turning itself off and on at will , and becoming very hot , while consuming all its battery power every 10-12 hours . Since I travel to various cities frequently this was not only unerving and frustrating , but a SERIOUS business communication handicap . I actually began to travel with an accessory battery charger and TWO spare batteries as well as the wall charger . Near associates were infinitely amused to observe me changing batteries in my phone once , or even twice ( on heavy use days ) while their phones remained stowed . All in all it was a great product until real service and current communication demands were placed on it . Then its performance diminishes and becomes irregular very , very , quickly . This will be a great phone for a user with only the most very basic demands ( i.e. basic talk - text and photos ) . I have since returned it to Samsung , where it was factory refurbished . In the meantime I purchased a Galaxy III with which I am quite pleased with and has absolutely no difficulty negotiating the same apps , and more that I had on the Exhibit 4G and very good battery life for a smart phone . The Exhibit all in all was not a bad phone . But if you are a heavy phone / data user you will outgrow this phone really fast , and subject yourself to a great deal of frustration .

Actually does not meet my expectation.  The size of the screen is too small. I gave it away and bought a new one.

I have owned the Motorola Triumph (under Virgin Mobile), and the Optimus V (also under virgin mobile).  These are the samsung's attributes in relation to the above 2.+ The Samsung has a quick to locate GPS, which is great for walking navigation.  The triumph had a horrible GPS that quite frankly took 5 minutes sometimes to "lock".+ The Samsung has a bright and beautiful display.  It is much bigger than the Optimus V display (but the Motorola Triumph does have a bigger display, although not necessarily brighter).+ The Samsung battery life is phenomenal.  I went 24 hours of medium/light usage and still had about 10% at the end of the day.+ The Samsung is relatively stable.  I haven't had a crash or reboot outside of those created by "flaky apps".  The Triumph had numerous problems with stability in regards to it's screen appearing washed out.  The Optimus needed to be reset every day or 2 otherwise it would no longer be able to use data.  The Samsung for me is very solid.- The Samsung is a little laggy when coming out of hibernation.  Both the Optimus V and the Triumph were not nearly as bad as the Samsung.- T-Mobile did a real "number" on this phone and installed a lot of bloatware.So the reason why I gave it 4 stars instead of five is really the bloatware.  The lag is not that bad since it disappears shortly after waking up.  So onto the bloatware.  The bloatware will reduce your battery life.  In order to disable it you _will_ need to do the following.1) root your phone.  it is necessary and somewhat easy.  lots of online guides available.2) install "nobloat" or an equivalent.3) use it to "disable" the following: com.tmobile.bonusapps, com.sec.android.widgetapp.dualclock, com.samsung.swift.app.kiesair, com.android.protips, com.qiktmobile.android, com.telenav.app.android.telenav, com.tmobile.moreforme, com.tmobile.vvm.application, com.zinio.mobile.android.reader, com.movitv.client.tmobiletvhd, com.eamobile.bejeweled2_small4) be happy.  after this operation I improved my battery life almost 2x.

Let me start off by saying that I am not very tech-savy. I am on the Tmobile prepaid unlimited everything. I had been looking for an internet capable phone for quite sometime, as I was paying for a data plan I was not using. I purchased this phone after much research on android phones. What sold me on this phone was the price. Because I have the prepaid plan, I was going to have to pay in full for an unlocked android phone, which can be over $300. I found this phone on Amazon, and was imediatally in love with it, because it can everything that I wanted it to do and it was at an affordable price of $200.I like this phone for many reasons. It is a 4G capable phone so I get signal almost everywhere. I like the way that the texting is set up (gingerbread interface, I think that is what it is called). This phone comes preloaded with swype, which i had never used before until now. Swype is pretty easy to use I just drag your fingure across the letters in the word that I are trying to spell and it writes out the word for me, so no more hunt and peck. Another thing that I like about the phone is that it is wi-fi capable. I like many other things about this phone, these are just some examples.I have only had a cupple of problems with this phone. Sometimes the phone is not very responsive to my touches on the touch screen, though is rare. The only other problems that I have with the phone are that occasionally my phone will not send texts and rarely it will freeze up. Both of these problems are fixible by simply restarting the phone or pulling the battery. I have had no other problems with phone other than those things.Over all I think that this is a pretty nice andriod phone, and totally worth the money. It is a great deal for all the things that you get.

Samsung Exhibit II is an affordable smartphone that would make an excellent first smartphone.  The phone has descent performance but do not expect it to be a performance powerhouse.  While the processor is fast enough the phone could use significantly more memory.  Once many multiple apps are running the phone starts running very slow. The best way to remedy this is to clear the memory in task manager which ends inactive and background processes. Doing a memory clear gets the phone back to a more operational speed. I've found that I'm better off using the integrated web browser. Firefox doesn't run too well on the phone. If you are looking for your first smartphone and don't have a ton to spend this phone is for you. If you do have a lot to spend buy a phone with more memory and a larger higher resolution display.

The old adage &#34;... you get what you pay for...&#34; seems to be appropriate here.  I returned phone to seller because the screen was not seated flush in the case and actually moves up and down when lightly pressed.  Got another phone from the seller, same problem.  Seller says (after I asked) that all their Exhibit models are like this.  Since this is supposedly a &#34;new phone&#34; I did not expect this kind of flaw.  After about two weeks of going back and forth, I gave up, it wasn't worth it the energy being spent.  In addition, the screen just goes black/blank for several seconds before getting to its destination.  Battery life is awful (even with no apps running).  Major delays moving from task to task.  Adjusted settings so screen would stay on during calls, but it still goes blank.  Phone get very hot on just a single, 20-minute call.  Volume on calls not good at all.  I've always been please with Samsung products, but this time, not so much.  I was in a rush to get a phone because my old Samsung died.  Should have taken my time and spent a little more money.

My daughter got this phone .  It worked well but she broke it within a week and a half..Had to buy new one

With time it losses  becomes slow when it comes to performance and functionality, its battery is  cheap that is something positive about the phone

I purchased a used one and it's been working great. I had it for more than 2 years and had no complaints. Great phone.

Overall a decent phone for the price - with one big problem. It can not display text messages sent as multimedia. The phone simply shows "downloading". I tried a few suggested solutions by people on the web, but nothing worked.Note: messages sent from some of the cooler phones get sent as multimedia messages, with the sender being completely unaware).

Both my wife and daughter have this phone. It is frustratingly slow. In fact my wife often comments that if she we bleeding she would bleed to death while waiting for this phone to simply place an outbound call. Apps often load slowly, including the phone app.  My daughter had hers replaced by Samsung because they said hers had experienced an major software issue, but the replacement was just as bad after a week or so. Occasionally, it will simply restart or load a random app that was not selected.  I have seen their frustration and would not recommend this phone at all.  I honestly would not give this a star except that I have to give it a rating.  This is obviously some of Samsung's worst work.

Great, my first smart phone, and very user friendly. Battery life is good, easy to download apps onto. Great if you have kids too... easy to watch you tube, play games, etc.

Just misses the mark. It is a good phone but I think it is just a little bit too difficult to

this is an-entry level smartphone but fully capable of doing most of what bigger and pricier handsets can do. however it is badly underpowered and that renders everything incredibly frustrating. neverminds that it can download data over 4G - it is actually too slow to properly make use of that capability. more often than not the app will freeze due to a lack of processing power.

It's realy good but not as samsjng galaxy. It should come with headphone but idon't how, i did not get it.

The size of the phone is just right. It doesn't weigh down my pocket and the screen is sharp, bright, and responsive. However the tons of bloatware is annoying and it quickly drains the battery. As mentioned in other reviews the phone has to be rooted in order to uninstall the bloatware. Fortunately I found the following tutorial online on how to root the phone:[...]Once you root the phone you will need to use the android market app(already installed on the phone) to download the "titanium backup" app. I used this to remove all of the garbage from the phone. Now the battery lasts much longer and I can more easily find the apps that I do use.

I bought this phone in order to upgrade from the Samsung Intercept from Virgin Mobile, and what a hell of an upgrade it was! It has a nice screen, it's snappy and fast,and ,although Tmobile could do better with service, decent coverage. Battery life could be better but I'm not complaining.

I have been researching pre paid phones and plans for a while now and this phone with the pre paid plans T-mobile has is a great deal. The phone is really nice for a $200 buyout phone. It has great sound quality (both earpiece and speakerphone).  I am coming from the original Droid on Verizon. The camera on the phone is very decent. Certainly as good as the 5mp on the Droid and faster too. I like T mobiles wi-fi calling from home..it allows me to run on my own wifi system if T-Mobiles signal is weak indoors. Video chat using Gtalk works very well. The phone comes with Kies Air for wireless transfers from your laptop and Yelp (for finding all those nice places to do business with). The GPS system works very well and the web is super fast on T-Mobiles great 4G (and I get it almost everywhere even in places my friends do NOT get Wimax on Sprint. The phone is very light and smaller in size than the Droid (but with same screen size).  It has a textured back for better grip. The battery lasts all day with moderate use (remember not to load the phone with tons of apps and widgets). My chargers for the Droid work with this phone (including the car charger). The screen is very easy to see and the colours are good. It comes with Gingerbread 2.3.5 and the scrolling is very smooth. It's a way more pleasant phone to use than the Droid is. It's not flashy, but it works very well.Cons: Lots of bloatware (not removable without rooting), ATT might consume T-Mobile potentially ruining a good thing, I wish it had a 4" screen...maybe version 3 will have that.

This phone takes WAY too long to simply go from page to page.  Things as simple as making a call or wanting to send a text become tests of patience.  And it doesn't always go to the screen I want it to go to.  I'll go to check a message ad it'll go back to the home page or think I clicked the wrong one. :(((Otherwise I like the setup of the phone

Its awe always freezing up on me. Ands it slow to open up the apps, its even slow opening up the phone to make a phone call. This phone sucks. Wish i never bought it.

Let me just get this out first: This is a cheap smartphone. I won't quite say it's a "get what you pay for" situation, but it does run a now somewhat archaic Android 2.3 (Gingerbread), it's often quite slow, and the quality of the camera is rather poor. But these gripes aside? For its price, it's actually not too bad! It's small and fairly sturdy, at a convenient pocket size. Battery life is pretty decent, enough to get through an eight hour day of fairly consistent use and make it back to the charger without a fuss. It uses physical touch-based buttons for the screen, which frees up a little on-screen real-estate. Not to mention, it's usable with the extremely competitive $30/month T-mobile plan available through Wal-Mart, where you can pick it up pre-configured for it. All in all, if you just want to have a smart phone of some stripe and don't really feel like making much of an investment, I think the Exhibit is a solid pick.

this phone works with all my apps and fits in my pocket easily. It has been a great phone at a great price.

I had one of the earliest android phones for the last several years. This phone is a big step up. Fast and easy to use.Highly recommend it for someone who doesn't want to spend the big bucks for latest Samsung phone.

This phone is user friendly which I needed, as I am almost 76, and a generation or two behind in electronics.  This is the 3rd phone I have tried besides my little flip phone.  I love this phone!

It's not the sexiest, nor the fastest, but it does what it does very, very well. Like an Accord.Love the price. Not free like a contract phone, but not a mortgage payment for a well appointed unlocked Android phone, either. My plan is T-Mobile for 30 bucks a month, unlimited text and internet/data, with 100 voice minutes.Pros:1) Android - Gingerbread (2.3) runs every app I've downloaded2) Processor - 1GHz is very quick and does not lag (haven't played any intense games)3) Screen - 800x480 pixels of crisp, bright display (used it outdoors at the Ryder Cup)4) Touchscreen - works extremely well, even with a screen protector5) Micro-sd slot - a 32GB Class 10 card is cheap on Amazon6) Excellent battery life - went for 3 days with occasional use (mostly wifi, not cellular network)7) Camera quality is very good for 3.2MP (it has a flash, too)8) Front and rear cameras (this was a deal-breaker for other phone with only 1 camera)9) Sound quality is excellent with handset and with earphones10) 4G - fairly fast data over cellular networkCons:1) Not Android 4.0/4.1 (I can live with it coming from a non-Android phone)2) Not a dual processor (haven't needed one yet, I'll take the battery life of a single processor)3) Prefer a slider keypad over the touchscreen, but there were no similar phones with sliders available4) Not scratch-resistant glass (screen protector highly recommended)5) No NFCThe Galaxy S3 is a head-turner and a status symbol. And you pay big-time for it. It gulps power, but extra batteries are peanuts. If I lived on my phone, I would own an S3 with an unlimited voice/data plan.The Galaxy Exhibit II 4G simply works well, looks nice, and saves you money you can use for other pursuits (like concerts, restaurants, a  Galaxy tablet, etc.). For the person who wants to be a bit off the bleeding edge and pay as little as possible for unlimited internet access and texting, the Samsung Galaxy Exhibit II 4G is a remarkable device.

this phone is excellent, it has a front facing camera, flash, back facing camera. very speedy, great price point.this is coming from someone who has multiple iphones and a blackberryyou will not be disappointed with this phone. it easily competes and even wins with phones 3 times the price

This was an inexpensive choice that has fulfilled all of my expectations. Purchased an additional item for my wife, she would give it five stars...

I bought this phone, tried to get my existing t-mobile number ported to the new phone. Went to the store, was told that it was all taken care of, three days later it still isn't. I called T-mopbile several times and spoke to a supervisor. I was told that they couldn't help me because I had the wrong type of account. I am tired of dealing with people who can't help me.

It was cheap when it was released, however its woefully underpowered to run android smoothly. The processor and ram are just not adequate for it to be useful for browsing, or multitasking of any kind.

I like this phone. Ease to use. Only the product looks not so good. I phone have a bulb in the screen. I just don't like that.

It's not a bad phone, I like the features, but it randomly &#34;chimes down&#34; like as it is shutting off, but isn't. It sometimes does it while I'm in the middle of a text, talking on the phone or randomly when it's sitting on the counter. I then have to wait for the media scanner to finish running etc before I can go back to what I was doing. If I was in the middle of a text then I have to start over. I went into tmobile and they said this particular phone has some issues. I might mail it back to Samsung to see what can be done before I give it to my daughter. I have never had an issue with any other Samsung phone I've used. They make great products.

Very good company who stands by their product. They really stand by their product and is a great company to work with.

Good phone use it allot good signal and good quality very advanced and a good price for this item very good

The phone is a nice size and has all the functions i need. However it drops calls often and frezzes up on me sometimes when i am on the web or playing a game. Overall i am satisfied but cant wait to update my technology!

My son has wanted an android phone for awhile (age 17..almost 18). We have T-Mobile as our phone service, he is on the plan, but 'out of contract'. I did not want to &#34;upgrade&#34; his phone, putting us into another 2 year contract (he would be 20 yrs old at that contract expiration)! Also other phones on our family acc't. will be w/out contract soon. In this economy, have to keep options open! ANWAY...I priced used droid phones at stores & cellular refurb.places. Why did I not just come here first?!!!! DUH! This was a brand new, in the original packaging, with the accessories and the price was better than some of the &#34;refurb&#34; phones. It was a pre-paid, pay as you go phone, but I called T-mobile & asked if it would work with his current &#34;regular&#34; SIM card & they said yes. I said hallelujah!!! Was his MAJOR Christmas gift and he is beyond thrilled. No data plan needed as long as he's in wi-fi zone, touch screen is easier than most with navigation, great 4Gspeeds, camera on front, speakers/sound...incredible. The price was incredible to me! I've yet to purchase a 'droid phone', but this one is not super intimidating, but is VERY current. May change my mind! Son & his friends say it is &#34;major awesome&#34;. Great phone, great deal....MAJOR AWESOME!

This phone is very slow i haven't downloaded apps. there's times where i can't text or make calls because its not responding. i cut it off & on & still the same thing.

If you want a more versatile cell, this phone is a  very good deal. For internet access, we have my iPhone and my husband is perfectly happy with a contract free cell phone with HiFi connection.

Just migrated from a iPhone 3gs and I'm immensly impressed. I installed Rebelrom right away and this phone is silky smooth.

I bought 2 since they seem to have good review.  It took several days to transfer the numbers from our old phones (contract T-mobile regular cell phones) to these phone prepaid, but finally they did successfully.  Sound quality is much better than our old cellphones.  We have only used them couple weeks to provide comments, but we noted couple things are not very intuitive like making calls (you swipe the green button instead of press on it).  You have to really read the manual or search for answers online.  Another thing is the microSD memory slot is under the back cover, so it is less convenient to swap the chip in and out.So far we still like this model.  It can do a lot of things: large calculator, calendar, and 2 cameras, ...We have not activated any Google account from it since we are concerned about the security and bloatware.

I have had this phone for almost six months. It seems to be getting slower & slower. I can press an app like text messages and I can wait for 10 to 15 seconds for it to go to that app. The only way to solve this problem is to remove the battery & put it back in twice a day. This reboots the phone. I took out almost every app I could and it is still slow. The worst is every week or so the phone will lose connection to the network. One day I went four hours with no network connection. People were trying to call me and it went straight to voice mail. I found this out when I tried to make a call and got an error message, "No Network Connection" This happens once or twice a week. Not sure if it is the phone or my cell phone provider. Display is to small.

I got this phone a few months ago because I've started using Google Docs and the screen on my previous phone (comet) was too small to use it comfortably.  I'm happy with the screen on the phone.  It's fast enough to play some games. Angry Birds is laggy on most levels, but playable.  I have the Kindle app and find it's comfortable to read on as well if I don't have my Kindle on me.Things I don't like about the phone:1. There is NO alert/notification LED.  This is the biggest deficiency.  Have to activate the screen to see if I have any notifications.2. There is no auto-adjust option for screen brightness.3. The phone beeps (or vibrates when on vibrate) when it's fully charged.  Who ever thought it would be a good idea to have your phone wake you up in the middle of the night when it's charged??4. Phone has a lot of bloat ware. I really need to get around to rooting and deleting the stuff that's not needed.5. A minor annoyance, but it's difficult to tell which end of the phone is which by feel and the volume button is on the opposite side as the power button so I find myself often pressing the volume by mistake when I want to hit the power button.6. I wasn't able to get tethering to work.  Not sure if it's my plan or something else, but can tether on my old phone with the same SIM card.7. No Ice Cream SandwichThings I like about the phone:1. Memory is more than adequate for my needs.  I'll need to add a microSD card eventually, but haven't needed to yet.2. Screen size and quality3. It's adequately fast4. It's cheap5. Camera has a flash6. 4g (HSPA+)I'm still happy I got this phone, since I'm rather frugal and I wouldn't want to spend twice as much money to get a phone that only takes care of a few more of my disappointments.

This phone can't be hotspotted. Works very very very slowly. Can't support more than 5 apps , if u download more than 5 apps , it become slow.Dont't take chance to purchase that kind of samsung if u know what is a real android.

When i first got this phone i was quite impressed, but after a while the phones battery drained FAST when it was only in sleep mode and when it was active i got 2 hours from the battery. True I havent rooted the phone and deleted the bloatware yet but thats because i dont know how to ye. if you know how please comment the answer. Other then that it is a nice phone, nice size feels good in the hand (i have a case on it). the screen is nice. when i add the password (pattern) when i draw it it takes sometimes up to 5 seconds to respond.Over all good phone but needs to be rooted :(

Great phone so far after one week, really quite amazing for the price.  We have been searching for phones that will switch over to wifi smoothly for talking AND texting, which seems simple but it has not been all that easy.  We live outside of any cell phone service area, so this feature is essential.  This one works great.  We popped in our existing t-mobile sim card (family plan) and it activated without having to talk to anyone at T-mobile.  Battery life is a bit short--you won't be able to go for days but it hasn't been a problem.Only other glitch is that the phone will occasionally buzz non-stop if Skype is on and you get a text or something.

This phone sucks . its so slow . I just gave it away I was so unhappy. I will never do that again

I have purchesed this product maybe two weeks ago. Now I am not big into having a whole lot of apps on my phone and this is my first android phone and I have to say that it is pretty awesome!!! I have found the reviews on here most helpful, and am glad that they were there for me. What attracted me to this phone was 1) the thirty dollar a month plan. now if you try to activate this over the phone it does not let you get this plan. BUTif you activate it online.. it is there no problem!! 2) a front facing camera and 3) the fact that it has wifi and a huge android market... no wonder everyone uses their phones for everything now!! Lastly, the one peeve I have about this phone has already been covered by others; it is hard to select the little text box to text people! You have to click on it segeral times to bring the keyboard up. frustrating but for the price, i think I can handle a few minor inconveniences.

I've owned a lot of phones over the years.  This has to be, by far, the worst. Both my husband and I purchased this phone a few months ago. Both of them are junk. My phones vibrates twice a day forcing a reboot to resolve.  My husband's vibrates twice a week. Both phones brightness just magically get turned down on the lowest settings in the middle of using them forcing you to go into settings and adjust. Some keys on phone require you to tap three or four times to get a response...  If you want a paperweight or a vibrator - LOL, then this phone is for you.

5/10/12: Initially I was wowed by this sleek, inexpensive 4G Anddroid. But then...UPDATE 11/7/12: After 5+ months of use my Exhibit 2 starting acting up with random vibrating and slower than usual screen response time. Then it stopped connecting to any network and only worked on wifi. Fortunately, Best Buy allowed me to return it for a store credit. I ended up getting another Exhibit 2 and within 4 days the new phone failed to connect to any network and was slow. So I'm returning this lemon for the 2nd and final time--BUYER BEWARE--my T Mobile rep told me the phone has known problems and you've ready plenty of them here on Amazon.One thing to keep in mind is that if you buy any pre-paid phone make sure to have it unlocked. Pre-paid phones on T Mobile will only use the T Mobile network and not roam to other towers, like ATT. This can create issues with signal strength and reception. This could account for some of my problems with the Exhibit 2, but not all of them.If you do opt for this phone be sure you can easily exchange or return it in person. But I'd avoid this phone altogether. Too bad it sucks, I really liked it at first!

After looking at other phones with similar features (but more money) and eliminating phones in the same price range, I made the leap and made the purchase.  It is Android 2.3.5 with GPS, Market, camera w/flash, front facing camera, and Tmobile 4G speed (yes I know it's not true 4g, but it's faster than 3G).  Apps run smooth, calls are clear, battery live is okay (light use-2 days, heavy use-almost enough to get me home).  Size is slightly smaller than my old HD2, but comfortable in the hand.  The top of the phone has a sliding door to cover and protect the USB port, a nice touch.  All previous reviews were generally positive, I'll have to agree.

Solid performance on a great network.  Had to call to port my old number.  The process was done the next morning before noon. As for the phone it just works.  It handles the newest apps and games without any issue. Some may wish for a "vanilla" android experience but after using a phone like that i find Samsungs Touchwiz interface a nice improvement.  I could re hash all the good stuff about this phone but for that you can read the other reviews.  As for issues, which i may be alone on.  I find the internal memory partitioning to be confusing at best.  Theres a main system partition of 1 gig then a second 2 gig partion called usb memory. Thats all well and good but most apps that dont have custom save settings dont have a selection for it.  I use an external memory card but this space seems a little odd.  It seems like they wanted to give you some protected memory for music i guess its kind of odd. please comment if you know whats up with it.  On to other things.The phone is as slippery as everyone says and with curved edges i never take it out without a death grip on it.  Its more than just slick plastic. that textured back is like wrapping a hockey puck in nylon, and the phone is very light.The antennas seem to be in the base of the phone.  i can sit in my living room and hold the top of the phone and get 4 bars on a 4g tower.  Then hold around the bottome it will drop to the point that it switches to edge.  Outside this is not an issue so no worries, its just a little odd.And last up the network.Tmobile is pretty solid where i live which is funny because they dont even have phone numbers around here.  I ported mine so no worries.  The customer service is top notch, heck if i didnt have to port my old number i wouldnt have had to talk to anyone.Thanks Samsung, Amazon, and T-mobile

I purchased this cell for my sister as a birthday gift and she loved it!  it was easy to set up and she hasn't had a single issue with it yet.  She loves how fast it is for all her online browsing and social media updating.  A great buy for sure!

It has all the features and apps you could want. The battery needs to be charged every day. It eats up a huge amount of power.

This was a purchase for my daughter and since I wasn't ordering the latest and greatest I didn't expect he latest in terms of technology.  I was very pleased with the phone.

Weird but true - had to return two of the same model in the same week.  Kept rebooting.Called my provider who found info that the rebooting is an issue with the model and can't be fixed, according to Samsung.Nice, eh?

This phone is the best [smart] phone I have ever had. This phone is so worth the $189.00 I paid for it. I really love this phone and t-mobile is a really good company. I would definitely suggest that you get it.

I initially was really pleased with this phone.  Setup was a snap and the phone was fully functional.However, what I found was that it had stability issues.  It would often freeze running an app or unexpectedly restart the OS.  When it froze, I would have to pull the battery to recover.  Usually I had the problem at least once every day or two; but sometime several times in a right in a row it would crash.  I installed the "Gas Buddy" app after the first week and found that using that app would consistently crash the phone.  Being my first android phone, I asked other android users about stability and found their phones ran for weeks or months w/o issues.I found a firmware update on t-mobile site that was supposed to address "stability" issues[...] and was able to load it (Android version 2.3.6 / Software T679UVLE1) manually using the Samsung Kies tool (OTA update was no longer available from t-mob); however, it did not resolve the problem.  After two weeks; I returned this phone after seeing a lot of similar issues reported on the online forum.  Too bad; I really liked the phone other than the stability problems.I replaced it with a Samsung Blaze 4G and although I have only had it for a day I have not been able to crash it; even with the same "gas buddy" app that always crashed the Exibit.  The Blaze also has a dual core 1.5Ghz processor versus the single core 1.0Ghz processor of the Exhibit and twice the RAM of the Exhibit.  I did not think the Exhibit was particularly slow, but the Blaze is much faster on everything and noticeably more responsive running a very similar build of android 2.3.6 compared to the Exhibit.

Very very slow yet times. Except for mail checking it seems waste for me.The phone hangs and we need to pull out the battery to restart. Shame on it.Layout is not good, while pressing power button some times you also endup pressing on volume button.Irritating. Just namesake smart phone.

this phone is not what I thought it will be is being a problem shout off memory is low and it get lock constantly very unhappy

I've been using TMobile Pre-paid for 3 years. It works for me as I don't use my mobile phone often. Having a $100/per year mobile phone bill has been great. I've always thought that I would have to purchase an unlocked smartphone if I want to use an android phone which works with T-Mobile.Phone has its quirks, but for the price, it is quite a deal. If you have the T-Mobile pre-paid plan, I would highly recommend this phone.

For a price of 190 bucks, this model is totally worth !!Pros:1.LOW PRICE2.Android 2.3.5 works like a charm with 1GhZ processor3.Front facing camera4.Wi-Fi calling5.Pretty slim compared with other same range phonesCons:1.Camera for indoor captures gives dull images2.Sometimes takes fraction of seconds to display the scrolled webpageThat's it !I am happy to get all these android smooth working features in such a low price. Will definitely recommend..

I love the phone the screen brightness it really surprised me and screen was very crisp no lag.. until I downloaded like 13 apps at a time then tried to play a 50+ MB game lol best phone I ever had my last smart was a HCT Hero it was ok but the samsung had more storage if your downloading a lot it least get a 8Gb micro I ordered a 16gb cause I love to download new games some apps to but some games can take 2+GB games so buy a good size MicroSDHC card this product come 2 day shipping very fast shipping was very Happy:)

The phone is great in regards the combination of speed, feature, and cost. However, if you plan to port your number from a postpaid plan to a prepaid plan within T-Mobile, be prepared for some frustrations and watch out for ways T-Mobile wants to rip off you. I did as suggested by someone else from online forums, activated my new phone online first with the unlimited data/text plus 100 minutes, then called T-Mobile to port my number from a postpaid plan to this prepaid plan, the first person I talked to assured me that she would convert everything over and I would see changes within 24 hours, nothing happened after the 24 hours, I called again the second day, this time a different lady told me that the conversion never took place, then she told me that she couldn't do anything, she had to direct me to an account specialist to cancel my current postpaid plan first then send the number to the prepaid account, when talking with this account specialist, he told me that he could only convert my postpaid plan to a new prepaid plan account and I might have to forfeit my balance on my other prepaid account that had just set up a day ago. Since I don't trust T-Mobile to set up a prepaid plan for me (I had read a review that they had assigned a wrong plan for someone) especially after all inconsistency I have been experiencing with them lately, so ends up I had to choose to give up my existing number. As a comparison, I had no trouble to port numbers for my other two phones from T-Mobile to Virgin Mobile, I only needed to talk one person from Virgin Mobile and everything went smoothly within two hours.In conclusion, I would give a four-star for the phone, but a one-star for T-Mobile customer services.

you don't need to sign a contract to get it.  4G phones are still the newest and most expensive. T-Mobile really went above and beyond and I'm really happy that AT&T;, the greed machine, wasn't allowed to take over the company, otherwise this phone would be $600 without a contract and I'd be paying $120 a month for the same plan of unlimited internet including 5gb of unrestricted 4G speeds,  and after that you get I'm guessing 3g but I  haven't exceeded the quota.  5gb is A LOT of web surfing.  AT&T; and Verizon won't even sell you 4G prepaid,  unless you sign a juicy contract for them and they'll still cap you at about 2gb.The small caveat is that you only get 4gb of internal memory which you can expand to 32gb with a sdhc card. But this phone even plays netflix.My plan is the 100 minutes and Unlimited internet from Walmart for 30 bucks. Additional minutes are 10c. Compare that to the 40c an extra minute that ATT charges you.Update : tmobile has the strongest signal i have seen. I even get 4g reception in my lower level apartment garage and in 95% of my city and surrounding cities.  Att, straight Talk and virgin Mobile could never get reception in my garageUpdate: it took only ONE fall from my pocket and it cracked the screen. One, and it wasn't even that dramatic of a fall. Really poor quality there. Also, it's starting to slow down way too much. However, the 4g signal is fast and strong still. I guess I got what I pad for at $200. Lookign forward to getting the new Nexus 4 from google. I still give it 3 stars for the 4g and the no-contract stance.

My old LG android phone was failed to update OS and broken.  So I bought something different from LG.  This Samsung works OK.  It's worth for my money.

Darn good phone for the money. I had three options for purchase....Wally World, Amazon, or T-Mobile website. After calling T-Mobile for some simple info they informed me of a promo they had which included a $50 "refill" card with purchase of this phone. The phone was $197 shipped and I used $30 of the $50 card for my first month of service on the $30 Monthly 4g Plan. It includes 100 talk mins and unlimited text and data up to 5gb. I will apply the leftover $20 on the card to next month. So thats like two months of service for $10! If you want more then 100 talk mins a month on the $30 plan the phone informs me it is .10 (ten cents) a minute thereafter. So if you need more minutes don't run out and buy a too expensive refill card from a store or T-Mobile. Check into the .10 a minute first as the phone itself states and offers.The phone is fast and smooth. Been using it a week or so and have had no trouble. It's my first smartphone so I have nothing to compare it to, but I can't imagine a phone in this price range doing much more. It does it all, and then some. I am not a heavy user but the web works well, youtube, simple games like Angry Birds and Bejeweled all fly fast and seamlessly. Voice quality is good, speaker phone loud, and the screen is relatively hi-res, colorful, sharp, and clear. The camera both front and rear facing is about what I would expect from a camera phone of old. It's ok and gets the job done in a basic way.The phone feels good in hand. I was a bit disappointed that the "blue" backing is actually very dark. Its not BLUE like some photos make it appear, but rather very dark blue. Almost black imo. Like a blue / black. So it looks a bit dull, but thats ok. It's a phone, after all. And it is well built, sleek, lightweight, and fits well in hand and pocket alike. So I have no real aesthetic complaints.I have had no problem with "bloatware" and am not a multi tasker. So the phone just works nice and smooth. No lock ups, lag, or otherwise. Calls stay connected, and the 4G as well. Please update the software / firmware to Android 2.3.6 as this addresses some stability and battery life issues with THIS phone, as well as including a few other fixes for this model released by T-Mobile. To do this download the Samsung Kies program to your computer, install, plug phone into computer via USB, and the program (Kies) will do the rest. The update also changes the welcome screen on the phone to include the "Galaxy" name. Nice phone, here.

I find it hard to believe, but it's now approaching three years since I published this review. If your primary concern is price/performance, then I'd suggest looking at theMotorola Moto G - Universal 4G LTE - Unlocked - 8GB (Black)which, at $220, is just $20 more than the Exhibit when I purchased it back in 2011. At $220, the Moto G will give you an unlocked phone with universal 4G/3G, which is critical if you travel internationally. I don't own it, but it appears to have a high quality screen and fast performance from the reviews I've read on amazon. These phones just keep getting better!_____Let me begin by saying I'm an economist. Logos do not impress me. Excellent price/performance ratios impress me. Although I must admit, the Exhibit II is a fairly beautiful phone in real life; don't let the photos scare you.This powerful yet humble device has the same memory (512MB RAM) and CPU speed (1GHz) as the iPhone 4. And, dare I say, it actually makes phone calls. It even has a larger screen than the latest $700+ iPhone 4S. Still with me?Why I bought this phone (with a new prepaid plan):>1. Freedom: With T-Mobile's prepaid plans, you can start or stop your service anytime without any fines. You can switch carriers, sell your phone, and walk away without even saying goodbye.>2. Screen: The 3.7" screen is bigger than the one on the iPhone 4S. The 800x480 resolution makes for a relatively high pixel density (252 ppi) and looks fantastic.>3. Android has developed into a very solid OS. With over 400,000 apps to choose from, I'm overwhelmed.>4. Price: Why spend $500 to $800 on a flagship phone when you can get 90% of the utility/functionality for $200? At $200, if my phone is destroyed, lost, or stolen, it's not the end of the world.>5. Plan: The phone is shipped with a prepaid SIM card, so there's no need to order the $7.00 SIM card from T-Mobile. For $30/month you get 5GB of "4G" data, unlimited texts, and 100 minutes of talk. If you setup a Google Voice # and get either the GrooveIP app ($5.00) or the Google Voice Callback app (free), you'll be able to make unlimited domestic calls for free, over the internet. It works quite well and even allows you to make much cheaper international calls than you would through your carrier. Just make sure to set it up correctly, so you don't accidentally use up all your minutes. Edit: Groove IP/Google Voice is only reliable with a Wi-Fi connection so it may not be a viable alternative to normal voice calls in all situations.>6. ROI: The return on investment is phenomenal. This phone truly represents a breakthrough in information and communications technology. For the first time in history, with a device that costs $200 and service that costs $1 a day, you can have a 3.7" window to the world that goes with you, guides you, informs you, entertains you, wakes you, and connects you to everyone and everything that matters in your life. The list of gadgets that this phone makes obsolete would go on for pages, but let me just say that if you don't have a smartphone yet, get this phone and don't look back.I was finally released after serving a 2-year sentence, I mean, a....contract. I'm free!EDIT: (after 1 week with the phone)Performance (including call quality) is excellent while battery life falls short of miraculous. With more moderate use and battery saving apps, you could easily go an entire day without needing to recharge. The 3Mp camera on the phone doesn't quite replace my old DSLR, but it works flawlessly for bar-code scanning, jpg-to-pdf scanning, and other "utilitarian" applications. By the way, the maximum video capture resolution is 640x480, not 720x480.EDIT 2: (after 4 weeks with the phone)My Exhibit II is still going strong and looks brand new, even after dropping it a few times. I've gotten used to using Samsung's "swype"  keyboard which is the only technology I've seen that truly makes touchscreen typing viable beyond a few words. I'm not surprised that the phone is out of stock at both Amazon and Walmart.com. If you're planning to get this phone, good luck finding it in stock! On eBay, the going rate for this phone is $250. Get it on Amazon, if you can.EDIT 3: (After 40 days with the phone)The phone still works perfectly and looks great. Even now, it's easily the best smartphone under $300 and, at $189, has the best price-performance of any phone currently on the market.EDIT 4: (After 10 weeks with the phone)We have had many fruitful discussions in the 100+ comments that have been posted since I first wrote my review 10 weeks ago. If you own this phone, I strongly recommend reading the comments posted by Franquis, Yogi Bear, and others who have become de facto experts on this device. They have surpassed my knowledge of the phone and I have learned from their insights. It appears many of us have been having difficulties with the Groove IP app and various alternatives have been suggested, including Skype.I have dropped the phone so many times and I finally managed to crack the screen but it functions perfectly nonetheless. The Exhibit II is a truly remarkable device (at any price) and I continue to be amazed by its capabilities.EDIT 5: (After 1 year with the phone)I got this phone exactly one year ago today (Nov. 2) and it's still going strong. It has enabled me to harness the power of the internet in my daily life like never before. For anyone still thinking about getting this phone, I would recommend waiting for the LG Nexus 4 which will pack the most advanced specs on the market for the humble price of $299 unlocked, without a contract. The Exhibit II was the best phone for the money in the US market for quite a while, but better options are finally emerging.Thanks for all the continued input in the comments section!

I hoped this phone would last a lot longer but it just quit after a year & 2 months. It started turning itself off and I had to take the battery out and back in to start it again. Now it wont even turn on. At first it was great. It was fast and did everything I needed. Then it started getting slow once I got several apps on it. I used it with t-mobile and was able to use all of the features. The camera is really good for close up pics.

Great phone for the price does everything I need. Has a lot of features I did not consider in a prepaid phone. Touch screen is very sensitive though.

Well the phone was acting funny the since yesterday. It froze on me a few times, never did that before, I had it since Jan 7.  Then today I removed the battery the battery to unfreeze it, and when i put it back in, it would not turn on. Nothing. Totally black. I googled the info to do a hand reset using the keys, and that would not work either. Big waste of money. Never buying a prepaid phone ever again. Neither am I buying anything from T-Mobile or Samsung. Don't know why my phone failed, so I'm not buying any electronics from those brands again, so it wont' happen again.

It is a great phone for a very low cost; I Bought it to use it in Colombia and so far I had no issues with it; it is light, fast and it has a big screen that is good enought for the price point of this phone; One recommendation is to root it if you want to get rid of the T-mobile bloatware that comes integrated and get the best performance out of it; the only But so far has been the battery duration (it's kind of low compared to my previous Samsung i5500), but I guess that it's a tradeoff for the bigger screen and the faster CPU.

This phone is easy to use and perfect for those who are techy but not to techy.  I'd get it again.

No need for a long review on this one.  Plain and simple, this is a seriously under-powered phone. Yes it has a low-price, so jst be aware that you will get what you pay for - it is a dog.  If you need speed and power, invest in the Galaxy 3S or 4S.

Horrible phone, its constantly crashing and freezing. Apps just shut down spontaniously while in use, every touch is delayed by a few seconds. Its just a crap phone and hate it.

I have had the phone for over a month now and I have not found anything that I do not like about it.  The battery seems to hold a charge for quite a long time. I do not charge it everyday and I can usually go 2 days on the same charge.  I do not use the phone a lot though.

Defective Phone. Mine lasted exactly 29 days before the battery went and the USB port stopped functioning. T-Mobile replaced the battery at a store in NJ, later to discover that usb port does not work anymore. It is not the drivers, it is the phone. After the battery heated up and died on August 24th 2012 the phone has been randomly rebooting and will not connect via USB port anymore. Now T-mobile wants me to ship the phone back and be without a phone for an undetermined time.  T-mobile has to be insane! I am between PA and NJ every week, I can not be without a working phone.Long story short this phone is a disaster of manufacturing. I have never had issues with the LG Optimus and the LG Optimus Elite or other older Motorola variant Android phones like this Samsung Exhibit II 4G. So between T-mobile (this is an exclusive phone) and MANY reviews of this phone being defective (please Google them), avoid this phone.  Since I am away from home, this will force me to buy yet another (roughly) $200 phone with a different company just to keep my phone number.  Will try a T-Mob store in PA tomorrow as a last straw.  Since I have had this phone (July 29th 2012) about every four days I have to do a complete factory reset to avoid problems, and the phone is not connecting via USB at all as of August 25th 2012.  At least i can still use a Motorola 115V wall charger for the time being since these issues.  I can not believe how bad this phone is and how T-Mobile is refusing to help me get a working phone.Avoid this phone to keep your sanity.  There is a high percentile of defective Exhibit II 4G phones with a mobile company that refuses to stand by the warranties.  Unfortunately this phone must me used only with T-Mobile service.EDIT 10/15/12.I am on my replacement Samsung Exhibit for T-Mobile for almost one entire month.  This one likes to crash and corrupt the Core android OS apparently at Random times - OK I have not found a specific pattern yet.  I am unable to determine if the memory is overheating or exactly what triggers the system corruption of the phones core OS.  All I can say is that the RAM is not full, and it is not a faulty SD card...  I have since rooted it and running Peach Sunrise ROM just to be able to use the phone due to the bloatware installed my T-mobile.  Same issue happened again when I used Google navigation for more than one hour stock and rooted (so repeatable).  I never had any of these issues on my LG Optimus V or Optimus V Elite phones.  So, 2 of two of these phones that can not handle what my 400Mhz slower FROYO phone was able to do.  So much for Samsung for me since this phone has and continues to be a disaster.  FYI, I have no games or music on this phone since it self corrupts far too often, and I have to reload roms from ODIN.  The entire base OS crashes, starting with the text app... and snowballing from there to the core android com files.....

This phone is a true smart phone.It's in very good shape, and it's easy and friendly to use. I like it.

I purchased in March and never really had any real problems with it. Come Sep the phone will not stop beeping when not plugged in, shows media scanner is running. I have done everything from factory resetting phone, deleting everything, trying to download software updates and nothing works. After factory rest still shows scanner running. Never had a problem like this with a phone.  If anyone knows how to fix it please help me out.

Let me start this off by saying I'm not someone whom normally writes reviews on Amazon as when I buy stuff, it's generally things that people aren't on the fence about. However, I decided to go ahead and write a review to strongly recommend that you consider the Samsung Exhibit II from T-Mobile. When I read the PR from T-mobile about this phone, I got really excited that finally a GOOD smartphone was coming to the prepaid lineup at a reasonable price. I placed my order the day the phone came out and received my order on November 4.Screen Quality --- I think the specs are not quite as good as some of the top of the line models, but they're incredibly sharp and pretty dang close. It's incredibly clear and leaps and bounds better from the earlier android and iphone screens. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. Text is smooth and crisp.Phone calls --- Sound quality is excellent and sounds like a landline using T-Mobiles free wi-fi calling app. It integrates seamlessly with the phone and elects to use Wi-fi if a good signal is available. If not, it'll switch to the cellular network. There are no apps to install on the device or on your computer/router. Like I said, very seamless. Also, phone calls over the cellular network sound excellent as well.Text Messages --- Typical Gingerbread text message interface. The phone comes with swype which I had never used before, but have since become accustomed to and am thrilled it came preloaded on the phone.Memory --- The memory is a bit shallow. The specs say it has 4 GBs of memory though I have about 1 GB of USB storage and 1 GB of onboard memory. I don't know where the rest is though it could be used by the Android OS. Honestly, I would consider it a non-issue since you can get a Name brand Class 4 32GB microSDHC relatively inexpensively. I certainly have the option to upgrade the memory at anytime. Also, I have installed every app I can think of that friends have/use as well as several Amazon free apps of the day and I've used under 1/3 of the 1 gb system memory available. With the Amazon Cloud music player, it makes the total storage on your droid phone a non-issue since Amazon lets you upload unlimited music to their cloud for free. Then, you can stream it to your phone for free. So, I could have 200 GBs of music on my Amazon Cloud and this phone could play it all perfectly without the need for tons of onboard memory. Also, as another reviewer mentioned, there are several free radio Apps that I found on Amazon that are free and stream thousands of stations.Battery --- I've been getting about 15 hours of usage out of the phone and keep in mind, this is my first smartphone so it's still fun to play with. I don't have the screen brightness maxed out, but it's definitely bright and good enough. Also, the nice thing about buying a non-Apple device is that it has a user-replaceable battery. I found a generic replacement from Amazon relatively inexpensively. So, after a year of charging and uncharging when the battery begins to age, I can buy a new one and it'll be good as new.Overall, this is a great phone for the price. It's honestly not as snappy as a top of the line, dual core smartphone, but you're also not paying the price of that new phone either. It's still fast enough to handle every application I've run on it. But, I do have several widgets and services running so I know that I'm taking up ram and CPU power doing that.

The best of the bad news is that it is slow to respond. Touch an app and later that same day it opens. If you touch the wrong place and attempt to go back it panics and freezes. Long press to reset.  Wait some more for it to reload. It can't handle more than one task at once, so if it decides to update, forget doing anything till its good and ready. The worst if the bad news is that it eventually started turning itself off and on, at first only occasionally, later constantly. Tmobile eventually agreed to replace that unit. So far the replacement hasn't decided to do the on off cycling but it is just as sluggish. Between both phones, I've returned to factory settings three times, hard reset more times than I can count and finally bought a Galaxy mini that isn't perfect but none of the issues are with performance.

I'm not sure if its t-mobile or the phone itself, but the phone has some issues. Its decent for prepay, however it does drop a lot of calls and the internet service is almost non-existent. The phone shuts down randomly and also freezes up a lot. I think t-mobile needs to do a lot better than this. I can't cancel text messages if I chose not to send it, if I can, i haven't  figured out how to do it yet. This phone has a mind of its own. I would not recommend this phone to anyone. Sorry.

The great part Pros:4g, come with preloaded gps, lots of junks that you never use, 2 cameras lens wow!!!.Now here is the stuff that you need to know Cons:1. Battery last only 3 days max on standby -- Samsung claim 14 days >>> I assume you need to strip all the running apps? for this to happen.2. Phone slow down on it own and need to reboot one or twice a day -- manual even said so, reboot fixed everything.3. Bunch of craps bloatware apps that come free some are loaded up when phone start up is hogging up 512MB ram only left you with 120MB or less at time. --- things you don't even use like social media still loaded up each time phone restart very stupid!.4. You'll need to swipe the screen zillions times to get pass unlock screen. ------ they just came out an update to fix this bug! >>>5. Reorganizing icons around is a pain in the A**. Default they put few icons on 1 page and to multiple page to make it looks full of apps come FREE!.Bottom line:I would not recommended this phone to anyone. 1 star for 4g and the other star is touch screen ability and the rest is crap!!!.Update 3/25/2013: After little less than a year, phone battery will not hold charge, touch screen is not responsive, everything run super SLOW even after reboot several times, blue tooth at time it will just stop working period. Bottom line this phone is a piece of S*.

Not because the phone itself is revolutionary. It's an average phone if you look at the specs. It's because the phone allows average people to afford a quality smart phone with an affordable plan. I switched from the OG Droid on Verizon to the Exhibit II on T-Mobile two months ago, and I couldn't be more pleased.Mobile phone companies in the U.S. have been fleecing the public with smart phone plans for years. The Samsung Exhibit II 4G, along with T-Mobile's $49.99 "all you can eat" plans (available in both contract and prepaid flavors depending on your preference), represents a milestone that should change the industry, if only more people knew about it.First of all, make no mistake: this is a solid mid-level Android phone at a bargain-basement price. Great screen, great touch screen response, good performance. It's rootable, so you can remove the bloatware (XDA Developers is a great resource -- Google "XDA Developers Samsung Exhibit II 4G root". Once you're rooted, download "Root Uninstaller" from the Market and follow XDA's advice about which apps to remove).Let me briefly tell you our story. My wife and I bought Motorola Droids a few years ago for $250 each (2 year contract price!), then paid Verizon $170/month for a family plan with 1400 minutes, data, and text messaging. When it came time to upgrade, we felt that was too much money, downgraded to feature phones (bought from eBay), and started paying $110/month for 1400 minutes, text messaging, and no data.Fast forward to a couple of months ago. Thanks to this product we were able to buy two very good Android phones on Amazon for under $200 each. Brand new, full price, no contract. We are now paying $100/month combined for unlimited talk, unlimited text, and unlimited data. Yes, Verizon's network is better in rural areas. But if you think about it, who needs to pay $1700 extra over the course of a 2 year contract so you have coverage that one day or one week per year you're in BFE? In reality, very few people.But that's not all. Even if you're in BFE, Wi-Fi is ubiquitous. Many campgrounds have it, all McDonalds in the U.S. have it, etc. This is good news because the Exhibit II comes with T-Mobile's fantastic "Wi-Fi Calling" feature. This means you can use your phone anywhere in the world with Wi-Fi without paying roaming charges. Or, within old metallic office buildings with Wi-Fi where no cell phones from any provider work. Even Verizon can't beat that. I'm telling you, it works wonderfully. IMO, Verizon's admittedly superior wireless network is not worth anything close to $70/month more than T-Mobile's for the vast majority of users, especially when you factor in Wi-Fi calling. Your priorities may vary.In short, this is the best value in cell phones today. You get a mid-level Android phone without a contract for under $200. You get a plan that lets you use its full potential for only $50/month, from a legitimate national provider. You get this for less than many smart phones cost with a 2-year contract.I applaud T-Mobile and Samsung for producing a high-quality offering that makes smart phones accessible and affordable to average people. I hope this becomes a trend with other carriers.

I purchased this phone after owning a Blackberry Curve 8530 for less than a year. While the Blackberry was reliable and provided all the basic needs, I wanted to step up to something much better. This phone has not disappointed me so far. In fact I used it strictly as a media player for 2 weeks before activating to see if this is what I wanted. Coming from Blackberry and stepping into the Android world, the differences are astronomical. While Blackberry App World has relatively few apps to download (40,000), Android Market has over 500,000. This phone is just about compatible with everything on Android Market too. Apps like Beautiful Widgets, Set CPU, Titanium Backup Pro and Player Pro (awesome app for music lovers btw) work flawlessly on this phone. With the 1 GHz processor and 512mb of ram, there's hardly any lag whatsoever. The Blackberry Curve froze up constantly while in the middle of doing something! On the touch screen, I find it very responsive and user friendly. Getting adjusted to typing on screen rather than a keypad has not been as big a deal as I thought it would be either.As far as phone service, I had been a Virgin Mobile customer for 8 years so leaving was a big decision. Unfortunately the Sprint network crawls at a snail's pace here in Louisville. I'm talking 500kbps to 1mbps speed on their 3G network. Still no 4G and no plans for it in this area in the foreseeable future. Root Metrics rated them the worst here as well (far as data is concerned). T-Mobile's 4G is not 4G LTE but pretty damn good if you ask me. Average speed here is 4mbps download, and 1mbps on the upload. All a normal user needs. I use wifi almost everywhere I go, so I elected the $50 plan with unlimited minutes/texting, and 100mb of 4G data transfer. VM was charging me $45 ($10 fee included for having a Blackberry) for 1200 minutes, unlimited texting and web. Would have been $55 if I wasn't grandfathered in when they raised rates.If you are porting your number, be prepared to spend some quality time with customer service. It took me over 40 minutes on the phone with T-Mobile to get the phone activated and give the necessary info for porting. No fault of theirs, they were actually very helpful. Just part of the process. Getting my number transferred took almost exactly the whole 48 hours, but it was done nonetheless. Props to T-Mobile for having CSR reps that speak excellent English as well, something else VM was having problems with in recent years.Last points, I rooted the phone to have complete control over it and got rid of bloatware I didn't need (Titanium Backup Pro is essential while doing this kind of thing). Very easy with Zerg Rush. You will also want a battery saving app like Juice Defender, especially if use the phone a lot or the screen is on quite a bit (that's the biggest battery killer of all). In a 2 hour period if I am playing music and surfing the internet, the battery can go from 100% to 70%. With the phone on standby, I have yet to determine the life span. Keeping Bluetooth, GPS off and letting Juice Defender manage what needs to be on and when, helps tremendously.Bottom line this is an excellent choice for those of us who don't want contracts, yet want a nice Smartphone that is comparable the high end "contract only" devices out there.Final update 10/2012:I have in the last 9 months used the stock ROM, RebelROM, Peach Sunrise, Exhibition, CM7, CM9 and CM10. Out of those, Rebel and CM7 are by far the best of the Gingerbread ROMs. CM9 is the best if you want ICS of course, and CM10 is Jellybean but a long way from being fully operational.You also need Clockwork Mod 6.0.1.2 to flash ROMs and make backups. Other helpful apps I have found are Neutron music player, CMarks to sync Chrome bookmarks to your phone, Avast Anti Virus which is free & comes with an anti-theft app and My Data Manager which you will need since you will not be able to use the T-Mobile apps to track data use anymore. If you know what you're doing and are WILLING to spend some time, this phone is fine for the money. If you want it all from the moment it comes out of the box, better look elsewhere. This is not the device for people who are unwilling/unable to make the effort to make it work efficiently.From XDA these apps are safe to freeze/delete:AnalogClock.apkBrowser.apk(Only if you use an alternative browser i.e. Opera Mini, Dolphin Browser/HD, Firefox)Dlna.apkDownloadProviderUI.apkDualClock.apkIQ-tmobile-release-signed-zipaligned-v1.1....JobManager.apkKiesAir.apkMobileBackup-unsigned_v3.3.02.apkMyFiles.apk(Only if you have an alternative File Browser i.e. Astro File Manager)SamsungWidget_Program...Swype.apkTetheringManager2.apk(Only if you don't use T-Mo's tethering service)TouchWizCalendar.apkTouchWizCalculator.apkTwCalendarAppWidget.apkVideoPlayer.apk(Only if you have an alternative video player i.e. Mx Video Player)VoiceRecorder.apkWiFi-Calling.apk(If you don't use it)ZinioSettingsProvider.v2.03.3331.TMobile....sihome-signed-tmo-android-8.apktalkback.apktmobile_m4m_3_0_15.signed...vvm-signed.apk

This phone reminds me of how PCs used to run when I was a kid - but back then I had the patience for it. The phone itself has a fairly smooth operation, not considering the processing speed. Sometimes it will just vibrate continuously for no reason and the only way to stop it is to turn it off! I bought it because it was not very costly and I could replace my other POS!Don't buy it if you want to run a lot of apps. It is a good phone for a person that just sends text messages and makes calls.

First off, I own both the Exhibit 4G and the "Galaxy" Exhibit 4G, aka the Exhibit II. You can buy the Galaxy Exhibit in any T-Mobile store and use it as a contract phone or as a prepaid phone. Why T-Mobile decided to stick the Galaxy brand on it is beside me. This is NOT in any way shape or form a Galaxy-line phone, as those are higher-end with better features and hardware.You can get it for dirt-cheap from T-Mobile now, but it begs the question, why? T-Mobile designed and launched this phone as a predecessor to the Exhibit 4G, their first attempt as a middle-of-the-road smartphone, positioned between the bottom-shelf Comet and LG Optimus, and the Galaxy S, G2X, Note, HTC One S, Sensation, and Galaxy S2. I have one, and I really liked it. Impressive feature set for the bottom-shelf price. Enter the SGH-T769 Exhibit II. It's basically got the same innards as the Exhibit (aside from added internal memory bump to 4 GB and 1 GB ROM), 1 GHz Snapdragon MSM8255 CPU, Adreno 205 GPU, 512 MB RAM, and Android Gingerbread v 2.3.5. To cooperate with the internal memory, it will take a 32 GB microSD card as well, which is located under the battery cover and is hot-swappable. The differences between the two include a bigger screen from 3.5" to 3.7, the physical "home" button beneath the display is deleted in favor of the traditional 4 Android capacitive buttons, and there are some stylistic differences. You get the same physical buttons for lock/unlock/power and volume pup/down, but it's now got a textured blue battery cover, blue trim with black plastic trim around the display, round camera lens as opposed to the square on the Exhibit 4G. It feels well-made, and despite being made entirely of plastic, seems to be sturdy. Typical Samsung.The handset itself is pretty compact at 4.5x2.36x.43 inches. It's a little heavier than the Exhibit at 116 grams (4 ounces). They are roughly the same thickness, but the Exhibit II is a little harder to hold in the hand, as the textured battery cover is still pretty slippery. Hardware-wise it's a decent handset. The display is really nice. The resolution is 480x800, and has high pixel density so it looks great, but not as good as the Exhibit 4G, which has an excellent display. The screen is capacitive an very responsive and has multi touch enabled. The CPU and GPU work well together, as it's every bit as snappy as the original Exhibit. Like the original, this has the 3.15 MP main camera with the LED flash (also a video light), and a .3 MP front-facing camera. It took pretty decent pictures for 3 MP! Shots are bright and have good color reproduction. Indoor photos in low light also looked decent, although even with the flash, night shots are grainy and noisy and lack fine detail. There are pre-programmed shooting modes for indoor, portrait, macro, landscape, scenery, low light, nighttime shots, and panorama. You get burst shooting, a timer, and tap to focus.I have always been very impressed with every Samsung camera I gave ever used, and I've used a lot of them. It's not perfect though. The shooting performance isn't great, over 4 seconds rom first focus to picture preview. That's a carry-over from the Exhibit. Video recording is also the same story. You can only shoot D1 720x480 at 24 FPS which is serviceable, but nowhere near even 720P HD. You'd think Samsung would do things differently the second evolution of the Exhibit line?Again, it has Android Gingerbread with the Touchwhiz UI, which I really like. Easy to use and customizable to a degree, but nowhere near vanilla Android. Of course it comes with loads of bloatware from T-Mobile, but thankfully you can uninstall most of them.For connectivity, it runs on T-Mobiles HSPA+ "4G" network, but only get the 21 MB/ps band. The other Exhibit gets the same treatment for typical downloads of 1.2 to 1.4 MB/ps and uploads running 3-7 MB/ps. There's b/g/n WiFi, A2DP v. 3 bluetooth, and the web browser is full HTML with Flash 10 enabled, so browsing was a good experience. Call quality was top-notch everywhere I used it. Callers said I came in loud and clear with little to no auditory anomalies, and callers sounded good. The audio performance was good. The speaker was a little muffled and the volume could be louder, but overall not bad. The battery is a 1500 MHh lithium ion cell that Samsung says is good for 5.5 days. In actuality, I got about 2.5 days of light use before it beeped at me.So overall, a good well-rounded device that won't cost you a lot of money. However, it's mostly only good as a prepaid device. A postpaid plan will afford you handsets like the Galaxy S2, HTC Amaze, One S, Galaxy Blaze, Nexus 4, Note II, and Galaxy S3 with the newest addition the Optimus L9 (which I own and love it), and they're expensive, so if you're not looking to spend a lot but want a good prepaid device, the Exhibit II isn't a bad choice by any standard.Pros:3.7 inch capacitive touchscreen1 GHz CPU with dedicated GPU4 GB internal storageAndroid 2.3.5Good call qualityGood photo qualityCons:Outdated OSPoor quality D1 video recordingPoor camera shooting performanceSlippery in the handBattery life could be betterSo not a bad device. Not a "Galaxy" device, but will make anyone wanting a nicely-trimmed smartphone and don't want a 2-year contract.

Works with our existing T-Mobile plan. Just took out the card from my wife's old phone and put in here and no new contract needed

This is a very cool phone, best prepaid phone around IMHO. Screen is very sharp and clear.  The phone performs well, most of the time, I have had a few times where it slowed a bit but there are some apps you can install to help with that.  Battery life isn't great but its at least as good as most of the other smart phones I have owned.  So its what I expected.  Over all very satisfied with this phone.

Very easy to use. Good price. Nice features it has just what I need in a phone. I might get another one.

this phone is beyond expectation. I am enjoying the phone tremenduously. i have already bought another one for my brother in Africa. I'm hoping it's going to work well for him as it is working for me. the phone speed is superb. I can recommend this phone to my friends. in my opinion it beat iphone any time, lots of free downloads and many more good stuffs. I am not a tech person but I know any tech will enjoy this phone like any other expensive phones.

The phone is super slow compared many current generation phones. I was replacing a lost galaxy nexus with this purchase, and it was such a disappointment. The touchscreen is not very responsive, the interface is slow.the pros: good antennas, loud speakersthe cons: slow processor, bad battery life, bad touchscreen sensitivity, bad camera, outdated OSMy advice: save your money and invest in a better phone that isn't completely outdated. You will be happier and avoid frustration. However, if all you need a cheap phone that average or below-average in all aspects, this an acceptable option

I have had this phone for less than a year and am in the process of getting something else.  It randomly freezes to the point where you have to take out the battery to get it re-booted.  The phone gets hot. It will randomly re-boot even when you are on a call. The battery life blows even on "energy saver" does not exist with minimal apps running.  It erases your speed dial settings quite often.  Trying to use any applications it is extremely slow even to exit to the home page. The GPS likes to exit out or loose signal 2 minutes before you reach your destination.  The camera is not great.When making a call:-It exits out to the home screen and does nothing-You attempt again to make the call and it exits out againFinally when it does make the call and you hang up:-It will redial the number you attempted to call as many times as tried to call it before it actually made the call (ie: you tried to call 4 times, when you hang up it will call back 3 more times)I did a master reset recently.  It seemed to work fine as a "regular" phone and not a "smart" phone using its apps. There is not software/firmware updates for the phone.This is the 3rd Samsung I've owned in 10 years.  The 1st was the best and the last two, I will be going to a different brand.  Samsung would not allow me to post a review because referring to IOS and Android apparently means product placement.

This little thing has almost everything the SIII has and works just as well. Samsung has made very good products and this is not the exemption. Would recommend to anyone.

Just got this phone with unlimited data/text/100min. I live in data "partner" area according to T-Mobile coverage map  but the data part does not work at all. I was expecting at least slow data coverage but no dice. T-Mobile customer support said they "cannot guarantee data" coverage in partner areas. If you are planning to use it in a t-Mobile "data partner" area don't chance it.Nice phone otherwise.05-16-2012 Update. BTW the phone works perfectly well with AT&T; - a rare feature available on this phone, it covers both AT&T; and T-mobile data frequencies. My main need is to forward business voice mail from email to phone MMS. I tried AT&T; (after unlocking). But AT&T; plays tricks. It does not permit WAV sound files to be sent by email - they simply delete the email. Even mp3 files are striped off the message. Nowhere does AT&T; state this before service purchase. Sold the phone on eBay and joined PagePlusCellular.com for $12/mo.

First of all, I owned iphones since the first generation using att...somehow I can't justify paying $145 per month and chained to  2yr contracts anymore so I decided to do some research.  So far, I find Tmobile to be of decent quality as far as cellular coverage it's not Verizon, Att or Sprint but hey they have the best prepaid plans so far if your looking to budget.The reason I chose this phone was that it gave me all the apps I had on the iphone and more (although on an android platform), it's 4G and you can't beat $30 a month unlimited text, 4g up to 5g web and 100 minutes, (5g is more than enough),  and NO contract, the phone is lightweight somewhat of a cheaper quality than the iphone, but then again it's not an iphone but functions just as well...the battery does drain a bit faster but you can get the juice defender to save on battery...don't like the bloatware but I saw in other reviews you can root to remove unwanted apps which is nice if the instructions are followed correctly without bricking the phone...I'm a huge web browser and find this much faster (4g) than my latest iphone 4g...maybe someday I'll return to my beloved iphone but only when prices come down and att stops throttling the data usage.Overall, this phone works great and I'm pleased...no buyers remorse here :) and no complaints with the service Tmobile offers so farPS: Gotta love Amazon, free 2 day shipping and no tax..set up was easy online or you can also call Tmobile

I received this phone on yesterday, after reading the reviews thought of returning it, I open the box and love the phone. It was due an upgrade to Andriod gingerbread 2.3.6 fix and to rename the handset after upgrading the OS via KIES, the upgrade change the phone from Samsung Exhibit to  Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G(it will be known as that in the future)it reminds me of a smaller version of the Samsung Vibrant with gingerbread. I have found nothing wrong with this phone so far. I am loving it so far. The music sounds good it has 5.1 surrond sounds only through the earphones. It has lot of memory, 4g speed works well for browsing.  I upgrade the external memory to 16gig via sd card.  The only thing I wish is that the screen was a 4.0 or higher but 3.7 ain't bad considering I was using a Nokia 1620. Great phone would have given five stars if not for Tmobile bloated software. I would recommend it to anyone at anytime.

If you're considering this Tmobile Prepaid Phone, all i can tell you is BEWARE.  Apparently a percentage of them are faulty.  If you can, try to read the Tmobile website forums.  Tmobile employees admit there are 'known issues' with this device but refuse to fix them.  The most common problems that users are experiencing include DAILY FREEZING, PHONE POWERING OFF AND ON BY ITSELF, SMS FAILURES ON 4G REQUIRING USERS TO SWITCH THEIR PHONES TO 2G TO SEND A SIMPLE TEXT MESSAGE, POWER CYCLING.Cant say why this is only happening to some users and not others but again TMOBILE ADMITS THESE PROBLEMS BUT DESPITE PROMISE AFTER PROMISE, THEY HAVE NOT FIXED ANY OF THEM...THERE HASNT EVEN BEEN A SINGLE SOFTWARE UPDATE SINCE THE DEVICES RELEASE IN NOVEMBER 2011.  So just consider yourself warned.  You can go through a dozen factory resets and multiple manufacturer repairs through Samsung, and the device will always malfunction.So if you're willing to take a risk, go for it.  Some people love it.  But just know that many people are having issues which make this phone a horrible experience and the worst part is Tmobile does nothing but tell its customers to switch carriers or buy another phone.  There is a reason that Tmobile has come in dead last in terms of customer service among the major cell phone providers.  Also note that if you're using this on Prepaid, It is considered a separate company from Tmobile so you will have to port your number if you're already a Tmobile customer and you will also now get outsourced (mainly Phillipines but sometimes Mexico) customer service, which is much worse than the regular CS...Many of the reps have trouble with English and will constantly give you inaccurate information - so another warning...dont take anything they tell you as Gospel...get everything in writing.

Great phone for the price!!! No contracts makes it even better.... does not feel like a cheap pre paid phone!

I just about gave up on finding a cell phone and plan that meets my needs and fits my budget.  I tried the new HTC Rezound with Verizon, the phone was really nice but Verizon wants an arm and a leg to get minutes, text and web.  It came in at almost $90 bucks a month.  Sent that back and was looking at a prepaid phone when I ran across this Samsung Exhibit II here at Amazon.I guess it was my lucky day cause this phone is great!  Got fast 2 day shipment and activating it at T-Mobile was a snap.  Because I was a NEW customer I was able to get the $30 a month plan with 100 minutes, unlimited text and unlimited web.  Oh yea, NO 2 year contract!  This beats the heck out of those other guys.There is alot of bloatware that everyone mentions but I reduced the number of homescreens from 7 to 3 and put those apps I useon those 3 screens.  Also downloaded Juice Defender and Android Booster from the app store to help me with battery and app management.  Next I downloaded the Kindle ap and got my books downloaded.  Then I downloaded music from my Amazon Cloud player and stored it on the phone.I had a 16gb SD card which I installed and then moved some of the apps to the card which saves space on the internal battery. So far I have no complaints with the phone or T-Mobile. The only improvement I would make would be to move the speaker from the back of the phone to the front.Lastly, I was pleasantly surprised to see a FULL paper phone manual included with the phone.

This is a great phone, and it's really amazing what they can make at this price point. The screen is not as nice as more expensive phones, but it is fine. There is 512 MB RAM, much of which is already used up by the system, so you have to be careful not to run too much at once. Overall, everything seems very well designed.Tmobile does include some amount of bloatware on the phone. The phone can be rooted very easily, and I would suggest using a free app off the Marketplace to freeze system apps which you don't want. It is not terribly hard to recover the phone to stock if you manage to screw something up.The phone comes locked to Tmobile (you have to purchase an unlock code online, or have a very nice CS rep unlock it for you). More importantly, it does not support 3G data in Europe, which is a big downer for those who travel outside the US (voice and Edge data should still work).

I can say that I really enjoyed when I had the it. even doe I don't have it anymore. so it is what it is. I had got water on it.

It is a low end smart phone. It does a lot but it is slow. The most annoying thing about the phone is the number of times you have to touch the screen to get the keyboard to come up to send a text message. It can drive you crazy!

Phone keeps freezing. You get what you pay for. Hopefully this phone will last until I can get an upgrade.

This is my first android phone- my last phone being a Blackberry Storm 2. It is lighter weight than the Blackberry, and obviously has a different interface, being a droid. One of the reasons I had to replace the Storm was that it couldn't handle Facebook and social media apps anymore; and it was going to be nice to have all the apps that are available for a droid.My only complaint about this phone so far is that it doesn't seem to have the capability to set tones to differentiate inbound alerts. A text message alert sounds like an email alert.I have a warning for you about TMobile, too. I switched from Verizon to save money, but my text messages are sometimes arriving three hours later. I had been warned about TMobile so, there you go.

This is my first ever cell phone let alone smart phone. Im 34 years old and i never bought one before now because the pricing on these phones and their plans are pretty high. I've always wanted one tho and my sister said she would pay $100 towards one for me as a christmas present.This is the one i picked.After much shopping i had actually given up on picking a smart phone because i had no idea what the heck to choose. Its like buying a PC now.I decided to just get a cheap old $20 prepaid one when i discovered this phone and its reviews 4th down on the search list.I've used it for a couple of weeks now and i love it.You see differing opinions on the battery life and ill tell you why from my experience. For standby mode and texting and calling the battery is pretty amazing, it will last a very long time but if you want to run any game apps it drains it super fast! Its not too bad or anything but i believe thats why you see the different opinions on the battery life.I've had a couple issues but overall so far its pretty fantastic. It has reset itself a couple of times and the power button itself is kind of horrible with the protective cover on it. I have to hold the power button in for at least 10 seconds before it will actually power on but turning it off is far more simple. I dont know if thats normal for all of these types of phones or not. I find it to be a little bit frustrating.I was able to get the "Walmart exclusive" $30 monthly plan for 100 minutes and unlimited web and text. That was a very small hassle. Before even purchasing the phone i had called tmobile and asked them about it and they said i could get it no problem, then when i called back after receiving my phone they said i didnt buy it from Walmart and yada yada i had to talk to a few people before they would activate that plan for me.Good luck with that!I personally enjoy playing video games so i love them on this phone, it does drain the battery fast but its not so bad if youre just going to casually play something. I havent really timed it or anything but it seems you can get about 5 hours of use if you play game apps for that long before having to recharge it. When i left it on standby for an entire day and texted a few times the battery was at 91% i thought that was pretty cool.Loving the phone so far especially at that price. So far its everything i was looking and hoping for.

I find this phone to be difficult to work with. First, the touch sensitivity is poor. I find I frequently need to touch things twice to make them work. The screen needs to be unlocked with a swipe...many times I have to swipe twice. I like the push and hold method better. Second, the navigation is terrible. It is difficult to see how to exit from certain function such as messaging, contact lists or the phone pad. Finding settings is difficult too..still can't find the auto-word-complete for sending messages. Beware signing up an existing Gmail account. It totally loads the entire gmail contact list and mixes it in with your phone list. Suddenly, you might have hundreds of contact names. I tried to delete the GMAIL account, but it require an entire phone reset.My other phone is an iPhone, which I find to be superior, so, I've obviously experience a higher standard.

very good phone, Very fast brownsing internet and easy to use. If you want a cheap and no contract plan with unlimited data( includes 100 min of talk and 5GB of 4G from T-mobile) you have to buy this phone at Walmart for the same price, not on Amazon. It is very slippery and easy to drop so you need a protective cover to keep it safe. Fortunately, a variety of the covers for this phone are on line for a good price.

I love this phone, its a good size , Great camera . Just a little slow but I also dont like that the phone contains little memory so if you like to store memory in your phone you may need to purchase a memory card.

Have this phone for a month now.This product exceeded my expectation in terms of performance, but because of the bloatware that comes with it, it slows it down at times. The phone comes with a lot of pre-installed applications, some of which are not even needed because other applications it came with does the same thing for eg two music players and tons of maps.The camera works well with good quality. The panoramic setting work great.Speaker loud and clear.I'm from the Caribbean, so apps like magic jack and skype are important and they do work well. For skype, get the version 2.1.0.46 and do not allow updates, if you do the person would see you sideways if you change the orientation of the phone from potrait to landscape.It connects to the wireless very fast, and the use of the internet and other media loads quickly.Be sure to restart the phone at least once a day to clear some of the memory, cause as I stated all the pre installed bloatware takes up memory and space.That's my bit.Also get the hard gel case and armour screen protector, they go hand in hand.

This is a very fragile phone. Owned and used less than 10 months. The charger socket on the phone became intermittent. Also developed the vertical lines on the display.  Though the phone was never submerged or even on a wet table, when sent for repair, the center claimed &#34;liquid damage on LCD components,&#34; therefore beyone economical repair. No warranty help. To me, this is an excuse to avoid a warranty claim. I take extremely good care of my phones, so this experience was disappointing.  Very poor customer communication through the repair process; had to call to get an explanation why the phone was returned unrepaired.

My experience with Android has been two rather under powered phones ... the "original" HTC G1, and a Garminfone. The G1 was good for it's day, and the Garminfone was a great GPS that happened to have a not so great Android built in.So with that background, this Exhibit II is a huge step forward. Almost from Atari to X Box. It's smooth running, has super features for the (very good) price, and just plain does what it's supposed to. I don't have to worry whether it's having a "good" or "bad" day. Yes, the previous two I was always wondering what would go wrong and what *might* work today.I cant get it out of my hands. I stay up late trying new apps that wouldn't run correctly before. I`m basically a kid at Christmas. Bonus - it's pretty easy to root.There is absolutely nothing with this phone that is not either excellent or acceptable. The worst I can think of - there is no light sensor for automatic brightness level. Seriously? That's the only fault? Get a widget to change brightness easier. Fixed.So this recommendation is very easy. Unless you can afford $300 for the next best thing, buy this and you wont even feel like you "settled" for it.

this phone is only good for a period of time. this phone brings a lot of battery problems! also this phone just stop working one day. it would not turn on it just shut off and never turn on again! it is not  worth 125$ so just go ahead and save your money.

I was nervous ordering a phone online, and especially used..but it arrived and it was in perfect condition.I'm very content with this product and would definitely recommend it.The phone is fast and I like everything it offers.

This phone is not worth paying for it $200. It begins freezing after a month. The screen freezes and loses the sensitivity to touch. Also all of a sudden the brightness on the display out of nowhere just goes down to zero! and you would have to go to settings and adjust it. Texting is a nightmare because if your message is longer than it likes, it will give you "send failure" then sometimes it actually sends but says "send failure" I would return it if I could but it is too late now!

Bought this phone in 2011 and used it for about a year and 3 months. It was a decent phone and did what it was suppose to do. Easy to use. Small and light weight. The main reason I got the phone was to use with T-Mobile's $30 a month plan. The service was ok. No major issues.

Granted I'm not a big tech gadget geek but this is easily the best phone I've ever had.  I got this because it was reasonably priced with pretty good reviews but people were labeling it a &#34;good starter phone&#34;.  This is only my 2nd smartphone but there really isn't much this phone can't do.  One problem that was annoying was that sometimes whenever I watched videos that were 1 hour or longer the phone would freeze up.  I had a problem with that because I had Netflix but I noticed that after a few weeks of turning off  the unit for 30 seconds and turning back on weekly, the phone stopped freezing now I can watch long movies like Bad Boys 2 without any freeze .

We purchased this Samsung from T-Mobile for our yearly trips to Asia. We already had an old t-Mobile phone (which is another brand with similar spec to this Samsung) that worked in Japan. This year we want to bring another international phone with us to Japan and South Korea. According to Samsung spec, this phone should work there. We also checked with T-Mobile more than twice, and they said this phone should work "according to Samsung spec". T-Mobile unlocked both phones so we can use Asian sim cards on them if have to.When we arrived at Japan and South Korea, our older phone (another brand) worked like a charm with roaming and Asian prepaid cards all over Asia. The other brand was exactly as their spec said. This Samsung however did not work with roaming in S Korea nor Japan. This Samsung did not work with Asian sim cards in Japan and S. Korea. It did work with prepaid sim at Taiwan. The staffs at KT Global and SK Telecomm (in Korea) tried to make it work with their prepaid sim cards with no luck. They had no idea why.Our conclusion is, the spec for this Samsung phone should not be trusted. It sounds and looks better than it is.

I purchased this phone for my Goddaughter as a replacement for her existing prepaid T mobile service. All she did was take out her sim card out of her old and into her new phone and now she has her continuing service with Prepaid T Mobile but with an updated phone, Thank you

I bought the Exhibit II 4G straight from Amazon and I was not sure if the phone was going to accept the Simple Mobile Sim card since it was locked to T-Mobile Prepaid. I put the Simple Mobile Sim card and it accepted it perfectly. I had to manually set up the APN (which is very easy and Simple Mobile explains how to do on their website). I was also able to successfully root the phone using the ZergRush method. After rooting the phone I installed Titanium Backup to remove all of T-Mobile's bloatware from the stock ROM.Since I am using Simple Mobile's $40 2g/3g plan I disabled the 4G to double the battery life.The phone itself is very snappy and the images are very crisp. The front camera works great with Google+ and Skype so you should be able to video chat without any problems. The rear camera could be better since it only has 3.2 MP but with the help of a good camera app you can add filters and enhance the pictures.It is definitely the best 4G T-Mobile or Simple Mobile phone you can buy for under $200.

I had a problem with this phone and had to visit a T-mobile center only to find out that because I ordered it on line I had to send it to manufacturer at my own expense, for repairs and put down a deposit to get a loaner flip phone not one comparable to my phone. Still waiting to here when my phone will be returned to me they said 7 to 14 days.  The good thing is it was still under warranty since I only bought it in April 2013. I never dropped it or got it wet so I don't understand why it broke so soon. Stay tuned for updates on the quality of the repair and how long it took me to get it back.

So the phone is fine for the price. The problem is they load it up with all these stupid applications that you CAN'T DELETE without messing with the root and they slow it down to a crawl. It's a really sluggish phone.

i hate this phone with a passion. it was good when i first got it but now everything about it is just slow and ridiculous. DO NOT buy. go with windows phone or ios.

We got this phone for Christmas. Now is end of the January and battery on phone is gone. It does not go for a full day without charging it. it was doing ok for about a month. We did all that a book said to preserve a battery. no help.

The Samsung Exhibit II 4G is a great phone. The Amazon price for this phone was 100.00 cheaper than the T-mobile price. I researched this phone and this phone has met my expectations and more. I previously had a Blackberry 9700.The TeleNav GPS app that had a monthly fee is a free app on this phone. Also, includes the Google navigation and maps. So 2 Navigation apps for free.The Voice Search works as well as the Iphone voice search app. The phone is easy to use and set-up. If you dont turn off the apps running in the background the battery will die in 5hrs. So, turn off the background apps, backout of the apps no longer in use. My battery last at least 12 hrs-14hrs.The only negative is , the screen washes out in the bright sun. For the money, and 30-50 dollars a month( depending on the plan us choose) you can't get a better phone. It is a great phone. i just set up Kies air which I can view on my PC everything on my phone, pictures, messages, videos etc. Supports  Adobe Flash player which my Blackberry 9700 did not. I could on. A great phone.

This phone looks so attractive and was at a price range that worked for me.  Too bad it just doesn't work!  It started freezing up and needed to have the battery removed to start up again, from day one.  This just got worse daily until it just stopped and glowed weirdly.  Took about 10 days.  My daughter loved the look of the phone and now I am hunting for a replacement.This phone just doesn't work!

It's not a 5 star phone compared to all other phones.  It's a 5 star phone based on combination of price and features.  This no-contract phone at $190 (Amazon price on May 26 2012) is a great buy for the features it has.I bought this for my 12 year old as an upgrade to her non-smartphone and she's loving it.  Has loaded bunches of games on it and hasn't had any trouble with any of them after about 10 days.The suggested retail for the Exhibit II is $330.  At that price, it's actually a very poor value considering the Samsung GNex is now going for $400.Compared to the $150 (Amazon price) T-Mobile Prism, the Exhibit II is a far better phone.Jan 14 2013 edit: There is a Samsung Android update for this phone that rebrands the phone "Galaxy Exhibit 4G" (maybe some improvements/fixes in there too but I didn't look into the update).  After nearly a year, the phone still works fine but she occasionally (maybe twice a month) experiences the homescreen icons vanishing (no lockups or crashes that I'm aware of) which is fixed by a reboot.  The Galaxy Nexus (GNex) I mentioned in the 3rd paragraph is no longer available and has been replaced by the top of the line Nexus 4 at $299 (8Gb) or $349 (16Gb).Apr 3 2013 edit: Still operating fine with the notations from Jan 14 but I'm deducting 1 star because the "value" of the phone has gone down as it ages while the price remains pretty stable. The dual core LG Optimus L9 is now available with better specs at nearly the same price. I don't own an L9 but would certainly buy that over this Galaxy Exhibit 4G if I was in the market for a $200 phone.

I use this phone for like a month , and finally I decide to use my review . It looks good to me more than the itouch , and it looks good really . Mostly to me the phone is useful , but it has too many apps already inside that I cannot delete !! And somnetimes it will die when I was downloading video , and I cannot leave the page whether I press the start button or go to the home page . I can easily get know all the functions of the phone , the shipping is fast . Mostly I like everything of this phone , but if the seller can give us two batteries in the box that would be much better Y(^_^)Y

Best Prepaid phone till based on the time I bought the phone. spent only 180 bucks and i see almost same performance like what i see in my sensation 4g. Sensation got higher processor and ram but they got a heavy interface that takes off the benefit. So if you are into a simple interface then this is the best one for you.

Highly disappointed that the phone does not support voice commands for hands free calling from a headset.  Ditto for not having a built-in radio but I should have noticed that. Also, there is no bluetooth driver for this phone meaning I can't sync it with Windows Media Player running under Windows 7 without connecting it via USB. Fortunately, I finally figured out the phone will be consistently recognized by my system if I connect the USB cable to the phone before connecting it to the computer but I would still rather save the wear and tear on my USB ports as well as my time by connecting automatically with bluetooth. Most of all, I should have bought this from another seller that offers a $30 refill card with unlimited Web and text but only for phones purchased from them; why can't Amazon offer the same deal? I wish I had saved a hundred dollars and bought a pre-paid smartphone from a T-Mobile competitor and it is highly unlikely I will be buying another T-Mobile or Samsung product.

Sorry, Samsung, but I hated this phone and it's funky software so I sent it back. I went ahead and got the Galaxy III. Frankly, it's still not my favorite but it's far better.

I was trying to decide between getting a 2 year contract to get access to a high end smartphone or getting a low to mid end smartphone without a contract. I was very surprised to discover not only that I could get this (now mid-range) phone for about the price of a premium smartphone with a contract, but that I could get a very inexpensive unlimited text and data plan from T-Mobile, just what I needed. If this phone had been sold a year or so ago, it would have been a premium phone with a premium price.The phone itself is high quality, with the following basic pros and cons:- Solidly made - smooth black plastic body with a dark blue textured back cover- Bright 3.7 inch high resolution screen - the resolution is 800 x 480, not as high as the most expensive current phones but plenty for everyday use- plenty of internal memory for a mid-range phone. I've got 20 or 30 of my favorite apps installed and still have about 700MB free on the internal storage- SD card capability - I have a 16 GB micro-SD card installed.- Fast chipset - This phone has a fast chipset installed - it appears to be the same Hummingbird CPU/GPU as my Original Galaxy Tab of a year ago, so this is a 2010 high end CPU  housed in a 2011 phone. This sounds bad but it's plenty fast for most of today's apps. It benchmarked faster than my 7" Galaxy Tab.- Android 2.3 Gingerbread - This is the latest Android OS available for phones. Android 4 is just coming out and needs some debugging.- Some preinstalled apps, but most are useful - There are preinstalled apps as usual, but most of these are pretty useful, ones you might use and won't mind having on the phone.- Good battery - I believe the phone has a 1500mAH battery, plenty for a full day's worth of occasional use.- Decent camera with flash - The camera isn't going to replace your point and shoot, but it takes decent shots. If you want a nicer camera, you'll most likely have to buy a contract phone.- Front camera - You can video-conference with this phone.- Good Data capability - I haven't thoroughly tested this, but I got several Mb/second download and about 1 Mb-second upload speed sitting in my house.- Clear voice callsIf you are opposed to contracts generally , waiting for the right phone to buy on-contract, or just want a nice phone right now without a contract, it's hard to go wrong with the Exhibit II 4G. I'm pretty picky about devices and was very interested in the awesome Galaxy S2, but I decided to wait awhile and I got this original Galaxy S class phone instead. I'm very happy with it.

The phone is worth the money. Not as zippy as high end phones and doesn't hangs too often.I am quite satisfied with the features and the connectivity it provides.

My previous phone was an iPhone 4 which I got for the ecosystem/iLife compatibility with my MacBook Pro. This phone looks and functions like a value version of the iPhone. Whereas the iPhone has a solidity and style that belongs in a design museum, the Exhibit II 4G feels more like a beautiful everyday object, one that, when dropped, inspires irritation rather than panic. The two phones are actually very close in terms of general hardware features, notably the mini-tablet shape, size of the screen, image quality, bi-directional camera, and other smaller details. (It is very easy to see why Apple had filed a lawsuit against Samsung for imitation.) The biggest adjustment personally has been switching from the buttery smooth responsiveness of the iPhone touchscreen to the entirely functional, but uninspiring, Exhibit screen. Otherwise,  I am extremely pleased with the range of apps, built-in Swype and voice texting, crystal clear Wi-Fi calling (useful for an occasionally spotty T-Mobile network). Ultimately the decision is whether a great iPhone is worth $60 a month more in subscription fees than a (very) good Exhibit. AT&T and T-Mobile offering a comparable service, we past and present iPhone users are essentially paying an extra $720 a year to remain in the exclusive Apple ecosystem. What's an iLife worth to you?

I am really happy I bought this phone. I was in desperate need of a smartphone, so I got this. The screen is a little bit smaller than I would prefer, but it still works better than my old phone!

I've had this phone for about a month now, and it is a great little phone for prepaid. I had the Samsung Galaxy Prevail for Boost and it wasn't so great. The internal memory for it was horrible, and I was constantly having to remove the battery to reset it.The Exhibit II is a great phone, though. I have been having problems with it slowing down, and that is mostly because of the amount of bloatware T-Mobile put on this phone. I rooted it, and froze the bloatware and the phone is blazing fast! I have also moved all the programs I can to the micro-SD card when possible. Angry Birds Space runs just fine on the phone, and doesn't slow it down if I need to quickly look up a map or webpage. The system monitor widget is great - and it comes pre-loaded on the phone. I'm a little stunned at how much RAM is being sucked up by background apps running, but I'm working on a fix for it.The only thing I don't really like about the phone is that it is hard to hold onto. I haven't been able to find many choices in cases with belt clips, either. The rear camera is only 3.2mp, but that doesn't mean the pictures look horrible. It's a little tricky trying to take a picture with the light, but this is also my first phone with an LED light, so it may just be user error.The internal storage for the phone is adequate. I've downloaded at least a dozen apps for the phone and haven't had a problem with memory being compromised. The battery life is good for me, but I'm not a heavy cell phone user. I'll text and surf the web, but not a lot of talking.Just in case someone is having problems with the phone powering up after it has been idle for a while, Samsung programs their phones to go into a battery saver mode which is like a deep. It may take a few seconds for the phone to wake up from this - it's not a defect or anything. I learned this recently after perusing some Android developers forums.The network and WiFi connectivity is really good with this phone, and is also pretty fast. YMMV. I have had a problem with sending text messages. I would spent literally 5 minutes trying to send a message even when I had good connectivity to the network. I downloaded a third party messaging app and it fixed the problem immediately.

Samsung Exhibit II 4G Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile)Nice Android phone for those that don't want to pay 2x-3x more for a Samsung Galaxy II or Nexus. This phone, once unlocked, is easily rooted [...] and once you remove the T-mobile bloatware, you'll find more than enough space for all of your apps. You can even tether without incurring extra fees.Unlocking is a bit of a pain. Keep your receipt handy and you will have to fax it, yes FAX to T-mobile along with your IMEI. Alternatively pay $20-$40 to have it unlocked. With this phone, it's as simple as putting in an non-T-mobile SIM card, turning on the phone, keying in the unlock code and hitting &lt;enter>.

4 months in, loving my phone.  So much about it is just right.  The phone size: fits in my pockets, car, hand.  Screen size: 3.7" is the sweet spot.  Getting any larger and you're talking mini tablet territory.  The speed: 1ghz and enough memory to keep it humming.  You don't need dual core, or a graphics processor, or any other nonsense unless you're playing graphically intense games (I suppose...I personally don't use my phone for games).  It will, I'll note, stream Netflix with ease.  Cost: at $200, I'm not constantly worried about losing it.Cons: Holy bloatware, Batman!  So much trash installed.  Doesn't seem to slow it down, but it's annoying.  There are even some bookmarks in the web browser that you can't delete!  Who's phone is this, Tmo??  I suppose all the phone are like this, though.  One more reason to root...Although I bought the prepaid version, I'm using it with my Tmo 2 year contract.  My sister kept the 'better' HTC Amaze that came with our service.  It did nothing this little gem doesn't.  2 months in, she sold it and got the exhibit 2.

This phone does everything I want it to and more. Full anndroid market access. Built in GPS. Screen size is good and all apps run smoothly. Well worth the money.

I'll make this short and to the point.This phone attracted me because of its rich feature set and low price. Most of my friends were buying smart phones for over $400 dollars, and this phone seemed to be a good deal. I jumped on board as an early adopter back in November 2011, and initially I was very satisfied. I unlocked the phone for using on another network, and everything worked well. I browsed the internet wherever I went. I sent email. I watched YouTube videos on the go. I used Google Maps for navigating.However, after a few weeks I began noticing that there was a huge problem with text messages. At random times text messages would simply come back saying "Message not sent".This frustrated me to no end. The bug seemed random, and happened regardless of message length and signal strength. The same messages would almost never send successfully, no matter how many times I retried. This happens more for some contacts than others. And, to make matters worse, sometimes the texts actually do get through, but the error is still there. A friend once received 12 copies of the same text from me.Now, a significant percentage of text messages simply doesn't get through. This is a basic feature that breaks the phone for me. The bug has been acknowledged by a T-Mobile rep on their so-called tech support forums. What a joke. Using third party apps like "Go SMS Pro" hasn't helped me, although it has been suggested as a fix on the forums.[...]This is just like buying a car only to find out that the engine doesn't work. All the computers, GPS, air conditioning, leather seats, and other bells and whistles are perfect. But it doesn't work for what you really needed it to do in the first place.Please, stay far away from this phone. For your own sake. This experience has soured me on both trying to save money and being an early adopter. Don't make the same mistake.

i bought this phone for my wife an he has loved it ever since an does everything he wanted to do i will buy from him again

I've had my Samsung Exhibit II for about 4 months. Paid full price from another store to get it same day.It does take a little getting used too, if you previously had an iphone. My last phone was the iphone 3gs. The keyboard is slightly more difficult than the iphone, but what isn't? Nothing really beats the iphone keyboard. But... I started using Swype after a short time, and found that it was intelligent and very quick. Also the voice to text is amazing! What a great way to answer text while driving! lol. I'm a criminal, I know!Second greatest feature of this phone is that it works over wifi, even if you have no service in the area. I took my phone on vacation across the country recently. It worked EVERYWHERE! I even stopped in at a local McDonalds and used their free wifi.Calls are VERY clear over wifi, there is no lag, and I have no problems. It also sends text.I've downloaded a couple dozen apps, and have never had a problem with one giving me any error message when I used it. I really enjoy skype on the phone, the speaker is loud and clear, the video is crisp and clean.The camera takes great pictures and video, and I've actually used it for my business on several occasions.As far as I'm concerned.... using the voice to text to search google is just as good as the iphone4s Siri app. It doesn't give you a voice response, just pulls up what you're searching for.I paid $199.00 for this phone, with a $50.00 unlimited plan. Best investment I've ever made!Don't listen to the one star morons who tell you the phone lags sometimes... as with every computer phone, periodically, you have to close all the apps you have open, and clean up your RAM. Simple solution. DUH! lol.Buy this phone, it's worth every penny!

Nice phone just foo small for me. Doesn't compare to the phones that are made now. It will work if you dplidn't have the money but I suggest that you please shop around for a bigger phone. I didn't have a problem getting a refund though. Great service from the seller.

As a student, getting a contract phone is impossible without a credit background. This phone is cheap and you can activate it online and choose a plan that you like (Recommend $30 unlimited Text & Data with 100mins talk) If you're not a talker, this plan is right for you. I ran out of minutes, but additional minutes are only 10 cents per min.This phone was not easy to use at first and is not very universal (Does not support some languages) The typing recognition is very frustrating (Compared to an iPhone). However, if you get used to it after a while, it will be okay and your errors will reduce dramatically (Takes practice). Otherwise, it has a large built in memory. Lot's of preinstalled apps that you can't delete from T-mobile, but it doesn't matter since you have a lot of space. Would recommend to buy an SD card to go with it. Must get used to using Android, for it is somewhat confusing for startup users. Good luck!

UPDATE AFTER 5 DAYS.  I have to update my rating of this phone to 5 stars.  While it is not a cutting edge $600 (unsubsidized) phone, it is a great phone. Yes, there is some bloatware on it and I really like a larger screen, but it is a solid phone with much to commend it. This is a great little phone. Worthy of 5 stars, even if there are a few annoyances.  Considering the price, and the great promo plan price through T-Mobile (5GB Data, Unlimited Text, and 100 minutes talk is the one I use). More on that below.I say "little" because, for me, it is little.  I used to have the HTC EVO with the 4.3 screen.  I was considering going to a Razr with that 4.6 screen... but went with this because I already have a 7 inch tablet... I really don't need a phone almost as big. Still, this has a larger screen than an iPhone. And it is quite capable as an Android phone.Others have excellent reviews of this phone, so I will look at the plan itself:*************************************************************5GB of DATA and Unlimited Text and 100 Minutes of Talk for Thirty Dollars????Since the online world is a buzz about THIS PHONE and specifically about the T-Mobile's 4GMonthly Plan, let me share my experience with getting on this plan when buying through Amazon:First of all, the date is 1-8-2012 and there is a rather extraordinary cell phone plan being offered by T-Mobile and Wally World...buy one of 2 or 3 data smart phones (such as this one) and get a $30 monthly (no contract) plan that includes 5GB internet data (a whole lot, you won't likely run out)at 4G speed, unlimited data at slower speeds after that (if you do run out), unlimited text messaging and video messaging, and 100 minutes of talk time... all for $30 a month. Now, understand, that low talk time is a killer for many users... some are using an application to talk via the data plan for some of their calling to help that. But if you go over the limit, it is only ten cent a minute after that. There you have it; that is the special Wally and TMobile offer as of now. Many of the Wally Mart stores are sold out of these phones and plans for the clamor for it.  But the online community *(and TMobile) was unsure if purchasing this phone from other places would allow someone to get this same deal (instead of exclusively from Wally World). It is to this issue which I now write... if uninterested, skip to the end of review. ***Even though I called before hand to T-mobile to make sure I could get this "Wally Plan" (5GB/$30), upon trying to go online and activate I found out that the phones purchased from Amazon did not qualify.  Through very many call backs, I eventually succeeded in getting this plan. However, I discovered afterwards that I didn't need to go through this time and effort.  Rather, if you buy the phone from a place different from Wally World or T-mobile, you can simply call T-Mobile and order a $7 SIM card from them...then you will qualify for this special plan.  Obviously, verify this for yourself first.Of course, you may not even want this plan.  Therefore, judge for yourself what plan you need. The phone (if you understand what you are getting), is a great phone!Gingerbread Android, 3.7" sharp, clear, multitouch screen, Android App Store, T-Mobile extras, MicoSD card slot, Bluetooth 3.0, 1 GHz processor, Wi-Fi networking plus Wi-Fi Calling capabilities, 3 MP camera/camcorder; video chats via front camera; Bluetooth stereo music; microSD expansion; HTML web browser with Flash 10.1; Charger and Data Cable, Cases available starting at 1Cents on Amazon, High Def 720, Better audio than my EVO, and on and on. Now, if you try to compare this (now) midlin' list of attributes to the Motorola Razr or the Galaxy Nexus, well, you are going to dislike this phone. But, this phone will satisfy those who understand what they are getting... in fact, they may jump for joy that they have a non-contract phone of this quality.***I am thrilled that I have a very nice (even though I would prefer larger screen and an LTE network to run it on) phone and a great "4G-ish" data plan at such a price. This phone is very light and the smaller form factor makes it very portable.I have not tried the GrooveIP app yet (to go along with GoogleVoice (aimed at increasing talk minutes by using VOIP calling), I will update if I find a good alternative.  So you know, the Wifi calling feature that comes on the phone works, but also uses your minutes. Just installing Google Voice will use your talk minutes too. Not sure why that is, yet...but will update if I find a workable combination.Good phone made great by virtue of the price/performance metric!And hey!  I don't have a contract!!!! :)  A great deal indeed!

I did not like this phone. It began giving me problems about 6 months into having it. It would become unresponsive, slow, and glitchy. By month eleven the battery began to swell and was about to explode. Needless to say I had to buy a new phone.

I ordered this phone because of all the great product reviews. And I wanted a prepaid "smartphone". Well this one did not live up to those reviews. The first phone was extrememly slow, contact lists would get lost (synced w/Google), text messages may or may not come through or send, and I continually had to power off the phone to "reboot" and begin working correctly again. So, I requested a replacement phone, stating the first was defective. The second phone, was better, but was still slow, and at times would stop making/receiving calls and texts, and needing to be rebooted. I gave up and sent both phones back and bought a better quality smartphone.

Have kept the phone for one and two month.  It is a great phone and so many things it can do.  This phone is the best [smart] phone I have ever had.  I really love this phone and samsung really did a good job for this phone.  I would definitely suggest that you get it.

I really like this phone.  It's the best phone I've ever owned actually.  I can do almost everything on it.  I get my email.  I sms people in other countries for free with Kik messenger.  I record interviews (with permission) for news articles.  I surf the web at home and out and about.  It's a great toy!My only disappointment thus far is with the speed of download and upload when I make the phone a hotspot for my ipad.  It's slow as molasses and kills the battery.  I really wanted phone to do this without having to pay a separate bill, aside from the 15 bucks to make the phone a hotspot.  It's a super deal... but it doesn't work too well.But that's my only complaint.

So, got my phone for two hundo on amazon and it got here quickly, two day shipping, and I activated it online with a new service on the 100voice/unlimited data plan for $30 a month, no contract. So far so good. Easy. There is no cel service in my rural setting but the wifi at home works and was easy to set up the phone to automatically use the wpa-2 network, and now at home it defaults to the wifi for all functions like texting, calls, web surfing, etc. Very easy and so far so good. The phone is also responsive and has not crashed in the 4 hours I've used it. It's my first smartphone, and was easy to get into. From the reviews I had thought for sure that I would have to root the phone and all that, just to get the thing working smoothly, but it is fine. I'm liking it a lot, and look forward to seeing how the tmobile service performs, how the battery holds up, how well it works as a camera and media device with the microsd card I will install, etc. I do have to say that the price seems right for what you get here, since it has so much functionality in one unit and the droid OS seems pretty cool. Now I know why my buddies were so excited when they got their iphones and droids a couple years ago....EDIT: a month later and it's still good although I'm getting tired of it sometimes slowing down and so I'm looking at rooting the phone to get that extra performance.this is the best site I've found with all the info you need to root your phone:[...]....Battery has been lasting all day with the usual texting and online games like words with friends.For a smartphone noob like me this is great although it makes me want an even nicer phone.FYI the phones WiFi Calling app works great but it does use your calling minutes.

I bought this phone directly from T-mobile for $330 with a promise of a $150 rebate, which never materialized. Apparently, it applied only to specific plans as described in the miniature characters at the bottom of the page. I wish I bought it directly from Amazon with the rebate already built in to the price.Overall, it's a good phone with a big storage management problem. In the directory structure , this phone names the internal memory "SDcard" and the actual removable SD card as "external_sd", which cannot be recognized by most android apps. It doesn't matter where you want the program to install, it always installs to the internal memory, which is only 1.62GB (not 4GB as advertised). I cannot install the databases of some programs for offline use because they are too big to install to the internal memory. Unless this problem is fixed, this phone will be useless very soon, going down to the 1-2 star range.Sometimes the bottom part of the screen feels less responsive, but you get used to it.  Phone itself has a lot of good features and seem to be of good quality.  Decent camera and screen.

I really like this phone and all the features. Just sometimes it seems to just freeze for a second or 2. Sometimes I don't get really good reception where I should be getting great. I don't know if this is phone or T-Mobile. Take great pictures and I love the front and back cameras.

If you like the simple life stick with the flip phone. This is not a bad phone, specially considering the price, the battery life is not great but with smart phones that is a given. The multitude of functions that these phones performs is amazing, usually at a sacrifice for privacy and the more apps you download the slower the phone gets. The manual is not much help, specially if this is your first smart phone. The sound for calls is good and clear, for me that is important.I took me a month to figure out most of what the phone can do. some functions that require internet connection are done with WIFI access unless you have unlimited data from your carrier, this is true for GPS navigation, the program has to download maps as you go. Some of the better apps cost money, the free ones are basic and you have to give up privacy and see commercials.As a phone it gives you the option of storing a lot of information with your contacts, which you have the option to back up thru your carrier or g-mail. The more expensive phones can cost 5 or 6 times what this one cost, or sign a contract, which I wasn't about to do. I like the freedom of changing carrier if I'm not satisfied with the service, off course you would have to unlock your phone to use it with someone else, which I'm not sure you can do with this one. If you are thinking of that possibility get one that is unlocked. I think that if you buy a phone you should be able to do what you want with it.I give this phone 4 stars because I don't have major issues with it, but it's not perfect. The screen sensitivity is not as responsive some times and you have to press several times. The power button has to be pressed several times to be turned on or off. As far as some frivolous functions such as videos, games and music, they eat up battery, you would have to charge the phone daily, for stand by for calls it could last 2 or 3 days with out charging. I'm not sorry I bought it, I would recommend it with caution.

Being a single core processor phone, it's slow and creates sometimes the impression that it has frozen up, causing some incompetent users to restart it and get frustrated. Patience, not restarting is the solution to that.

For a low end smart phone at this price, the performance is fair enough, even great. Once thing surprised me is that there is no way to zoom when taking pictures. This really does not make any sense. Hope Samsung could take a look and do a software update to make the camera be able to zoom in/out.

This phone work well, the second one I order. I gave one as a gift, can do more thing then I image. Glad I've upgraded to this model. Will recommend this phone to all my friends.

Today, the popularity of smartphones has increased. Everyone who has not had a smartphone will be searching for a decent one or those on a low budget wants one. Samsung Exhibit II is the best smartphone out of other prepaid smartphones. In other words, it is good of prepaid smartphones but not that good in the smartphone market overall.First, the phone is good if you would like to have easy and accessible communication. You can call, text, e-mail, and use apps to communicate such as Facebook and other social apps. Setting up e-mail can be difficult if you are using a system like Microsoft Exchange. But once you figure it out, it works great. Also, there is a decent camera. The picture is great and videos appear pretty darn good for a budget smartphone. There is a camera in the from to for self portraits (but low quality). For basic communication, it is okay.On the downside, you probably won't be able to get the best experience from a smartphone. If you like downloading various apps and using them, the phone will become kind of sluggish. One disappoint is the Maps. Maps is not accurate enough. If you are searching for a location, do it before you drive. I would not recommend driving and following navigation because it GPS does not respond at the speed you drive. Also, I recommend getting an external memory (i.e.: MicroSD). The memory will fill up before you know it if you use music apps like Google Music/Play. If you do not know, a great deal of 4G smartphones get warm after using it for a while. Do not blame the manufacture because of this one negative aspect. Otherwise, this phone is not for excessive use, but it can get by.Overall, this phone is great for those who never had a smartphone that has not been made in the past several years(including the BlackBerry). If you are looking for a better smartphone than your current one, test this phone to it's fullest capabilities to make sure it is right for you.

This phone does a few things well, games, videos. What it has trouble doing is what makes this a bad purchase. Prior to this I was using a 10 year old razr, same network same everything, though this is the most I've ever spent on a phone, as a phone it is the worst I've owned. When I say it drops calls I don't mean a few I mean every one that lasts longer than 10 mins. It is not my reception, it is not the network it's the phone. When it isn't dropping the calls it is constantly cutting in and out. A phone call with me typically sound like: "Hello? Wait what that last part cut out. wait say that again. hello?" dial again because it hung up.On top of this the phone is extremely slow, doesn't seem to matter much at first but when you have to make a call or want to snap a picture in a timely manner the steps between unlocking the device, getting to the phone part, getting to the contact list, selecting your contact and hitting call are all separated by 3-5 second delays which becomes extremely annoying. I don't have many apps running or even an animated wallpaper, nothing to bog the phone down. I could imagine if there were ever an actual emergency the 15-20 seconds you'd have to wait before you could dial 911 could result in some real consequences.Typically the phone will not connect your call the first time, I have gotten into the habit of not even holding it to my ear when I dial because I'm waiting for the half ring/click of the phone giving up.I do not know if this is all smart phones being as this is my first one but one of the most aggravating things about this phone, when you make a call that requires you to press 1 for english or use the keypad you MUST have the phone on speaker, by the time you take it away from your ear and get the screen back on, then get the number pad to come up you have already missed the time allotted to press your number.The touch screen is boggy at times, occasionally areas simply do not work or you have to press/slide several times before it will pick it up. It isn't every time but it adds to the inconvenience and the time it takes to make a call.The things I like about this phone seem to be standard for most smart phones. I like the text message set up in instant messaging form. I like the android os. The google play store is great. I enjoy the customization options, though often I have several games in a folder and for no reason one will just disappear and I'll have to re-ad it.  The camera is okay quality, there is no zoom which can be a bit annoying but being as though it would be nothing more than a digital zoom cropping the photo in image software and zooming into the area isn't that much extra work.I gave this two stars because while I enjoy the android os and the phone works well as a light gaming platform it fails as a phone. Considering the 10 year old razr I had before this and the even older motorolla I used before that never had issues with dropped calls or call quality I certainly don't consider this an improvement for everything a cell phone is supposed to do.  The extras are nice but if I can't do what you bought it to do it just isn't something I could recommend. I would like this phone much more if it just worked better. While I wouldn't recommend this to someone looking for a phone I would be open to trying a samsung phone again because while it has good features the usability simply isn't there in this model.

Great display!  First thing I did was root/unlock the phone so I could remove software I've no interest in.  Calls come through clear, and I am heard easily by the caller.  Nice flash for the camera, but I don't seem to find a zoom for recording.  That's still not a huge issue.  I'm quite pleased with this phone, and you will be too.

Its inexpensive, nice looking, large screen, well there you have it. All the good. Thats it. If you don't mind a phone that is constantly lagging and constantly freezing than this is the phone for you. Personally, I am so frustrated. I am sorry I purchased this phone. Sometimes two to three times a day it freezes. Take out the battery, put it back in. Not my idea of a quality product. Im ready for an iphone.

I purches 3 of these because it was such a sweet deal. I rooted one and installed slimrom with gapps and the other 2 left stock. One for my wife and one for employee. Haven't had any issues.I will say its my first so I don't have much to compare it to but if you are looking for a first smartphone, this is a very capable little device.front and rear facing camera, gps, Bluetooth that can play music to the headset(way excited about that), good battery life, great screen with the corning scratch resistant screen(don't even need a screen cover). I haven't dropped mine yet but its still doing great.

First off I want to thank the folks who provided a review and feedback about this product. I didn't even go anywhere else afterwards once I began interested in this product and I really try to utilize multiple resources to help make buying decisions. So thanks again as I didn't feel I needed to check anywhere else!I have been living with the Samsung Intercept now for over a year utilizing Virgin Mobile's no contract $25 per month plan (I see "James" who wrote a review in November was doing the same). I looked around for worthwhile alternatives, I didn't want to be stuck into a contract to get a better product or pretty much a similiar one that may only be a minimal upgrade at best that also had no contract. Finally, the search paid off and with 4G no less!I can only tell you at this point since I bought it from Walmart two days ago that the activation procedure went pretty smoothly. I also got the $30 plan for 100 minutes which is enough for me to tell the truth. I set up my email and was able to browse the net both with wifi and 4G in a few hours as I had to wait for some text messages to get rolling.The Intercept served me well and I got a good deal on it so no regrets really but in just a short time I know how much better the Exhibit II is compared to that one. Speed, screen resolution, weight and ease of handling are noted right off the bat.I'll try to give an update in the near future but I'm not sure really what I can add to what already has been provided. If my experience is similiar which I expect nothing less, then run don't walk and buy this if you are the market and the no contract cheap plan fits your needs! So five stars based on me finding in this product and with no contract what no other resource (and I checked for quite awhile) had!

I have a TracFone which I put minutes on occasionally.  I also have a 15-inch laptop, but I don't like to travel with it.  I am thinking about getting a pre-paid smartphone, but from all the info I am getting about them, they really aren't pre-paid at all.  You still are paying a monthly charge to someone, not sure who.  Is there a good "smart" phone that I can add minutes to whenever I need to, such as the little TracFone I have now?

While the phone does take pretty decent pictures, and even has a decent amount of memory meant to deal with applications, it falls short where it matters.  This is the first phone I've ever had that just shuts down by itself for no apparent reason.  As it can do this twenty times a day, and without any indication of it having done so as long as it's in my pocket, things can be very frustrating.  I bought this one quickly as a replacement for an LG that decided to go for a swim.  While the price for an immediate replacement was right with the Exhibit, I wish I would have waited.  The issue with it shutting down is not isolated to myself either.  Just do a Google search and you will see that this is a very common problem.  Stay away from this one if you value your peace (i.e. lack of frustration).  Also, while the memory is technically there to handle applications, it doesn't seem to actually work.  It is very slow at times.  Very slow.

ive had this phone for over 2 months now so ive had plenty of time to see how bad it really is.dont believe all these 4 and 5 star ratings so misleading.the phone is overpriced for what it does.for one thing there is much false advertising in the description.the phone doesnt have 512 mb of ram it has 356 and what they dont tell u is that 88% of this is devoted to running tmobil's pre installed crap apps.u cant uninstall those they are bloatware and there is tons of that. this in fact causes the android os to crash at times and reset alot from lack of ram.so customizing your home screen and such is risky.so 200$ is to much to pay for an unstable phone that tmobil pays samsung to ruin with crapware.next the cam is 3mp no big deal but the description says dvd quality video recording also a fals statement.u can record at 640x480 and dvd is 720x480 it does make a difference on a tv screen or pc monitor.and recording is risky as well it may reset again bah.then reseting during a phonecall bah again.so all in all its not worth it if u want a smart phone u can find better that actually works and for around the same price so keep searching.

I've had this phone since February. It's terrible. The screen freezes frequently. It will power off on its own(usually when I am in the middle of something. If the screen isn't busy freezing, there is a delay between different programs. I'll hit the phone button to make a call, the screen to dial will take a minute to actually come up. I don't recommend this phone at all.

I got this phone for my wife for Christmas and she loves it! It is her first smart phone. She never wanted one because she hates the size of the phones. She thinks all the new phones look way too "manly" because the screens are so big. She has had an iPod Touch and loves that. This phone is the only modern smart phone that has about the same screen size as the iPod Touch.It runs perfectly well. It is smooth and can run about any game I could find on the market. The only problem I have found is that it doesn't have a huge backing from the xda devs. There isn't an easy root as far as I can find. There aren't any custom roms either. Other than that I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone looking for a smaller smart phone with good specs. Plus it is cheap!

I HATE IT!!!! Do you know how many times I had to take the battery out BECAUSE IT FREEZES in about 2 weeks of having this phone, ABOUT 20 TIMES; ( AND I LOST THE COUNT) I NEVER HAD A PHONE LIKE THIS ONE, if anyone out there can help ME AND MY WIFE. We both got it with a family plan, and both PHONES ARE EXACTLY THE SAME WITH THE SAME PROBLEM. FREEZE, FREEZE...  OH, SORRY, FREEZED AGAIN, HELP!!!!!!!!

Update July 13 2012-------------------This phone has gotten buggier in the last month since I've been using it more. It is now almost to the point of being unusable. It's completely unpredictable. It's still non-stop vibrating when it shouldn't be. Other times it won't vibrate when it should - eg I'll have reception and someone will try to call or send a text and phone "receives" it but does nothing to notify me, it doesn't vibrate. It freezes and turns off randomly.I'm running the latest firmware. I've had all these issues since day 1. However, in the last month I've been using my phone much more often for house hunting and job hunting. As a result I've been getting way more glitches. It's absolutely frustrating me to the point of being useless. I like the theory of Android smart phone but I need more reliability. Maybe I have a bad phone, I'm not sure.Original ReviewPros:+ It's a nearly perfect compromise between a high end $400+ phone and a real chepo+ Screen is responsive and rarely ever is slow+ Mostly use it for Groove IP VoIP calls since I have only 100 voice plan minutes.Cons:- Bloatware Apps- Occasionally vibrates nonstop and requires shutdown or even removal of battery.- There are occasional seemingly unrelated glitches. For example a recent glitch involved Google Chat where the phone was displaying certain portions out of order. I would send something, my friend would respond but it would reverse the order. Vary strange - since afterwards I logged on the computer and checked that that the chat was in correct order on the computer. Glitches don't appear to have anything in common other than the underlying OS / hardware. EG, it's not always the same App that will have a glitch.- Battery life. The max I can go is 30 hrs until requiring a recharge - which is a mix of talk, App usage, and standby. Basically make sure it's charged in the morning before you leave for the day. My work building blocks the signal so it could be sucking the battery in the search for a signal it will never find.- Screen cracked - I did drop it, so it's my fault. Unfortunately it landed screen side down on rough concrete sidewalk. Touch screen still works though.Groove IP specific information:+ Sometimes it performs beautifully (exponentially better than my previous device: Samsung Galaxy Player)+ Strangely there is better quality when I call cell numbers.- Other times, there may be echos or times when the other person can't hear me. Mostly when I call wired phones.- Groove IP has many settings to tinker with. A given call may work fine, a different call may require a setting to be messed with.- When idle (eg not in a phone call), Groove IP doesn't always maintain it's connection even if it appears to be connected. I might attempt a call with nothing happening. To fix it, I quit Groove IP and enable airplane mode then put things back to normal.- Obviously if you are using someone else's WiFi such as a friend or you're works, you can't control certain settings like QoS, firewall permissions, WiFi channel, etc.Given the number of variables in internet connection quality, WiFi signal, QoS, etc - it's difficult to determine if some of these issues are indeed Groove IP problems or due to the other variables. If you want to use Groove IP, you will probably have to do some tinkering. In the Groove IP issues, I always can hear fine, but the person on the other end hears echo, or says I'm breaking up.Here's some specific examples and results with Groove IP:Call from my dad's WiFi to Verizon Landline - has trouble hearing meCall from my work WiFi to another Verizon Landline - hears echosCall from my home WiFi to Verizon Cell - works perfectCall from my work WiFi to Unknown Rebate Claim Landline Call center - says I'm breaking upCall from my work WiFi to Sprint (Vigin Mobile) Cell - works perfectCall form my home WiFi to Netflix support Landline - works perfectEcho cancellation does help when there is echo, but sometime they may not hear me. Be ready for troubleshooting.

I don't like the all the pictures come through as videos otherwise i guess it is okay for a cheap phone

My first smart phone, it has more capability than I really need. I&#8217;ve used all the functions they all work as designed. I just installed my original sim card and off we went.Received it within days of order, would recommend this phone without a doubt

Decent midrange phone for its price. Camera is horrible (3.0 mp) and build quality is really cheap. Battery doesn't last long, and proprietary samsung software (touchwiz) takes up most of the ram, so even  after rooting, you only have like 100mb. Still, its very cheap for a prepaid android phone with midrange specs. Comes with alot of bloatware, so rooting is recommended.edit: phone stopped working a week after 1 year of use. No physical damage, looks brand new, but stuck in a boot loop. Data reset to factory conditions did not help, nor did reinstalling the firmware. Phone works for about 10 minutes, then resets.

How many chances do you give a cell phone?  I like the style and features of the Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G the first phone I purchased had to be returned kept on dying out (may have been a bad battery) had no problem returning for a replacement phone. The replacement Samsung Galaxy Exhibit cell phone I had since July 12, 2012 it hasn't made a year yet and just like the first phone I purchased it just died.  T-mobile if you don't buy directly from them they really don't want to be bothered or you can pay an ARM AND A LEG $$$$$$ to have a phone that you haven't had a year repaired.  I gave it three stars only because I loved the features of the phone before it gave out and the style of the phone is nice but I rather have a phone that actually WORK!!

Initially I was turned off by the very poor battery life, even after turning off wifi, GPS and Bluetooth and putting the screen brightness to the lowest setting.  I was also disappointed at the sluggishness of the phone, plus how it would freeze not infrequently.  I was thinking of returning the phone at that time.However, after spending LOTS of time trying to figure out how to root the phone, and finally accomplishing this, the phone really does seem to work like a charm.  After googling "how to root Samsung Exhibit 2" and reading the top several matches, I got frustrated that I could not seem to find the right Samsung driver or download Zerg Rush Root.  But after scrolling to the next page of matches, I found an entry on "Samsung Exhibit 2" in Wikipedia.  The directions under "rooting" worked like a charm for me.  They had the Samsung device driver for download, as well as Zerg Rush.  It took me a little while to figure out how to download Winzip (I used the free "evaluation" version), which I needed to "extract" the Zerg Rush zip file.  But after I figured that out, turned my phone to USB debugging, and plugged it into my computer, the phone automatically went into root mode (I saw a DOS screen pop up, giving the status of the rooting), and about 5 minutes later, the phone was all rooted!  I then downloaded "Titanium Backup" (you first have to tell your phone to allow apps from non-Android marketplace), went to "backup/ restore" and deleted the unwanted apps.The battery life has increased tremendously since rooting the phone, deleting the junk apps and also installing Juice Defender.  I leave wifi on all the time, and 14 hours later, the battery still has 77% life left in it.  Before this, the battery would be nearly empty by this point.  I even bought extra charging cords to have in the office and in the car, but it looks like I won't be needing these too much now.  I can now wait to charge the phone when I get home.Unfortunately, one day after I rooted the phone, I am not able to find the link above to paste into this review.  I went to Wikipedia and did not find anything under "Samsung Exhibit 2", nor could I retrace my steps and google my way to it.  Sorry about that.  But good luck trying to root your phone.  It was worth the effort and frustration on my end, although just barely.

I purchased this phone a couple of months ago, but I wanted to wait until I had some time with it before posting a review.1. Power/volume buttons are in a terrible place. When I hold the phone to press the power button, I also press the volume buttons! This is a terrible design.2. Phone is very slippery, especially if you are holding it awkwardly due to #1 above. You will need a case to protect from falls and drops.3. The virtual keyboard is not good if you have even normal size fingers. I spend a lot of time backspacing to correct the wrong letters as I type.4. Sometimes phone loses settings after powering off and powering on again (e.g., vibrate).5. Bluetooth/SYNC issue where the phone disconnects randomly from SYNC in the car without any warning. This is terrible as I miss calls while driving. Can't use cell and drive so this is key!!!6. Poor poor poor battery life. I don't really surf a lot (except for the ocassional Pandora session) and rarely use the phone while in the office, so why is the battery being drained so low every day?? Probably due in part to the...7....crap software that is loaded and running on this phone. Just don't have the patience to try and figure out how to remove the useless junk. I have seen mulitple posts on how to do this so it's worth looking for, if interested.Overall, it is not a bad phone, but it is frustrating to have to deal with all the minor issues. The phone works well for calling, light surfing, texting and checking email.

Phone has too many delays when trying to move from one site to the next.  The keyboard is too small...I spend twice as long typing a text message because the keypad is so small I have to constantly make corrections.  Not too pleased with this item.

I was searching for a rich featured Android phone that would not break my pockets. This phone has many of the features of the more expensive Android and smart phones in a small footprint. Going on my 2nd month of use and haven't found a problem yet.- Great pictures- Front facing camera- Tons of apps to choose from Android Market- Light weight and small- Security  features that protect my data- Backup contact  with Gmail

When I tried to activate the phone online, the phone serial # (IMEI) was not recognized. I called customer service and an hour later the phone was activated. However, since I wanted to port my number from Virgin, I had to wait an additional 32 hours before that occurred. I realize that was probably due to Virgin, not T-Mobile, but still a hassle. In the meantime they gave me a temporary number to use.Now on to the phone itself. Tried to set up the WiFi calling to no avail even though I had an excellent signal from my router. The phone hooked up to my WiFi instantly with no issues, but the WiFi calling feature would not work. Tried to make calls on the network, and that didn't work either. Finally called support and after almost 2 hours of jumping through hoops, the rep tells me that the phone is probably defective. For T-mobile to make an exchange, it could take up to 2 weeks, so the rep suggested that I contact Amazon for a replacement, which I am now waiting for.I don't have a good feeling about this and I fully expect the replacement phone not to work either. I'm guessing that all of the Amazon stock on these phones probably were built at the same time. I will update my review after getting the replacement.

Exhibit 2 is all you can ask for at price &lt;$200.  The phone is really fast with 1 Ghz processor once its rooted though. The screen is clear and bright even during mid day, email and messages work nicely with push notifications from gmail app.  The camera is ok, both front and back cameras work fluidly during skype chats and music is clear with 5.1 surround sound on headphones.  The touch screen is very receptive although at times you feel your don't have the smooth surface to use swype effectively, trick is not to actually clean your screen so often.  Browsing is good with Wifi and GPS working great and connect at N speeds if your router supports.One more thing about GPS, you DON'T need to have a data plan for GPS to work.  You can pre catch using google maps a certain area of 10 miles radius and use GPS to navigate without data plan, it works.  Also you can use all those health and fitness apps (although I recommend my tracks by google) to record the track you run/jog/cycle and then come back home to overlay the map and share. Once again GPS does NOT require data plan.Yes as everyone else mentioned, the available ram is only 356 MB and not the entire 512 MB.  If you don't root the phone, there are bunch of apps from T-mobile which will eat up all the ram and usually hovers at around 315 MB, once rooted you really feel the speed of the phone, and ram hovers at 250 MB, ofcourse depending upon the programs you run.

I have had iphones to standerd UI phones, they all suited me quite well! But I decided to do this 30 dollar a month ( unlimted texting and data on a 4G network!) ! ITS AWESOME! Im saving so much money and the phone is great, its fast and the android experience is lifechanging! If you are looking for a new prepaid phone I highly recommend this phone, I am an avid electronics user and own things from laptops to a playstation vita, this is by far my favorite piece of technology! I have one tid bit, it gets a little warm but not too bad. BUY!

This has to be one of the worst phones out there! No matter what other people say do NOT Get this crappy phone! I just got it a week ago and I've already used all my data. Just by getting one app!  Also the screen got really dark while trying to answer my phone! I couldn't even see who was calling (it was on full battery too) Another reason you should Not get this phone is because every time I got a call the volume instantly went down and would not go up. The phone is also very slippery and takes crappy pictures! My messages are also always failing and I have to resend them like five times.  Please, If you want a good phone do not even consider this phone!  I met somebody who got a new phone because this one is so dang Horrible! DON'T GET THIS PHONE!!!!!

I love this phone.  I switched from iPhone and wanted to get on the android network.  This phone screams at great speeds plus it has a built in hotspot that you can have for $15 a month or .50 a day with t-mobile.  It has a great front and rear cam which is great for skyping sporting events for the kids back to Grandma.  I have owned tons of phones because I like to change so often.  I can see me with this phone for a while.  The only draw back is the bloatware or tmobile sponsered software on it.  If anyone roots this and knows how to pull the the locked software off that would be great.  This can only happen via a Rooted phone.

This phone is the best performance per dollar smart phone for the people who can get TMobile HSPA+ connection. The HSPA+ data download and upload speed are 3Mbps - 8Mbps and 500kbps - 3Mbps. If one is not on the HSPA+ network, the phone will switch to EDGE network, and the data download and upload speed will be reduced to 40kbps - 100 kbps and 40kbps - 120kbps. GroveIP + Google Voice combo do not work really good on Tmobile EDGE network because the data speed is way too slow. The GroveIP voice will either be lagging or breaking up and it's an unacceptable calling experience. The same result applies to Skype, however if one switch to a good Wifi network and then this wont be a problem. But we all know that using Wifi means you have to stick in that room, so don't even dream about driving and use GroveIP to call someone on a wifi network at the same time.Tmobile post paid call centers people are in US but the pre-paid ones are not. It may not be a fun experience to deal with the pre-paid customer agents. It took me about 4 hours to switch from a post-paid Tmobile account to a pre-paid $30 100 min, unlimited text and data plan. It is very tricky on how to move my post paid phone number to a pre-paid service and also select this $30 100 min unlimited plan.The default Tmobile Wifi calling app does use your own plan minutes when you make a call on a Wifi network. I think this is lame and it is wrong.The battery lasts about 2 days of usages if one is on EDGE network. The battery lasts less than 1/2 day if one uses HSPA+ and playing with video and music.I got this phone for about 2 weeks.The phone supports Tethering and Portable Hotspot but by default, Tmobile will block the service even if you have unlimited data plan. Additional cost is required to use this service.A screen protector is not needed. I just keep the original MFG plastic screen cover on and let a 9 years old kid to play Fruit Ninja for about 1 hour, as result, it works fine, no damage on the phone screen.The front phone cam produces really crappy image quality. But it is still useable to let others see you.As of Jan 19, 2012, I think this phone will not get Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade.Overall, this phone is not as good as iPhone 3GS, no where near iPhone4 and iPhone4S. But for $189, this is still the best value phone when using TMobile $30 100 minutes, unlimited text and unlimited data monthly plan.********************************************************************************************************Updated April 21, 2012Dial *#*#197328640#*#* and option 1->8->7->2->2 to use 3G/4G network only.Dial *#7465625# to see if the phone is locked or not.

PROS: The 1GHz processor is fast.UI is smooth.Plenty of graphics horsepower.All-day battery life.Responsive, hi-res touchscreen with capacitive buttons.Lots of features for the camera.Front-facing camera.Good call quality.CONS: Single-core processor introduces noticeable lag when background processes or services demand attention.Power button placement is awkward: being directly across from the volume rocker makes it easy to adjust the volume while trying to put the phone to sleep.Could use more RAM. High quality, demanding games tend to either crash frequently or not run at all due to insufficient memory (and poor memory management on the part of the program).Low capacity of built-in storage (~1GB system storage and ~1.6GB program storage).Camera picture quality is decent, but could be better.Insufficient ringer volume.This phone is my first foray into the Android universe, and coming from a WebOS phone it has been a real eye opener. The responsiveness and smoothness of the 1GHz processor was my first pleasant surprise. The apps available from the Android Market and the Amazon App Store provided the next shot of wonderfulness. Now that I've had it for almost 2 months, I still love it. Paired with T-Mobile's $30/mo. unlimited data/100 mins./month prepaid plan, it's the best value for data hogs out there.This smartphone is comparable to the top-of-the-line model from about 12 months ago, so it probably isn't for someone who's looking for the latest & greatest; but for someone who's looking for an excellent value in mobile computing and communication, the Samsung Exhibit II 4G should be on his short list.*** One short note about T-Mobile's prepaid service. The phone comes with a T-Mobile branded visual voicemail app (which cannot be removed) that is rendered useless because T-Mobile won't enable the service for prepaid customers. T-Mobile also will not allow conditional call-forwarding to enable the use of Google Voicemail. While I would really like to have my voicemail transcribed, it's not worth the extra $30 - $40/mo. to get a qualifying post-paid plan.If not having visual voicemail is a dealbreaker for you, then prepare to shell out the money for a traditional plan; but if you can get past that speed bump and you salivate over the thought of 5GB of cellular data at 4G speed per month + 100 mins. of voice for $30/mo, then this is one phone you should seriously consider.

Such an awful phone.  It takes over 3 minutes for it to boot up.  There is a 15 second lag before calls can be picked up since the screen stays blank.  It reboots non-stop randomly every week, and the phone itself freezes up weekly as well.

In my opinion this is a horrible phone. The processor seems to be extremely slow between functions. Press on the message icon and sometimes it takes at least 5 seconds to come up. And the worst thing about this is that when u want to write a text the 'tap here to write' area is not sensitive enough. Occasionally it take 20+  taps to be able to pull up the key board to write. Very seriously considering ditching this phone. Also to get data, unless u are in a very good reception 4g area getting on line is almost impossible. Very frustrating. Another con is at the power power button is directly across the phone from the volume button so whenu power on or off u will also hit the volume button naturally. Poor layout. I do love the swipe function for texting though, that bit is awesome.Multiple times already I have had to take the battery out to get is phone back into life as it locks up or does whatever it's doing. Very frustrating.Already looking for a new phone, but if u feel $180 is a good deal then go for it, but it's very flawed!

I've had this phone for 2 months.The Phone:Solid phone. Its great because its not pushing any technology envelope, its really reliable and consistent. Its technologically similar to the EVO 4g, so plenty fast for most everything. And actually the EVO has the Snapdragon S1 processor and this has the Snapdragon S2, slightly newer processor. But its also a technology  that they've been working with for over a year so all the kinks seem to have been worked out.I'd rather have a 1ghz phone that works every time I need it than a dual-core 1.2ghz that fritzes out, turns on and off, gets hot, and does random stuff.The size is great. I don't really want my phone to dominate my pockets... The screen size works very well. I watch netflix on it regularly, email, web pages load really well and are easy to navigate, games are good. Texting is easy. I like the swype. Its improved smooth and quick.And at $200 I'm not so worried about it. Can you imagine carrying a $400 object in your pocket! I'd think about it all the time. This is way lower stress and a gain in workability.+Music player works great. Good sound without any enhancements.+I like how they do the calendar and the day's appointments are displayed below the monthly calendar.+Contacts software is well integrated and usable.+Being able to create folders inside the app menu is nice.-I liked the text msgr until I realized it cut photos sent thru MMS down to 9kb, can't even see them. So I use GO Messaging from App market. It only cuts them down to 30kb. Which is very readable. (I didn't like Handcent because when monitoring memory usage with the apps open, Handcent took up more memory and left more memory tied up even after I closed it.)+It has Tasklist and Memo apps that are well thought out.+The pull-down bar lets you change screen orientation, wifi on/off, bluetooth settings. Very handy.+Photo gallery loads quick.-Camera kind of sucks. Its usable for quick pictures and sharing good times, but I'm not going to print them out and frame them.+Skype works!! Well it doesn't work from the phone to a computer for some reason. But it works great from phone to phone. Had a great chat with my Brother on his EVO 4g.+They send you Txt reminders for making the prepaid payment on time starting 3 days before they're due.**Wifi Calling is installed and works great but it uses your minutes. Originally I thought I would get a minutes plan to save money and use wifi calling as much as possible but no-can-do. Wifi is just a way to get you service in low service areas. It still uses your minutes, so I moved to the unl minutes plan.I will say the less apps you put on a phone the better they run. The App Market is just not as well managed as Apple's App Store. The Apps in the Market can take up excessive memory, create memory leaks that increase the memory they take up even when closed, they conflict sometimes with other apps due to the access privileges they require, they slow the phone down.I watch carefully thru a memory monitoring app and see what apps do to the phone system and delete those that cause issues.I can get 3 days out of this phone's battery this way.Fortunately, which is something I love about this phone, most of the software I use is on the phone and it works really well. I'm very happy with it.The Service:I switched from Sprint. I'm glad I did. I paid $200 for the phone and now just pay the prepaid 4g monthly of $50/mo. I get unlm talk and text and 100mb of data at 4g and then unlimited data at 2g/3g. Its good for the occasional Navigated trip and getting emails (w/o attachments). Otherwise I just use wifi at home or office or friends. Easy enough and only $50/mo. Huge savings over Sprint/Vzn/ATT. And T-mobile has been pleasant to work with. I'm in Savannah, GA and service is great.

i HAVE HAD THIS PHONE FOR LESS THAN A YEAR AND THE WHOLE TIME I HAVE DEALT WITH IT FREEZING UP, NOT DOING WHAT IT'S SUPPOSED TO AND CONSTANTLY HAVING TO TAKE THE BATTERY OUT FOR IT TO WORK HALFWAY RIGHT.....DO NOT BUY!!!

For the most part, it gets the job done.  It has issues with freezing-up, which forces me to have to restart at least 2-3 times a week.  This is mainly due to horsepower, or lack thereof.  If you get this phone, don't expect it to behave like a high end smartphone.  It's a decent entry-level phone for basic tasks.  If you run sophisticated apps, you should probably spring for something better.

I really like this android phone.It's lite, it's faster than my tmobile G2 ( now my son's phone), and it's thinner than my old G2.The screen is very responsive and has the 2.3.5 os loaded.Very happy with my purchase.

I just got the delivery of this phone yesterday, and it took me about 12 mins to set it going.... and yeah, it fully qualifies for the $30 (100 mins + unlimited text and data with 4G speeds for 5GB)... at least it worked for me! I just followed the instructions mentioned in the starter kit and chose this plan on the site. And yes, I bought the phone from Amazon.I have used iPhone 3G in the past, and this one definitely outsmarts the iPhone 3G for sure. I haven't checked out on iPhone4 as yet. But who needs an iPhone4 when most of the features come at one forth of the cost. And, without any contract!The phone is pretty zippy even with a 1Ghz  single core processor... definitely not as zippy as Galaxy S2 Skyrocket which runs on a dual-core 1.5 Ghz. Having said that, I am only comparing. The phone is quite fast really!Gingerbread 2.3.5 is simply amazing! There are virtually unlimited Apps available. Samsung TouchWiz UI is very good and intuitive. I love the swipe left/right for message/call feature. Very basic, but so useful!As mentioned by other reviewers, there is quite some bloatware pre-installed on the phone, that one cannot remove (as of now). But, it is definitely not a factor to reject the phone. Some people might just find these useful as well.I haven't connected the phone to my PC as yet and shall update a line or two on the same in some days.I have ordered 32 Gigs of micro sd and will let know how it goes. Per some other reviews, it worked out well.I had charged the battery to full last afternoon and have been doing quite a lot of wi-fi, downloads et all, and yet it has about 28% left. This is where the Exhibit II beats the Skyrocket hands down. The Skyrocket is a battery-drainer, of course due to its larger screen and bigger processor.I am glad that I bought this phone over Galaxy S2, and I would definitely recommend it to someone who does not need a super computer on-the-go and wants to have a decent smartphone with no contract.More updates soon!Update 1 (01/28): Exactly a month's usage, and I am more than happy to have bought this phone. It doubles up as a very decent music player with 32 gigs memory. I would suggest downloading PowerAMP and good in-ear head-phones (J5 JBuds from JLabs is what I use.. they 're neat).On the down side, at times the phone is a bit sluggish when unlocking the phone with pass code. Not that bad since its not that frequent. Also, I don't really use Kies Air to manage and transfer music. I find it ok to use, but am more comfortable just dragging and dropping music folders onto the phone.I have installed quite a number of Apps and all of them have worked excellently on the phone.The voice quality is good, the 4G coverage is very good, at the least in my neighborhood and my work place. Since I have the $30 unlimited data package with first 5GB at 4G, I never really use wi-fi. I guess it improves the battery performance further. I have disabled the 'Background Data' in accounts and sync under settings. I check my emails manually when needed.All in all, I am quite happy with my purchase so far, and I expect it to service me for about 18 months to 2 years at the least.

So far it has been working great I bought it just a while ago. Has two problems. First problem is that when I want to reply to a message, where it says &#34;Tap here to enter message&#34; I have to click it several times before the keyboard pops up so I can write. Second, the battery runs out pretty quickly, I do have my Wi-Fi on all the time and use whatsup app but that's it. I have to recharge the battery every night. I do not know if that is normal for phones to do that since this is my first smartphone. I may buy one of those rechargeable batteries that are sold on Amazon to replace this one. Anyway overall, the phone is pretty nice and not bad for the price.

I love this phone! There's so many reasons why this is such a great phone, here's a few off the top of my head...1. Low price for an unlocked full featured phone (have to wait 60 days to unlock free)2. Large User base and developer/hacker base. Plenty of Samsung Exhibit II user forums to get most of your newbie questions answered3. Lots of inexpensive accessories/batteries/cases. I paid  $13 for a bundle that included 2 batteries/charger/gel case/screen protector4. Lots of useful info by other owners/users if you read the reviews here5. Great multimedia Android phone. I just finished watching the latest Transformers movie on the phone with Netflix!6. Excellent T-Mobile 4G network7. Excellent, inexpensive prepaid plans. I pay only $30 per month using the Walmart 100 min/unlimited data/text plan8. Turn your phone into a wireless hotspot for only $15/month and run your laptop and up to 5 wifi devices using your phone as a wifi hotspot.9. Use your Gmail and Google Calendar and Google Maps10. Great GPS functions and mapping11. Facebook, Meetup.com, Metro.net etc. most of the websites that I frequent have apps available12. microSDHC slot to add up to 32gb of memory13. Camera, voice/audio recorder14. Free wifi calling using Google Voice and GrooveIP. Takes a little messing around but once you get it, you'll love it and not use up your 100 minutes. Buy the$5.00 full version of GrooveIP and don't bother with the free/crippled version.14. Plenty of hacks to root this phone and get rid of bloatwareI bought this phone from Amazon and use the Walmart/Tmobile $30 prepaid plan giving me unlimited data/texting and 100 minutes of voice calls. But with the FREE WiFi calling (see #14) I use less than 50 minutes a month as I'm always around a wifi network. If I manage to exceed the 100 minutes, I pay 10 cents a minute... big deal... Later this month, I'm gonna try using the phone as a wifi hotspot ($15/mo) and if it works well at home, I'll dump my cable service that I pay $136/month for cable internet and tv!Just re-upped with Netflix for $8/month for unlimited instant videos as they've added a lot of movies to their catalog and don't bother with the mail in DVD's anymore... Although I did just buy a Blu-Ray player... The Netflix movies play great... well, I was using my cable/wifi connection to watch a movie. I haven't tried watching a video on just the 4G connection yet.Oh, I live at the bottom of a canyon in the Hollywood Hills and most of the other service providers I would not get any reception but with T-Mobile I get a solid 3-4 bars!Cons:1. Battery life is not too long if you are a heavy web user. But buy a couple of spare batteries ($7ea) and no problemo...2. Phone is small and slippery standard, so get the gel case and that will fix the problem and protect the phone3. Seems I can't view my Amazon Prime free videos on the phone. But maybe it's possible and I just haven't figured it out yet...Yeah, I'm a huge fan... this is a great deal for the phone and low monthly cost for a prepaid/no contract unlocked phone.UPDATE 9-2013: I suppose I've downloaded too many apps. My web browsing and operation of the phone has slowed considerably. I am now planning to root my phone and remove all apps that are  bloatware and not needed. Thus at this time, I'm down grading this review from 5 stars to 3 stars. This is a single core processor, so my next phone will most likely be a quad core or no less than a dual core processor. If after I root the phone and it enhances the performance back to acceptable levels, I'd bump the rating back up. zxcvb

It's a great pay as you go phone, with decent connect, great price and as a college student not crazy contract I have to worry about if I'm late a payment.

So far I really like this phone. It is my second Android phone and a huge upgrade from my previous phone. I went with the T-Mobile $60 a month plan. Basically you get unlimited minutes and texting and 2GB up to 4G speeds (after which it drops down to Edge but I haven't gone over my limit yet).I am finding a couple of things out about T-Mobile's "No Contract" plan(s) that I don't like. Well really it is only one issue. That issue is Voice Mail. T-Mobile does NOT allow any sort of call forwarding on their "No Contract" plans. As a result it is impossible to set up Google Voice for Voice Mail. With my other Android phone I was able to set up Google Voice so that it would be my Voice Mail for people calling my regular phone number. This is NOT possible with T-Mobile due to their no call forwarding feature on "No Contract" phones. It really stinks!Also the phone comes with a pre-installed app called T-Mobile Visual Voicemail. I don't know much about it other than I believe it gives some of the features of Google Voice (like text transcription of the Voice Mail message). However it doesn't work. I called T-Mobile about it and you guessed it ... the Visual Voicemail app doesn't work when you are on their "No Contract" plan.Like WTF !!!Not very happy about that but yes the usual T-Mobile Voice Mail works but I don't want that ... I want Google Voice. However it doesn't work (as it should) due to the restriction of the call forwarding thing. That alone is bad enough but the fact that T-Mobile's own pre-installed Visual Voicemail app doesn't work (because of the "No Contract" plan) is just plain dumb. I don't understand why T-Mobile is being such jerks about all this.I really wish T-Mobile would fix all this as it is a thorn in my side.Other than this issue though the phone is great but consider this: You can get this phone REALLY cheap if you sign up for a (I believe 2-year) contract. Doing so will allow call forwarding so things like Google Voice will work. Also T-Mobile's own Visual Voicemail app will work.I got this phone because I don't mind paying more up front to have no contract. Money is tight for me now and I never know from one month to the next what may come and at least this way I know I'm not tied into something. Obviously I plan on keeping it going from month to month but who knows what the future will bring. Anyway the point is this: I do not appreciate being some bastard step child to T-Mobile who refuses to give me basic services just because I'm on a "No Contract" plan. I paid almost $200 for this phone and I paid for the $60 monthly plan. I should not be restricted. And yes I asked and no you cannot pay extra to get call forwarding and they don't care when you tell them that there is no sense in having an Android phone that can't use one of Google's main services.It is a really bizarre situation.P.S.My last phone allowed call forwarding and thus could use Google Voice for Voice Mail and yet it was with cricKet which is a "No Contract" budget carrier. So they can do it but T-Mobile cannot? I really feel cheated on this issue. Sigh.

I bought this phone about a year and a half ago. I recommended this phone to a couple of family members who bought them almost at the same time frame I bought mine. I am not a paid promoter. I just love samsung products for their durability. After a year of using this phone, the phone developed what I think is battery problem. I would fully charge it and would make or receive a call and the phone would go completely dead. I bought a new battery and the phone works but would sometime hang and I would have to remove the battery and put it back, then turn it on before it works. The other family members also have the same problem and had to change their phone batteries almost at the same time. Is this phone programmed to develop a problem after a year? Does this phone have an expiration date? I know some phones do. All in all, it has served me well as I enjoyed using it when it worked perfectly well.

The features of this phone meet my needs; its 4G speed makes receiving email effortless, web browsing a snap, and of course receiving clear voice calls. The phone is an excellent choice for anyone considering a smart phone.

for the money this phone can pretty much do it all, but there are times I go crazy waiting for a text to go through, but that could just be the T-Mobile service.

Android 2.2 but cheap enough  soI can take it with me in rough circumstances and not worry about it (travel and outdoor sports). Does everything I need but is not a $300 liability I need to worry about.

I bought this phone about six months ago.  I decided to wait until I have used it for a while so that I can report on my success stories.  Unfortunately, the phone stopped accepting or making calls about a month ago.  After spending about an hour on the phone (another phone) with TMobile and then an hour with Samsung , I was permitted to send the phone to Samsung for repairs.  After about 3.5 weeks, I received my phone, and it has not been fixed.  I just got off the phone with Samsung again, and I am on my way to send the phone back to Samsung again.  I hope that this time either they really really fix it, or they would replace it.  In the meantime, I will probably be without the use of my phone for another 3-4 weeks.Update,After four separate repair cycles, and a three month delay,  Samsung decided not to repair the unit anymore and send me a replacement.  Unfortunately, the replacement is an older used phone, which was probably returned by another customer due to its own set of defects.  I am now watching the phone anxiously to discover the defects of this phone, two of which I have already discovered.Needless to say, I am not happy with the purchase of this phone.Final UpdateThe so called working replacement from Samsung died five months later.  All told, I had 11 months of mediocre use from this purchase.ReflectionIt appears that, if one gets a defective phone, the Samsung repair department might actually hasten the demise of the phone.

I had a lot of fun with this phone. My 3rd smart phone, 2nd android phone. Unusable out of the box, transformed into a very nice phone thanks to devs, CM10 and other jelly bean based roms. No longer have it but had fun rooting and loading different roms back in 2010-11. Will always remember this little guy. Loved high res LCD 800x480 on 3.7" is still very nice today. My new 4.5" has lower ppi than this. Everything looks vibrant and nice. 3MP camera is better than other 3MP in its class for stills and video. I was excited to use the front cam with skype. Was my first smart phone with the front cam. VGA but still useful. Removable back cover, replaceable battery, if that matters. Takes standard size sim. Runs different GPS apps, almost never had gps issues.My only complaint the ringer is very quiet, compared to other phones i've head by Nokia and LG. The volume rocker is very soft. I often accidentally pressed it with my fingers. Out of the box needs to be rooted, debloated, custom-rommed, app2sd a must due to low internal memory. Otherwise its just a laggy POS.

This thing is durable compared to other smartphones! No cracked screen and I like the size. Fits right in my pocket!

Hate this phone.  Always freezes up and is just generally a crappy phone.  Regret ever ordering this thing!!!!!!  Hate Hate Hate

This is a great 4G phone but I did not buy it through Amazon.com.  Don't know why it is in the review for me. Buti can say I love this phone. I have an LG G2X and the Exhibit is just as good as the LG.  I switch sym cards to useboth phones.

I might like it, however shopcelldeals first send a non working phone. Then when I received my return it was the wrong phone, sent it back still waiting for my return. Lets cross our fingers maybe this time shopcelldeals might get it right, don't they say third times a charm?

This sleek little bugger was a snap to activate--all I did was pop in my current SIM card I was using with an unlocked Moto Q, power this baby up and in 2 minutes was sending and receiving calls and texts. (yeah I did charge it to 100% first.) I registered this thing at Samsung's web site and was shocked to see it only left the factory line 9 days before it was shipped! These arent some warehouse clearance specials, they are brand-new.I tested the 4G where it was available, and it was darn close to 2MBps, faster than my home DSL. I upped my TMobile plan and am looking forward to trying the wireless hotspot. There was no advertising or announcement that TMobile was rolling out 4G here in Central Florida. It works a lot of the main areas, not out in the boonies where I live...Great phone, Android Gingerbread waaaaay faster than Froyo...camera takes great pics, the built-in media player is nice w headphones. Could have come with a better ringtone and wallpaper assortment. The Google Maps GPS gets me in my yard to about a foot of real-life. Sweet.The included data cable didn't allow it to self-install drivers in Windows 7 64-bit, so I downloaded the Samsung New PC Studio (yeah that's what they call it) and then was able to browse the phone and add stuff to my SD card. I got a 32GB one somewhere at 32 bucks...so now I got me a touch-screen Gingerbread MP3 player..that has a 4G phone built in!! for like 170 bucks less than the 32BG IPod. Can't beat that with a stick.One Week UPDATE....okay, it's been a week...the battery last pretty well if u keep a shortcut to Task Manager on the 1 home screen and shut stuff down when you're done. The 4G speed is incredible when you have a good 4G signal (6MBps download at speedtest.net). The hotspot is a cinch to set up...I helped friends on Boost with the Galaxy Prevail..while that's a bang for the buck (was on sale at B.B. for 75...they look at mine and say I WANT DAT..

I bought this 'phone for my wife but it's been a huge problem. After a few months the sound cuts off and the wireless connection works only part of the time(same network connection). My wife is afraid she will need the 'phone for an emergency and it won't work.I'm a techie so I know how to work these devices but this p-o-s will work for a while and then quit. I have to pull the battery and then it works fine.I'm going to junk this phone and try something else. I would say "don't buy it" ...jbs/

After less than 1 month of using this phone, we experienced texting issues - essentially texts wouldn't send & we'd get a failure message.  A call to T Mobile customer service had us going through all kinds of hoops trying to diagnose the issue & finally the CS just told us to switch our SIM card.  We did & the phone worked well for about 1 week.  We are now back to texting issues & unable to receive/make phone call issues where we have to power down the phone, wait & power it up again.However, upon looking at the message boards on the T Mobile website, I learned that other people have this same issue & T Mobile has acknowledged the issue, but has not resolved it.&lt;&lt;This is a known issue with this device. Putting the phone on GSM only, as mike_s stated, is a workaround. We ask that you please be patient with us as we work with Samsung to come up with a resolution.>>The T Mobile workaround:I have found a few things that can help you text in the meantime.  First, I'd look to uninstall any texting applications that were used during the failures, and if the texts aren't very long, it might help to not allow the phone to switch between 2G/3G networks.  This can be done like this;1. From the Home screen, press the Menu key.2. Tap Settings.3. Tap Wireless and Networks.4. Tap Mobile Networks.5. Tap Network mode.6. Tap GSM Only.While it isn't ideal to keep your phone on GSM only (as browsing speeds will be slower and you will need to manually change the network back to get faster data speeds) we have found that short texts on GSM only rarely fail.  I hope this temporary workaround finds you well, and know that we will continue to work on this.T-ForcePersonally, I think that patience can only last so long.  Apparently, T Mobile has known about this issue since November but has done nothing to fix it nor have they offered a replacement phone to unsatisfied buyers.We really liked this phone, but it is simply unusable if it doesn't allow a user to text.  From 5 stars to 1 star.3/8/12:  Phone still has texting issues & T-Mobile has done nothing to rectify the issue.  You can never tell if the phone's recipient actually received your text & we are still experiencing bouts of text sending failure.  We are switching to the Lumia 710 & giving up on this phone.  Disappointing.  What a waste of money.ORIGINAL POST (LOVED THE PHONE):We are on a T-Mobile family plan & it was time to bring my spouse into the world of smartphones.  Since he is hard on his phones, I didn't want to spend a lot of money, but wanted him to have access to email, maps & the other benefits that smartphones provide.The Samsung Exhibit II is an impressive little phone.  It is easy to pick up & start using right off the bat.  It has swype capability, voice texting & an easy to use/read calendar (voice capability to add an "event").  There are a ton of nice features packed into this phone & it costs less than half of the "fancier" smartphones on the market.We purchased a soft silicone case to startBlack Soft Silicone Skin Case Cover for Samsung Exhibit 4G T759& it fits fine; however, when a more durable case comes available, we will probably upgrade.

I have been using this phone for over 9 mos. now and I love it.  This phone is a great first Android phone.  It can easily be modified to your liking.  Fantastic phone!

I ABSOLUTELY love this cell. In fact, I'm using it to write this review. I have the Walmart plan( 30$ a month for 5gb data, unlimited texting, 100 mins) and I'm super happy with it! The 5gb data means I can use 170 MB a day! Perfect flexible for Pandora!.However,the battery SUCKS unless you route it and uninstall the bloatware.  Hate the keyboard so I downloaded GO keyboard from the market. Love it. Except the battery.

No activation code given, and T Mobile is EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to deal with.  Worthless garbage if you can't activate it.

I was expecting this phone to be decent and usable. But I am blown away by it's hardware. The screen is amazing. Bright, sharp and crisp are words I would use to describe it. It is one of the nicer screens I have used on a phone or tablet.The phone also performs well. I haven't had any troubles running programs yet and in the few videos I have pulled up on the internet played without any problems. There has been a couple hesitations when trying to switch between windows but it definitely is not the norm. I am impressed with the interface that Samsung has put on the phone. I was thinking I would need to tinker/root the phone to maximize it's abilities, but I might just leave it as is. However, the phone is loaded with bloatware. Rooting might be worthwhile to get rid of all the excess programs.The phone comes with an activation kit...however, I popped in a post-paid SIM and it ran fine. 4G works as advertised.

I've had this phone over a year now & its been okay. I will say that if you don't have patience, don't buy this phone. It will test your patience on numerous occasions. For one, the memory is terrible. After about eight months into the phone, I have no memory what so ever to listen to music & take photos/look through photos. It glitches a lot. With incoming phone calls the screen will be black for a few seconds THEN will show the call screen, whereas on better smart phones the call will automatically show up. Loading applications takes a little longer than desired. I've tried applications in which that would help speed up the phone, but there's only so much you can do. Sometimes, if the phone is overwhelmed by so much, it just reboots itself. The battery, over time, will go on you, especially if you use a lot of applications. I would suggest to constantly have a charger handy. I mean, for a person that needs a phone with basic smart phone capabilities for cheap, this is okay. However, I have learned my lesson not to be cheap with my cell phones. I'll be sure to save up & look at higher end models for now on. Good luck with this phone.

Although the set-up was a breeze, after several weeks I found myself longing for my old flip phone.  I'd have to swipe the face five times before getting the &#34;home page.&#34;  Several times the face went blank and I'd have to re-start the phone before I could place a call.  Even though I didn't surf the web frequently and used the phone mostly for texting and talking, the battery drained rapidly, requiring charges every two days.  When asked to &#34;tap for a reply&#34; to a text message, I'd peck away at the bar and no typing keys would appear.  When I turned the phone horizontally to use the larger keyboard, the screen often remained vertical, forcing me to use the smaller keyboard.

After breaking my android and finding out that it cost $450, I knew I was in for a downgrade. But to my surprise, this is NOT a downgrade yet is LESS THAN HALF THE PRICE of other droids! Fast connection, good image quality, and lightweight. I haven't been able to activate the hotspot like I could with my old phone, but that may be a change in my tmobile data package? I highly recommend a case and then you're good to go! Very satisfied.

4G is very fast & video is HD quality. The auto-rotate while texting is slow to respond,though. Still- a good buy from Amazon.

Phone does not connect to local time, issue has been going on almost three weeks and not resolved. Cannot turn phone off, have to take out battery to reboot. This just started and I have not download tons of apps. Was watching a news video and could not get out of the screen, everything froze up.  Google account will show on gmail page there is a new message, and then I go to the account to retrieve it and it was not there. Had to go to PC. Lots of sync issues.

i have had this phone for months now and i have grown to distain it. it is consistantly frustrating. keeps forgetting my custom ringtones. is overly complicated when it comes to email alerts. screen is often extremely unresponsive. agonizingly laggy.i had an iphone for a few months while i was working for at&t;, and it PAINS me to say it, but i now know why people sing thier praises. it had a much easier interface and was far more intuitive and easier to use.google really needs to seriously work on their android interface. unless you want to spend alot of time learning how to set up one of these things, then look elsewhere.there are good things; i have to say is that the battery life is very good. the phone calls sound just fine and its screen looks nice.

This phone is a piece of CRAP!  No wonder it was only $50 with Metro PCS.  It's super slow and goes blank a lot when I'm trying to call or text.  Hate this phone.  I bought it after losing my LG Motion.  The LG Motion is WAYYYYYYY better.  Please do not buy this phone.  You will be disappointed. I will never buy a Samsung product ever again.  Thumbs down.

Pro:Excellent Storage Space (With 2GB mem card)Decent battery lifeThin/compactFront and Back CameraScreen Size makes it ok to use touchscreen keyboardCon:When switching from app to home screen, can be very slow ( slow = 5-7 seconds lag)

I was actually planing to get one too but..... since my husband had extreme problems with the activation I am not so sure anymore! So the phone was bought and he decided to go for now with the 30$ monthly plan (no contract), which is offered by Walmart and T-Mobile.com. The phone did not work correctly and a connection to the web was not possible after the activation on the phone through a T-Mobile representative. Something went wrong and the problems started! So lot's of phone calls were made by my husband. I have to say the T-Mobile associates were not well informed and decided that the plan which my husband wanted to activate was all the sudden not existing anymore!!! ???  The other representatives just hang up on him. That happened around 5 times. My husband almost lost it and gave it a 6th time a try. He had luck and one of the representatives was willing to help and after checking with her supervisor able to activate my husband phone correctly. He waited around 2 hours and "heureka" the Samsung Exhibit II 4G is working finally. The phone is great! I am also very grateful for all the  reviews which were posted here on amazon.conclusion: great item with a lousy service, provided by unmotivated and partly uninformed T-Mobile staff on the phone! My last two cell  phones had T-Mobile service too and I had always good experience when I went to the T-mobile store, doesn't matter if it was in Germany or in the USA. So I am very surprised about our recent experience!

This is the slowest phone I ever seen.I bought this phone a couple of weeks ago not knowing it was so slow.Dont Buy!!!!

This thing is just incredible! Android 2.3, 4G, Free GPS, mobile hotspot capabilities, T-Mobile TV, excellent call quality, superb speakerphones, 2 cameras and what not. It's amazing that the whole package is fitted in around $200. This actually brings in lot of value for the money paid and no other phone in market can beat it. I would certainly recommend this to anyone who's looking for cost effective Android phone with lots of capabilities (which actually work).

But at triple the price. I got this as a gift for a friend as a &#34;starter&#34; smart phone and he loves it. For the price you can't go wrong. The only complaint is the front facing camera will not work on Skype, it works in every other app, but not on that.

Following the instructions in the owners manual, after 5 days this phone started to jam up & slow down, then suddenly just stop working after 3 months without any misuse, abuse or neglect on my part. I cannot say if I had gotten a refurbished or re-manufactured phone but this phone surely failed me.I would not recommend this phone to not even my dog to buy,

So far iv'e Haven't found anything wrong with this phone. Works great Snappy and never froze once used it for about 3 days. Gingerbread works likes a charm. Ram is sufficient, I've played NeedForSpeed:Shift and Temple Run so far,  They run Perfectly Pretty amazing actually. i wasn't expecting such performance for 205 Bucks. Love it might get another one for My friend. Very Clear screen and Very responsive screen i bought the Smoke black TPU case for it and you find another one better for 5 dollars. Great investment Times are hard but this is as easy as it gets.

I have this phone for 6 months and I am very satisfied with it.I recently receive an update from T-mobile and the battery life improved and does not lagsas much as it used to.Major issues that I had was that I couldn't sent a very long message but I changed a setting andthe problem was solved:settings -> Wireless and network -> Mobile networks -> Network mode -> GSM onlyI like the google maps and GPS and after the update, it works much faster than it used toand I can locate stores wherever I am and use the navigator to go there!!The keyboard screen size is a little bit small but you can fix the keyboard with larger letterwhich helps a little bit but I would have preferred to be a little bit more widerI am receiving and sending emails from my gmail,hotmail accounts and I really love this apps!I can tune my guitar with gstrings :)I bought an 8GB card microSD and I store my class lectures voice recordings and my photos and mp3'sI used pandora to hear music while I was biking and the battery life seems reasonably to me.I am playing angry bird without any issues.The 4G speeds depends on the signal strength some times are awesome and some times are really slow.The wifi thought works excellent and I see my youtube videos without any issues.The weight and size are very practical on carrying it and I can put it on my jean pocket with my keysand doesn't fill like a big phoneOverall I will put 5 stars because for what you pay see what you get and the iphone is an 800$ phoneand much heavier and really fills like a computer this one fills like a phone.

i got this phone few weeks ago for $189, tax free on amazon. thanks.this is a gift to my wife. she doesn't need the data plan. so she only use wi-fi for data if needed. so for those ppl who have regular t-mobile monthly plan, when you put your sim card, i believe t-mobile will automatically add the data plan to your plan, you need to call t-mobile to remove the data plan if you don't need it. this is not cool from t-mobile.con,1, as many ppl mention, the power bottom on the side. i rather have it on top of the phone. but if you are going to put a case on it, that make it easier to press.2, power run out soon, almost need to charge everyday.pro,1, wi-fi calling, improved voice quality (still used your mins)2, big screen, speaker sound pretty good.3, micor-sd card, can save app to the card.4, photo quality is good, even it's only a 3.2mb cam.over all, i like this phone. and it's worth the price. rooting the phone is easy, but not necessary for ppl who don't really install tons of apps.

I choose this phone because I thought i was upgrading. I didn't like the screen, sometimes it wouldn't register the funciton i choose or wouldn't select the corect function. This item is good for someone that is trnasitioning to a smart phone and needs something simple. The system is a little slower than my &#34;my touch.&#34;

I bought this phone thinking it was going to function properly. It was constantly freezing and I was always rebooting the device. This was happening within the first couple of days of buying the phone.

I bought two of these for my daughters.  I bought the newer version of this at t-mobile.  I like theirs better and they were half the cost.  The new one with the new OS is SLOW!

The phone stopped working in less than 1 week, so returned it to Amazon. The phone wouldn't even charge or turn-on even with charger connected.

This phone is slow. The phone, not the wifi nor the 4g. The phone itself is slow.Scenario:I'd like to take a picture and post it to instagram4G signal high, yet it takes so long just to open the program that my pal takes the photo and posts while my screen is still whiteI'd like to check my email, it will be faster for me to go to my room and open up and turn on my laptop then to load the the email on my phone.Pictures are small as wellI am actively looking for a new smart phone just because this one is so slow

For one I got this phone as my first affordable smartphone. I did not want to pay near $80 a month for LIMITED data on the networks that work near my house (ex: everyone but Sprint). I was able to activate it for my first month under T-mobile's $30 no contract plan. As a warning..the ONLY way you can get that plan is buy activating the phone online OR buy buying and activating the phone at a Walmart that is closest to you.Like I said this is my 1st real smartphone. I have messed around with some of my friend's phones, everything from the original Droid to the more recent HTC Rezound and Moto Razor. So its not like I'm not familiar with the android family. This is NOT a top tier phone. It only has a single core processor and half the ram of the top smartphones. However it does come with Android 2.3.5 as standard. And when you do have "4G" service, the web browsing and app downloading is very quick. The camera is OK and the webcam is not that amazing but they do the job fine. Be warned though the flash is VERY bright.....its far too bright for normal use (its great using the Flashlight app though). This phone can handle all the tasks of the big boys at a fraction of the overall running costs. I would recommend an antiglare screen protector and a case for the phone though. The screen has lost of glare in sunlight and the back of the phone is very slippery. Battery life is goodd though. With moderate use I got 2 days out of it with the WiFi turned on and the screen at around 50% brightness. It can get glitchy when a bunch of the apps are running in the background but nothing a good appkiller can't fix. Overall if you want a good budget smartphone this is one of the best!PROS:Great plan prices1GHz CPU and 512MB ram very nice combo at this price pointQuick for a no-contract phoneVery nice screen (both visually and with the touch features)Not very big or heavyCan take a 32GB microSD cardCONS:Not the fastest phone in the worldCameras are not greatFlash is too brightBack is very slippery and screen is reflective without anti-glare protectorSo far...no ICS update for it without rooting

I've had this for a over a month now, it worked great at first, it came with a bunch of useless T-mobile apps that you can't remove, which i moved all them to a folder named Junk. After 40 days of use the phone started vibrating on it's own, removing the battery every time it did that some what fixed the problem, few weeks after it started turning off and On on it's own, i had to keep the battery out for a while to keep it on, call Tmobile they said it's a memory problem with this phone and i should restore to a factory default, later the earphone Jack would stop working sometimes, resting the phone fixed this problem. Now keep getting dropped calls and losing signal, it looks like it's more of a software problem then a memory problem. Just be aware that the phone you from amazon or a walmart for $200 are made in china and the  one from tmobile is made in Korea, so the one made in Korea is a lot heavier then the ones sold here and walmart. I will be recalling tmobile hopfully they will send me a replacement, i Know few people with same phone and they havn't had any problems, maybe my phone is just a defect.Update: Now this phone started acting up with more problems low ringer, other party would not hear me or hear them, contacted tmobile finally agreed  on sending me a refurbished one (broken one which have been fixed) but there's a catch a $20 service fee ( What???) you pay $20 they will send you a refurbished phone for your new phone, yeah T-mobile wants to cash in on the one year warranty that this has already has, i said no i will report to BBB. True who said you get what you pay for... ahh i miss my  iphone.

I am still learning the phone but so far seems very good.  One item they forgot to put on phone is it should either beep or have a light lite up when you miss a call or text to let you know you have one waiting for you.  I never know if anyone has called unless I check.  My other phone beeped at me when I had a voicemail and I miss that.  There is alot the phone has such as web use that I have not tried to much and I do like the fact that you can use your voice when texting instead of typing all the time.

For the price you can not beat it!  I've been looking at phones for months now waiting for the perfect phone to buy.  I really wanted the HTC Sensation but didn't want to sign a contract and really didn't want to spend $500 on a phone.  This fit the bill perfectly! It's not flashy but it works.  With light use and turning of all extras (GPS, 4G, etc) for most of the day I only use about 30 - 40% battery life in 24 hours.Only con so far is the power button placement is odd. Because of the way I hold it, I keep hitting the volume button instead which is directly on the other side of the case.edit:Looks like everyone is bring up all the bloatware that is on the phone.  Yes, it has TONS of bloatware but just remove it from your home screen and get a SD card to put all your stuff on. Or just ROOT it! I don't see it as much of a problem now that it's not in front of my face (on the home screen).RAM may be an issue if you want to run a bunch of apps all at the same time but so far I haven't had any problems. It's only a single core.  If you really want that much running, you probably want a dual core phone anyway.The lock screen can be a bit picky. You need to swipe it just the right way sometimes. Nothing a custom lockscreen app won't fix.UPDATE:There is great support for this phone on the XDA developers boards.  Run a custom ROM on this phone and it runs like a champ!

I got this phone from Amazon on 2/20/2012 and this phone died on 4/15/2012 less than two months its waste of money to buy this phone.

I made the switch to T-Mobile about 4 months ago and I'm pleased with the service and especially the cost of the service.  I didn't want to buy the top-of-the-line phone either since I was trying to save money and this looked like a good entry-level phone.  I would say I think I got the best phone for the price, but in retrospect I think I would've been happier getting something slightly more powerful.One thing I am very pleased about is the ease of modding this phone.  I knew I had to get away from the TouchWiz interface and I wanted something newer than Gingerbread as well.  It took me a while to find the right set of instructions for rooting the phone, but once it was finally done I was just shocked at how simple it was.  With my last two HTC phones there was always some complicated unlocking process involving drivers and installing the Android SDK and such.  With this one I really only had to download a few files, put them on my SD card, reboot into recovery and flash them.  Easy!  The phone may actually run smoother on Gingerbread, but there were some JellyBean features and apps I just had to have.  So when I mention the performance just bear in mind I'm not running stock Android.The performance is probably the most disappointing thing about this phone.  It only has a 1Ghz single-core processor and 512MB of RAM.  It's fine for most apps, but some visually strenuous games or "fully featured" apps will make the phone choke.  I'm not a big phone gamer so it's not a big deal for me, but when I hear about a cool game it's frustrating when I can't even try it.  I think the RAM is the most limiting factor of the phone though.  I usually run Tasker on my phones but not on this one.  I figure it would choke even more often if it was running since some apps have a tough time running after a fresh reboot.  The most frustrating thing about the poor performance is when I'm playing music into my stereo over bluetooth.  I get a lot of skipping and pausing in songs when my phone is choking up.  Still, you may have none of these issues depending on your phone usage.One thing that is also an annoyance, and I think this is common for Samsung phones, is that there are three storage areas on the phone: Internal, SD, and External SD.  I imagine the first two are actually the same chip, they've just been split up, and the third is the removable SD card.  This is an annoyance because essentially nothing gets stored on the External SD [by default].  Using the app manager to move apps to the SD card is useless.  It just moves them from Internal memory to the Internal SD memory.  Unless your app can be configured to store data on the External SD card you'll have to manually move items to the External SD (pictures and videos, not apps), pull some storage tricks with root access, or just deal with the limited space.  This is one thing I definitely miss about my HTC phones.A couple things I also really miss, and this is mainly a consequence of trying to save money by getting a low-end smartphone, are the notification LED and the light sensor.  Other than auditory queues I really don't know when I get a notification unless I check my phone.  I've heard some apps can make the soft keys flash for notifications but that sounded like a really sad replacement.  Considering there's a front-facing camera I was really surprised that there's no light sensor (I would've preferred the latter over the former).  There is also an app that can use the brightness from the camera to adjust the screen brightness, but it wasn't very consistent.I think the USB port is in an inconvenient spot as well (on the top of the phone).  It makes the cord get in my way much more when I try to use it while it's plugged in.  One nice thing about running a custom ROM is the ability to flip the screen 180 degrees.I never really had a phone with a good camera, but this one is definitely grainy.  Really, unless you're outdoors or in a very bright room the LED doesn't help that much.  Speaking of the LED, I've only found one app that was able to turn on the LED as a flashlight.  My beloved Tesla LED app just didn't do it.Overall I like the phone, obviously there were things that had to be left out and corners that needed to be cut to keep the price low, but it's a good phone for what you pay.  Some of the complaints I had were simply design or implementation choices, but if you're willing to pay a bit more I think you can avoid the performance issues and lack of common Android features.

Sometimes I forget it's a phone. Equal to Iphone4s but faster. It tops my Computer. has 250,000 apps. It is going to take a while to learn all the tech. I am a gaget guy, This tops everthing. I was walking last week with the phone in my pocket and heard a female computerized voice from the phone (crazy) It would not stop, when I looked at it I realized it upgraded itself from 7 screens to 12. I though This is like an old "Twilight Zone" episode, I got scared and took the battery out. i am amazed by this Crazy Android.

Based off of previous experiences with Samsung products I thought this was a great deal, boy was I wrong. The phone constantly shuts off and repeatedly freezes. I don't believe the phone has enough RAM to support many high end games/apps available in the Android or Amazon Market. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

It's an excellent smart phone but initially restricted to T-Mobile, when I travel internationally,  cannot just purchase a SIM card in another country and insert it, which is a huge disadvantage for internationally traveling people, like me.

This phone is great!! It's the perfect size and keeps me connected to business and personal contacts with ease. I can also watch movies and listen to music while I'm at an appointment, it's the best.

The phone freezes often...it is very slow...and overall it  is not a good phone.  I purchased the phone because I needed a new one as my Vibrant's home row keys stopped working and I had to turn it off then back on again to change applications I was using...I would rather use the broken phone then this one...I checked for firmware updates and there were not any.  I now use this for calls only...to use it for anything else would be too frustrating.

First of all, for the $, this is an awesome phone. I have tried many and almost went with the Virgin Mobile plan on the Triumph phone. I really in my gut liked this phone better so my son now has that one. Also, but I am using GrooveIP (Voice over internet calls for free costs $4.99) with the close people I talk on the phone to, so this works great and the 100 minutes won't be a problem for me as I am really a texter for the most part. I love the phones size, it's not to big, and the sound is awesome.  I only hate that the power button is on the right side. Here is the deal with the $30 a month plan, it has to be a new sign-up. Not sure if you can port your number, but I bought my phone from amazon and am on this plan, no problems!

Back in 2011, this was a good entry level T-Mobile phone. It is now four generations behind the times, uses an obsolete version of Android, and it lacks the RAM and processing muscle to run today's apps. Worse, it can not connect to T-Mobile's 4G LTE network.For the same price, you can get the new LG F3 with 4G LTE data speeds and a fast dual core processor. The LG F3 is designed for the T-Mobile high speed network of 2014 and 2015. There is no reason to look at obsolete phones designed for the OLD T-Mobile network.

I say almost awesome for my title because of one big issue. The phone even with a 1Ghz processor becomes sluggish when too many apps are used or even one app like the GrooVeIP or GPS or streaming music for an extended period of time anywhere from 30 to 40 minutes on wards. My wife's Samsung Transform Ultra from Boost mobile with just 800Mhz processor does not do it for similar functions. But the issue is fixed after a reboot. Other than this its an excellent phone especially for someone who does not use all the above mentioned apps or uses them casually its an excellent phone. That is the only reason I give 4 stars. I do not get 4G for T-mobile where I live but it works great on my WiFy.

This is my first smart phone and I was lured in by the reasonable price and T-Mobile's new $30 unlimited text, unlimited data, 100 minutes plan. I simply could not justify the expense of phone and data before. I think this phone is great value for $200. It has almost every feature I want. The only thing I would have really liked would be a 5mp camera like on the Galaxy S. I handled a Galaxy S and was considering buying a refurbished one of those for $150 more before deciding on the Exhibit II. I don't regret saving the money. Unless you've had a higher quality phone before, or you're comparing this side-by-side with something higher end, you won't feel limited or cheated by this phone. It's got a very crisp vibrant display, runs quick and smooth, and even with the 3.2mp camera I've taken some decent photos. Sure beats my previous phone anyway. Battery easily lasts me from 6am to late in the night. I haven't had it actually die on me yet. I don't know how my usage might compare to others, but I use Facebook and email frequently throughout the day, have tried out the GPS navigation a couple of times, used Google Music, surfed a bit of news, and played Words With Friends. The display is the biggest battery drain I think, so I keep that down pretty low all the time. I don't do much talking, hence getting the plan with only 100 minutes, so I can't say how much battery is affected by talk time.Only a couple of gripes... As others have mentioned, the beep when the battery is charged is annoying. I charge my phone by my bed at night and I still want to be able to receive emergency calls and texts so I'm not going to put it on silent in order to avoid that beep. But it does wake me up.  Still, I can live with it.Sometimes texts fail to send and I've seen other people in forums with this problem too. Also the texting app is glitchy and doesn't always respond to your taps in the text area to bring up the keyboard.Yes, the back cover is as slippery as everyone else says. I bought the gel skin case for the Galaxy W (same phone as the Exhibit II, just rebranded outside the US) and I'm so glad I did. I would certainly have dropped the phone repeatedly by now if I didn't have the skin.Overall, I highly recommend this phone. Excellent price for $200, especially if you're been holding out for a while for the price of smart phones and data plans to drop.

This is a good phone, however there are many problems involving texting, and image texts.  When sending an image that I captured with this phone, the messaging system automatically lowers the quality of the picture.  An example would be taking a 100+k file, then having text messenger system automatically butcher it down to less than 20k.  Most of the time, images even sent through text cannot go through, let alone be received which becomes really frustrating.There are also numerous posts on T-Mobile's forums about the same problem concerning texting and image texts that's spanned back to November 2011.  To think, they would at least address the problem, but alas they never did.  There have also been posts by customers getting responses many months ago along the line of "we are working to address the problem."  But I see no problem solved.I regretted getting this phone, now that I'm stuck with a 2-year contract.  Don't get me wrong, the other features are great.  The size is perfect, but they should at least address the problem concerning the texting features.So those who love texting, be VERY wary about this phone.*5/7/2012 Update*To bypass problems with texting, I downloaded the app, GoPro which seems to work very well without any problems thus far.*6/25/2012 Update*After successfully rooting my phone, it's safe to say that it's now faster (after removing the pre-loaded crap ware), and I rarely experience any problems aside from texting from time to time ever since I downloaded the app, GoPro from my previous update.*7/16/2012 Update*Seems like they included an update.  I no longer have problems sending texts ever since my phone updated.  I can now use the stock messaging program that came with my phone without any problems whatsoever.

I previously had this phone, and it was great, since I liked it so much, I got it again, I'm having a lot of problems with it now, what I can say is buy it new instead of from a previous owner, simply because you don't know how long they've had the phone and if the warranty is expired you have to pay to get the phone fixed instead of the repair being free, also you don't know what damage has been done, but because I ie owned this phone I know it's a great phone, if it's a new phone, it shouldn't have any problems

not a great phone, do yourself a favor and purchase something with more RAM, this thing locks up and shuts down often.  Not the seller fault, just the product.

After using this phone for a week, I'm favorably impressed.  I wanted a small form factor to slip into my pocket.  I wanted a removable battery.  I wanted to be able to add extra storage.  And I wanted to own a smart phone outright without a 2-year contract.  I was able to cut our monthly cell phone bill in half for our 2-phone family.  This phone has it all!  I had been an apple ios5 user, and I'm still keeping my ipad, but I have to admit that this Android OS (gingerbread) is very good.  My wife's iphone 4 almost seems old, heavy and clunky next to this.  Yes, the phone is plastic and probably won't withstand a hard drop, but neither did the iphone.  The rounded corners make it easy to slip into pockets, and if you are worried about it slipping out, buy a silicone cover.  I had been a t-mobile user, but I whole-heartedly concur with other reviewers.... t-mo customer service reeks!  It's inconsistent, and it took me several phone calls and several days before everything got changed over to the new phones.

T-Mobile has brought a great and powerful smartphone to the hands of no-contract customers. The Samsung Exhibit II is a fast and responsive phone with a Snapdragon processor which helps decode and watch HD videos. The phone also contains Android's Gingerbread OS which is fairly recent and can run almost all of the Apps in the Google Play Market. I purchased the phone to replace an old T-Mobile phone I bought about 4 years ago and this was my first smartphone. However, for playing games, listening to music, talking, and texting, and of course surfing the web, it is a great phone! Of course there are cons that I wish would have been addressed. The 3 mega-pixel camera is nice, but for the phone's pricetag (cheap compared to others, but still a big $200), one would wish that it could be upgraded to a 5. Also the lack of 720p video recording is a bummer, the max quality of video for the Exhibit II is 640x360. Which still isn't bad I shoot lots of video and the playback and capture is nice. Photos taken are also crisp and the colors come out well. The front facing camera is a VGA camera, meaning the camera will capture a 640x480 image (About the equivalent of a .3 Megapixel Camera) so don't expect the kind of quality of a iPhone 4S front-facing camera.Another problem that you will face rarely, but trust me, you will face it. Is the problem with the phone lagging through homescreen transitions and sometimes the phone will freeze up forcing you to reboot. After that the phone will work fine and is quickly running smoothly again. And finally the only other complaint I have had with my Exhibit II is the amount of apps that come preinstalled on the phone, also known as "bloatware". These apps cannot be uninstalled from the phone and take up RAM that the phone could use for other things (RAM is basically how the phone handles apps and things, the more RAM taken up, the more sluggish your phone acts). The bloatware is the only reason why the phone gets a 4/5 and not a 5 star rating.Aside from those couple of problems the phone is great. Keep this in mind that practically all phones you research and purchase will have faults and things you don't like. And this phone has very few. Thank you for reading my review and thoughts, I hope it helped in your decision!

This phone is great. If you want to pay extra money for the Apple name that is your choice. However, with Android phones you get the same bells and whistles for cheaper, and this phone is a good example. Mine has been great.The iphone is the most popular phone in its category, but so are McDonald's and Walmart.

The mobile is excellent for the price-fast enough for my mobile needs while on 4g-and connects effortlessly with WiFi. One downside is being able to shut off the shutdown tone (was able to download Silent Boot app for booting up silently) and that the mobile won't autostart with an alarm set (found out this was not available on Android OS). Apparently one can root the OS to change the shutdown tone (Linux users will recognise this function) but I don't want to void any warranty at this point.Samsung mobile phones that I have owned have been consistently very good to excellent (the others were Java-based mobiles). Samsung support was informative when I asked them about the auto-start with the alarm.Be aware that this mobile does ship with a T-Mobile activation kit-so one does not need to buy an additional kit. I had contacted Amazon about the activation kit being included when I read another reviewer's post to verify, but unfortunately the chat agent told me the wrong information (said that there was not an activation kit inlcuded). Sure enough, the mobile ships with everything you need except at microSD card (if you want more data storage). However, all was made right, I was able to return the additional activation kit I ordered, and Amazon acknowledged their error in the chat session.

I bought this phone last week. It is very good. No contract required. Works in India also. Perfomance is also good. Video clarity for video chatting is good. Worth for the money you spend.

UPDATE 12/5/12: This phone has officially retired for me. I upgraded to the Samsung Galaxy SII from T-Mobile. Here are a few final points on this phone. It has gained its own section in the xda-developers forum, so go check it out if you're new to this phone and are interested in customizing it. Check out the updated review below for more information.====================================================================================================-------------------------From a regular user's point of view-------------------------I love this phone! I picked it up at Wal-Mart because of their exclusive $30 monthly plan with 100 talk minutes, unlimited text, and unlimited web (first 5GB at 4G speed per month, rest of the month slows down to EDGE). I'll tell you, I have never reached my 5GB limit, and I'm a heavy Internet user! T-Mobile's 4G HSPA+ network is really good, considering the price. Of course it's spotty in some places with T-Mobile being the way it is, but not most places that I've been to.The phone is sleek, and is loaded with features. Of course, being an Android phone, it is capable of doing many things that cannot be done on common feature phones. The 3.2 megapixel camera is quite good; it's not digital SLR quality, but it gets the job done when you need quick snapshots. The screen is nice and bright, very detailed and unpixelated because Samsung did a smart move by fitting a whole lot of pixels in a 3.7 inch screen. The 1GHz processor really hits the spot! Everything I do on it is fast! There's barely any freezing with the exception of browsing complicated webpages with more than 5 windows open.Personally, I think this phone beats the iPhone 4. For those who don't know the truth, the iPhone 4 costs $650 unsubsidized when it first came out. So to those saying "meh you can just get an iPhone for the same price", keep in mind that this phone does not require a contract, so you aren't forced to pay $100+ for cellphone bill every month. If you do simple math, you'll find that you'd actually save money in the long run with this phone compared to the iPhone locked into a contract. This phone showed me so much I've been missing out with iOS! It has pretty much the same features of iOS, and then some. You'll find that this phone is highly customizable due to Android OS's capabilities. It should be relatively easy to use for those new to smartphones.The phone has many pre-installed apps, which can be either good or bad depending on your preference. The apps are supposed to help you access T-Mobile stuff easier, but they are of no use to me. I rooted my phone and have since flashed many custom firmwares/ROMs to make the phone fit my needs.I really have nothing much to say to regular users. If you're new to Android, you should probably hit up YouTube and see what it's capable of. I can't explain how to do everything in this review. If you're looking for a bit more information, check out the section of review below!--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------From a geek/power-user's point of view-------------------------Now, let's talk about the performance-price ratio. When you first get the phone, it may be a little 'meh', but many great developers came out and started pimpin' this phone. There are many custom ROMs available; Gingerbread ROMs for those with performance in mind, and Ice Cream Sandwich/Jellybean ROMs for those that want a little taste of unofficial upgrade. There's also a custom kernel floating around that allows the seemingly weak processor to overclock to 1.8GHz! That's about an 80% increase in processing power! Think about that, a 1.8GHz phone for $200. Now keep in mind that this isn't a dual-core processor, but it still performs like a champion.This phone can very easily outperform similar competitions at this price range, thanks to the great developers over at the xda-developers forum for taking the phone's hardware to its limit. At one point, users were able to score a little under 7000 points in AnTuTu Benchmark, which is double of the usual 3500 points that you'll usually see with the stock ROM.There are many ROMs to choose from. Whether it's Gingerbread-based ROMs or Ice Cream Sandwich-based ROMs, or Jellybean-based ROMs, you can't go wrong with this phone. Developers are always porting ROMs such as CyanogenMod, AOKP, MIUI, Paranoid Android, PAC, etc. You'll probably step into the day where you have nothing left to customize! I'm actually looking back from my Galaxy SII with a bit of envy, seeing how this phone has stepped up so much from its start.This phone is perfect for people who wants a mid-end experience at a low-end price. Seriously, this phone is very powerful with a few tweaks here and there. For $200, you definitely can't beat the phone for what it's capable of. It's no Galaxy Nexus, but I think that it can be its little brother. And computer geeks, I know how much you want a device that's affordable and highly customizable! ;)All information regarding rooting, custom ROMs, and software modifications are available on the xda-developers forum.Specifications:* CPU: Qualcomm Snapdragon S2 - 1GHz single core (overclockable to 1.8GHz with custom kernel)* GPU: Adreno 205* RAM: 512MB (356MB allocated to stock ROM; 364MB allocated to most ICS/JB ROMs)* Display: 3.7" TFT LCD touch-screen (800 x 480 resolution)* Cameras: 3.2MP rear-facing camera with LED flash; VGA front-facing camera* Cellular Network Technologies: GSM 850/900/1800/1900 + HSDPA 850/1700/1900/2100 capable of up to 14.4Mbps on an HSPA+ network* OS: Android 2.3.6 (up to 4.1.2 with custom ROMs)* Storage: ~2.5GB total internally, up to 32GB externally via microSD card====================================================================================================Here are some of the accessories I've gotten for this phone. I bought some of these to upgrade over another, so make sure to choose one from each section to your liking. I have reviewed all of these, so be sure to check the reviews before digging in. ;)Memory cards:-ADATA 32 GB Micro SDHC Card Class 10 with SD Adaptor AUSDH32GCL10-RA1-SanDisk microSDHC 32GB Flash Memory Card (Retail Packaging) SDSDQM-032G-B35,Black**************************************************Cases:-BW TPU Sleeve Gel Cover Skin Case for T-Mobile Samsung Exhibit II 4G T679 -Black-T-MOBILE SAMSUNG T679 EXHIBIT II 4G SMOKE BLACK TPU GEL SKIN CASE, IN QUBITS RETAIL PACKAGING**************************************************External power/battery:-Anker Astro3 10000mAh Dual 2A USB Output External Battery Backup and Charger for iPhone 4S / 4 / 3GS, iPod, iPad, iPad 2, the New iPad (iPad 3); Most Android Phones (Samsung Galaxy S / S2 / S3, HTC One X One S Sensation EVO, Motorola Droid, LG Optimus,...- ATC Power Bank 5000mAh Li-ion External Battery Pack and Charger with LED lights for Motorola Charm MB502, Grasp WX404, Rambler WX400, Bali WX415, Droid 2 A955, I1, Cliq XT, Quench, i890, Backflip, Devour, A555, Brute i680, Quantico V840, V845, i410, Crush-Hyperion T-Mobile Samsung Exhibit II 4G 2 x 1600mAh Battery + Charger

Everything else is good but where is my voice command? I was using it with my Bluetooth from last 5 years, and now I feel I have better phone that my older phones, but I will be not able to use voice command with my Bluetooth unless I buy data plan and use some applications.This is a big issue. I will recommend other models but not this one if you plan to use it when you driving.

I bought this cellphone because i tought it was a good product made By samsung, but unfortunatelly it is not, It is slow when you change one to other application, sometimes it just don't answer the screem tought, i took out all the pic and unecessary app, but still slow, definitely if you are thinking to buy it, think twice, I gave 01 star because at least it can make call. I have a good internet plan from t-mobile 4G, but it don't help, the phone is not good at all. I going to buy another one from other brand maybe!!!

This phone is a real disappointment. I've had the phone for 6+ months. I rec'd it as a gift, purchased from Amazon.The primary problem has been it's lack of speed. Most of the time, it's just slow! I regularly have to touch the screen and wait, touch the screen and wait and wait. You get the idea. Three to four seconds to open the pre-loaded texting program.  Five to ten seconds to load web pages and e-mail. For one thing, the memory is inadequate. The phone is always running at nearly full memory. Even when you shut down some of the apps to free up memory, five minutes later the memory is running at full again. Go figure.Occasionally it freezes. I have to shut it down and reboot! It's locked up when I've had to make important calls. Times I really needed the phone to step up and perform. This latter issue of freezing seems to have been solved after I contacted Samsung and they walked me through a process of resetting the phone without losing apps or data. We'll see if this lasts.And I didn't mention that it's been impossible to upload the updates to the software. I've spent way too much time trying to make this work. Samsung has not been able to help except in the end to tell me to go to Best Buy and have them do it.If it weren't so slow and didn't have some of the quirks (there are lots of apps on the phone that you can't remove without a fair bit of computer savvy and without voiding the warranty), it would be fine.  I really like the idea of a lower cost smart phone. I wish there were one that lacking some of the bells and whistles was still a competent device. I don't need the top of the line for my purposes.This is my first smart phone. I don't want to spend a great deal of money. I lose and drop things. I don't want to be chained to a cell company on a two year contract, paying much more than needed on taxes, a plan I don't need, and $15-20 on insurance to cover my over-priced hand-held "computer system".I'm on a month-to-month plan. It's great. I pay a limited amount in taxes and get everything I need. A little more data might be nice though I don't want to be connected all the time. I'm in front of the computer at home and at work. Sometimes that's enough. At this point, finding a reasonably priced reliable phone is the stumbling block.For the long term, this phone is not a good buy. Probably not even for the short term unless you need to develop a little more patience.

After some months of service this device has become extremely frustrating in that the phone function is frequently unresponsive.  I have to press dial over and over and have missed several calls as I could not get it to respond when I tried to answer the call.  Seems to be a progressive problem as it has gone from OK at first to infuriating now.  Despite all the other nice stuff it does, for heaven's sake it's primarily a phone!  Looks like a good deal up front; it will cost you more in the end when you are so aggravated that you have to replace it!

Great reception and sound quality, solid operating system with tons of applications available. Nice screen that's easy to read and operate.

I wanted to find a smartphone to start with. got this one. worked fine for 1st month. return window expired. now started to freeze almost daily. very slow processor. thinks a lot before it opens any website!! you can't expect fast browsing from this even with wifi on, let alone 4G. Imagine how irritated you'll get when you wanna call someone right away, and realize that ur phone has already freezed.. I'm a regular costumer of amazon. I feel cheated now. only good thing is it's price, but i'd better pay double to get some other smartphone. My recommendation is: if you really wanna buy a smartphone, don't try this dullphone.

i bought this phone for 135 plus tax and wanted to return it IMMEDIATELY, the battery doesn't last i have to keep charging it. waste of hard earned cash! I wouldn't recommend anyone to buy it.

Bought it May of 2012 ...still going strong. Just replaced battery 3 days ago. Old one lasted this long...LOL.I use it to tether 2hrs daily. Runs latest Android KitKat CM11 ...doesn't get any better than that.

My girlfriend bought this phone some days ago. However, she got a refurbished phone instead of new one as appear in the advertisement

Mad as HELL!!! This phone did not come with an &#34;activation&#34; number.....t-mobile customer service SUCKS!!!! Only way to get the phone activated was to go to a store and BUY an activation card ...THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN INCLUDED ....but was obviously left out. NOT the way I wanted to start out my relationship with T-mobile!

Picked this up at Wally World for $189 ($200 with tax) instead of Amazon (now $195, no tax) to ensure the availability of the unlimited/unlimited/100 minutes plan -- available only to new T-Mobile activations. This phone/plan combination is just about perfect for me and represents an outstanding value. Another reviewer mentioned that minutes used beyond the 100 were charged at 10 cent each. I thought he was mistaken since many of the more expensive plans seem to charge around 40-45 cents for overages. But, sure enough, $0.10 is what they charge on this plan, according to the details specified in the T-Mobile 'My Account' app after activation. All I can say is, Wow!The phone itself is very good. Perfect? Certainly not. We live in an imperfect world. However, it is very capable and does just about everything the top of the line phones can do, albeit a little slower (tho still quite responsive.) Given the value play in effect here, it's a no-brainer for anyone shopping for a 3.7" display, Andoid 2.3.5 Gingerbread phone, IMO.Others have already described the capabilities of the phone in great detail, so there isn't much I can add. But perhaps this might help a few folks: Out of the box the calendar snooze/dismiss feature was grayed-out whenever an event fired. There were no settings to fix this. Hence an event could not be dismissed, nor could the alert reminder be snoozed. I was able to completely solve this problem by installing 'Calander Snooze' from the marketplace. (A free app.)One last thing. If I recall correctly, at least one reviewer mentioned the inability of this phone/plan combo to function as a wifi hotspot (teathering.) Well, it's working for me, right out of the box with no hassles at all.Awesome little device. I hope this helps.

This is a great phone. Good resolution and great features. However, it does not have one important feature that I thought all new Andorid phones had. That is the ability to move applications to the external SD card. It takes a 32 GB card, which I installed immediately. However, when you move an application to the SD card it moves it to the internal SD partition. I called Samsung as I expected that this was a fault with the phone, but they said that this is designed into all phones that have internal SD partitations, including the Galaxy S and Galaxy IIS. In other words, all of the higher end Samsung Androids have this internal SD (called USB) and all have this problem. And the internal SD on the phone is quite small, only 1.62 GB; and the internal phone memory is only 1 GB. So the only use of the external card is to store MP3 files and you can set the camera to use the external SD card.I tried every way possible to get around this, but to no avail. I even tried using the ADB program in the software development kit to set the default installation location (it is normally 0 for automaic; 2 is external SD). But even here it sees the SD as the internal SD and not the external one. This may be a deal breaker for me because one of the things I wanted was to store my Audible books on the SD card, but they will not be recognized by the program if they are moved there as they always are only recognized in the default installation location of the program. And the media scaner that is used for MP3 files will not pick them up. Also wanted to install birder applications that allow you to add your own pictures. But the same problem.

Lost my old T-Mobile phone and got this one instead. I love it, light, reliable, great features. Similar phones at T-Mobile store were double and even triple the price.

the productwas brand new and the price was outstanding. Really an great buy and will use amazon again to purchase my next phone.

I bought this phone for my mom to replace her old flip phone. It's simple, very easy to use and great quality. She loves it and couldn't be happier. The camera is pretty good. We also are using the phone with a simple mobile SIM card which uses the tmobile towers. If you are looking for a simple smartphone that's inexpensive - this is the purchase for you.

The Galaxy T679 was perfect for my middle son!  It seems the kids today care more about cell phones than they care about their school work!  It's was a good starter phone,  Thank You...

I've been limping through with this phone for about a year and a half, but should have had the sense to get rid of it after two weeks. It freezes constantly and the only way to reboot is to pop the battery out and back in. It randomly will not send texts or will send them hours (in one instance, months) after you think you've messaged someone. The touch screen has a painfully slow response time. The battery doesn't last longer than a couple hours, even if the phone isn't being touched in any way. I have to believe that any positive reviews are written by people who have taken the phone out of the box that very moment and have not had to suffer through using it for any considerable period of time just yet. Please, save yourself the pain and agony, and stay far away from this POS.

it is a good phone kind of small but for the price it was good . 4g dont work well

I have had countless issues with this phone.I have had the speaker blow out, but I was given a new one and STILL have issues with sound.The battery life is terrible. It freezes constantly. It will close apps at random. Sometimes it will refuse to receive picture text messages, phone calls, and regular text messages for no apparent reason. I have to turn the phone off and on to try to get it to send text messages. It is slow. Frequently has issues connecting to internet. I'll be driving and my Google Maps app will freeze.It is AWFUL. FIND ANOTHER PHONE because you will regret it for a long time. It is a waste of your money. The phone is garbage. I am never buying another Samsung phone.

I was also expecting the power cord, but it wasnt included in the description and power cords are cheap anyway.

Got 2 phones, 1 for each of my children.  Great price versus other smart phones.  We use pay as you go with no data which is perfect because they use our router to connect to the internet when home.  They don't need the internet when they are out, only texting and phone service.  Battery life is not the greatest (probably because of the games being played). the only negative is there are too many apps already installed in the phone, that are not removable, that we really don't need and will never use.  Still love this phone!

This phone barely works. I have had it for less than a year and the screen is already starting to pop out in one corner. Also, the touch screen is retarded in response to fingertip movements. The phone does not hang up when you want it to and often frezzes; likely to gain more money from pay as you go users. With that said, I will never buy another Samsung product and will likely not use Tmobile in the future. Please note, I am an adult and take care of my things.

This phone had a 4 star rating at the time I purchased it and I relied heavily on that. I received this on a Friday and by Wednesday it was back in the box ready to be returned. First off, as soon as I held it in my hand I felt the lack of quality in the build. It feels very cheap and it weighs close to nothing. Immediately upon turning it on I noticed the lag on the screen. It was annoyingly slow to respond at times. I found myself having to tap the screen for any given command more than once very often. Texting was the most annoying issue on this phone. For whatever reason, the bottom most part of the screen was extremely unresponsive all the time and it just so happened to be where the window to add text was. Lastly, 4 days into owning this phone, the earpice stopped working completely. People could hear me speak but I couldn't hear anything when I held the phone to my ear. To be fair, there was one thing I liked about the phone. The screen is impressively crisp. Maybe I just got a bad unit but this phone was a complete disappointment.

You would have to be out of your mind or be working for Samsung to say this phone compares to an iPhone. With that said I am happy with my purchase. I do think this is about the best thing out there in the $200 range for phones. But to compare it to a $700 iPhone is just goofy.The big issue I have with this phone is it lags all the time. I have an iPod Touch 3rd gen. that is 3 and a half years old and it still runs smoother than this phone does. Sometimes when I click to make a phone call it takes 5 seconds for it to finally dial the person. I've had my phone for about 1 year and it has already locked up where I had to just shut it down about 4 times. I would be very surprised if this phone ends up lasting 3 years.Besides the lagging and the Andriod system, which I don't think is nearly as easy to use or as good as the iPhone, this really is a good phone. Well work $200.

I was a little apprehensive due to some of the reviews but so far so good, I really like this phone, it is very easy to use.

I've tried "several" carrier/cell phone combinations.  Had a motorola triumph which was a disaster ( I should have known this as I've never had any luck with this brand in my area), the combination of the Sprint network and Triumph nearly sent me over the edge.  Well,so I've had a Samsung which I liked a lot and had T-mobile a while back. So I knew this combo would be a winner.  And it is... the plan is just what I need.  The call quality is  excellent and the Samsung Exhibit II is just perfect and is 4G to boot.  Fast and elegant. .  Its been a frustrating search but I feel like Ive come home. Let's hope the cell phone gods continue to smile on this combo.  I'm lovin it so far.

just purchased the smartphone, have had no issues so far, even though the phone is not top of the line it's still an excellent choice for any person on a budget who does not want to get stuck with a monthly bill, has almost all the functions of a high end smartphone.

easy to use wonderful android. I use it mor than my pc & laptop, did you know you can print wireless from the galaxy 4g.. I love this phone.

I got this phone after nearly a year of dealing with crappy handmedown phones and Tmobile being completely unsympathetic to it's contract customer. I signed a 2 year agreement and thought a great bargain on a new phone would be a part of the deal. apparently, "they dont do that anymore." The very best I could get was an Optimus T(?) for $150. Anything else was much more, "discounted." I didn't really have that money at the time, and I know a few people with the Optimus T who weren't all that happy with it. So, I figured I'd wait until the time was right.The Exhibit II is really the perfect balance between smartphone geek and budget freak. For under $200, I was expecting a lot less than this. The next lowest in price as far as a "prepaid" phone is the Samsung Dart. Ive seen this phone before, and even its size alone fails to thrill. But the Exhibit II has a large, brightly lit screen, and endless possibilities.Pros: Lightweight, yet doesnt have a cheap feel.Android 2.3.5 is arguably the most stable Android out there. I have a tablet that runs on 3.2, and despite it being out for a bit, still has some quirks. Most apps are hand crafted to 2.3, and it really just does everything you could possibly want. Most legit apps will run just fine, maybe some shady ones will too.Video and music Playback/streaming is great. I was surprised to get netflix up and running on my phone! No, it doesn't have beats audio or anything, but sound is good for hooking up to headphones and listening on the go.Camera/video chat-As I said, this phone isn't $400, so don't expect a Canon SLR camera here. Its, alright. It will take a good picture in good light, and a mediocre one in any other setting. But, to my surprise, the video chat is much better than expected. I could see and hear clearly, and my mom said she could see and hear me fine as well.Not sure if this is android particular, but here's a few other little cool things:The phone is basically dummy proof--for most things that even seem confusing, all the way down to the keyboard...theres a tutorial nearby.The alarm has so many things to it, such as a pre-alarm to wake you up lightly, and then the regular alarm. Snooze is adjustable, etc...simple stuff.Expandable memory--this really gives you space galore for everything!Cons:For some god awful reason there is not a camera button! you have to open the camera app, and take a picture through a button in the UI. Not a deal breaker, but just seems strange. There really is space for the button...The screen lock is a little annoying. It doesn't give you an option to take the lock off or change it, and its this annoying swipe action that for some reason gets annoying if you don't keep your phone screen on too long.I've experienced force closes. But...I can't say for sure this has to do with the phone. I have them on my tablet as well, and I even had them on my Windows computer. Maybe I just visit the wrong sites!Overall, I can say it is a great phone for someone who wants a nice, well functioning smartphone with *some* of the bells and whistles, but certainly not all of them. I guess if I could describe the Exhibit II, it would be practical. The screen is nice, the sound and video is nice, and the specs on it are on point with the medium, but not big boys. No, it doesn't have Galaxy or whatever specs...but I figure, you must REALLY be a stickler for it to pay that much more. If you aren't...this is the everyman's smart phone.*edit* 1/9/12--I will still stand at four stars...but I have encountered some other quirks. The 356mb RAM seems to be always half used despite doing absolutely nothing. I've cleared it and as many as 12 phantom applications are taking it up--plus just functioning takes up a third! Don't bost the ability to switch apps if you can only have two running without getting laggy.My theory still stands that they skimped in the "right" places to get the lower price. The screen is not small...but the keyboard has given me a run for my money. Its not tiny, but its that "tenth of an inch" missing that definitely makes it seem like my piano fingers are sausage links. Even portrait gets awkward.also, as I said about the lag...wouldn't likely be experienced with a galaxy.I haven't had major battery issues. Then again I don't browse the internet for 5 hours straight.But otherwise, if you want a fully functioning (but not perfect!) Smartphone, this is a great phone for a moderate user.9/17/12-Update. Yes, its been nearly 9 months with this phone. It updated to 2.3.6 and quickly went downhill. It would restart itself, force close, freeze, and just lag. So, I took the dive.I tediously studied for hours rooting the phone. Mine is now running on Cyanogen 9. It was not easy (apparently the simple rooting doesn't work on 2.3.6). But This phone is now amazinger (not a word) than ever. to see it running Android 4.0 really says a lot about the technical capability this phone has. Stinks on Android and samsung (bloatware) for drudging such an amazing device through the cheap mud.

I love the features on this phone. extremely easy to get used to. Great deal for someone who wants a cheaper plan w/ T-Mobile 60$ pre-paid ( i Have) The contract price for the same plan is 80$ because they give you a deal on the phone. You pay a little more up front but save in the long run.I will say that I was in a rush and didnt do my homework, which i usually do and ended up paying 250+ 13$ in taxes at the T-Mobile store. When i got home I saw this for 199.99 no taxes( to Mass of all places, lol). I would return it but they charge 50 restocking fee at T-Mobile so its not worth it.I def recommend this phone so far. One suggestion I have for all phones is to keep it in a case on ur belt/waist. I went through tons of phones that burnt out at work from sweating and dirt/lint getting inside of them. My last phone i had on my waist and its still good as new. with these high function phones it doesnt take much to screw them up. And the company benefits from our carelessness. Invest in a holster now or a new phone later

A recommendation is the samsung galaxy light is better than the exhibit

I bought this phone as a replacement for my Lg Gs 170 Phone. This phone is easy to handle, fun to use, and has all the features I was hoping for. In particular, I enjoy the clear camera, video recording, messaging, wifi, and various applications you can download to this android phone.The only drawback I've noticed is the screen is very touchy at times while at others it's not responsive. This occurs at around 15% of 100% of the time.

Now charges, didn't before, was able to add more storage as well.  Easier to use for loading files than my Apple Ipod.

It's a pretty good deal, but you get what you pay for. This phone has weird quirks. Feels very buggy. I use the crap out of my phones though so I'm sure it would be great for someone who only uses it for calling, texting, and internet. I do 3D modeling on mine. Just kidding, that would be outrageous and very difficult. I do use it for navigation, Pandora, Instagram, Hill Climb Racing, internet, texting, calling, and general jagaloonery. The camera isn't bad. I do wish it had an auto dimming/brightening feature for the screen, but just download a widget that lets you adjust it and you're fine. I don't understand why you have to press &#34;OK&#34; after entering your PIN to unlock it, but whatever. Oh also it's a great compact size. Fits well in the pocket. The vibrator sucks. I never feel it vibrate. Oh and a couple times the clock was off by a couple hours and my alarm didn't go off. It's an adventure, this phone. You never know what's going to happen. It's like oh hey let me call Janice and you press the numbers and hit dial and you don't know if it's going to call Janice right away, 2 minutes from now, or never! hahahaha!!!! I will say it's better than an iPhone in that if someone stole my friend's iPhone and smashed it with a hammer he would be heart broken that he lost all that money, whereas if a hooligan snatched my Samsung Galaxy Exhibit 4G from me and smashed it with a hammer I would just laugh and then by like 3 more of these for the price of an iPhone. Also, I tell people it's the Galaxy Xzibit. Some people believe me. Others do not know who Xzibit is.

I have had this phone for 7 months and this is actually my 2nd one like this. The problem with my first phone was my fault lol my daughter had got a hold to it. My 2nd phone was doing very good at first and I was in love with this phone. It's just a smaller version of the galaxy. Pros: easy to use, front facing camera allowing video chat, small (for my hands)4g works pretty good Cons: front facing camera does not take good pics at all, comes with a bunch of apps that you probably won't use and you can't get rid of them,screen sometimes slow to respond, and you have to hold down the power button for 10-15 sec for it to come on. I initially liked the phone at 1st until I started experiencing very irritating problems. One day my phone would not charge for some reason. It decided it would start back charging a few hours later. But the most FRUSTRATING problem I have experienced is it keeps charging and discharging over and over again. It keeps blinking and vibrating non stop. The only time when it doesn't do it is when it is plugged into the charger. It may be a problem with the battery but I'm not sure but I will be replacing the battery soon. It stopped doing the charging and discharging at the moment. Also when I took the battery out and placed it back it in and then tried to turn the phone on a battery icon popped up. The phone would not turn on until I connected it to the charger. I have also read about of people having the same problem with charging and discharging problem. I will be keeping the phone for right now and see what it does when I get the new battery but I am looking for something much better! I'm not going to tell you not to buy this phone but purchase at your OWN risk. Overall o.k phone but definitely will not buy again and don't recommend.

I like the living wallpaper. The speed is great. It has a camera on both sides. Tons of useful app options. It has everything I need and could possibly want.Update : this phone sucks. It only has a couple apps I loaded myself on it. But its so so slow. It freezes up constantly. There is no message indication light. I hate it.

I purchased this product because I was nowhere near an upgrade with Tmobile and had my previous phone (blackberry) stolen. This was my first touch screen smart phone. It was okay for awhile and i even bought a bigger mini sd card. Once I started downloading apps and taking photos, the phone slowed to less than a snails pace. If you don't restart it at LEAST once a day, the phone will go extremely slow, apps will freeze, and things simply will not work. It is EXTREMELY frustrating, and that is probably the only reason i'm writing this review. I would not buy this phone again, and the first chance i get, I will be smashing it to pieces. I know it is a low end phone, but when you have less than 10 downloaded apps and you can't access your photo gallery because there isn't enough space on your phone, it get very frustrating. I wish i had made a different decision, because i now must wait 4 more months with this piece of crap until my contract is up. Upside.. very compact phone.

I just got this phone. I had my other one for eight years and needed something easier to see for texting. I'm still learning how to use many of the features. I love this phone and recommend it. I also got a good price for it on here also. (Amazon) Thank you. hartmbc3

This phone looks wonderful. It has great apps, a modern look, the seller even sent it in a cool box and it shipped fast. The phone itself, however, is absolute crap. It freezes on the cover screen every time I try to unlock it. Every app crashes at least once before I can get anything out of it, when it goes into low power mode it won't readjust screen brightness or speaker volume after it has been plugged in, then of course the internet seems to only work when I speak nicely to it (no joke, this has been the case several times.) In short, the seller did a great job, the device came as expected, was in condition stated; this phone is absolute crap and I wouldn't recommend anyone buy it as a doorstop, let alone a phone. Go ahead and drop the extra hundred bucks and get a good phone for $200+

I thought I'd take the plunge and join the android craze.  I just want my Blackberry back.  This phone sucks monkey balls.- The battery life sucks.  I have shut down everything in the background that should be sucking it dry (GPS, Bluetooth, etc) and I'm still charging it at least twice a day.  I work on an ambulance.... I NEED to have a phone that I know will be charged in order to give patient reports.  I can take this phone off the charger before I leave for work and by lunch time it's almost dead.- I have VERY small hands... I buy little kids gloves.... and even *I* can't text on this thing for crap.  I feel like I should send out decoder rings with every text message.- Talk about slow.  Even after I rooted it, it's still insanely slow to respond.  I end up in a loop every day because I hit a button then wait 60 seconds for it to respond, hit the button again only to have whatever it is pop up then go away again.  Makes me want to bang my head against the wall.- My god the fingerprints.  I spend all day wiping them off.  One more reason I hate touch screens.  With a passion.- Even rooted it's a train wreck.  I thought getting rid of all the bloatware would make a difference, but it doesn't.- This thing looses signal ALL the time.  I got full strength in my house with my Blackberry... I barely get 2 bars here.- T-Mobile isn't even selling this POS anymore.- It takes it HOURS to charge fully.  Sometimes it isn't even charged over night.It does take decent pics and video.  The back speaker is surprisingly loud.I'm not sure I could hate this phone more all in all.  I have ordered a new battery to see if that solves some of my issues.  I'm not holding my breath and I can't wait to get rid of it.

Battery of the Samsung Exhibit II 4G charging not holding very good. Every hour you have to charge the phone.

This was purchase for my husband. He liked the phone, but could not get pass the small screen size or the size of the phone; it was just too small for his hands.

I've had this phone for 10 months. This phone has become better than nothing - slow to load apps and almost worthless as a phone. At first it was good for apps using my T-Mobile $30 data plan. Perhaps it has become too full; although I keep trying to get rid of apps I don't use often. I use it with my Google account. I have been pleased with streaming Netflix on it and now the World Cup games, but I have never got Kindle working well on it. If I try to place a phone call on it (they go through Google Voice) forget it. &#34;You try a call and take your chances.&#34;

Strengths: Not ridiculously expensive (Lol..made in east, with cheap Love!) Front facing camera, T-mobile monthly plan, Android Gingerbread(although it may be causing most of the issues), currently one of the best bangs for your U.S. buck.Weaknesses: Marketed as 4G but technically it's not, Cheap build material (Typical of Samsung Phones), Loaded with bloatware (Typical with phones locked to carriers), If there's no 4g signal then you are on EDGE! Lags, Headset issues, volume issues (Try the lowest volume setting, its not low) Hard to see screen (Well...not if you don't plan on being outside) SLOW 3 MP rear camera...when its working.Overall: No real big complaints with Fake4g-mobile. Lol...costumer service doesn't exist...closest thing is what the carriers call retention department! Currently the 100 min and data plan for $30 a month isn't bad. Using Skype to call without using the plan minutes is nice. Ask this question if you plan on buying this phone, well any phone. CAN I REMOVE THE CRAPPY PRE-INSTALLED APPS I DON"T WANT AND WHY NOT? After you get the answer, ask yourself, AM I OK WITH PAYING FULL PRICE TO USE A PRODUCT THAT THE "MIDDLE MAN MANUFACTURER" RETAINS CONTROL OVER? if yes, more power to you...I mean...from you to them. Let's really focus on the things that matter. Doesn't matter if it's the mePhone, the Slamsdung, the Meterolo, the another Acronym Company, etc...all of them are pretty much the same! YES!!! EVEN MADE BY THE SAME COMPANIES. Overpriced, made cheaply in the east doohickies! Don't get fooled because the mePhone has Blah Blah display and Blah Blah gyro (LOL...greek dude with the cart on the street sells that too!!!) It's all marketing. Their pennies for our dollars! Oh...The Slamsdung...Well, it will work out of the box. But once you install the Apps YOU want, the phone struggles because their crap is taking space! HOW COULD YOU BE OK WITH THIS! I know about root and freezing with titanium but we shouldn't have to go through that. And to top it off these greedy companies have the nerve to justify their unethical deeds with strong arm threats to their victims..I mean costumers...such as, voiding the warranty, telling you it's illegal to get full access to what you paid for. They invade your privacy and they take your money and never hand over the product...CAN"T YOU SEE THE IRONY? SO...if the phone was not filled with bloatware, unlocked, with full control to the purchaser...Then it would be just like the other! After all that's what the greedy companies claim. It's the excuse, their reasoning to why they must retain control over user interfaces and  product systems. Only a fool asks another what to do. So one suggestion out there is to buy the phone at walmart for $198 with a $30 refill card so you can test it out (while the offer is still here). If you are not completely satisfied with the purchase then you may return it within 15 days of the purchase for a full refund of the phone.  You possibly lose the remaining unused talk minutes but hey just use the heck out of it during the 15 day. Doing what makes YOU completely happy is all that matters,not what others say! GOOD LUCK

Claims to be &#34;Ultra-fast&#34;; is not.

I don't care what the tech specs and all those fancy numbers say. I have had mine since January and this thing is so slow to respond that I would have thrown it away had I not paid $200 for it.Firstly, the autocorrect is awful! It has autocorrected "luck" to "duck" countless times. Funny and cute the first couple of times; but not all that the tenth time or more.When sending texts, the keyboard failed to pop up no matter how many times I tapped the text field --- you see, it shows the string of messages with only a one line text entry field with the keyboard hidden and the idea is that it will pop up once you tap the text field with your finger. Problem is? You have tap it so many times just to get the keyboard to pop-up that it is downright frustrating!And then comes the address book. It takes a full 2-3 seconds of blank screen before it displays the list of names.There has been days when I have had to reboot (restart) the phone three or more times just so it to responds. On countless occasions, it would just play it's "startup theme tune" and that's when you know half your apps are going to stop working. Skype *never* fails to stop working when that happens although it may look like the phone is humming just fine. You have to reboot to get it working.The camera too, more often than not, takes more than 5 seconds to launch when you tap on the icon. A unique selling point about camera phones is the ability to quickly capture an epehemeral moment; but good luck with that with this phone!Unlocking the screen can be a pain at times too --- you have to make sure your finger is way across the other side of the screen so you can swipe it clean across in order to unlock it. No quick flick of the finger like in other phones; no siree/ma'am, that won't work. The phone refuses to budge. You will appreciate my position on this when you're walking from your car with a bagful of groceries in both hands, your left hand barely hanging on to the phone as you try to make a quick call, and see how tedious it can be to swipe it to unlock.It has been a very frustrating experience, and I would highly recommend against buying this phone.

This phone was a great phone.. For about a week, after a week of using the phone the screen would go into a black screen and just freeze up. I have to turn the phone off ATLEAST ounce a day. Me and my brother both got this same exact phone and we both had to send the phone back, because our phones were messing up very badly. I would advise you to NOT BUY THIS PHONE!

I have been using Samsung Exhibit II 4g for almost two weeks now. Initially I had doubts about the data cap of 5g, thinking that I would use it within couple of weeks as I am a heavy user of Skype video calls, music streaming, VOIP, video streaming, Google Navigation etc. I think I was wrong. After couple of weeks of heavy usage (I actually used more than normal use of data on my previous android phones to analyze the average data usage per month) , I managed to use only little over 2g of data while using skype video calls, VOIP, video streaming, Google Navigation etc. I actually rooted my phone and installed RebelRom (custom rom) and got rid of bloatware and transferred majority of apps to external sd card except VOIP apps (I kept VOIP apps in the phone sd to get better voice and video quality). Thanks bpear96 (creator of RebelRom), you did a great job and I appreciate your effort and cannot wait to install your new upcoming version 2.0. I still have close to 880mb available to install apps on my internal sd. After rooting and installing custom rom, the phone works faster, its snappier and I love it more. Before Samsung Exhibit II 4g, I was using LG Optimus V from Virgin Mobile and was quite amazed with its 3g service but Tmobile has better and wider coverage area all over USA plus it has 4g. 4g is a lot faster than 3g. Indoors I get download speeds of 5-6mbps and outside 8-10mbps on average. Wifi tethering works great after rooting and installing custom rom. I cannot wait for a custom rom with Ice Cream Sandwich. I would highly recommend to root this phone and install custom rom to get higher efficiency.

I got the Exhibit II as a secondary phone.  This is a really very good phone for $189.Pros:- Screen size is 3.7". Not too shabby for a sub-$200 phone. It has multi-touch and screen detailing is crisp.- Decent specs with a single-core 1.0 GHz processor and 4 Gigs of internal memory.- Front-facing camera for video conferencing!!  This is what sold me on the phone - the ability to skype or video-gtalk is really nice.- Very good battery life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use - I get 30 to 40 hours on a single charge.Cons:- You have to deal with a lot of T-mobile bloatware. Of course you can always root the phone and delete most of the bloatware.- T-mobile may give you a very hard time unlocking the phone as it is not purchased through them. Since I travel overseas a lot I needed my phone unlocked. I have read that some individuals have eventually gotten t-mobile to unlock their Exhibit II after several calls. I wasn't that lucky so I had to go elsewhere to unlock mine for about $25.Other:- If you are buying this phone to unlock it and use overseas, check to be sure your network is compatible- For the Exhibit II we have:2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 19003G Network HSDPA 850 / 1700 / 2100 / 1900- Several countries in Africa and Europe use 900/1800 which means this phone will only get 2g on those networks.  I found this out when I traveled overseas. :(Overall, I have no regrets with this purchase.

I've used various Blackberries for the last 8+ years. Most recently I used the Blackberry Bold (top of the line). I was getting frustrated with it because it would freeze up and I would have to restart it frequently. When I tried to go to websites, it would just shut down because the pages were too big.My husband switched first. His old BB Bold wasn't compatible with his work email. He got this phone and loved it! Finally I tried it. It was fast and user-friendly. (Both qualities are lacking in the BB). Plus, the Samsung had so many apps!I had to switch-- I really didn't even have a choice. Blackberry is almost obsolete and this phone had so many features that made the phone easy to use and FUN to use. It doesn't freeze up. It downloads web pages with ease. The keyboard and touch screen are easy to use. If I could give it 6 stars I would!

Great phone over all, for the price, battery life is not very good, have your charger ready, or get extra batteries.

I know, I know - all 'droids eat up batteries, but using the phone only, why does the original battery last only a day?! I purchased additional ones, but they do pretty much the same thing. The question is if there is a super-battery somewhere out there to make it last longer.Also, I can't figure out why the screen goes blank during calls, making it frustrating even to find the red icon to end the call. Went through all possible settings but nothing solves this pesky problem.

When the phone is fully functioning, its a excellent piece of hardware. Sure it could be better, but for around $200, its worth it.Now the catch is the 'when it is working correctly'. The phone has the ability to use VOIP for calling when in a Wifi zone (which makes up for T-mobile's bad coverage). The catch is when you try to switch back to the cell network. Its a hit and miss on a good day. 9 out of 10 times, you have to restart the phone to get the connections to reset. This to me is a basic flaw in the phone. Worst is lets say when you had to rush out from home where it was on WiFi, and then as you get somewhere, you need the cell ON, but of course you now have to restart it and wait to make that emergency call at the airport or somewhere like that! Thats just bad design.

Phone works great short term. Long term however, I've had this model replaced three or four times. The screen freezes. Overtime it developes a really long delay, you push a button to make a call, text or open an application and it takes a while for it to be complete.Frustrating!!! I started off loving this phone and know I can't wait to replace it. To be fair I use the internet a lot listen to a music and use youtube freq.

I whould like to say that all now I don't get to use the phone because the battery that comes in it is no good am so dissopointed I can't beleave that they send a battery that is not good .

This is a great compact basic starter smartphone. I use it for my ministry phone. It does everything I need and is easy to use.

I really like my phone. It's just the right size and weight. No complaints at all. It also takes good pictures which was a very important feature I was wanting in a phone. Thank you!!!

Everything exceeded my expectations except for ..EMAIL: (Main reason for getting my phone)1. Can fetch email every 5 minutes, wow! However, it seems you have to wait for 5 minutes since refreshing the page seems to do nothing! :(2. Sometimes, it sends the same email 4 times!!3. Setting my school email as default:I tried many procedures and they all failed, then I got that by random luck through this method: (not sure whether it always works)I entered gmail data using the link below. On my laptop, my default outgoing account on gmail is my school mail. [...]4. Multiple emails are sent to the addresseeEDIT:This problems arises from the "email" application, not the mobile. Gmail application doesn't have this bugs, et signature does not appear in gmail app.

I bought 3 of these and they are great phones.  I used one prepaid T-Mobile card on each one as they were purchased, then I unlocked it and signed up with PureTalkUSA.  Unlocking was completely painless (which is the main reason I bought a 3rd one).  Now I have unlimited talk and text plus a second account for a total outgo of about $40 a month.  I really like the Android operating system and the phone is tough and attractive.  It's a bit small if you don't have good eyesight and at times my big hands miss the icon I'm aiming at.All I have installed is the Amazon Store app and Amazon mp3 player, Opera Mobile browser, NQ Mobile security and an improved file manager.  I installed SanDisk 32GB SD cards in both phones; just pop them in and boot.The only real downside is the bloatware. Sometimes I fill the memory and most of it is bloatware.  Clicking the NQ Optimizer button clears enough memory to continue using the phone, but shutting down the bloatware does no good; these useless apps just start back up.  If this problem was just a little less severe I would just live with it, but it looks like I will have to root all three of these phones.  The bloatware just doesn't leave enough memory for the average users needed apps.Update: I have now unlocked and rooted this phone; both operations are simplistic if approached correctly.  Unlocking is a snap and rooting only has one pitfall.  Don't try to root with the one click applications; I tried that way and after several attempts overseen by the software authors (and installing a lot of java ME libraries on my laptop) we all gave up.  The easy way can be found documented on theunlockr dot com site.  The biggest gotcha is that clockwork mod must be installed *first* (cwm.6012.t679.zip).  If you do that and then install root (root-stock.zip) you are rooted.  NOTE: reboot as soon as you are rooted and then run a root checking program (there is a good one available here on Amazon (Root Analyzer). For about $7 you can then purchase Root Explorer and upgrade Superuser to Superuser Elite and download Root App Delete on Google Play.  Root App Delete is a great application for uninstalling bloatware; the apps are listed as Unknowns (user installed or bundled popular apps) which can be safely uninstalled; operating system apps and kernel modules are listed as such (leave them alone, NOTOUCH etc.).  I also run RAM Control Extreme; note that this app needs to be configured not to kill things while you are using them, but when configured properly it will clean things up in the background without even bothering you (I configured it to run every 30 min.).  I suppose these modifications carry some risk, but nothing bad has happened to me and I see lots of similar testimonials out there.With about 2 hours work I was rooted and another hour of uninstalling and my memory stays about 49% used if controlled by a good Android Ram Manager (was as much as 90+ percent used before and most of it bloatware).  The phone boots faster and runs faster and the changes are transparent.  I lost no functionality.  Better yet I can now use apps which require root access.With a little work and a little additional expense I now have a phone that cost about $200 that is (at least) equal to the $600 "Unlocked International version"). With a pocketful of sims I can use this phone anywhere in the world. This phone is a great buy compared to the price of competitors.  Recommended.Update: I have flashed my personal T679 with Cyanogenmod and like this phone even better.  I overclocked it to 1024 MHz (stock is a little under 300) and after about a week I hit the right combination of hot temperature and working the phone to cause it to hang once.  I dropped it back to 806 MHz and after 3 weeks still no problems and I work this phone as hard as some people work their tablets.  The obvious tradeoff is that the battery drains faster with it overclocked.  For me that isn't a problem; I have chargers everywhere (desk, pickup, bed stand, etc.) and I work it most of the time plugged in.  I am a little rough on my phones no doubt in the same sense a racer is rough on his wheels but that's what I bought it for.Cyanogenmod also has much better memory control built in.  It is just about perfect for me now; liking it better all the time.  Glad I bought these phones.  Recommended.

I absolutely love my camera.  It works very well and almost everything I hoped for.  Only two problems I had was it has no zoom.  I saw in the product description it was to have x3 zoom, and it does NOT. I even spoke with Samsung and they confirmed it. Also, I was under the impression that I could get the $30 unlimited text and web with 100 mins. I was wrong.  That card is ONLY available if you bought the phone through walmart.  So now I have to do the $50 one, or only have 30 GB of internet. Other than those two, I love the phone and would recommend it. Only thing I would have done differently was spend the extra $20 and got it at walmart instead.

I bought this phone because i wanted a smartphone that was fast,had a big screen, and was practical.This phone is all that and more it is blazing fast and is very responive and barely ever delays when switching apps and pages or texting. Also with t-mobile prepaid you get unlimited texting and web for 30 bucks a month and thats hard for any other plan to beat! It runs on android gingerbread 2.3.5 which is great and it has a crisp display. I have large hands and fingers and texting still works fine I almost never hit the wrong key and with the keyboard option of swipe texting its even easier to text. Overall this phone works great and its durable and i would suggest buying a case and screen protecters!

I bought this phone for my wife for Xmas. She loves it, except for a few very annoying and very basic missing functions:When she sets up an alarm clock and shuts the phone down, the phone will not wake up or turn on at all. She has to leave the phone on at all times for the alarm clock to work. It's annoying. We like to turn our phone off at night so we don't get any phone calls. I tried all the possible options I can think of, but no luck. I'm no rookie when it comes to smart phones :) The only other work around is to switch the phone to Silent mode, then it works. But like I said, we like to turn our phones off at night. It works on any of my other phones or any phone I ever had, even a "dumb" phone... It's a shame that the most popular phone OS doesn't have such a very basic function. I don't get it. Also, snooze function could be better too. I have Nokia N900 with Maemo OS, and I love its snooze options, you can either touch the snooze button on the screen, or flip the phone face down if you don't feel like searching for the button when you're sleepy.What she also dislikes about this phone is that it doesn't keep notifying you that you have a text message. It only does it once, immediately when you get it. So, when you're in a noisy environment and you miss that 1st notification, you won't know you have a message until you check it yourself manually. It's very annoying to keep checking / unlocking your phone all the time, just to make sure you didn't miss an important message... A short beep or vibration would be nice. (at least, I can't find the option - anybody?)Otherwise, it's a very nice phone. I just popped my wife's old sim card in, turned the phone on and she was good to go, no issues whatsoever. Call quality is good. Battery could last longer, but that's an issue with practically all smart phones today. Oh, one more annoying thing - when it finishes charging, it beeps loudly, so it wakes you up sometimes.The camera is decent. Good enough for a phone that costs less than $200.Not much else to say, others already did. For less than $200 for a no contract phone that has all the features of a contract phone, you can't beat it. Despite the issues mentioned, she still loves it, and I would still buy it for her. I made my wife very happy.So, just like the 1st review says - Who needs an iPhone?

I bought this to replace a T-Mobile comet phone, which was ok but the screen was too small. After getting the exhibit, I'm totally happy with the screen size and its power.  I would recommend this phone for anyone wanting a entry level andriod phone.

I've had this phone for a month started out good but two weeks later the speaker blew out then its slow i have only downloaded one app. I will so be buying a new one phone

I've had this phone for about 2 years. I grabbed the gel case and the protective cover that was recommended here on Amazon. I have to say those 2 pieces have saved the phone from me more than anything else the phone could have endured otherwise. You *CAN* browse the web, play games, run apps, and whatever else thats promised you can do on smartphones. Please set your expectations about how *FAST* these actions will occur. My goal with this purchase was to get free of contract obligations with subsidized phones, and to that end I've met that goal. I pay approx $55 a month on T-Mobile pre-paid. It will do everything I need it to do, just more so in an elderly, back-seat driver sort of way. No offense to the elderly, you probably move more quickly than this device.

The phone is great. I love it. My only complaint is that the bluetooth won't work with my 2009 corolla for some reason even though it has built in bluetooth software...

it's not the best phone in the world but I like it. everything seems to be working fine I've had it for a week now it was shipped within 3 days. it comes preloaded with some nice applications also. I'd recommend it to anyone on a t mobile prepaid plan.Update: after rooting and removing all of the bloatware, flashing a new rom.. It's a good Lil phone now.The cameras are not the best,  but I'm not a photographer so it does the job.

So I activated in April then tried to set up auto-bill pay with my bank. A t-mobile rep said my phone number was my account #. Good enough. So the payment went to the Los Angeles office on the 10th of May but never appeared on my phone account. So on the 13th of May I called t-mobile. They say I can't do bill pay on the prepaid plan. That was why it wasn't put on my account. BUT THEY KEPT THE $30.00 and won't give it back!SO THEY SAY I CAN'T MAKE PAYMENTS LIKE THAT BUT KEEP THE $$$ ANYWAY!The irony is that when it seems you might actually reach a person who might be able solve the problem, the phone connection is so bad we can't hear each other. What does that say about a phone company?The Samsung Exhibit II 4G is great. The t-mobile customer service is probably the worst I've ever experienced in my aged life. No exaggeration.

I have this phone for almost a month. I love it. Very reasonable price with useful features. I'm so glad I bought this product and case cover [ASIN:B0069TJ4CG TPU Skin Cover for Samsung Exhibit II 4G T679, Black]. Higly recommended.

it's a small device. it's very light and handy.it works okay But it constantly restarting itself and freezes a lot.and it is very slow. if you are using phone a lot, I don't recommend this phone.

The bloatware on this phone drastically slows down performance. It lags when changing applications. It's embarrassing when my friends with iPhones are Googling or finding their way with their GPSes so much faster than me. It lagged when I needed it most. It power cycled at bad times. I suffered for about 3 months like this.Then I rooted it and installed Rebelrom 3.09 on it. Now it runs faster and smoother. DISCLAIMER: this voids your warranty and takes a bit of digging around to get it working right.. I was careful in installing it. I considered cyanogenmod but I wanted my camera and emergency calling to work. Now my phone looks better and does not lag as much when switching between applications. Rebelrom is lightweight compared to stock OSOTHER THINGS:The earpiece is quiet. I had trouble hearing people in my car before. But I've learned how to position it on my ear to get the best sound out of it. In quiet areas it's fine.3d games are mostly not playable. I've played simple games like zynga poker and words on this phone. It works great for simple things like that.the screen is fine for reading text, I read a lot of news and journal articles online. It gets a bit washed out in the sunlight but I don't do my heavy reading in the sunlight.The power button is difficult to press without a cover on it. I got this one (http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006ECAMY2/ref=oh_details_o03_s00_i00) and it works great. The speaker feels tinny. The camera is ok. I take pictures in bright light and take pictures of my food. This is a baby point and shoot. I'm not a pro or anything, but I know that this camera is not as great as some other reviews put it up to be.I expected this phone to be the best bang for my buck out of the box. But I spend several hours rooting and flashing a new ROM on it for it to work to my satisfaction (I'm new to Android mods).

Great phone...actually feel like i have a real phone now..this phone makes the blackberry look like a toy..very fast..great features,,phone has some gravitas.. (love the 2 cameras, i just took some great xmas photos) im enjoying the all the android apps..i was thinking about buying a kindle until i found out about the book app on this phone..now im reading books from my phone..the battery life is great..ive had the phone on for 3 days on no charge..screen size is pritty big...textings is easy...4 g is great..,, all this on a 50 dollar prepaid plan..how can you go wrong?..im enjoying my brave new world..

Overall its a pretty good phone. before this I was with virgin and had the optimus slider which I liked. The problem with this phone is there tons of junk on it and i can't figure out how to root it. But if I can root it and get all the crap off this phone is great. Anyone have ideas on how to root?

It's yet another product I would say worth for the amount. I am forced to give 4 stars*, just because of the bloatware loaded on to the device. The look is great and it's not heavy. The Android OS interface is so cool. Battery life is average. (lasts as good as 24 hours with a very basic usage (calls, data and sync emails) and about 12 hours with extensive usage (wifi, gps etc.,). The screen size is the biggest advantage. The camera is really nice (I am wondering on critical reviews on camera). The front camera is just a VGA, still good for video chatting using skype. (not sure whether a skype or Android's bug not detecting the headset during answering skype calls - not a big deal though, just unplug and plug back the audio jack). A good phone if you are a beginner to use smart phones.This is technically the 2nd phone I received with the same order, as the first one's audio jack wasn't giving sound on both sides. Thanks to Amazon, as they replaced a new phone the very next day.Update 1 : Just noticed that, whenever there is no actual 4G coverage (though the network shows as 4G), the speed drops to EDGE instead of 3G. Not sure if this is phone's problem or T-Mobile's.Update 2: After 4 weeks I found couple of weird things. The mobile restarted itself 2 times while I was on a call. Once opening the camera makes the display to look green (like a garbled image) and the phone hung , so have to remove battery and power it on to make it work.*So I am now forced to make it to 3 stars from 4

This phone sucks, it lags it freezes you can barely call people you can't get on the internet, you can't even play games. I recommend not buying this crappy phone for anybody!!!!! :]

I got mine today. It is an excellent entry level smartphone.Good* competitive price as $200* decent size , not too big, not too small* usually fast and can handle netflix smoothly* Internet tethering is supported by default. no  hacking is needed at all.* very good screen for text and pictures* the Android installed has some nice features, like a task manager to show and stop running apps. Very handy.Some noticeable issues for the first day.* the back of the case is VERY, VERY slippery. The worst of all phones I ever had. You have to be very careful when holding it. Maybe it is the vendor's intention that you can drop one dead on the ground and buy another one.  For now, I applied some black tapes on the back. It is a little better.* I can notice occasionally lag when flipping screens. It is strange considering the 1 GHz processor it has.* The only way to active the screen is trough the power button. It is little annoying since you have to hunt for the power button. I wish it had a physical home key which could active the screen. There might be another way. But at least I don't know yet.* T-mobile's 4G network is slow in my area. I can only get a few hundred kilo bps (less than 1Mbps!) most of the time.* Battery life is a concern. I may have to charge it daily to be safe.Updates after a few days of use.-----------------* camera: the shut lag is very bad. I thought autofocus was a good feature. But it takes 2 seconds to focus. Only good for shooting stationed objects, not for shooting anything moving.* video recording is impressive if you just watch the results on the phone. But uploading it to youtube will lose some quality. Very frustrating about this. Hope there is a way to upload video with its original quality.* The speaker's quality is worse than the T-mobile Comet's speaker. Playing Pandora gives me some high pitch noise. Tolerable but unhappy about this.* For me, there is no choice of $30/month for unlimited data and 100 minute talk from the "My account" app of the phone. Not sure if T-mobile dropped this option or what. I do see the choice of $30/month 1500 minutes or messages.* T-mobile's $3 Daily unlimited voice,text and data has some gouging trick. With a payment of $3, I switched my plan to it from as-you-go-plan at around 2pm on one day (Day-1). T-mobile started to charge me again for the next day (Day-2) at 11:45pm , without waiting for 24 hours at all.  I also tried to switch back to pay as you go around noon on Day-2. The switch becomes effective immediately, forfeiting all the rest of Daily Unlimited Plan from 12pm to 12:00am. So in reality, I paid $6 for less than 24 hours (from 2pm on the first day to 12pm the next day).  Be aware of this kind of trick played by T-mobile!----- update 3 ---------I changed my rating back to 4 star after realizing the screen problem is not an issue. My first impression for its picture display was wrong.I am keeping this phone. It is enjoyable to use it overall, except for the low quality speaker.

Have kept the phone for one and half month. It is so much fun to play with the phone and so many things it can do. Forget about annoying itune. Everything is easy like breeze on this phone.

i've had this phone for like 2 weeks, and it is amazing! there's only one little problem tho, that when i try to send a message, it usually fails. and it's been doing that a lot recently. maybe it's just my company though. but other than that, AN AMAZING PHONE. TOTALLY WORTH GETTING.

The picture quality and the ease of use are there, but the phone has locked up on me and I have had to do a hard shut down to remedy the problem. Because this phone is a Samsung product, I thought it would meet my expectations. :(

If you prefer pre-paid service and you want to upgrade your phone, this is a great phone to choose.It is a fully capable smartphone. You can modify it if you are a techie or have the ability if you do you research.

This is my first smart phone so I don't have a comparable phone to compare with. I'm shure as time goes by and I'm more familiar and more proficient in it's use,perhaps then I'll give a higher rating.

I was way too optimistic when ordering this mobile phone. Hoped for quick response and decent web surfing comparable to two-year old PC. Not true. The phone keeps freezing, self-rebooting, and overall really slow. Reminds me of 450GZ PC running Windows 95 way back then, in 1990th :(

I'm someone who uses their cell phone camera A LOT! I was SOOOOO upset after I bought it!!!! There is NO zoom for the camera!! Even old school flip phones have a zoom!! Also you can NOT rotate OR crop photos! ARRRR this mad me mad!

This phone sucks badly.  I t freezes, the battery does not hold a good charge and when you go into an app it often redirects itself back to the home screen.  The speaker is faint and the pictures are not that clear.  The biggest pain is the freezing and the redirecting out of apps. I am very dissatified with this phone and I wish I had never bought it.  I cannot afford to buy another phone so I have to keep it

The samsung exhibit is a great product. May only two complaints is that i wish it had a newer version of andriod and the performance lags with demanding programs. Overall satisfied with the performance.

I just received my phone today and i love it.. right now it is the best deal on prepaid phones out there so far. im on the $50 a month plan on t-mobile and its great u get unlimited everything. Also the picture quality is amazing.

great phone and the price was awesome. had a issue with the charger and they went beyond what I ever expected.would buy again from them in a minute

I must said I was a little disappointed when I first put my hands on the Samsung Exhibit II 4G, although my previous device was also in the same range felted more "high-end"; but after a couple of minutes I've notice how good it feels in my hand, and how good it looks, the minimalistic design, etc. -but of course I'm not into the look- under the hood this little marvel has enough power to compete with other smartphones way up, even when compared with an iPhone 4, as a matter of facts it has almost the same specs and cost a fraction of it.I have read many complaints abou all the bloatware from T-Mobile, and I must say that is annoying but it can be solved very easy, although rooting and hacking your phone is legal, it voids the warranty

Everything I needed in a phone for a great price. Just swapped the card from old phone and ready to go.

This phone has not performed to expectation.  The touch screen does not sense motion well.  It has a very slow processing speed.  After less than 18 months, I had to replace because it no longer worked.  Save your money and buy another model!

I got this phone to use on the straight talk network and it works well. You do have to get a sim card from straight talk to use it on the network and they cost about $15 dollars. I will have to say that they do come with a lot of apps and I have downloaded some also so the battery life is not as long as I would wish but I just recharge it and all is fine. I highly recommend this phone. On the straight talk network the cost is $45 a month with unlimited talk, text, and internet I am over the moon. I even downloaded words with friends so I am always hooked up. For the money a great phone.

This my first smart phone ever and so far very impressed.Pros-size is great not too big and bulky,just the right speed,has voice activation really nice feature. Ease of use. Manual has step by step instructions and a few tutorials on the phone.Cons-battery life is not long....as long as use the power save feature. You must turn off all apps to save your battery life...I find myself charging it up sometimes twice a day depending how much of the apps I use.It doesn't have any repeated notification for text msg or voice mail.You get one notification after that you only need to check the main screen. Unlike my old razor it notified you until you opened the text or check the voice mail. I miss that feature...so what I lost one feature but gained who lot more...Overall I am happy with it for the price.I do reccomend  this smart if you are not looking to get into a contract and spend a lot of money on a phone...Go for it...if you looking for a whole of bells and whistles for the next model up.

It's been a good 3 or 4 years since I bought a cell phone.  My old one was one of the original My Touch models which I absolutely loved when I got it.  It had been run over and most of the color had been scratched off.  So needless to say it was finally time to upgrade.My husband and I are researchers (and super frugal) so when it came time to say goodbye to the My Touch I really wanted to get a great phone for super cheap.  The Amaze and Galaxy are all the rage right now but since I don't want a 2 year contract they're just really expensive phones to buy off the shelf.  That meant we had to find a phone we felt was as close in quality as the Amaze or Galaxy but for half the price plus great functionality since I'm on the phone almost 20 hours a week for work.We did all our research and read all the reviews and made the choice that the Exhibit II was the ticket and boy were we right.  I just got my phone yesterday and it looks great and functions even better!!!  It functions very intuitively so no need to get out the manual.  The speed is off the charts!  I was able to get everything set up in 30 minutes or so and then just played with my new toy.  I was so enthralled with it in fact that my husband had to gently remove it from my hands just so I'd go to sleep.Can't wait to use the phone for work today since I already know it's going to increase my productivity.

I purchased this because I am disconnecting the home phone sense my wife passed away, and I carry a cell anyway. The money I'm saving I upgraded to T mobile  unlimited talk, text and data and I'm saving $35.00 a month now. It's a great phone with lots of apps, plus more to download. I'm new at this type of phone, but I'm loving it. Good speed, great screen, good battery life so far. Thanks Guys.

I saw a review of this cell on you tube, and I liked. Its a good phone, and ease to use.

Just what I ordered when I needed without paying too much at the providers ridiculous insurance plan. I would definitely recommend to others.

This phone has it all. There have been reports of people complaining about the low volume when listening to calls. The solution is to put on the hearing capability this will increase the audio to your liking. Other than that Tmobile has done it again and this time they have cut my phone bill in half. I just love this and I am so glad to be the proud owner of such a great phone.Thanks to Amazon they have pulled through on this one....

If I could give this junk 0 stars I would! This is absolutely THE worst phone I have ever had, and I have had quite a few. It constantly freezes, is extremely slow/laggy, and drops calls for no reason. I cannot count the number of times I have wanted to throw this thing in the trash. Please, whatever you do take your money elsewhere.

Hi, currently looking for anew phone and this seems like a great one but is amazon a reliable source to buy a good phone like this one??? If so, how would the return policy work, or is there even one just incase something doesn't work with it?

I love it! So many great features and it has Everything I need in a phone! The only thing I think it doesn't do yet is walk up to me and kiss Me!!!!!!!!

The good:It does all the things it says it does, provided you have a two year fully loaded plan.  IF you had that plan, you wouldn't be paying 189.00 for a phone.The bad:I have a monthly unlimited plan, and was curious about testing the USB tethering hotspot.  Works great if you only want to go to T-mobile's site with another device.  Yep, can't be used as a hotspot at this price.Turn your wifi off and go to a speed test site.  Best I got with T-mobile's "4G" was 500Kbps - not even 1 Mbps.  Know the difference between 4G and LTE.  T-mobile doesn't have LTE.Visual voice-mail won't work without a 2 year unlimited plan.  T-mobile even blocks 3rd party voice-mail apps. I have no idea when I have a new voice mail.  I have to call it to see.If you really want this phone and use all its features, you have to buy an unlimited plan with a 2 year contract.  T-mobile has done everything to hide that fact when advertising this phone.  Buyer beware.The Ugly:T-mobile, and their deceptive adverting.Who knows what else I will find that won't work. I only had it a week, and it is going back.

Not bad, pretty quick phone for this price range. MUST root to get rid of the bloatware on it though.****UPDATE 10/15/12****Phone turned out to be a disappointment. Very sluggish at times, pushed android 2.3.6 to the stock rom which fixed messaging bug. But even after putting a custom rom on it, the phone was still very slow for my blood (not to mention losing camera functions with custom rom). Gave it to my wife after her phone became water logged. She works in the city so she always has tmobile's "4g". She loves the phone, i don't. Bought a lumia 710 till windows phone 8 comes out.

For a phone that is only a year, or so, old production wise, it moves about as slow as dial up internet service back in the day. Everything from texting to receiving a call or trying to open an app. I would not recommend this phone to anyone who is use to the speed of a modern phone. I gave it 2 stars just because it worked out of the box.

Absolutely a great phone, very fast 1gh processor, nice big screen, real web-browsing, very recent gingerbread android market, tons of apps. front facing camera, the phone is very light and not bulky at all it fits in pockets easily. The only drawbacks are the camera and battery life. It only comes with a 3mp camera although it does come with flash and Takes OK pics. Battery life is not too great your looking at about a day or less depending if you are light or heavy user. Although it can be manageable following battery saving tips, and not being stuck in a high monthly rate contract is also great.

the battery life on this phone is the worse then any smartphone or android phone i have. With bluetooth off, wifi off, gps off,in the case on belt ,no phone calls.  In 4 hours i get the signal the phone is shutting down. I bought this phone in January didnt get around to transfer the sim until around end of February, so brand new li-ion battery s no good, i bought a couple cheaper  batteries  to see if they were NY better same thing.i noticed in the Samsung website that the battery for this phone comes with 1500mah  battery.i hear that rooting  it will solve a lot of battery problems, but i am worried i may not be able to unroot it properly , and  lose any  warranty service.

Historically I've always thought that smart phones were a bit of an indulgence.  However, I started my android experience with the Original Kindle Fire, and have graduated to the HD version.  It made my life so much better, that when my Samsung slider "dumb" phone was not quite as useful as it used to be, I started looking for an inexpensive android cell phone.  Here is my review....1. Memory: There is enough on board memory for primary apps.  You need this, especially if you are an amazon customer like me because the Amazon App Application needs to be placed in the main memory and it takes up quite a bit.  You'll need to supplement the on board memory with a micro 32GB memory card.  This will be for your other apps.  There wasn't enough main memory for me for all the apps that I like to run.  4 or 5 Stars2. Battery: I was surprised to experience the lack of endurance in the battery.  However, there are lots of ways to manage that, including bringing your charger to work!  2 of 5 stars3. Screen:  The resolution is very good.  The screen is good at understanding your touch and has a positive response.  5 of 5 stars4. Weight:  The phone is light.... Unusually light!  so if you like it that way, its 5 of 5 stars.5. Ergonomics: While the screen is good to the touch, and the phone is light, the case is slick as you know what.  You will need some sort of case to keep the darn thing in your hand.  But, since most of these phones need a case anyways, thats probably not a huge problem.  4 of 5 stars6. Cameras: Nice!  Its got a rear facing and a front facing camera.  I like that.  Although Skype isnt specifically approved yet for this phone, nor have I tried to run it, I have hopes that it will run fine.  5 of 57. Wireless:  Wifi, Bluetooth and GPS all are awesome.  I could see me retiring my Garmin GPS.  Which probably means I'll need a windshield mount for this.  5 of 5.In all, the worst things about the phone is the battery and its so darn slick and slides out of your hand.  But both are manageable.  I like this phone!

My wife purchased this phone for me as a graduation present. I have to admit it's my first smart phone and I am very satisfied with it. The size is perfect, love the responsiveness, screen resolution and features like GPS, WI-FI, Buetooth etc. I cannot be any happier. I have a prepaid plan without data so I use GPS apps that work on satellites only and the WI-FI at the house for WI-FI calling to save on minutes. Bluetooth is a bonus since my computer has the feature also, no cables needed to connect. I love the endless opportunities with the available apps. Its like having a mini laptop with cell phone, love it! For the price it's probably the best bang for the buck.

I have had this phone for a little over a month now. So far the phone has worked okay. Sometimes it freezes up with certain apps. A few times the 4g has just shut off for no reason, but I think that is more of a problem with T-Mobile than anything else. Other than that, when the phone functions correctly it is a great phone. I bought this phone as a pay as you go, but stuck my own sim card in it, and other than random bugs with the apps its better than other tmobile phones I have had in the past. Another bug was that when I would get certain notifications it would start vibrating and not stop.

I thought I was getting this phone for a steal. Teh description had me reeled in and it looked pretty nice. Well, that's all it's good for really. Decoration. The phone frequently shut's itself odd, drops calls and some calls were missed completely. Even when someone was standing right in front of me they would hear it ringing on their end but the call never came through on mine. A waste of money. The apps freeze, heck the phone was in a constant state of freezing. Never again.

Great android phone, for a great price. Enough for my chats, videos, social networks and gps. Enough internal memory, better than most of the phones of it's price and even from higher prices. I had to replace the battery a month ago, and it works as good as new

The phone is decent but T-Mobile service stinks.  We had a weather warning issued in the area few days ago. My sister's US cellular and my brother's Verizon phone alerts went off beeping with warnings about the weather emergency while the T-Mobile phone did nothing!!!!  Had it not been for the other carriers, we would not have known about the flash floods.  T-Mobile sucks!!! Do not depend on it to notify you of your local emergencies.  With the recent weather desasters, this is a big deal.  Stay away from T-crap.

I love the phone! It has a camera in the front and back which makes it easy to Skype. I love the screen size because it is not as large as the TV looking ones. All the apps work with the Walmart plan which is great! Has many preloaded apps that you can remove if you need, unlike the IPhone. This phone is very fast! Will be purchasing another one.

Item appeared to be refurbished. Kept freezing up on me. Have to constantly take out the battery to restart the phone. At first it appeared to work fine for the first month then I started having problems with it freezing up on me. I purchased this same phone for my husband a year ago and it's still working fine. Now mine has stopped working completely after repeatedly removing the battery.  I'm very disappointed because I truly love samsung products.

This phone came earlier than expected and it worked just fine. Like most smart phones, the battery life was bad but for the most part it lasted throughout the day with mild usage. Although the screen cracked upon being dropped, it still worked just fine! Great phone for an even better price. The only problem I had was the phone tends to have a slow performance when the memory starts being used more frequently.

This phone just plain works.Pro's1. Reasonably long battery life2. Stable-Doesn't crash or freeze3. Fast processor 1gb4. Loud Speakerphone with excellent quality on both ends5. Large screen6. Universal Charging port-Any Micro-USB will charge it7. Bright Sensitive Screen8. Price is very reasonable9. Front and Rear Cameras10.Fast enough to support Tango Video conferencing without noticable lagCons1. Replacement screen impossible to find. My first dropped out of my e-bike at 30mph worked perfectly but screen cracked. No replacements available on the market. I had to buy another phone. Sigh...2. Only Turns on when you use the side button3. T-Mobile puts alot of crapware in this. The ram shows around 257 out of 350 when nothing is running.I am absolutely satisfied with this phone, when the first one broke after a week (accidental my fault). I went and bought another one.My biggest reason was the excellent speakerphone, stability, and fast processor.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Update- I've had this phone for 3 months and still working flawlessly.

For the price, this is a fairly decent phone.  I switched from Blackberry, so I miss the physical keyboard, and small size of my BB.Size: As Android phones go, this phone is one of the smaller ones.  It is almost the exact same size as the iphone, and even has a larger screen than the iphone.  Screen size to phone size ratio is among the best around.Weight: AverageSpeed: Web browsing is fast.  The phone sometimes takes 3-4 seconds to load the page with my corporate email - seems like a long time when you are staring at the screen.  Other than that it seems ok.Battery: Terrible.  But as I understand, all newer phones are like that - wish they would take a page from Blackberry and get a clueInternal memory: I've downloaded a few apps and seem to have more than enough memory left.Software: Phone installed an update the second day I had it, so it runs Gingerbread.  It came with all sorts of preloaded software I don't want, but since I seem to have plenty of memory left on the phone I'm not worried about it.Other: You have to download stuff and tweak settings to get it to do what you want, and it does not always comply.  I'm usually quite technically adept, but I set this thing to receive push email, and now for some reason it is not downloading new emails from my gmail.  So there is some setting messed up.  It is not like a blackberry, where everything just worked, but I think that is Android, not this particular phone.Accessories: Phone did not come with a memory card, but has alot of internal memory.  Came with a USB cable and with a very nice (very small) wall charger, and a SIM card.Delivery: Took Amazon 5 business days to get the thing out of their warehouse - it just kept stating status was "shipping soon."  But once it shipped, it arrived in less than 18 hours.7/21 EDIT TO ADD: I am using this prepaid phone on a regular post paid TMobile plan, and it works just fine.  Just put in my own SIM card, called TMob and asked them to change my plan from Blackberry to regular data (no cost difference on my plan), and it works.  This was the least expensive option for me; TMob wanted $329 to buy the phone outright from them; Amazon was $189.Edit 7/21: Have had the phone a little over 2 weeks now.  Battery life is MUCH better if you physically turn off the device each time you are done using it - press button on upper right side.  I was not used to having to do this, as my Blackberry either turned itself off, or somehow did not use as much power.  Physically turning it off, I can get through a day on the battery.  Part of saving battery life is setting display brightness to about 5%, screen time out to 1 min, and touch key light to 6 seconds.  The 5% brightness is more than sufficient inside, but I cannot see the screen when outside.  Will have to find an app that adjusts brightness when outside.  Also, this particular android model has no LED light, so the phone lacks the visual notification that there is a new email or voice mail (ie like the BB blinking light).  I solved that by downloading an app called "NoLED" which is terrific, and even shows the time on the screen.  I'm getting used to the size of the phone; it is not as much of a problem as I anticipated, but still larger than my BB Pearl.  Other issues are all Android issues, but I'm getting used to them or solving them.  Gmail problem is solved, and a free app called "SMS Unread" can be downloaded and configured to show the number of unread emails in each gmail account.Update 12/22: At the five month mark, I'm reasonably satisfied with this phone. Biggest complaint about this phone is it's ridiculously terrible battery life.  I think this a shortcoming of non-Blackberry phones (ie all Android & Iphones) and not this specific phone.  A colleague who went from Blackberry to Iphone has the same problem.  As a result of the poor battery life, my screen is set to the absolute lowest brightness, so I can't see anything on the phone when in the car or outside (anything subject to natural light), which is the second worst thing about the phone.  I probably use less than 45 minutes a day of cell, and check it occasionally; battery really should last longer and allow for brighter screen setting so it can be seen in a car.  Third on list of gripes is that it is not as fast as my friends Iphone5, but it is not a $700 phone either.  I'll keep the $520 I saved and wait a few seconds for the phone to respond to certain commands.  I'm told this is because the memory is filling up; I'd like a way to get rid of all the preloaded programs for which I have no use.  Rooting will do this, but the root procedure for this model supposedly breaks it's ability to call 911, so I'm not interested in that.On the ok side, the picture quality is better than my BB, not stellar, but not bad enough to change phones. Seems lately to have developed a problem connecting via USB to the computer to download pics, but that might be Android, not this model of phone.  I've also had an issue where I try to dial a number and it immediately disconnects.  I pull the battery and let it restart and everything works fine.  I don't know if this is caused by the phone, the OS or Tmobile.On the plus side, I've dropped it numerous times and the screen does NOT crack like iphones do.  I find this one of the major advantages. The other advantage that I LOVE is the TMo Wifi calling - as long as I have a wifi connection, the cell part of the phone makes and receives calls regardless of the strength of cell coverage.  Third advantage (silver lining in the cloud?) is that even though it does not have a hard keyboard (which I miss), it comes preloaded with "swype" for entering your text/numbers.  This works pretty well, and makes entering text bearable, and apparently a feature like this does not come preloaded on iphones, because a few iphone users have marveled at this feature.  I have no issues with sound quality on the cell, both regular and on speaker phone, and internet connection seems to work at a nice clip.  Web pages are displayed crisply, so screen resolution is good.Overall, I'm pleased with the phone and pleased with the price.

arrived as stipulated in a super excellent condition.. best phone ever.. it was a pleasure transacting with you. i highly recommend this buyer and phone for other people out there wanting to make an easy, stress free, and self satisfying business.

Very good, affordable and smart phone, bought it for my wife based on my experience with Samsung Sidekick 4G and her disinterest in a physical keyboard. Her phone just works so well and has a bright screen and good battery life, 'tho she does not place as much demands (gps, Bluetooth, etc as I do). She primarily uses it as an e-reader for books. The android phone and our android tablet sync as she switched from one to another to read. She also emails and texts and phones. We both use T-mobile pre-paid and mostly our home wi-fi to keep cost of data down. she has used about $100 in 10 months of ownership, I use about $100 in 3 months by buying 1 days worth of data as I need to travel to non-wi-fi areas or anticipate more than 20 minutes in a day of phone calls.

Since making my choice to buy the Samsung Exhibt I have had a good time using this phone.I am an ignorant tech person, limited as yet in my skills and knowledge. But...I have no problem learning new ways to use the apps and abilities of this phone. I still haven't read the manual like I should, but C'est la Vie!Texting is easy, email is a snap, calls are swift and visually the graphics are perfect. I use a new feature every day... love having the hotspot function, wifi calling, and all for under $200.I use the Samsung Galaxy Tab at work, so I am already familiar with the OS.Right now I use the monthly rate of $50 w/100 mb of 4G; I intend to upgrade soon to the higher cost plan for the larger data use.

The first thing brought to my attention is T-Mobile said it was in the wrong box.  Then, the back cover would not close completely.  The agent at the store could not correct it.  They thought the battery was too thick.  What I later found out, was the phone had been disassembled and put back together wrong.  I came to this conclusion because all the warranty stickers covering the screws were either missing or torn. hmmm.  I ended up buying an LG L9.  Wow, what a difference.  I recommend you don't be cheap like I was.  I ended up spending more when I should have just bought a good phone to begin with.

I bought the Samsung Exhibit II 4G for my son, he just loves it really nice features. It is also rugged after numerous falls it's still going strong. Fast enough for all he's put it through, music, apps you name it he's done it. Would recommend.

FYI: I have had this phone for less than 1 week.I havent been totally displeased with this phone (but I cant bring myself to give it 3 stars).  It is quick, the screen has pretty crisp images/good resolution and colors (depending on what you are used to), the camera is good (not great), and the Samsung interface is better than vanilla Android in my opinion (adding shortcuts/widgets to the homescreen for example).  However, this phone has been freezing a LOT (also..the pull down notification bar often wont stick/stay down, it just goes back up, the call volume could be a little louder, and the signal ability seems slightly weaker than other phones).  Basically, it freezes once or twice with every 20 minutes (straight) of use.  And it was like that even when I barely had any apps downloaded onto it.  To make matters worse, it doesnt just pick up where it left off after a few minutes of me waiting...it concludes by restarting itself!  This is usually not a big deal but I have worked on school papers via phone before and I would hate for it to shut down during a time like that.  Such an issue just doesnt make the phone feel dependable.  Im considering returning this phone.If it matters to you...the freeze ups are not during gaming or watching movies...they are during simpler things like clicking on something (or just the Back button) within the first 1 or 2 screens of an app.  Neither Home nor Back work.  Not even volume (oh, that freezes up too by the way...when there is no other freezing going on.)  The only button that works is the lock screen/power button but it only provides the on/off screen, not any actual locking or powering down during the freeze.Tiny gripe:  I wish there was some other way to turnt he screen on other than just by the somewhat stiff, high-up button on the right-hand side.  Its not a convenient spare fo the moment location.  The phone is a *little* awkward to hold/not narrow enough and I dont have short fingers.  The plus of the power/lock button being high is carefree placement in a car mount, but its just high up enough to not be a comfy location.  The volume button is a little lower and no problem.Tethering - at least as is - does not work, but I dont fault the phone for that (but I wanted to let you know what to expect).  I am quite sure it is due to T-Mobile now charging (monthly add-on) for Wifi and USB tethering. I havent had any problems with bluetooth connectivity.

I think it is a good price, considering you know what you pay, and then what you get. the battery life is VERY VERY VERY short, it doesn't last one day, also sometime it takes longer to open when I restart the phone.also during day time outside it hard to see the screen, and hard to use the phone unless you are under the shade.

I have owned an iPhone for the last 3 years and like many of the customers of this phone switched in an attempt to reduce my cellular expenses.My expectations were really high and so was the disappointment. I'm still giving this phone 3 stars because its probably a good smartphone if not compared to the iPhone. I can get used to the Android interface and structure - that's not the issue. My quarrel with this phone is perhaps not even with the hardware, rather with it's Android OS deployment. The issue is that of stability. In less than one week of ownership I have had to reboot it numerous times, had multiple occasions of an applications responding VERY slowly and have seen some odd behavior such as text messages forwarded to multiple email boxes without solicitation.I'm hoping that all these issues will get resolved via firmware/OS updates. As much as I wanted this phone to be  an equal replacement to my iPhone, unfortunately it is not.

I will never use another brand of phone if Samsung continues to build phones like this. After having the phone a couple of months, and having no issues, I had the unfourtinate event of this phone falling out of my pocket and into some slush. To top it all of, the phone was run over by a car before I had a chance to recover it. After I picked it up, to my surprise, the phone still worked, including the touch screen even though the screen was shattered.I kept using the phone, broken screen and all, for the next couple weeks while I ordered another screen. While replacing the screen, I saw inside that everything was in perfect shape and no water dammage from the slush and no issues with the LCD. To say the least I was very impressed.

One of the best and inexpensive phones out there.Samsung products are great and support is also top notch. Very satisfied.

I found this phone to be very good initially, however, when I realized that T Mobile is selling it cheaper with a protector sheet on it... I had to switch!Otherwise the phone looks good, battery life could have been better... Camera, at 3MP produces good photo quality. Android version seems cannot be updated, so if you buy, you have to settle with it. I'm sure, since this phone is so new, its taking a little time to make a mark, but soon at such good price, it might rule the segment.This phone comes more or less a little blunt. So, be prepared with the apps to install. Very light weight, and as of now, no accesory available in the market physically... only with T Mobile shop and Amazon.The only thing I am not able to understand is, if the screen is capacitative or resistive.... at times troubles a bit...

The phone is very good for the price you pay. Also the quality of the camera is very good considering it's being 3.2 MP. But after about 4 months of use, I experience some lags, which may be quite annoying sometimes.

I chose this because of 4G and I like the Samsung products.  I do not like the glare in sunshine which makes it hard to read.

Excellent phone for the price I paid.  I was able to transfer the data from my old phone.  Works great.

I ordered a new one, but when it arrives, I was certain it wasn't a "new" one: it lacks logo of either t mobile or samsung, the charger connection on the phone is dusty. I brought it to a local t mobile store and they said it seemed to be refurbished. To me, it seems it's being re assembled. When I try to call them for information, it seems like they aren't taking phone calls during business hour. Absolutely horrible.

I just bought this item to get the T-mobile 30$ unlimited 100 mn plan.Item came really fast within 2 days (with free super saving). I'm writing how to activate the plan as some people had trouble with that apparentlyThe activation of the 30$ plan is straightforward (if you are a new customer, I don't care to get a new phone number but apparently people have trouble to switch their old number to this plan. It is aimed to attract new customers...) just go there[...]and enter your informations and the activation informations (activation card on the document inside the box + info at the bottom of the box or check the sim card and the phone battery). Just follow the instructions (pay 30$, etc)For the phone activation, I had more trouble. After your plan is activated (and paid) you will get an email. Use the information on the mail to activate your phone. There are probably several ways to do it (call T-mobile ?). For me, I went there[...]and followed a step by step process (add an info written on the email they just send you, click continue, enter info on the next box)When you are done, your phone is activated BUT will do nothing useful until you reboot (took me forever to find out...)About the phone, I was using a prepaid blackberry plan and the T-mobile 4G makes a huge difference (I don't live in a big city, got one or two bars usually). When I drop on edge, it is like my old blackberry.It is extremely slippery, I just bought a protective skin to get a better grasp. I would not recommend to use it without protection as it will probably fall from your hands at some point. The touch screen is an interesting experience for a blackberry user. I am using it on the side to get a bigger keyboard. Overall, I would say for a new user like me, the screen reacts as expected 80-90% of the time (other time, you mispell, click the wrong link, etc)The number of apps is amazing and a decent number can probably be downloaded on the device without a memory card. I just ordered a memory card but it is because I am planning to use it as an mp3 player and store music on it (sound quality sounds good to me).I had no memory left after getting facebook and google map on my blackberry so I could not use it to do a lot of things. I am just scratching the surface but I believe I will have a much better experience and flexibility with this device.Battery life does not look really high using the default settings. It is one day max for me just discovering what the device can do. It can probably be improved by tuning the settings or by downloading the good app. It is approximatively what I had with my blackberry (and I was using it less often).Overall a really good experience. It is cheaper and better than what I was paying for. I rate it 4 stars because I've no idea how durable the device is. I would go 4.5 stars if it was possible. If it lasts more than one year, what I save every month with this new plan will have paid for the phone and it will deserve much more than 5 stars.EDIT: apparently I cannot write links on the review... The first one would be the one you would get typing on google something like T-mobile + activation. The second one is the link written on the activation card (among the 3 ways to activate the phone).

As a budget phone costing less than 150 bucks, I would say it certainly meets my expectations, hardware-wise. The level of satisfaction on the software side, however, is less than awesome. The phone is preloaded with a bunch of bulky & useless T-mobile bloatwares, which present a huge burden to its miserably little RAM. It took me a while to root the phone and remove pretty much every single one of those bloatwares. Since then the phone has performed great.

These films fit great and last long if you take care of it.  No problems installing and having multiple is great when you get an annoying scratch, you can replace it.  I got one when I put the phone in my pocket with my keys.  I think that happens with any film, and that's why you get the films - so you don't get a permanent scratch.

Does everything I need it to do and more,the volume could be louder great phone other wise buy one now ok

Some times I have to tap several times for the keyboard to appear in order to text. Otherwise than that i like it a lot.  Very easy to use.

I got this phone knowing from reading the reviews that it was not that great, but at least it was affordable. I've had it for a few months now and can say that for the most part it is fine. I'm basically going to rehash what everyone else has said, but here it goes:- Slow: Surfing the web, switching apps, swiping from screen to screen can be very slow.- Battery Life: With just moderate use the battery still runs down in less than a day.- Camera: actually not that bad, even if the resolution is low and don't even think of using it in dim lighting.- Bloatware: yeah, it's annoying, and you can't get rid of it!- Random Reboots: super annoying, and happens at least once a week. I've had lockups too.Even with all that I'm not sorry I got this phone. I'm on the super cheap $30 Walmart plan. I can surf the web, watch Netflix at lunch, listen to Pandora on the commute, and generally stay connected, all without breaking the bank. Not a bad phone. Not that great ether, but not bad.

Let me start this review my saying that I came from an old iPhone 3GS. While I enjoy the hardware and software quality of my Apple product, I did not at all enjoy the long-term expensive contract that came with it. I'm usually around areas with WiFi, so paying each month for a required data package didn't make much sense to me. I wanted a phone and carrier plan that met my needs, not the other way around.When my two-year contract expired I began researching various phones and carrier plans. I wanted a smartphone (Apple spoiled me there), but it didn't have to have all the bells and whistles. I mostly wanted something that could play music while on road trips and allow me to reliably call and text my buddies. The Exhibit II was the phone that seemed to meet all my needs.After owning the phone for a month I can say that it does a fairly decent job at meeting my needs. However, there are a number of flaws in the phone that make using it quirky and often irritating. Below are my general pro/con thoughts on the phone.Pros:The screen is noticeably brighter and of higher quality than my old iPhone. Everything looks crisp and detailed.The Exhibit II is a good bit lighter and less bulky than my iPhone. It feels much more at home in my pocket.I save $40 a month in comparison to my old AT&T; bill. The phone will pay for itself in just five months.Flaws:The touchscreen is flat out not as responsive as my iPhone 3GS. I often have to touch or drag multiple times in order to get input to be registered. I get the impression that it is less a flaw of the touchscreen than the processor in the phone trying to keep up with my actions, for it feels somewhat laggy. With a 1GHz Snapdragon, however, I didn't expect such sluggishness.There is something wrong with the volume control when I attempt to make calls. If I toggle the volume up, nothing will happen. I discovered, with some experimentation, that I first have to press the volume control down before I can press it up to make it louder. This is very counter-intuitive and, frankly, annoying.There is a loud pop though the earpiece a few seconds after I press 'Send' to make a call. I have to hold the phone away from my ear to save my eardrums some pain.This phone has a good bit of bloatware installed. I thought Apple exercised tight control over their users, but I can't even delete the useless junk on my Exhibit II!3D games don't run all that well. Even simpler games such as Temple Run exhibit enough lag to stymie your gameplay experience.There is a significant delay between when I press the button to take a photograph and when that photograph is actually taken. The delay can be anywhere between one and four seconds. This is a major issue if you are tying to take a photograph in a pinch. More often than not you will miss that special moment.This isn't really a flaw in the phone itself, but I don't get very good service where I live. The TMobile map showed that I was in a lighter green, but I get more dropped calls and interference than what I did with AT&T.;The Samsung Exhibit II runs an older version of the Andriod OS (Gingerbread), and it doesn't look like TMobile has plans to update the phone to Ice Cream Sandwich.The TMoible MyAccount Software will not work unless 'Use Packet Data' is enabled under 'Settings -> Wireless and network -> Mobile networks.' I generally keep Packet Data off so that I do not accidentally use data while out and about. It is annoying that I first must enable this to see how I am doing in terms of my minutes and text messages.Text messages occasionally fail to send. I sometimes have to attempt the send multiple times before it will go through.Other thoughts:This is just personal opinion, but Andriod feels much less polished than iOS. With my iPhone I never worried about restarting my device to keep it running well. My Exhibit II, on the other hand, reminds me every week or two that it is time to reboot the phone so that it can continue operating properly.Malware seems to be fairly rampant on the Andriod platform. I cringe at the thought of Malware getting on a heavy communication device such as my phone.Setting up my phone wasn't as smooth as I would like it to have been. I attempted to perform the setup through the TMobile web portal, but I continually got a message partway through stating that my account was 'processing' and that I should wait. After a couple days of waiting I called TMobile and painlessly set up my account through one of their agents.Conclusion:This is a decent phone if all you are looking to do is make a few calls, play music, and perhaps do minimal web browsing. If you are a heavy cell phone user and are looking for a phone that will play the latest games, text, run the latest software, and do heavy multimedia, then I recommend looking elsewhere.

It stops working after 18 months.Good engineering work Samsung, the timing is just right for a new upgrade.I was warned about Samsung quality.

This cellphone is great , i can do everything i expect with this cellphone like chat , video chat ,game, watching TV program and many many more app, I am really satisfied with it , the only negative thing is , it is going hot more than normal after 5 to 10 min usage but it doesn't matter for me

This is my first smart phone, still a dumb operator. I am learning and will be OK after a while.

My Samsung Exhibit 4G shuts off for some unknown reason. Even i Master reset the device and do not install any apps.i have to keep it connect to charger even if it has been full charged. WHAT'S WORSE, ONLY ONE MONTH AFTER THE warranty expired!it is not sleep mode.i charged and started the mobile. suddenly it shut down again and tried to auto restart. After the logo appeared, it shut down forever unless i keep it connect with charger(80% battery remain when i connect the charger and start the phone).i found others met this while they have not fix it[...]i talked with samsung and tmobile agent,nothing hhappened.Gave it up? 200 dollars!

Like so many other reviewers, I bought this specifically for the Wal-Mart $30 plan that gives you 100 Minutes, but 5GB of 4G data and unlimited txts. Specifically, I bought this cheaper phone as a test bed to see if I *could* get the $30 plan, if 4G works well in my area and how easily I can run VOIP solutions to overcome the 100 minute limitation. If all works out, I will then buy the nicer Galaxy S2, which I already have on Sprint and sell this one. I will then port my old number via Google Voice to have my original cell number, which I've had for several years on this phone. I will probably not port the number directly to T-Mobile just to avoid headaches.Anyhow, I chose to purchase this off Amazon for the lack of sales tax, Prime shipping and easy return policy (if needed).I've had the phone for a few hours and, being Android-savvy, can declare that it's a very nice, basic Android phone. My current S2 still runs Gingerbread 2.3.5 and I refuse to go up to 3.0 or 4.0. Seeing as how the Exhibit still has 2.3.5, this works well for me.My biggest question was whether I was going to be able to get the $30 Wal-Mart plan at all. Other reviewers said it was pretty easy (don't call in to cust support, do everything online), so I bought the phone. During activation, which you should do in front of your computer, you will be presented with all the T-Mobile prepaid plans, including the $30 Wal-Mart special. As long as this is a NEW activation, that plan will present itself. It did for me, I signed up for it, paid the $30 and off I went. I have a new number, which I quite like actually, but that will be a moot point later on down the road.I am now working on the $30 plan with zero issues. 4G is indeed in my area and is working inside my house. It is very fast and a world of difference over Sprint 3G. Yes, Sprint has 4G, but not for 75 miles from my house.Anyhow, the Exhibit is simply a smaller version of the Galaxy S2, as far as I'm concerned. The screen is smaller, the phone is slightly slower in all aspects, but it's still a great phone. If you are not a power user, the Exhibit is all you need. It is very much simply the Galaxy's little brother.I will perform several additions/edits to this review over the next couple of days. There hasn't been a good, detailed, more-than-two-sentence review on this phone since mid-2012, so I wanted to interject a detailed, recent review here in 2013.In summary, if you want a functional, solid Android phone and you want the 5GB of 4G data and you want it for a measly $30, then this is the one to get. No questions asked. If you want a more powerful phone, get the Galaxy S2. THAT phone doesn't currently appear to be available on Amazon, but it is still available.

After I bought it I don't like that much. Sometimes I touch the screen and doesn't work.  It's just ok

They upgraded the phone without asking.  A very nice gesture and shows concern for the customer.  I highly recommend this outstanding company for their integrety and service.

This phone was great at first and the it started to have a mind of its on so now im going to buy me another phone because this was a piece of crap

I bought this phone with a tmobile contract and ended up regretting & returning it before my 15 day buyers remorse period ended.Had the phone for 6 day......put simple apps in like angry birds, accuweather, yahoo mail, gas buddy & myxer.Angry birds after two days would not load i would either get a black screen or it would go back to the home screen.....tried unistalling and installing back into the phone serveral times with the same result.If i attempted to send a text msg more than 3 sentences long i would get message failed error code......and it would take about 10-20 attempts before it would finally go through......called tmobile 3x and they said it was not an issue with coverage it was an issue with the phone.Also i have made calls and people have hung up on me because they could not hear me.I took the first phone back to tmobile thinking maybe i just got a lemon since the phone has good reviews......by the 2cnd day the new phone i exchanged it for started the same issues......returned it that day for full refund and opted out of contract.This may be a good phone for someone on tmobile prepaid but i would NEVER be locked into a 2yr contract with this piece of garbage.  Honestly i would not even buy it and use it on tmobile prepaid i had such a bad experience.I never write phone reviews but i would not want anyone to get stuck like i did.I previously had a lg optimus v on virgin mobiles plan and that phone worked better than this phone ever did.....so i returned to my lg optimus v until i can find a nicer android that wont give me a headache.Thanks for reading.

I like that it has extra programs I didn't have on another phone. I don't like how it acts on it's own like reprogramming stuff you click off and its back on through your settings. like brightness it adjusts your brightness where it wants you to be and it makes it harder to see what your doing in the sun. Overall I like the phone or love Samsung period. As far as it being t- mobile it's ok so far of what I've been experiencing.

Phone was working good, it has all features that my cousin was looking for. Cost was affordable but battery dead in less than 1 yr and phone dead in less than 2 yrs. I cannot recommend this phone.3 Star is for its looks, initial working nature, performance.

This smartphone worked  fine at first - charged fast and the 4G network quality was acceptable. I noticed that the phone reached its discharge battery level relatively quickly, up to 2 days which decreased steadily to 8hrs. This is not acceptable for my needs. The Android OS that came with the phone was up to my expectations with some features hard to use and hard to find but nevertheless helpful (for myself for some I believe). The response or speed was also fine (at 1GHz system clock for the application processor). Display was also fine (resolution/colors). Touch was sluggish. The worst thing was that the phone went simply DEAD after one week of light use!!! I'd expect more that one week, and this experience was simply not worth it. Sorry folks but this is a part of my story. I could not charge the phone, could not power it up could do nothing against it. Looks like the dynamic memory (RAM) lost its configuration and the system could not recover from this fault ever again - the last message from this phone: &#34;ramdump while uploading&#34;. Does this mean that the final product test at Samsung does not detect major issues at the factory which remain hidden until the product is tested in the field with the real customers?

This is a great phone.  I ordered this for my wife and have only had a few issues - some of these might be with tmobile: first she is only able to "reliably" send and received texts in GMA mode - which keeps her on the 2G network.  This was T-Mobiles solution when we were having issues sending and receiving texts:(  She has also had issues with the GPS signal when she is using the phone for Navigation.Battery is excellent - she can have the kids playing games on it for an hour and she still has battery left.  I have a dual core phone that I am always charging - she charges her's once a day with power to spare.I would buy this phone again and would recommend it to a friend.

I really like this phone - the video recording straight to a 32GB SD card is brilliant.  Very clear and nice quality. Also, low volume audio recording works really well and so does the voice to text feature for anytime you are tired of typing - which is becoming more and more frequently for me.  Nice phone over all but you have to learn it and customize it for it to be useful and not frustrating.  There will be no battery life without Juice Defender.  That is certain.  If you want to use it as is and not tinker with it, just try not to put too many apps on it and it will be fine with the Juice Defender running in the background on agressice setting.  If you want to really work it, here are some must have addons - no I don't get a commission, just think for the super low price of this phone, it doesn't take much to really get it going:Twin battery set with plug in charger available on Amazon.Anker 2 x 1500mAh Li-ion Batteries for Samsung Exhibit 4G T759, Gravity Smart SGH-T589, Focus Flash SGH-I677, Conquer 4G SPH-D600 + Free Anker Multi-purpose USB Travel ChargerRubber case - keeps it from falling to pieces every time it tskes a little small and makes it easier to hold and work with.BLACK PREMIUM RUBBER SOFT GEL Phone Cover Sleeve Silicone SKIN Protector Case for T-MOBILE SAMSUNG T679 EXHIBIT 2 II 4G / ANCORA32GB miniSD:SanDisk microSDHC 32GB Flash Memory Card (Retail Packaging) SDSDQM-032G-B35,Blackand screen protector:GTMax Clear LCD Screen Protector Flim Guard for T-Mobile Samsung Exhibit II 4G SGH-T679 CellPhoneMust Have Apps:Juice Defender - set on agressive at all times - works better with RebelRomAndroid AssistantVery Cool Apps:Hi-Q Mp3 Rec lite - to record audio in mp3Dolphin browserCamScannerpremium fun addon:bluetooth receiver from BlueBridge - look it up, it's cool but not as cheap as I would like....When you have got the hang of it and have a few hours to work with it and can deal with no more warranty:Do like every other happy Android user does and - Root it, add CWM recoveryAfter that you add RebelRom and this phone can really go to town.From then on, make consistent nandroid backups with CWM.Once all that is done, this phone has great battery life, is very fast on WiFi and 4G, also works great with 2GB  data and unlimited min/text on t-Mobile - never went over 1GB in a month yet because of wifi. Enjoy it.

I had this phone for 2 months now. This phone is alright, Nothing special really...but I like it still... I have rooted my phone. Android is no where near the Iphone4, it lags when I play regular gaming not heavy duty games. I got the t-mobile plan $30. Lots of static & phone volume is a bit soft. I have had the Iphone4 before and now I have tryed this samsung exhibit 2 4g. Comparing the two... I would pick the Iphone4, But this android has cool business apps. It all depends on what your doing with your phone, $200 for the phone. Just be careful when u root you might encounter problems as for me I have had error text messages, it would not send or receive but there are ways around it so you can send & receive (download different text apps) be prepared for the worst!

Buying a new phone is a hassle. Especially when you are just arrived in a new country and you don't know anything about the networks etc. After a good deal of reading, I settled on this Samsung Exhibit II on T-mobile. The phone specs looked very respectable for the price point. I wanted PAYG so I wasn't tied into a contract that would last longer then my stay in the US.When the phone arrived, it was very easy to set up. The instructions are very clear. I had it registered and activated on the network even before the battery finished charging. Within a day I had received an over the air update of the Android operating system to Gingerbread. It would be nice to get Ice Cream Sandwich or Jellybean on this handset, but for the price point that is probably wishful thinking.Still it is a good phone. 4G speeds are very good. T-mobile did stick a lot of bloatware on it, that can only be removed by rooting which is a shame, but an easy process if you want to do it.

I love the phone, BUT...it often freezes to the point I am missing texts and calls.  My Father is sick right now, and I need open communication at all times.  During the night last night, the phone decided to freezed up, and I missed five phone calls and about 20 texts...my Dad was trying to get a hold of me.I am looking into a way to return it and get something else.So upset.

Download the GrooveIp for internet calls; not bad; does not use your minutes. Have the phone for over a month... my hubby loves it, it was a gift for him. Internet TV works great with no interruptions.  Now he can enjoy watching his overseas soccer games while I shop. Life is good!

I purchased the Samsung Exhibit II 4G Android Smartphone from Walmart (along with a $30 prepaid T-Mobile card) a few days ago. I went online and activated the phone with no problems. However, because I purchased a "Speed" refill card (blue) as opposed to the regular (pink) refill card, I had difficulty adding the plan (unlimited text/web + 100 minutes) to my account. So after repeated failures I was forced to call customer service for assistance. The representative was very nice and helpful and assured me that the plan had been added and the minutes credited as desired. He was right; I received a text message the next morning confirming my purchase.With that being said, this is the best smartphone and voice/data plan on the market. I've been wanting for a smartphone for awhile (particularly the IPhone) but was unable to buy one due to the fact that the data plans are so overpriced and thus too high for my budget. Hence, I've been stuck using a "dumb" phone for years. But when I came across this deal, I thought it was too good to be true. So I did a lot of research and read countless reviews and learned that this deal was indeed as good as it promises. I CONCUR!!!If you want a Smartphone (that does just about everything the IPhone does) but cannot afford the enormous data plan fees the other service providers charges...then this is the phone/plan for you. It is unbelievable!! This phone is easy to use, has a fast processor and internet speed, and is loaded with multiple applications and customizable options. The touchscreen is an added bonus and navigates easily and efficiently. In short, it does almost anything you want it to do (except bring you a glass of water).I highly recommend this phone and T-Mobile's prepaid voice and data plan. It's very affordable and the best part is the fact that it does not require an annual contract. What more could you ask for? Again, it's still almost too good to be true. You better run out and get one before T-Mobile realizes what a bargain this is and inadvertently change their minds....I'M SO SERIOUS!!!! It is sooooooo worth it!!!!I am one happy camper right now. I FINALLY HAVE A SMARTPHONE with DATA ACCESS!!! Yay Me!!

Didn't come with an activation code- I have bought tow of these in the past and did not have trouble getting them activated! Don't know why this didn't come with a code.The T-mobile website lists a good plan, but the 'help' guy on the activation line says I can't get it. says it is only available through Walmart. But the Walmart plan is only for iPhone. So, I am trying to figure out how to use this phone!

Even as a starter smart phone, stay clear of this model. The Menu/Home/Back buttons become unresponsive in short order as will the screen itself. It locks up far too often to be worth the trouble and so on... Nothing good to be said about this phone. Don't buy at any price! It was a complete waste of $185.00 and should be  $50.00 throw away phone at best.

Beside the internet on it being slow and stalling at times this phone doesn't play nice with most cables and chargers.After purchasing this phone at Target I discovered something strange. The USB cable that it arrived with would charge the phone from my laptop but not one of my USB wall chargers. I thought, "ok, I guess I can live with that". Afterall I still had the regular wall charger it came with. But then I discovered it wouldn't charge in my car's USB lighter charger UNLESS I used a different cable (not the one it came with). Then it wouldn't charge using another regular wall charger I had at my studio. Mind you all these cables and chargers WORK PERFECT with other phones, including my girlfriend's Galaxy SIII which is much larger and you would think more of a power hog. I've used these cables on at least 3 other phones without the problem. Then I discovered not only is it the USB CABLE or the USB CHARGER you use but it has to be the RIGHT COMBINATION. I thought "Really???"This is what I did last to test it. I plugged in my Exhibit II to my laptop using the OEM USB cable that it arrived  and the phone charged just fine. I then took that SAME cable and plugged the phone into a USB wall charger but the phone wouldn't charge. I then took a DIFFERENT cable and plugged the phone into the SAME wall charger and it worked. Honestly, what is that all about???I then found out that this is a KNOWN ISSUE and many other people are having the same problem if you search enough. Those that don't probably only use the charger that came with the phone. In conclusion, I have tested this phone with 4 different cables and 4 different wall chargers and 2 car chargers and it has only worked about 50% of the time with any combination of the above.If you are only going to use it with the wall charger it came with then you might be ok. I also read that the cheap Walgreens multi-colored car adapters work but haven't tried it myself. But mind you, my two car chargers are designed to put out more amps because they are made for iPads and still the phone had issues unless I used the right cables. I am about 50/50 on returning it because IT IS inexpensive and I already bought a case for it. But, if I knew then what I know now, I would have searched for a different phone.

it last like a minute to enter every application and with maps sometimes takes like 3-4 minutes. It does't work for emergencies

i had it for 15days and just returned it this morningi dont recomment u to buy itmy phone just goes freeze when i installed new apps >"&lt;it responds so slow, and drive me crazyit come w a bad battery, i need to charge it everyday even though i didnt go online or play any gamestotally so wronggg

HI I HAVE A QUESTIONN!!! IM FROM VENEZUELA AND I LIKE THIS PHONE BUT I NEEDMovistar: GSM 850 - Frecuencia 3G UMTS/HSDPA: 1900 Mhz* Movilnet: GSM 850 - Frecuencia 3G UMTS/HSDPA: 1900 Mhz (y 2100Mhz, sin uso* Digitel: GSM 900 - Frecuencia 3G UMTS/HSDPA: 900 Mhz - (y 1700Mhz, sin uso)Bands 3G:* HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100 (Movistar y Movilnet)* HSDPA 900 / 1700 / 2100 (Digitel GSM)

Yes, it meet my expectation and the phone is what i needed. I didn't get my order the first time but with the help from customer service, i was able to get the phone.

I was able to convince my bosses to finally get me E-mail and web access from the road so that required a 21st century cell phone.  Well, I did that by going over the company T-Mobile bill and getting us on to a plan that had the lowest prices (and unlimited calls and text) by eliminating contracts and phone upgrades, saving us well over $200 a month (made me look like a hero).  The backdoor around the phone upgrades is to buy a no-contract phone and stick your SIM card into it.  Yes, the selection when it comes to smartphones is more limited, but the Exhibit II phone offers 90% of the features of the Galaxy for way less money (Galaxy II with no contract is $600).  You can get the Exhibit locally at Wal-Mart for $199 (plus sales tax), but they absolutely fly off the shelves, and of course the Big "A" would be a sure thing and save the tax (for now until the US govt ends that loophole).  They got me 200 megs of data for $10 a month, which I know is not much, but with the Wi-Fi ability and using common sense it will not be a problem.  Believe me, I feel like a new man having access to web on the road when I need it.  The other phone commonly seen in prepaid Android is the Samsung Dart, with no front camera, puny screen, and no Gingerbread software for about $128.  I would say this phone is far superior to that older model.I have had one or two "lockups" with the phone and yesterday while passing Newark Airport (known dead zone for T mob) it just shut off completely.  Battery life with moderate use will get you down to 50% by the end of the day.  The Wi-Fi calling is seamless and it works well when I am in my house.  I am having a blast with apps, have not paid for one yet, eventually will get some more.Make sure you order some accessories from Amazon with your phone such as screen protectors, a HARD phone case, and a car charger.  These items are difficult to find locally and when you do, they are expensive (hard case was $15 at the local foreign-run cell phone store and they wanted $10 for ONE screen protector).  You can get a hard case, charger, and five screen protectors for under $15 on here.

I purchased this phone because of it's ability to tether my computer via Wifi Hotpot. I signed up for the $60 per month-to-month-unlimited plan with the first 2GB of 4G. Long story short you can't tether. I was even told by 2 customer service reps multiple times that it was included in my plan but they never managed to get it to working properly. Meaning every time I would turn on the hotspot I would navigate with my computer to google.com and it would redirect me to t-mobile.com.I am returning the phone under the 14 days buyer remorse and I canceled my account with T-Mobile (when I asked for a refund they hung up on me) apparently they don't give refunds for unused pay-as-you-go funds. I am writing this review so you don't loose $60 either...***** DONT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU WANT TO USE THE WIFI HOTSPOT  IT DOESN'T WORK AND T-MOBILE WON'T REFUND YOUR MONEY ******

not as good as expected, phone do not look as new, they appear to be refurbished but not realy sure

The phone is not unlocked.. It's locked to T-mobile. It's been a month I have been using it.. It's a mini version of S2, it's obvious that there would be less features than S2 but the look and feel is the same. 3 MP camera may not be sufficient all the times if you are used to 8 MP or so.. it has autofocus which is good. It's T-mobile branded so it has logo on the body of the phone and start up screen along with T-mobile built apps.

i had to go in for this phone cos i needed a smart and handy one. it works great but the only problem i have wit it is the battery life. it runs out of power so quickly, and after using it for a while it doesn't charge when u connect it to any of the charger (usb cable,car n normal)

Doesnt have all the bells and whistles some of the newer smartphones have but so far this phone has worked well. It has good internal memory and works well. I havent had any issues. All my apps have worked great. For the price its a good smartphone.

I have had this phone for a week now and I have experienced only a couple of issues with the phone.1. It starts Vibrating continuously for no reason and the only way to stop the vibration is to switch off the phone.2. At first the 'You got mail' icon at the top of the screen used to disappear as soon as I opened my gmail. But now it is taking a while to disappear.

WARNING! WARNING! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. EVER.1) Freezes frequently2) Takes forever to open anything3) Recently, less than a year of using the phone it requires frequent reboots just to be able to use it. Sometimes more than one reboot in a day is required.4) I can't connect to anything with this phone using bluetooth. I had a Nokia X-2 before this (Blackberry type) and was even able to access the internet with my iPad using the bluetooth feed that supplied the internet connection. Not so with this phone, and I can't seem to connect to any devices using bluetooth. I don't know why it has it if it doesn't work. I suppose so they can advertise it has blue tooth although for all intents and purposes, it does not.5) Sluggish response with touchscreen.There are some issues I'm not sure if it's T-Mobile or the phone. So after that disclaimer:1) There is one conference call number I call that I can never listen to all the way through without it cutting me off2) Garbled callsI know it's a lower-level, more affordable phone. But Samsung should have put more oomph in it as this has me turned off of Samsung cell phones. Their other phones may be better, but their track record is not good with me.

First thing, I love this phone!!! The shipping did not take long about 5 days to arrive from the order date. This phone is incredible. The speed and clarity of the phone is simply amazing. I believe I got the best deal possible for my phone. The only downfall, I had to pay to unlock the phone so that it would accept i-wireless prepaid since it only for T-Mobile prepaid phones (not a huge deal to me, cost me 25 dollars to unlock). This Samsung is the best phone that I have had in years.

Drains battery faster on Wifi than anticipated! To conserve battery, if not in use, you need to turn off wifi option. Nice display, speaker, and speed!!

*** UPDATE ***T-Mobile updated the firmware on this phone to Android 2.3.6. The difference is huge! My review below reflects on my experience using Android 2.3.5. Most of the issues have been resolved. While the phone still lacks memory, it manages it much better now. Instead of running out of memory and crashing all the time, the phone will now close unused applications before that happens. It also feels much snappier overall. For some reason though, the phone had somewhat better reception using the old firmware, taking off a star.*** END UPDATE ***The Samsung Exhibit II 4G could be a real game changer for prepaid phones.  Unlike almost every prepaid phone out there, it has a high resolution 480x800 screen, runs Android 2.3.5 and has a fast 1GHz processor.  Alas, Samsung did not want this phone to become a viable alternative to its far more expensive Galaxy S line and equipped this phone with not enough memory to truly give you all the benefits of a smart phone.First off, there are many things to like.  The screen is bright with vibrant colors and crisp text thanks to its higher resolution.  The included 3MP camera makes great pictures, comparable to regular 3MP cameras back when they were popular.  I especially like that the phone does not compress the pictures too much like many other phones, leaving the pictures largely free of visible artifacts.  I had a 5MP Nokia with Zeiss optics, but the pictures on this 3MP phone look WAY better.  The reception is also excellent, even in difficult locations, such as on the Staten Island Ferry.  This phone does not lose signal for the duration of the trip, unlike some other phones.  Don't expect good data connection though when the signal is poor.  Finally, you can use this phone with any T-Mobile sim card.  T-Mobile offers discounted plans if you don't require a subsidized phone.  This prepaid version costs much less than MSRP but will still work with your existing T-Mobile sim card.Sadly, the phone also has some major drawbacks, the biggest one being a lack of RAM.  The phone advertises 512MB of RAM, but only 356MB are accessible.  Preloaded and system apps take up the bulk of available memory, leaving you with about 100MB of available RAM, give or take,  at any given time.  If you like apps, that's not enough.  Many apps, including the most popular ones like words with friends, install services that run in the background.  They can use easily 6-40MB each.  Download 4 Zynga games and you are out of RAM.  Once the phone runs out of RAM, it slows down and crashes.  Forget multi-tasking.  The app widget which lets you close applications and free RAM will become your best friend.You could root this phone and remove some useless T-Mobile apps to free up some RAM but that would void your warranty and probably not help a whole lot.  If the phone had 1GB of RAM, it would have been perfect.Overall, this can be a great phone if you want a smart phone but do not plan on installing many apps. If you want a phone that can truly take advantage of a high resolution screen and a snappy processor, this one is not it.

The Samsung Exhibit II 4G phone I purchased from Amazon is great.  I've had it for just over a month.  It's my first smartphone and my first Android OS, but I'm liking almost everything about it.  Great call quality and connectivity (important to me!), fast, good battery life, fairly intuitive to use (with modest learning curve). Can do free video calls using Skype when I'm in a wi-fi hotspot, and the call/video quality is good. The camera doesn't take great pics, but it's not an important feature for me. I had to download a couple of apps (keyboard and messaging) to overcome a couple of minor defects in the OS, but it was painless and free. I would recommend this phone to new smartphone users. But don't expect it to do everything! It's under $200!  :-)

Phone is fine. It came with a dead battery.  When I called to have battery replaced they said they would send me a return box. never received it, I had to go out and buy my own battery. i will never use this service again. Horrible customer service.some foreign guy that did nothing....

For 4G, it's pretty good. It's a budget smartphone and has a few issues here and there, but it's better than the Optimus T, lol. Definitely a good buy for 200 or so dollars, and a bargain in comparison to the other phones of its kind.

Absolutely best choice for t-mobile prepaid, I have to say this.Fast and reliable 4G connectivity with light and shiny body.

. The touch screen did not work and we have and to return the phone. I might be willing to try another phone. It was supposed to be new.

To start off lets give some background. I have been a T-Mobile user for about 3-4 years now and was using the Samsung Gravity 2. I have an iPod Touch, which I used for all my "smartphone" needs (email, facebook, etch...). Though my phone worked fine, I decided it was time for an upgrade. I wanted a smartphone but due to the fact that I would need a expensive data plan and two year contract, I never took the plunge. After some internet research however, I found out that you can use smart phones without a data plan. I purchased this phone, turned data off on my account, and am now happily using my Exhibit without the extra data charge, and without renewing my contract. Some might think that not having data would kill the point of the smart phone, but since I have wifi at work, school, and at home, it works out fine. Now on to the hardware.This phone is amazing quality for $180. Not only does it have high resolution touch screen, it has a front facing camera, 3MP auto focus back camera, great battery life, and a perfect form factor. Since you can see the specs up in the descriptions, let me talk about the operating system.As a first time Android user coming from iOS, I was super excited for the customization features of the Android system, as iOS lacks in that area. I can happily tell you that Android is the most customizable operating system I have ever tried. You can litterally make it look like any phone or OS you want. It is functional, the app selection is superb, and the options on it are extensive (from custom keyboards, interfaces, icons, etch). This phone comes with the Samsung interface called touchwiz, which makes some of the basic functions a little easier.Now while this phone is great, there are its drawbacks. T-Mobile puts a lot of junk apps on it that cannot be removed unless you root (sort of like jailbreaking an iPhone). This was a great annoyance and so I rooted and installed a custom rom called Peach Sunrise. For those who don't know, a rom is basically the operating system of the phone. There are many of them and can add lots of cool features to your phone (though it does void your warranty). Peach Sunrise is identical to the default phone rom but is streamlined to be fast, and doesn't have any of the annoying T-Mobile pre-installed apps (Lookout Anti-virus and Slacker radio are two notable ones). After flashing this rom my phone has been wonderful to use. Its faster and more powerful, like the phone should have been from the first. I highly recommend it to anyone.Overall this is a great phone and well worth the $180.Overall this phone is great! I would definitely recommend it.

It's an OK phone as long as you don't ask too much of it.  The processor is just too slow for anything more than basic functions.  If you try to use it for anything other than just phone calls be prepared for freezing, long waits while an app or page loads, etc.  I have to re-start mine frequently and often cannot make a call while the phone tries to figure out how to bring up the dialer.  More than once I have given up waiting for the dialer to load and went searching for another phone, found one, made and completed the call before the dialer appeared.  Granted that does happen everytime but it happens far too often.  In short I really CANNOT recommend this phone.  Look elsewhere.

This phone may seem fine for the first month or two but then it is terrible!! When I first bought it I loved it. Now I hate it. It is the slowest phone I have ever had. The screen freezes up, when you open your camera it freezes up, when you get off twitter or instagram it freezes up, when you get off the internet it freezes up...you get the point!! The front camera sucks. Don't even get me started on the swype feature. It freezes up when I use that too. And for some dumb reason every time i hit the letter "P" it will not type anything else and it freezes and i have to close my message out and restart it. With the swype it types words that arent even in my dictionary! And recently it turns off by itself. 4G?! Forget about it! This thing is slow!! When I try to use the navigation the map is upside down. The camera has NO ZOOM!! and it takes forever to focus. Don't even think about turning the flash on or that's another 5 seconds it'll delay. When you get a text message and you try to view it, it will literally take at least 7 seconds to open it up. And if you want to use widgets on your home screen they don't work. All they say is "Error cannot load." I have to restart it at least 5 times a day. I am not kidding!! If I could give it zero stars i would. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!

I got this phone last year for my 17 y/o son for christmas.. He loves it he still has it and it has giving him no problem.

Bought mine over a year ago. Best bang for the buck. Great specs. Has performed admirably.Carrier unlocked; now using it on Net10 BYOD At&t; $45 monthly with full 4G speed. (Tmobile didn't have coverage outside of the city.)Rooted the phone and updated the ROM to Peach Sunrise 3.01, added DroidWall (firewall) and SetDNS (Google dns) to enhance overall performance.Netflix works great. Flash works great. Stock browser is very fast and smooth. Screen is bright and vivid. GPS works great. Love the camera.Battery life is fantastic, 3d 18h 32m 57s with email push active. Much less if you install other apps that run in the background constantly updating such as facebook or weather, etc. Great talk time, but make sure to plug it in when using GPS in the car.DO NOT INSTALL TASK KILLERS! Remove, block or freeze is the only way to go.

I bought about a half year ago. Now it doesn't work properly. People called me, I don't get anything. Friends complained I didn't picked the phone. The phone showed nothing about the income calls, not even missing calls. It's too slow for the apps. I'm really NOT happy with it.

I bought this $30 a month prepaid 5 GB of data per month phone to use it as my Internet source (tethered) and my main phone by routing calls via data. Calls using the 100 included minutes are great, but Skype, the GrooveIP app and Google voice all gave mediocre results. But the reason I'm dumping this plan and selling the phone is because the 5 GB data plan CUTS OFF FOR NO APPARENT REASON, even in a METRO AREA with PLENTY of data left for the month. To make matters worse, T-Mobile deactivated the tether feature on this phone so they can suck another $15 a month from you (like the leeches they are) to reactivate it. My understanding is that the U.S. is the only country that does this. I'm sorry I wasted almost $200 on this phone, and $45 a month is way too much for unreliable service. Good riddance.

I needed to get a phone compatible with my car and bought this used from someone whose wife hated it.  I don't understand exactly why she thought this phone was bad.  I added a 16gb SD card so I could load a few thousand songs.  The phone's speed while using apps is decent.  The touch screen is responsive and both the brightness and resolution of the screen are very good.  I've only had one infrequent problem: on bootup sometimes it hangs and I have to retap the startup button to get the bootup to continue.  I have no idea why, but it's a minor issue.The sound quality with my mp3's is excellent.  It has run all my apps without fail.  It has frozen just three times over the last two months; I just take the battery out and start it up again.  It has worked flawlessly with my Toyota's bluetooth and USB connections.  All in all, I'm very pleased with my Exhibit II.  For the money, this is a very nice unit.

I had to return this phone 3 days after it was purchased because every-time I tried to make a call, the phone shuts itself and half of the messages were not sent. The apps work great but it is a very poor quality phone. I wouldn't waste my 200 on this phone again.

I chose one star because it said they would ship my product and it would arrive within 1-3 days... 6 days later they have sent it to the wrong post office, delayed it, and now I have no idea when it will get here.Incredibly disappointed in the service, timeliness, and helpfulness of this company and their products.I will not be buying thru them ever again.

This works as 4G only in US. It did not catch 3G signals in India due band limitation. Better spend some more bucks and get a phone that has more band options.

I agree with other reviewers saying that the phone can be pretty slow at times. I know you can root it and get those useless application deleted but I simply have no time (for I am college student...). Overall the product is good, very good indeed. I recommend buying a skin case for this phone. Consider this one: http://www.amazon.com/T-MOBILE-SAMSUNG-EXHIBIT-QUBITS-PACKAGING/dp/B005QUE8Y8/ref=pd_bxgy_cps_img_bDon't expect too much from a $200 phone, though. Worth its price, but do not expect it to be as good as a galaxy, or Iphone 4.

I could go into great detail about how frustrating this phone is to use but I will instead try to sum it up quickly:My wife called me last week. I was walking down a busy sidewalk at the time and I pulled out my phone to answer it. Neither the screen nor the buttons would respond to anything I did, so for about 45 seconds I continued to walk with the phone ringing full volume in my hand like some fool. Got some priceless looks. I finally had to pull the battery to get it to stop. Just another day with this phone.(Yes, I tried rooting this phone - it still stunk.)Avoid.

Never been so frustrated with a product thus far. This phone is small and nice to handle but also very slow and freezes wayyyy to often. I got this phone Thursday (a week ago) and i am returning it ASAP. I usually dont go through the hassle of returning items but this phone is a headache ! I would not recommend getting this phone. The price is not even worth it and its cheaper at bestbuy. Just no.

A great phone to start with took me forever to crack the screen. Isn't meant to have a lot of apps on it low RAM just a simple little phone like a mini Galaxy S.. not mini S2 at all. It slow down when too much is running and will eventually power off and restart if too much is running along with over heat. Know it sound bad but this isn't a &#34;high end&#34; phone.

I got this phone and was really pleased with the overall fit, finish, and feel. It was sleek and not overly flashy. The screen was bright and crystal clear. I did alot of research on T-mobile and coverage areas. On the map, I was covered, and 100% covered by 4G, so I was excited to try it out. I got the phone overnighted from amazon and got it all set up and nothing... No signal and the phone stayed in "Edge" data, but couldn't even get on the internet. I could make calls, but not recieve them. I called T-mobile and they said everything was fine, and made a test call, which came through. That was the only call that ever made it through... EVER! So, sadly, the phone went back, and I stayed with Sprint.

So this will never be a high-end device like a Galaxy S3 or an iPhone.But it's also hundreds of dollars cheaper. You only get Gingerbread (Android 2.3.6), 2GB of storage, and 512MB of RAM, but with the MicroSD slot you can add plenty more storage. It's common enough that aftermarket ROMs are available, so you can root it and add some new features if you so desire.The screen resolution is amazing given the small physical size; lots of phones with larger screens run the same resolution as this one. Colors are very vibrant, though like all AMOLED screens it's a pain to read in the sun.It doesn't have tons of processor power, but for the usual uses of smartphones (maps, web browsing, etc.) it has plenty. It's also surprisingly durable; I've abused mine pretty badly with no ill effects.Four stars for two reasons: one, no auto-brightness. Annoying, but you can long-press the status bar and slide your finger to change the brightness on the fly (phone has to be unlocked). Two, the wi-fi sometimes cuts out for 10-15 seconds every 30 minutes or so. Minorly annoying for normal use but drops VoIP calls. This has been an issue since the phone came out a year ago and still hasn't been fixed in the firmware. Besides those two minor annoyances it's an excellent low-mid range phone.As for T-Mobile, whether their service works for you or not is particular to where you live, work, and travel. All I'll mention here is that not having a contract is awesome (especially on the $30/100min/5GB plan) and that this phone does support T-Mobile's wifi calling (or VoIP, obviously) if you spend a fair amount of time in places with wifi but no cell signal.

After coming across T-Mobile / Walmart's $30 monthly plan, I started looking out for a phone that can connect on T-Mobile's 4G network. The two other candidates (Galaxy S II and the not-yet-available Galaxy Nexus) are all above $500, and I'm not sure I want to spend so much on a phone. Then I came across this one.It lacks some of the other features I'm interested in. I'd like to have a good camera, this one is about average. I'd like to play with NFC. And dual processors would be nice in some situations. And I'd like to have Gorilla Glass on the front. But I'm not prepared to pay full retail for a Galaxy S II. Contracts don't make sense in my situation when I take the total cost of ownership into account - I don't use the phone enough to justify the price.For the price, though, this is an amazingly good phone. The display is crisp, the UI is responsive. Voice is clear, and it gets better reception than my other phone (a clamshell feature phone). It's easy to root, which you'd need to do if you want to uninstall some of the bloatware T-Mobile put in there. It won't win any design awards, but it looks good. It has a 3.5mm headset jack, LED flash, takes microSD memory. The micro USB port is protected behind a sliding door.Activation was painless and can be done online. The SIM card and all other information is included, and if you don't have the box handy and don't want to remove the battery, you can get the IMEI by dialing "*#06#" - it'a also easier to read this way. There's $3.34 on the card, so you will need to add money if you want to activate the $30 Walmart plan. Getting T-Mobile to SIM unlock the phone, on the other hand, is painful. When I talked to a rep, she told me my account needs to be active for 60 days. I have another T-Mobile prepaid account that qualifies, but then she said that SIM needs to be in the phone for more than a day, and to call back later. This is despite me explaining I paid full retail for the phone.I've not tested the data network too much yet. I'm sure you can find reviews of T-Mobile's 4G network elsewhere. What little I've tried was quite fast and responsive, but then again, I had 4 bars of 4G signal at that time.Battery life was OK. I did not measure it before I uninstalled the bloatware, so I'm not able to state how much of a difference it made. My email client constantly checking for mail probably is not doing battery life wonders either. And I have it connected to wifi both at work and at home all the time.Added after 5 day road trip : you definitely want to pack a charger with you (or a micro USB cable). Even with limited use and battery saving options turned on, it would be practically depleted after 24 hours.Additional update on battery life : I rooted the phone and deleted, among other things, T-Mobile's My Account and changed my Hotmail app to sync only on demand (instead of Push). Battery life appears to have doubled because of that.The only thing that really irks me about this phone is the inability to connect it to my computer. I had to install Microsoft's MTP Porting Kit on Vista before it would connect, and I couldn't get it to connect to my Windows 7 laptop. Both run 64 bit Windows. Some web forum posts mentioned installing Samsung Kies for the drivers, I'm waiting to see if there's an alternative before doing it. You can use Kies Air to connect to the phone. Kies Air runs a HTTP server on the phone and allows you to connect from another computer's web browser (no software install required) over wi-fi to manage the phone, including file transfers.I had a hard time finding USB Mass Storage Class mode until J. Weng helped me out in the comments. Apparently, it is under "Wireless and Network" and is not a permanent setting, but needs to be activated every time you wish to connect.There are a number of errors in the manual. I think one part stated it had 16GB of internal storage. That is incorrect, there's only 4GB of internal storage. The organization of some other parts is confusing, and the section about storage is just one huge mess.It would also be nice to have the micro SD accessible without having to open the battery cover, but it is a small inconvenience.Finally, it would be nice if there are more accessories for this phone. It's still fairly new, but some choices of skin / case would be nice. I did find a very nice case though :T-MOBILE SAMSUNG T679 EXHIBIT II 4G SMOKE BLACK TPU GEL SKIN CASE, IN QUBITS RETAIL PACKAGINGOverall, I'm very happy with the purchase. I'd rate it 4.5 stars if that option is available.

It was ok at first. but we have had tons of problems with it. seems like once the 30 days were up, the phone started freezing up, or just not working. Most of the time it does not make calls. The text messaging wont even work. Got the phone in Dec 2013. Now April 2014 the phone is useless... and I highly doubt it was &#34;NEW&#34;. TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE !!!!!
