
The phone is in good conditions! very nice...but I have complaint it came with no handset, the product description said:"What's in the Box: handset, rechargeable battery, charger, USB cable, quick start guide "But there is not handset! so bad...ah I bought from wireless here in amazon.

This phone I bought is a gift to my uncle living in another country. Now he received the phone, but found that the battery was dead already without even any use.Actually, this is not the first time I write a comment for this product. At the time I received this phone about one month ago, I already gave some unpleasant comments, which mainly were: 1. dirty on the cable and on the film covered on the phone; 2. the battery was "run out" at the time I received it.Normally, the battery in a brand new product should NOT be run out!!! But I didn't pay enough attention to that and thought that the battery was just "run out", which was not a big deal. (I didn't try to charge the battery. Because I'm using the phone of the same model, I used my own battery instead of the "run out" one to switch on the phone.)The vendor called me after my comments posted last time. He was very nice and offered me to exchange the phone. Since I didn't know that the battery was dead, I was being nice too and saying that it was not necessary. Moreover, I was asked to change the comments and I did that because of the nice attitude of the vendor.Last thing to mention, my own Samsung galaxy S2 was a refurbished one bought from AT&T.; Even my refurbished one looked nicer than this one I bought here, at least mine was very clean, and more importantly the battery was good.

The cell phone is a great phone, but the Galaxy S2 from Tmobile has a much bigger screen than this one. I didn't know that until I saw my niece's phone... bummer!

I ordered it as a gift for my sister. I checked it a little once I'd received since I didn't want to open it before I took it home for her. When she started using it, we just realized the earphone wasn't capable with the phone (meant it had been changed with out notice) and even worse since one of the mic of the phone had broken, only the speaker works. Therefore they had to break it down to fix it. Such a terrible service! Never again to deal with this seller!

I've had the phone for about a month now without any problems. My service provider is Straight Talk, I put in the SIM card and had service within minutes. The product came with earphones, wall and car charger. Everything has functioned well to date. I have no complaints. I purchased phone cover for protection and a little jazz (ECO-FUSED Samsung Galaxy S2 GT-I9100 (International Version) and AT&T; SGH-I777 *BLING* Set / Two Rubberized Hard Shell *BLING* Cases (Black, Red) / One Black *BLING* Stylus Pen / One Red Stylus Pen - ECO-FUSED Microfiber Cleaning Cloth Included (Not Compatible With Sprint Epic 4G Touch D710, T989 and SGHI727 Skyrocket) from Amazon. Be aware when purchasing covers that the ATT phone is different to other Galaxy S2 phones, the camera at back of phone is square.I've been able to access facebook, yahoo mail, pandora any many other apps without the phone locking up, nor have I had any dropped calls. Battery life has been better than expected with moderate use. No complaints on this purchase. Fingers crossed, I won't have any in the future. Seller shipped on time and product arrived packaged well. I had no need to contact seller as product functioned as advertised. I have not used it internationally yet so cannot comment on that just yet. Stay tuned.

I bought is for a gift. Got to play with it for a short while and it performed great.  The screen was rich and took nice pictures.  I loved it.

Excelent product! The best on the market for me! It's make everything! The most faster and powerfull smartphone! 100% recomended!

First of all, I bought this phone because I trusted Amazon (now I stopped trusting Amazon). I bought this phone to Cell Lounge Inc. when I received the phone, the first thing I did was charge battery, after of that, I try to turn on the phone but it never turn on, screen remain black.It is not the first time this happens to me, I buy from Venezuela, I have bought 3 phones on Amazon (from differents supliers) and I have to say 2 of them has been defective (one of them was sold by Cell Lounge Inc. and another by Ross Cellular).It is very important that every body knows  that these suppliers are dedicate to defraud customers selling defective phones with the consent of Amazon.&#34;Modus Operandi&#34; suppliers knows (according shipping address) that phones will be shipped outside the United States Of America and because of that they send defective phones (offer no warranty).I make a call of attention to Amazon in order to interven and stop this kind of practice inescropulosa.

Excellent product .... It attaches well to the measures. Should buy it, hasvery good quality. It's the best product

Besides this phone was relased 1 year+ Ago, I have no complains at all. I am in Venezuela and this device works 3G in Movistar/Movilnet and 2G in Digitel.I received the phone locked, but I contacted the seller ABE-123 and they quickly reply. I had the unlock code the same day, with my new sim card, power on the phone, enter the code, and ready to go!With a standard-heavy use, the screen brightness set to 20%, updates on, wifi on, I got 18 hours until my S2 dies! The phone reception is good, the screen quality is superb (despite lowres 800x480 screen) the web pages, photos, videos, games, and everything looks really really nice.I have droped several times from 3 ft+ high my S2 and nothing ever happened, I just bought a TPU Dizotronic case that you barely notice is there. Construction +++!The dual core 1.2 GHz processor + 1 gig RAM manage all load you can give without a blink.Is lightweight and sleek, and the multitouch digitalizer is very responsive. I have written long mails without effort.Overall, the best price-value smartphone right now. Dont look any further!Update: I just updated to Ice Cream Sandwich 4.04 and the good became better! No complains at all!

The phone works perfectly and it does everything I need it to do. Just recently I had an accident with my phone . . . I accidently threw it into an industrial size garbage disposal in the dining hall at my college. Shockingly I was able to retrieve the phone back after I had thrown it in. But this is the amazing part . . . supposedly the phone was suppose to have gotten grinded up in the disposal but I got it back in ONE PIECE! It's almost as if the phone was indestructible, or maybe I just got lucky. . . but anyway I got the phone back in mint condition out of the grinder, but it had extensive water damage. BUT WAIT IT GETS BETTER . . . that night I had taken the battery, sims card, and memory card out of the phone and just sat the phone in rice over night. When I woke up in the morning and I had attempted to turn the phone on, and magically it had turned on and every feature on the phone was still working properly. I am still using my Galaxy S2 and I am NOT having any problems with it, even after it almost got grinded up and suffered extensive water damage it still works as if I just bought it. I would recommend this phone to anyone, it's amazing. I am very satisfied with my purchase.

Ordered this phone for a friend ..the phone came in exceptional condition!  Brand new, unlocked just as advertised.  It charged well the camera resolution is amazing ...the phone is very light, easy to operate in general user friendly!  One downside to the product is that the battery dies fast once the phone is being used excessively!  All in all gr8 product. I'm pleased....the phone came with car charger, regular charger, manual and it was in an original Samsung box.

After 1 month of using, we have black screen and can't work with the phone.  Do we have any insurance for that?

It described that the cellular one was completely brand new and sealed was not like that not the plastic on the screen and one does not see new, does not bring the headphones I am very discontented with this I do not recommend to buy of this seller. so i want my money back.i write to seller he said this. It does not originally come with Earphone. You can verify that with the list of package contents mentioned on the box itself.but see now what said in advertise in amazon: What's in the Box: handset, rechargeable battery, charger, USB cable, quick start guideyuy guys se clearly said HEADSET INCLUDED

good things:big 4.3 inch screen, AMOLED display.. that's itnot so good things:1. The phone does not have a Jelly bean update yet.2.Battery life is ok, and so you will find a lot of extra battery being sold in market . lolzzzzz3.There is a well know Camera issue- There is a huge buzzing noise when you switch on the back camera in autofocus mode or the Camcorder mode. This is a hardware issue and the only way around is to send it back for repair and hope to get a new replacement without the issue- 8 mp does not even match with 3.2 MP of other phones- phone heats up when using the camera, a litter tap or shake stops the humming noise , but that is a temporary fix.4. There is a single speaker and sound in the highest setting is still pretty low5. The only two button on the phone are power and volume rocker . no hardware button to wake the phone from sleep mode. no camera button. Samsung does not want you to use the 8 mp camera!6. The SD card is inside the phone and you need to remove the plastic back cover and the battery to remove it.

shortly after  i purchased this phone and went back to Jamaica with it, the charging port went bad. and when i do get it to charge and it got to 100%  the phone restarts and the battery life drops to 0% like i have never been so hurt ...i love the phone but darn.... can someone please get back to me cause i basically cant use it right now

I bought the S2 as a back up phone and one I can use locally when I travel on international trips

I bought the phone from SURGE TELECOM, 7 months ago. The phone came unlocked. It had been working well until I made a firmware upgrade from Android Gingerbread to ICS. After this upgrade the phone asked for  a Network Lock Control Key, which I didn't have. Unfortunately, SURGE TELECOM doesn't help me to find it. I call it bad customer support.In my opinion, the phone should remain unlocked even after a firmware upgrade. Before you buy any unlocked phone, ask for the code first...

The phone works pretty well. The battery life sucks but I am pleased with the purchase. I also looks like a used phone to.

Its the Phone which has the highest value for money compared with any phone. If you look at SIII its 800$ and HTC one X 700$and SII AT&T; being only 390$ but is nearly has 80% of performance of anything out there. The screen size just perfect. I thiink a display more than 4.5 is bit too big

Its not the providers fault. At&t messed up the soft for this phone, if you update it to Jellybean you exprience heat, inestability and wifi issues.

I liked the phone. It's my 1st samsung phone and i have a great opinion of the apps and everything, the only thing i would change is the battery. I have to charge it 3 times every day. No really what i was looking forward to.Also the box said it included: handset, rechargeable battery, charger, USB cable, quick start guide.I could say that i didn't get my handset.

My rating is based on the phone itself i.e. the Samsung Galaxy SII is a great phone and good value for the money. However, I wanted to point out a few things about this particular model. (Note: in the US, AT&T;, Sprint and T-Mobile all have different models of the SII. They are different in size and several other details. In fact, AT&T; alone has, over time, had 3 different models of the Samsung Galaxy SII built just for them).First of all, there are a number of vendors that offer this phone and model through Amazon. One of them is displayed as the default vendor at any given time, but you can choose others. I found that certain vendors (when asked) indicated that the phone came with a manufacturer's warranty and others said it did not. So choose your vendor carefully. In the end, I bought mine from Tablet Distributors. They cost $5 more than the cheapest vendor, but they had great customers service (i.e. call and speak to a helpful human being who finds the right answers to your questions) and they confirmed that the phone came with a one year manufacturers warranty as well as a 30 day refund period.Secondly, this phone does not work with Tmobile. If you try to use the phone with T-Mobile, it will NOT work on their 4G or 3G bands and you will only get 2G service. This is because T-mobile uses unusual bandwidths for its services (bandwidths are standardized in Europe and other parts of the world but not in the US). This phone does not work on the radio bandwidths used by T-mobile for its 3G and 4G bandwidths.Other than this, the phone is a great value especially at this price.

This product was offered as a: new, World version, unlocked.Cons:- The phone is used, mine has 3 big dents in the front bezel.- It is an ATT version, not a "World" version (world versions do not have customization for any wireless provider).- The back cover is not the original, but a cheap Chinese one.- The included battery is so bad that it barely lasts 1/2 a day.- The "new screen guard" was not included.Pros:- It is unlocked.- I upgraded to the last version of android without any problems.- I bought a protective case that hides the ATT logoAmazon should do something about offerings of so called new product that in reality are refurbished; otherwise they will become another e-bay.Please understand, it is not intended as a malicious comment, buy after many years buying from Amazon and receiving good quality products, it was a sad surprise to receive this "new" product. It does work, but I had a different expectation from the original description in the WEB.

So far, I'm happy with the gadget. However, I haven't tried to use it for international usage yet. I still have to find out.

Samsung makes the real smartphones and Samsung Galaxy S2 is one of them. Its a smart phone not a music player that has the ability make calls

The device works, but the bottom cover voting paint, discolored, in poor condition the box without color.Very poor presentation, I'm going to have to buy a new housing.

Amazon offered me a NEW and UNLOCKED Sansumg Galaxy SII cell phone. I bought it and paied for it. What did I get?An USED and LOCKED cell phone!!!What do I do with this fake!Now I have to pay for the shipping from overseas back to Amazon in USA...Completely unfair!Hope someone from Amazon will send me the NEW and "real" UNLOCKED Galaxy SII I777 cell phome that I bought to may home address to amend the fake!

I was looking for a celphone unlocked and this was excellent choice totally recommended ships fast and come unlocked good

Looked like new aside from a minor blemish on the bottom (probably from being dropped)Loving it still, two weeks in

After a few months using this phone, I realized THIS IS NOT THE ORIGINAL brand new Samsung!!After 3 months using it, the phone was not able not connect to the computer. It was never recognized. I took it to technical service... and what a SURPRISE: The battery that this phone came with was F A K E!! (I dont even know if other parts of the phone were fake as well)... After some days, I realized all the items my phone came with (USB cable, charger) were not original either!I am truly dissappointed. and please DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER if you want to get original devices!! I have been using my phone less than a year and it came up with several issues, I have spent already half of its price only on technical services + buying original accesories for it!!

i bougth this cell phone for connect with TIGO but this never displayed the signal, I cannot connect here in central America, according the seller this come unlocked.. but this cannot be connected with other carriers, and don't display the option to connect it

Almost everything is working on the phone, the only issue I am having is not being able to use my hotspot internet service from T-Mobile. I will recommend the seller.

We bought a phone and the article  is not unlocked. We try to search a place where will unlock the cell phone. Please verified the articles.

I love the fact that the shipping is really fast. I got the phone ebb and it was ok I mean it has chips and cracks on all side of the phone and the screen has a weird horizontal line (brown color) and I could see that the screen needs to be fixed. But im not going to worry about it I mean I did get the phone cheap. But I wish the screen was not the way it is now. I would return it but I dont really want to wait again for another phone. Ill just deal with it.But other than that at least the phone works

The phone is excellent, fast, good screen, good camera, processors do work, although I have only been released Movilnet used and have not had any problems.

When I received this phone, it seemed to work smoothly for about a month or two, but then it went to crap. It would get all buggy and randomly turn off or open an unwanted app or the battery would drain quick. Switched to iPhone and don't regret a thing. Honestly, Galaxy S2 was a terrible mistake to pay over $300 for.

at the beginning I was hesitating a little because this one was like $40 cheaper than all the other ones listed here but I go it right here and it works perfectly fine, the only thing tough is that doesn't come with earphones but is isn't a mayor problem :)

The phone was not working from the moment I received.  When the charger or usb cable is attached the phone turns off automatically and does not charge at all.  Unfortunately, I had to leave the country the day it arrived and could not return it.  Apparently, this is a common problem with this particular type, and I believe the seller was aware of it too since it sold me a refurbished phone that it claimed was new.

I bought this item , i think it works good but there is aproblem with the seller.  I received a used phone  and the behind cover is  to large for the phone  .. sot this behind cover does not fit the phone ... when i will come from my vacation i have to return  it back for  an exchange item.Dieunel from Puerto rico

Great cellphone.  So thin,  it can be just a little hard to grip at times, without bumping the volume  rocker or the power button sometimes.  Battery life rather short when WI-Fi is used to surf the web,  but what a great display  it has,  and nice quick performance too.  No lag when bringing up the web browser, etc.

It had too many scratch. It wasnt like new. The screen is very nice but not in back. I hope next comes better

I bought this phone as a gift for my friend who lives overseas. The phone arrived promptly and it was in a mint condition. I couldn't figure out how to charge it (connecting the charger just wouldn't do anything) and thus turn it on. But after googling the subject and playing with different variations of reset, and taking out the battery a few times, it started charging fine. (This problem never popped up again and I am still not sure what exactly was the reason for not charging in the first place).I personally like the Android OS much better (I own a Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1 and also have used the S2 for quite a few days) but I still prefer to stick with the iPhone (as far as smartphone). It takes better pictures and feels more solid overall. (Whereas the Galaxy S2 is very lite and made of cheap plastic).

i paid for a new item and they send a refurbished or probably used, they probably only replace the digitizer and  that's it, there's like dirt in between the digitizer and bezel ..don't buy from TABLET DISTRIBUTORS  plus the battery and the back cover are not originals there Chinese !!!

buy this phone and do not want to load does not work itself off and lost my money to buy it because it worked well according to the seller and it turned out that does not work someone help me.

Comprado para ser usado en venezuela, funciona perfectamente con la telefon&iacute;a de aqui. Muy buenas las funciones del telefono, recomendado altamente

Es un excelente telefono , para las operadoras de venezuela es lo mejor , la unica diferencia con el i9100 es que posee 4 sensores tactiles en ves del boton fisico que trae el galaxy s2 i9100 , pero en funcionamiento y performance es identico , o recomiendo ampliamente.It's a great phone, for operators of Venezuela is the best, the only difference is that the i9100 has 4 tactile sensors on physical button that you see the galaxy s2 i9100 brings, but in performance and performance is identical, or that great

I m starting the headline with that because, they contact me and solve one of my problems. I bought this phone for a birthday present, I bought it on July 9th and the gift was suppose to be opened on 13/09/13. Well, She opened the gift, put the battery at the back of the phone, and guess what? It didn't turn on! So, I put the charger on the phone, for about 4 hours to turn it on and guess what again? It didn't turn on.The thing is that I'm in Venezuela and it will cost me like 40 Bucks to send it back to U.S., and I can't afford to do that ( 40 Bucks are 1.600 Bs. wich is half of the minimun wedge), They refund my money, but the deception does not have a price.

Excelente smartphone, todo lo que un telefono de gama alta puede tener, duracion de la bateria, camara frontal y trasera excelente, y los botones capacitivos de esta version mejoran la estetica de la version internacional.Algunos contra son que solo los accesorios son para este modelo SGHI777, y las actualizaciones dependen de at&t;, tambien viene en una caja un poco barata con pocos accesorios por ser AT&T; BRANDED. Tambien el Touchwiz es un poco limitante y cerrado, actualmente esta economico el telefono para un telefono que me parece aun gama alta.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Excellent smartphone, everything a high end phone can have battery life, excellent front and rear camera, and capacitive buttons in this version improve the aesthetics of the international version.Some cons are only accessories for this model are SGHI777, and updates depend on AT & T, also comes in a box a little cheap with few accessories to be AT & T BRANDED. Also the Touchwiz is a bit limiting and closed, the phone is currently economical for a phone that seems even high end.

It met my expectations, it wort the same as iphone and galaxy. I really like it and it works great.

Nice and very good materials. This is a product that I was dreem to get in my thinks. No problems in transaccion. Thank you.-

I received the phone that I bought as unlocked. However, the phone came locked and its asking for "Network Lock control key" with option for unlock or dismiss after entering the number. I will either have to get the lock control to unlock the phone or return it back to the seller. Quite disappointed that its unlocked when I paid for unlocked phone.Samsung Galaxy S2 SGH-i777 Unlocked 4G World Mobile Smartphone 8MP, Gingerbread, Dual-core, 4.3 Touch Screen

They've got a Galaxy S4 now, but I'm so happy with my Galaxy S2. This was a Smartphone of the Year in 2012, and it's still very fast and capable of most things people want to do on phones. The colors are very vibrant, and the camera is great.

Everything was ok. Recommended! The phone works fine and arrived in scheduled and i have no complains. If you wanna buy, buy it.

The battery didn't even say samsung on it. The battery would last a couple of hours. and soon after a few days of using it i got a thermometer sign flashing on the phone.

I bought this phone from Oakland Wireless and it was definitely new and unlocked. Thanks again Oakland! As soon as I got it I went ahead and upgraded the android version to Jellybean 4.1.2 using Odin and the phone is still unlocked and working fine no problems. Now my phone is right on par with the latest Galaxys. Note if you find that you can't upgrade the android version using Samsung Kies or Over the Air update try using Manual Flash with Odin. Here is a link to the site I used [...] Cheers! Need help feel free to ask me.

It works fine. However, the last thing we were expecting was a phone from AT&T since we have had extremely bad experiences with this company. I wish the description would have said it was an AT&T cell phone and that it would have shown a close picture of the actual phone.

es muy bueno todo lo que esperaba mi hijo esta satisfecho con la compra gracias se los reomiendo por el precio y calidad

...so I1) must remove the battery from the phone to charge it and I2) must load data onto the phone by saving it onto a micro SD card then putting the card into the phone.The phone as a phone works great and the apps work very well.The phone was unlocked as promised.

Amazing customer service ! I ordered the phone Friday, received it on Monday. Im very impressed. I gave him four stars because the up volume button doesn't work :( and I wasn't told

The article is great! Very nice phone for a very good price!  Worked as advertised, nice Galaxy SII.  For Brazilian customers, is a nice alternative to the International version, since the 700MHz frequency (the difference between 777 and 9100 models) is not currently used in Brazil.

I buy this phone(S2 i777) in Amazone and just less than one week i receive. Everything seems to be ok;but after more than one month,i constate that the phone i ordered online is different from the one that i received(S2 T989) ,and on my plan of internet connection i use 3G network wbo is good for the reference i777,not very good for T989(4G).Also,i have no manual user and most of the time I have more difficulties to charge the phone when the level of battery is very low; and i don't know how to do.that is my opinion.

I bought it without knowing its AT&T; mobile ,there is no headset,and no original pack,the problem that I'm over seas and i cant return it.

I was receiving a cellphone not new and with terrible signal. Unappointment this seller, the commitment is low.I recommend not shopping with they

I purchased this phone to use with StraightTalk (Walmart). What a cluster that was. The reps were clueless. The coverage was weak (because they sent me a T-Mobile SIMM card with out letting me know there was an AT&T alternative, which has much better coverage in my area). So, Samsung makes great phones, I now have a GS4 on Verizon. The S2 would have been fine, if it could have been SIMMd my carrier.

After 3 weeks of use, It is broke... I had to expend USD50 fixing it, and I'm know buying a USD20 battery... If I was in USA, I will returned it

it gets stuck once in a while, often I cant call with it and cant answer the call,bad reception, it seems like the product wasnt new when i got it

The phone did not work, the battery did not charge, could not turn it on.Also the phone did not come as shown in the picture. NO ORIGINAL BOX, no headphone, no original packing material, NO manual,I processed a return and ordered a new phone from the same vendor, hopefully this time it will work properly. I'll update the review.*********************SECOND ORDER (REPLACEMENT)The phone arrived BUT IT IS LOCKED!!! Waiting for seller to send a code to unlock it. So I have paid for two of these phones so far but I'm still without a phone.If I ever get the code to unlock will update.

The phone of itself was good, but the fact it was used, and would not recharge properly is what caused the problem, and I became disillusioned, and no longer interested in the phone. Further I realized I might have a problem going forward with it.

HOLA MUY BUEN TELEFONO LO COMPRE Y LO ESTOY USANDO ACTUALMENTE EN VZLA CON MOVILNET GSM Y TRABAJA PERFECTAMENTE EN H+(3.5G) VIENE CON SOFTWARE android gingerbread 2.3.4. LA BATERIA ES DE 1650MA ( SE QUEDA CORTA, SE RECOMIENDA COMPRAR 2 ). LA EDICION DEL GALAXY SII DE AT&T NO TRAE AUDIFONOS O AUDICULARES . MUY RAPIDO TREMENDO TELEFONO . SUPER RECOMENDADO . ES MI PRIMER TELEFONO CON ANDROID Y MI PRIMER TELEFONO SAMSUNG Y HASTA EL MOMENTO ESTOY MUY FELIZ...

It is as expected. No visible sign of use. It's been working fine. We have been using it for two or three weeks without any problem..

That phone is very nice and good condition, so fast, and big capacity, i really like it, playing games so easy on it.

originally purchased this phone as a gift for a grandchild without realizing it would not be compatible with the parents' phone plan. however, discovered that it could be used by another. she has had it for about 2 weeks now and loves it. seems to be working well. it arrived in perfect new condition just as advertised.

i got this same phone and love it but one thing i did not buy on here i went to walmart site and got it brand new on there sire for 199.00 and i have it for straight talk and it works great no issues at all .

2 months ago I bought a samsung galaxy s2 unlocked. Lasts for 1 month and a half with the phone and suddenly one day when I was using was extinguished. I never fall, or wet, or overloaded. The phone was turned off and never wanted to turn. I put a load to see if the load was not caught. I want my phone warranty and I need to communicate with you to see where and what address to send the team. If you need to call me send me your phone number and then call it.Thank you.By: Hostos Rizik.

The products are perfect and everything was right.I have purchased two Samsung Galaxy S II phones and it was a great deal.I totally recommend this!!!
