
loved this phone but they dont last long at all..from my experience nothing from Boost Mobile last long at all everything they make is made to break or just malfuction so u have to replace it..i hate u BOOST lol

This phone has a well known issue with the hardware/firmware. At times you will miss phone calls (phone won't ring at all) and you will go for days without receiving text messages. The manufacturer has not developed a patch for it and it becomes a serious problem if the phone is used for business or emergencies! The only way to fix this issue is to root the phone and manually clear the dalvik cache once a week. The phone will also randomly reboot itself (with loud boot sound) at the most inopportune times while at work when your phone is on silent. DO NOT BUY!

Do not buy this phone! It's a piece of crap. Constantly freezing,I have to take the battery out and put it back in fifty times a day. Better to not have a phone at all,than have this hunk of JUNK. I give this no stars. I will not recommend anything by ZTE.

this phone is the worst phone ever i only had it for less than 5 months and it was turning off by its self it would freeze a lot and when i called manufacture they would tell me to restart it or to take the battery off but that just made it worst i would recommend not to buy it

OK, eventually, ZTE stood behind their product.  But it took many months and many emails.  All is good.My RMA 20121226821763

I have had this phone for less than a month and it has been more bad than good. I have had my fair share of phones, all different brands (about 15) and services (5) and I am pretty easy on them. I usually update when some new software comes out. This phone has pretty much been the worst one yet. I definitely DO NOT recommend it!The display: I give it about an 8. The graphics are pretty good and the display is bright. It does have a glare on it when using it out in sunlight. I tend to turn my display down to 25% to save battery life and in order to see the screen clearly I need to turn it to at least 50%. Its good but not pristine.The camera is descent. If you are in bad light you wont get any advantage out of the flash!Battery: I am a heavy app user and I have witnessed my battery decrease 15% in 3 minutes just using twitter! -.- WTF?! I charged my phone right before I went to sleep, and immediately checked the battery when I woke up (to see how far the battery would go down just on stand-by), I was at 40%. If you can live without 3G then the battery life is commendable! My phone lasted 8hrs with only a 20% decrease.Text input: My uncle and dad used my phone fairly well seeing they have big fingers. I personally hate the new android layout for this phone - I cannot turn predictive text off, so I had to download a whole new text application to use!My phone CONSTANTLY freezes!!!!!! I thought the other reviewers were exaggerating, but they were giving understatements!!! In the first 24 hours of getting the phone it froze twice. In the month+ that I have had it, it has frozen AT LEAST once a week, sometimes when Im not even doing anything. It also randomly restarts all the time.The phone also randomly plays music from my collection! I mean it stats even when I have closed out of the program. It can be embarrassing if you are in the wrong place at the wrong time!I get very bad signal in places I shouldn't (they worked with my Samsung Transform- same service).The speed, build, and call quality are pretty decent. I have nothing bad to say, but nothing to brag about either!!!Overall, this phone is NOTHING to brag about!!! I would definitely go for something else. The phone is not worth the price for all the aggravation - it effects the everyday use. Please save yourself the hassle! I wish someone would have saved me.

Bought it for the wife and you know how hard women are on phones? Talks all day and night, drops it all of the time, kid plays games on, drop it some more and it still works. Battery life is good, screen is clear, internal storage is good, just a good basic smart phone that can handle the abuse of everyday life.

ZTE WarpI looked at reviews online before I moved from the Galaxy Prevail to the ZTE Warp. My prevail was compact, rooted and fast Then suddenly that died moved to the Warp, I love the fact that I have a ton of memory but same old problems, my phone freezes, I occasionally have to take the battery out to get it working properly. My 3G decides to work when it wants, talk volume is low. Everyone complains that they cant hear me and I'm not a low talker. All in all this phone is very disappointing. Similar to the time you went on that date with what's there name? Where they annoyed you the whole time and more importantly your friends hate them. If your going to buy this phone, treat it like that date! Blow them off and go for that pricey stuck up one. They maybe expensive, shallow even but at least they come dressed to impress with all the bells and whistles and your friends will be jealous.

This was a gift for my wife and she thinks it is the cats pajamas. I would recommend this phone to anyone

Phone sound was out have to use speaker phone. Now after 2 mo I don't get text and calls go to vm. My internet connection unstable along with all my Wi-Fi spots that constantly is dropped. Something's wrong with this phone. They said it's been tested so I dint bother with the headache. I'm done with Amazon completely.

I've had my Warp since May. I have travelled extensively.  I use practically no voice at all so I cant really speak to that.  I use the phone for posting photos and texts and most of all navigation.  I have various cameras and a magellan but I just like my phone and hardly ever bother with any of my other numerous gadgets.  My phone does jam a lot and restart.  I was looking for something with a lot of room.  I love love love apps.  I have every photography app there is.  I have Kindle and Nook and all kinds of stuff to read.  I must must must have my Words with Friends and Song Pop available at all time.  They work flawlessly!  Its almost impressive!  My photos edited with Friendcaster software are amazing.  I have a Nikon, Olympus, Lumix and I cant be bothered.  I have so much fun editing the shots as I take them and post them.  I take many many food shots and they are really good.  I had 4g phones in the past and was with VZ for ten years.  I would not go back.  I cannot and will not say Boost is top of the line carrier.  It isnt.  But it suits me just fine for what I pay and what I want....tremendous flexibility and no contract.  I love the textured back of the phone and feel of it.  The screen display is amazing altho people rave and rave about AMOLED and Retina as being the end all and be all but you absolutely cannot see any difference side by side unless you are doing a study but for average use there is no discernible difference in thse displays.  Warp is gorgeous.  I have Netflix also and Optimum.  This phone in combination with the money is the bomb.  I have a 16g card and use Swiftkey with voice.  The typical android battery situation is still intolerable however I have a RayOVac external battery I just hook up when the phone dies and I get a few extra hours out of it which is magic.  I'm going to One Click Root so far Ive been too busy and enjoying it without rooting it but I want to anyway. I just bought a hot pink case for it because I cannot stand diving for the phone in restaurants and the car and I cant see it.  I hate that. If they made a cellphone in safety orange I would be the first one to buy it.  Silver and black phones are horrible.  I put that heavy duty screen cover on it.  In a restaurant far away from home a waiter picked up the menu with my phone inside and I almost left the restaurant without it so I want a phone that stands out at all times and does not blend in with the scenery.  Other than that this phone is amazing for the money.

This phone sucks, drop it one time and you're done! Never buy any boost phone from their store, they lie big time, u gotta reboot this phone at least once a day or more!

Wow ....I just got this today on the next day shipping deal and I ordered it on Friday afternoon and got it the next morning.....damn ! Way to go Amazon...luvya. And the phone is awesome,it has a nice big screen as phones go and the clarity is great. The speed is nice and not much lag in the phone itself. Great step up from the Prevail I had. Thanks for a nice product and super fast shipping when I really needed it.

This phone only works if u are talkn on the speaker phone they need to take this phone off the market

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006PGXXOS/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThis phone will be fine, but it freezes all the time and I have to remove the battery to reboot it , I will not recommed any one to purchase, it's very annoying

After months of looking and reviewing smart phones, I purchased my ZTE Warp from a local BoostMobile store when I got my income taxes. I got one for myself and another for my fianc&eacute;. I knew I didn't want a little smart phone that would make it hard to text, and the reviews for this raved on the large screen. I do love the large screen, makes it much easier for texting. This is the first smart phone I have owned, and I really do like it a lot. I also want to say that I have the shrinking payments and I am paying $5/mo for insurance. My original Warp accidentally got stepped on and I had paid $200 for it. I only had to pay $65 for the replacement, which I felt was a really great deal.Some PROS that I found are:-The large screen, definitely. For texting, videos and pictures.-The camera takes clear pictures. Video works very well, also.-Being a smart phone, all of the apps that are available for it.Some CONS that I found are:-When the phone needs to update, it freezes and restarts itself. That has happened during phone calls in which I have to very quickly take the back off and the battery out to hang up. Very frustrating.-The Boost (Sprint) signal isn't as strong as others, especially in my workplace.-I have tried searching for updates, which it will try to do for about 10 minutes then say it timed out.All-in-all, I do recommend the Warp. I love my large smart phone and don't think I'll ever want anything smaller again.

I've had this phone for almost 3 months and it has been a great phone.  It has all the functionality I desired with a smartphone and overall the operating system has been working well.  Boost service has been really good too.  The size of this phone is really great.  It's bigger than most smartphones.

I have great service with Boost Mobile.  After about 2 weeks this phone started freezing and I have to take out the battery to restart it about every 3rd day.  I suggest paying the additional few bucks and get the newer ZTE. Screen size and pictures are great quality.

I am still getting to know how to use this phone...it must be a little smarter than me because it is frustrating sometimes. Smart phone users need to have lots of patience!

My first smartphone and I am very happy with it.  Only negative is that the battery life is a bit short.Update: 8 months after I've noticed that the phone is a bit buggy and must be reset from time to time.

Finally upgraded from 5 year old flip phone,what a revalation.first Boost Mobile is an incredible buy,starting at $55 per month with shrinkage down to $40,less than half my previous Verzon charges.I manily call,text,view the internet, have had no issues. I recommend this phone and Boost to anyone who thinks phone serivce shouldn't cost you an arm and a leg.

I have had this phone a month And i get nothing but crashes freezes and random restarts 3-5 times a day.removing the battery and restarting . Is the only fix and today it shut off and with a full charge and connected to the power it took a half hour for it to decide to work!this is my second android phone.previous to this i had crickets Samsung vitality.although that didn't crash as much it did crash regularly.i am beginning to think the android system is the problems. My boyfriend has the Nokia Lumia 710 with windows mobile 7 and has only restated it bc he felt the need. Weather this issue is with the phone itself or the android system i don't know but i would recommend staying away from android if possible seems there are far to many bugs for these budget phones,if that is the case with the contract "better" phones i am unsure. I am giving this  3stars because i do like the phone when it works large screen very responsive screen and alot of space to work with as well as the service being pretty good.

I hate this phone, its always freezing up and I have to take the battery out. The charge doesn't last long and it randomly shuts off.

I didn't purchase the phone from Amazon, but I am returning to Amazon to buy another phone because this one failed.This phone was great for the first two months. It ran super smooth, better than my old Galaxy S3, which I had some software issues with.If I had known the amount of issues I would have encountered with this phone, I would have never given up the S3.After a few months of buttersmooth operation, The Warp started to freeze and lock up. I haven't had some of the issues others have had (with the rebooting) but my screen would randomly come up as static. Like television snow, but still. It would go back to the normal display if I pressed a few buttons here and there, but then the phone would lag. Terribly. To the point where it because unusable. So while my phone never rebooted on its own, I've had to reboot it several times in a vain attempt to unfreeze the screen.It would recover from these bouts. Sometimes. When it did, it would run as smooth as it did before. But then it'd start crashing again. No foreseeable reason. I reset the phone to factory, uninstalled some things, nothing worked. I never dropped this phone, it's been handled pretty well, and yet it acts like its water damaged or something, which I know it isn't. These freezes/crashes happened at least 10 times per day. On a good day.I think anyone who has owned this phone and has not had it fail after a year, should count themselves lucky. From what I've seen, most users end up having major problems with it in the end.Other small problems I had was with people seeming not to understand me, or saying I was breaking up, when I was on the phone. Could be network problems, but I'll include it just in case. Also the camera is terrible, pictures looks super grainy, but for the price, I wasn't really expecting much anyway.What's sad is that this has been going on since the phone has come out. Some of these reviews are from 2012 and no patches have ever been released to resolve the problem. It's terrible. This phone should have been taken off the market.The price seems like a bargain, but it isn't. It's not even worth it going through the frustration for free. I'm going to try my luck with the Moto G instead. Hopefully it won't mess up as catastrophically  as this phone did.

but there is a slight problem when u have the anitglare protecter on and ur playing a game some time phone does not respond to ur touch an u start hitting it hard than u should

My phone was slow, and a battery vampire. It lasted two and a half months and just died. I had my sister pick it up for me while I was working, and since shes out of state I can't return it. It's just one of those horrible phone things that happen from time to time. I have a Samsung galaxy now and appreciate the fact that it works every day, unlike the ZTE Warp. If your one of those people who happen to use your phone to txt, call, get your email and occasionally surf the web, spend your money on something besides the Warp, because this smart phone is not up to the task.

I thought long and hard before I purchased a phone for the Boost Mobile Service I have, and after careful consideration, this was by far the best choice. The screen on this phone is GREAT and bigger than any other phone I have owned! Thank you

Perfect!!! No problems, love the price, easy to use, great for my 7 year old. Love the size of the screen for his eyes....

great phone but do not buy from boost as I had me on boost it up date boost solfwear and kill my phone and boost want to charg me and I have to pay to send it in for something thay did to my phone so don't buy it as a boost moble phone

Great phone...great screen size, plus easy set up. As long as you don't tend to push it past its limits you'll be satisfied with this phone. Of course, i tend to push electronics past its limits on a regular basis, which caused this phone to freeze up more than a few times...once i tired of quickly removing and reinserting the battery, i learned to stop expecting it to do more than any other phone can. Other than that, i'd recommend it to anyone that actually knows about &#34;smart&#34; phones...and as for idiots, i say pass unless you want to write a bad review, lol.

Bought this phone from Amazon Thursday got it today which is Saturday so 2 days ain't bad the phone is awesome nice big screen I'm so in love with this phone so happy I bought it no disappointments.Update: Today is May 14, 2012 had this phone for a while now and it's great the only issue I'm having is at times it freezes up and I have to take the battery out that's my only complaint. I really hate this issue is happening because it's an awesome phone if it didn't freeze up at times.

I have had this phone for almost a year now.  When I first started using it I would have an occasional freeze of the system and that was all.  About 5 months in the GPS started acting up.  Shortly after the GPS failed.  ZTE will fix the phone under warranty but only if I send it in and wait 3-5 weeks for repair without a phone.  They will not send out loner or replacement refurbished phones.  Worst customer service from ZTE ever.  The phones newest trick is to show that I am connected to 3G but when I try to use the internet I get a message saying "No internet connection".  The only way to fix this problem is to restart the phone, and start up on this phone takes about 3 minutes.  Overall rating THIS PHONE SUCKS and the boost mobile network doesn't help.

This phone is horrible , annoying and just a waste of money , the phone will last if you just listen to music and text but if you surf the web for less then a minute it will drop from 100% to 60% , will only recommend if you text and call from time to time.

This phone did not work. It kept force closing. Shutting off, and getting too hot. I had to buy a brand new one to replace it!

Have had it about 15 months, when it works it is fine, nothing special but does the job. The problem is most of the time it doesn't, something is always wrong with it, it will reset, freeze, restart, drop calls, not receive or send texts, apps crash, camera doesn't always work, won't always read SD card, music will start playing randomly, takes a while to turn on, doesn't always connect to Bluetooth, the phone has so many problems, it is so frustrating. I've been really loyal to it, but it really has never worked right.

....this is the best phone I've ever had, and I've had many, many phones in my day.....right from the beginning with the "Brick" to your basic flip phones to my last phone, the Blackberry Bold.My first impression was this phone is quite large and clear.  It's super fast and not filled with bloatware like most other Android phones....it's quite empty.  With a 2G internal storage along with the included external storage you've got more than enough room.  I've got 1000 songs and 22 APPs on it and still plenty of room for more.I don't understand this..."we can't find parts and cases for the ZTE".......I've found plenty of aftermarket stuff right here on Amazon...in fact I just ordered a hard case from here and it's great and the price was $20.00 cheaper here.So don't listen to people who complain about this phone...it's really great.

This phone is horrible. It works only for about 6 months. After that you should throw it away. Constant resets and freezing. Can't even turn it on in the morning without it resetting 5min later or locking up and having to pull the battery. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE. Wish I could give it no stars and actually get my money back from this product.

FIRST, about Boost. (If you want to read about the phone, skip ahead.)I've been with Boost for a few years now. I'm totally happy with them as a carrier. I got sick and tired of paying $95-150/month for my smart phone bills (because contract cell carrier smart phone plans did not include unlimited minutes AND unlimited texting WITH unlimited data -- so I was constantly paying overage for texting and talking too much). So a few years ago I switched to Boost. Boost uses the Sprint network, and I haven't had any problems with it (depending on the phone used). It was TOTALLY worth the $45-100/month I SAVED being on Boost. And now that Boost and other prepaid carriers are offering smartphones and Androids, I will NEVER go back to a contract mobile phone. Never. There is no reason to.Every now and then, I pick up and try other prepaid phones. I'm not impressed. Net10, Tracfone, Straight Talk, and Virgin Mobile all "dumb down" their phones by disabling factory default features (such as ability to use phone as a wifi hotspot). Straight Talk is by far the worst for dumbing down phones (they disable *tons* of features).Boost also removes some features (like the ability to use the phone as a wifi hotspot, damnit!). But on Boost smartphones, you can get around that with some apps (such as PDAnet). You CAN'T get around it on any of the Net10, Tracfone, or Straight Talk phones I've tried. I'm not sure if that's because they disable those services in the phone's hardware, in the phone's software, or on the cell network (by using the cell's unique address/ID to block certain services).Boost also doesn't cap data service and then slow it down when you reach the cap. All other prepaid carriers (and most contract carriers) do this. I thought that was because Boost is a prepaid arm of Sprint, who also don't cap data service. But then, Virgin Mobile is also a Sprint subsidiary, and data service is capped on Virgin Mobile phones (once you reach the cap, your data service slooooowwwws dooowwwwwnnn...).It's true, it's hard to get a human with Boost's customer service... but that's true of all the prepaid carriers, WORST with Straight Talk. For many of these prepaid carriers, you get heavily accented "English-speaking" customer service or tech support in India or the Philippines. Their English can be hard to understand. Never had that issue with the major carriers like AT&T; and US Cellular, but I never called or needed their customer service often enough for it to be worth the extra $45-100 I paid monthly!Boost also offers bill shrinkage. For every 6 months you pay your bill on time, they shrink the bill by $5. For regular phone users (who pay the $50 unlimited talk/text/web), you can shrink your bill down to as low as $35/month. For Android users, who start at $55/month for unlimited talk/text/data, you can shrink your bill down to $40/month. For Blackberry users, who start at $60/month for unlimited talk/text/data (by FAR the cheapest Blackberry service available ANYWHERE in the US), your bills can shrink down to $45/month, as I understand it. Basically, whatever plan you're on, if you pay your bill on time for 18 months, your bill will shrink $15/month ($5 every 6 months).So, I'm very satisfied with Boost. I've been on Verizon, AT&T;, T-Mobile and US Cellular. They are not worth the cost. I've also tried other prepaid carriers: Net10, Tracfone, Straight Talk, and Virgin Mobile. Not impressed, especially because they dumb down/disable features on their phones and cap data speeds. Boost doesn't cap data/speeds, rarely disables features/dumbs down (if/when they do, you can just find an app, or root the phone, to get around it). Boost also has WAY LESS bloatware than all the other prepaid carriers, and less than many contract carriers. So I don't see myself leaving Boost any time soon.I realize this sounds like a Boost commercial. I don't mean it to. It's just that I've tried almost all other contract and prepaid carriers and felt like I was getting ripped off. I don't feel that way with Boost. They really seem to have the best combination of monthly cost for unlimited talk/text/data, phone/smartphone selection, reliable network service, rarely disabling phone features, and rewarding customer loyalty. Boost is not perfect (customer service; other carriers obviously have many more phones to choose from). But Boost is better than every other carrier I've tried, and I simply refuse to go back to paying $95-150+/month just so I can get the latest/greatest mobile phone... especially when Boost now offers so many Android phones.Now about THE PHONE:The ZTE Warp is a decent Android phone. It is not great. It is not total crap, either. It gets about average battery life.Not using "location service" (GPS) increases your battery life. So does turning off wifi until/unless you need it. In fact, if you have to be somewhere that makes cell reception nearly impossible (like, deep within a hospital near shielded areas, like Radiology...), it's best to put your phone in Airplane mode so it will stop *trying* to connect to the network or Wifi, which uses up juice.Pros:Screen is large, hi-res; good for watching vide/reading ebooks/editing docsMicroSD card up to 32G (download TV shows from your PC and watch them!)Corning Gorilla Glass screen, not easily scratched like most touch-screensCons:Buggy system softwareToo-soft haptic feedbackPoor reception (unrelated to network)Mediocre camera and lousy, low-res videoCrappy native browser*Lousy input XT9 and Android keyboards*Quiet (too quiet) ring tones*Native MP3 player sucks*Native video player sucks (and only plays 3GP video)*Sucks up battery if using GPS/Wifi/3G/MP3 player/watching video*One issue I noticed is, if you are outside and it's chilly or downright cold (40s F or below) and you are not wearing gloves, it's nearly impossible to use the touchscreen with your naked fingers, frustratingly difficult even with gloved fingertips. This may be a result of the cold outside temperature affecting the touch screen. Or it may be the cold affecting the Gorilla Glass screen; I'm not sure.*All asterisked issues can be fixed or ameliorated with third party Android apps. I have found freeware apps to solve or work around all of these issues. Opera Mini or Boat Mini browsers are better than the native one. A ring-tone or equalizer app can fix the too-quiet ring tone issue. A freeware music/MP3 player fixes the music issue (I use the Amazon MP3 player, though it's not great, either). MoboPlayer and QQPlayer both will play AVI and WMV files, so all I have to do is load up my microSD card with my favorite TV shows, and I can watch them.An app killer that automatically kills apps/services can help with the battery issues (I use Advanced Task Killer). However, if you're going to watch a lot of video or plan to listen to MP3s for a few hours while doing something else, you'd better have the charger nearby.There is no solution to the lousy camera, low-res video that it takes, or the buggy system software, as far as I can tell. I'd rather have a better 3 MP camera that can take higher res video than this phones lousy 5 MP camera and low-res video recording.Also, this phone does some weird stuff if you enable Wifi but then spend time in an area with no Wifi. For some reason, even when you have 3G network capability and full bars for the cell signal, if Wifi is enabled but there's no Wifi network available near you, the 3G often won't work for data. Any Internet service (such as browsers, weather apps, Gas Buddy) will say they can't connect to the network. Disabling Wifi and re-enabling it does not work to solve this.To fix this problem, you have to turn the phone off and then back on, or put the phone in "Airplane mode" for a few seconds (which has it's own issues, see below)This Wifi-makes-cell-service-stop-working problem may be an Android problem, rather than a ZTE Warp-specific problem; I have noticed a similar problem on my Virgin Mobile LG Optimus Slider Android phone. And I've heard of other Android users having this problem intermittently.Then there is the Airplane mode bug. When you put the ZTE Warp in Airplane mode in the "Wireless & networks" settings, if you exit the "Wireless & networks" settings screen, when you go back to the Wireless & networks setting screen, you can't turn Airplane mode back off. When you exit the settings, and try to go back, the box for Airplane mode is UNchecked, even though you are IN Airplane mode (and can't access the cell network or use Wifi or GPS). With the box unchecked, there is no way to turn Airplane mode back *off* once you leave the "Wireless & networks" settings screen. If you check the box, it just turns Airplane mode "back on," like you would expect it to. It does not "toggle" the way it's supposed to.The only solution to this that I've found is to turn the phone off and then turn it back on, then go back to "Wireless & networks" settings *again*. After restarting the phone, the Airplane mode box IS checked (BECAUSE you *are* in Airplane mode)... so you can finally uncheck it.The desktop does not flip into landscape mode when you flip the phone into landscape mode for any other use (such as, to make the virtual keyboard bigger). I was told by a Radio Shack employee and also by a Boost Mobile employee that that is normal for Android phones without physical QWERTY keyboards. This seems stupid to me. It may not be a bug, but it does seem like poor design, to me...The lousy cell reception of this phone seems to have no cure, except standing close to windows or going outside. I have a prepaid Virgin Mobile Android LG Optimus Slider, which I use for tenants and contractors/repair services for the building I temporarily manage (long story). Virgin Mobile uses the Sprint network, which is what Boost also uses.Unfortunately, many times people who know both my Boost and Virgin Mobile phone numbers (like my boyfriend) will call both my phones, starting with the Boost phone first (it is my main personal phone). Although I will have both phones on me or near me, the ZTE Warp won't ring -- and often won't even list the missed call!Then when my bf calls my Virgin Mobile LG Android phone, it rings right away. If he left voicemail on the Boost phone first, the ZTE Warp will suddenly wake up a few minutes later and tell me I have voicemail, although it does not list the missed call. Since both phones use the Sprint network, and I have both with me in the same place, it can't be the network that's causing the problem. It has to be the phone's poor reception.Also, my previous Boost phone was a Sanyo Incognito (yes, I was without a smartphone for a time, horrors!), and it rarely had these reception problems, even in the same rooms and on the same floors in the same building. Maybe the Corning Gorilla Glass touch screen on this ZTE Warp interferes with cell reception? IDK, but it's really annoying, especially when you miss calls you wanted to get.To sum up:If the ZTE Warp is your first Android phone, and/or your first smartphone, and/or your first experience with Boost, you will probably be very happy with the ZTE Warp (and Boost).If you like to read books/fiction on your phone, or you want to watch a lot of video, you will probably *love* the ZTE Warp, for it's big beautiful (and rugged) screen. It has the biggest screen of all the Androids on offer from Boost, and a bigger screen than many Android phones from contract cell carriers.If you plan to watch a lot of movies/TV on this phone, you will love the big, beautiful, hi-res screen even more AFTER you install a better video app, such as Moboplayer or QQPlayer (as of this writing, both are available as freeware from the Google Play app store). The native video app -- as with most smartphones -- can only play 3GP video. That means all your favorite movies or TV shows that you want to transfer from your PC to your phone, must be converted to 3GP video first. That's a huge pain the butt, so installing an app that can natively play WMV, MP4, or AVI files will definitely make your life and video viewing much easier!If you tend to drop your phone a lot or often stick it in places where it can get scratched (like in a purse or pocket next to your house keys), you will appreciate the way the Corning Gorilla Glass screen doesn't scratch up like most other phone screens do.If this is not your first Android phone, or not your first smartphone, though, you may not be happy. The buggy system, the lousy cell reception, the too-quiet ring tones, the too-soft haptic feedback (maybe that's a result of the Gorilla Glass, too; idk), Airplane mode that you can't turn off unless you turn the phone off and then back on, Wifi making 3G stop working... these are all minor problems, but together they add up to pretty damn annoying, for me.No mobile phone is perfect. Usually you have to tolerate some annoying crap in order to get the features you want. The ZTE Warp has a few Pros and a lot of Cons. If you don't value the Pros very much, you probably will not want to tolerate the Cons, and you'll probably  be better off looking at a different Android phones from Boost.I'm planning to switch to Boost's Samsung Transform Ultra. I don't regret "my time with the ZTE Warp" but the annoyances have started to build up and annoy me. Also, I just prefer a physical QWERTY keyboard. I go used to it on my old (very over-priced) Blackberry (on US Cellular, before I switched to Boost). I'm old school, I guess. Or just old... with "man hands", I guess!

The only thing I don't like about boost is that sprint coverage is limited. If I drive out of town I lose service will probally switch to verizon

To me its true to the advertisement ,Its easy to use and read.I enjoy it.Ive told my friends about it and BoostMobile and most have switch from their old service plus bought a ZTE Warp phone. thanks Wanda Wilkinson

I ALMOST HATE THIS ANDROID PHONE..I didn't buy it at amazon I got it from ebay (good deal) I had already read many enough reviews to know what to expect but DANG it's just to a Crazy point of REDICULOUNESS, It constantly Freeze, It constantly Forceclose It constantly reboots itself! One Night I had a call coming in and I could NOT answer the darn call because the phone Froze as the call was coming in an it just buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzed until I took the darn battery out. Another time I was talking to my Mother and the phone just shut off on me in the middle of our conversation.. This is my FIRST Android I"ve been a Blackberry Girl for the past 5 yrs and I must say I MISS MY BLACKBERRY, Wish I would have just STuck to what I know for sure. (that works for me which is the Blackberry) So today I had two co-workers to take photos of me with the phone (they came out nice too) and then I get back to my desk and was about to up load the photos (at least one of them) to Instagram and the dang phone FROZE, then it Re booted itself, then when it came back up all the 5 pictures were GONE tossed out by the Stupid PHONE... OK OK lets be real I know that there are NO phone without Fault (I don't care how much you pay for one) There is going to be SOMETHING.. And I'm trying and or have Tried to work and deal with this one but I swear I find myself on a daily basis wanting to toss this into on coming HWY traffic!!!  i don't know if this is done more because of this being a refurb or what but it's Crazy... There have been several a days when my Incoming TEXT messages weren't coming in (un known to me) I couldn't really get it off top that amy incoming text wasn't coming in because my emails still came through (I still got those  notifications) I also still got my notifications for my Facebook and Twitter and my instagram stuff.. But I'll go all day with NO incoming text then later I think OH" sh*t!!! it's not working so I have to remove the battery let it reboot then I'll have a ton of text to come through from a day before and current day.. I'm just being real here. I mean the phone is "GOOD" but WHEN IT WORKS.. I don't know how many times in a day now that it reboots itself or how many times I have to reboot it myself. Another thing I HATE about this phone is that Everything (app wise) that I download it goes onto my micro SD card and I just had to take the 1gb out and input the 2gb, but I still need bigger because ON my Blackberry I had LOST of music, Lots of Pics etc... now downloading certain apps with THIS android it cuts my songs off half way (to make room for the up load) and or I have to delete pics (with the 1gb) so I'm on the proll (soon) for a 8gb or 16gb micro SD for this Android.  Anyway this is all I can think of to complain about right now if I remember anything else I will be back to update... I do enjoy the phone When it works..... That is All... Happy Shopping.What I Am NOT complaining about is my plan on BOOST Mobile I love it and I've been with boost mobile about 5 yrs now.. I LOVE the LOW monthly cost (with shrinkage) for UNLIMITED SERVICE the same service you get with the BIG name contracted Cell phone companies. This here IS NOT a problem for me I currently pay $45 a month unlimited and a few more payments I'll reach my plateau at $40 a month (works for me) laughing at the rest of them.... (OH' but I think maybe there phones might be a inny winny bit better)

Great value! Only $40 for a mid range Android phone. Recommend this phone to anyone needing a 3G phone !

I got this after the prevail and thought I was moving on up. This phone was a step backwards from that. I didn't get it from Amazon. First off ,the volume was crappy , I constantly missed calls from barely hearing my ringtone. Trying to listen to music is a pain . I had to take out the back to be able to hear the stereo. Volume apps did nothing to improve that situation. It also came to the point where when I put the phone down it would shut off by itself . Also had to keep taking the battery out due to constant freezing . If you are trying to upgrade and move on up on boost mobile phones i'd skip right over this one!

Really hate it!!!!! Phone constantly freezes up an reboots.. also having trouble wit the memory always being full.. If these things could be improved would give 5 stars love the phone.

When I got this phone I was ecstastic..until I looked at the corners of my phone. One side was so distorted and completely stratched up I didn't touch my phone for an hour. I was very upset with the overall display of the phone and the fact that it smelled llike a chimney stack. Then after using the phone undropped for a couple of months, the phone started to act crazy, it would shut off and freeze on me, in the middle of texting the keyboard would just go away and I end of having to start my whole text over. The worst thing of all would be charging this phone. When I charge this phone after it reached 91% I cannot unlock my screen. The phone goes haywire and pushed buttons my finger is no way near. I end up having to take my phone off the charger before its completely charged just to send a text. All in all this phone made me regret getting used phones and I will never buy another used phone like this unless I have had a detailed description of the phone I am purchasing and lots and lots of pictures.

Very unsatisfied customer experience , phone is small than what the web site picture it to be, it feeds so cheap, i am so unhappy and mad that i spend 189.oo for this phone, i hate i  this phone i am so mad

Havent had the phone a month and the screen keeps freezing up, i have to take battery out to start up. No front camera, atleast i cant find it.makes taking pics or videos really inconvenient and i cant video chat. With it being a smart phone i thought it would b available. Also no talk text:( think i made a poor choice

This phone was great then all of sudden it would freeze 3 to 5 times a day no matter what I was doing including: talking on the phone or just sending a text. The only solution to unfreeze is to take out the battery which got to be a pain, so I had to go buy a different phone

My husband bought me this phone in august, i dropped it and got it replaced through insurance....it will restart itself through out the day, battery will not last very long if you are like me and use your phone throughout the day with email, texting, facebook....etc. This phone i wish i had never bought it, now im looking for another phone to replace this piece of garbage with.

This phone was alright for the price. For $40 dollars more for the Marquee if you buy off Boostmobile.com you will NOT have to worry about: reduced earpiece defect, websites(Android Market Movies)reading your phone as "rooted" and not allowing you to use the service, the WORLDS WORST customer service EVER, or the software issues that they ask you to update yourself. I dealt with the defect and the inaccessible webpages and wrote it off to lesson learned. However, the customer service has made me swear off ANY ZTE product EVER. They have monopolized the market for the parts for the phones they have and if you need a part you will need to provide your first borns name (yes, this is a joke) and all the numbers, where you bought it, how you bought it, when it was delivered, who it was delivered to, ect (Not a joke). AFTER you provide them with all your personal information they will take a few days to respond that they need even more information. Then they will tell you (after you tell them you want to buy the part because it was your fault) that it is not covered under warranty and that buys them another few days of time. THEN when you finally confront them and say, "Look, I just need the part so that I can have a phone. There are no parts available for this phone model. How much is JUST the LCD part?"...A short rude response back..."Our quote is $150 let us know if this works for you"...I can buy a NEW phone for $40 bucks more. After another email they thanked me for my business and ignored everything after that. Buy a phone that has a company that STANDS BEHIND their product. Do not buy from ZTE who is probably trying to sell out the pieces from their previous flop phones like the Solar.

This phone is by far the worst phone i have ever see from boost mobile. Software continues to freeze up, have to keep battery off of the phone because the battery charges very hot and shuts the phone off. Unable to play any games on the phone as they freeze as soon as they load, same with taking pictures on the phone, once you take the picture the phone will display the picture and then lock up to where you have to remove the battery to get the screen to go away. Will never tell anyone to buy this phone.

worst phone ever! worked good for a month then it grew a mind of it's own and kept freezing the only way to resolve it was to take the battery out. this happened several times a day. don't waste your money.

This is one of the best android phones around.  It is comparable to the HTC Evo, except it does not have front face camera, but who cares.  It does everything else.  Great phone and I recommend it to all.  Boost has a great shrinkage program. I got the inside skinny that Boost is going to get a contract with Apple and be the first pre-paid program to have the iPhone.  Can't wait to see that.

BIIIGGG SIZE SCREEN. Bigger than an iphone. More positives than negatives!! Some of the negatives, you have to turn it off and on once every other day. It'll freeze sometimes. While typing the screen may go Down then right back up. Thats Pretty much it. Great phone overall !! i love mines and use it for everything lol

I previously had this phone, sold it to buy the new HTC EVO 4G phone, boy was that a big mistake, so I went back to my ZTE Warp and couldn't be happier.  The screen is much bigger than the HTC EVO and although it is only a 3G, basic operations performed were much faster than the HTC.

This device is the WORST cell phone I have ever owned, constantly freezes, shuts down, and always missing calls because it wants to have calls go to voice mail instead of ringing... I would not recommend this product...

This is a great phone for the price. I use it for hard data apps and work. This phone is good with boost unlimited talk, text and 3g data!

Alright so I've been on boost for a while and I've really enjoyed the service and the company. I haven't had any real SERVICE problems. Many of the issues I've had were with the phones I bought.I originally had a samsung replenish. I can't say much good about that, it had poor memory, got poor reception (phone issue), poor screen size and resolution, terrible camera, the only thing I liked about it was the physical keyboard, though that eventually got annoying because my "I" button became half broken...Though this is not a review of the replenish, I say all that to say that the ZTE Warp was a very nice upgrade for me. I got it on sale on black friday in 2012 at a best buy mobile and was excited to have a large, full touch screen phone.So here's what I liked about the ZTE Warp.Nice, large, full touch screen-Apps looked nice and were much clearer than beforeBetter reception than my old samsung replenishMore sturdy than the replenishSwipe to textNicer, sleeker looking design.MUCH more internal and external (memory card) memory.That's essentially it.The things I disliked?Sucky camera and video recorderAverage battery life (fixed with a battery saver app)Volume on ringer is quieter than I'd like.Still kinda sucky reception in places-It was better than before but not nearly as good as it could be.The messaging/texting app.-It was sometimes very sensitive, and wouldn't finish swiping a word even tho I hadn't lifted my finger.-It wouldn't let me "add things to the dictionary" like some phones will pick up things that you type and remember them and stop correcting them. This phone won't.-T9 swipe kinda sucks.-Trying to just type and not swipe would make little hints come up saying "try swiping from letter to letter" and as far as I could tell there was no way to turn this off.-When it's cold, or if your hand is cold, swipe is basically useless.-The absence of a physical keyboard coupled with the bad haptic feedback made me not a fan of the texting app.Soooo many buggy issues.-I was consistently taking the battery out and putting it back in because the phone would freeze or shut itself off and not turn back on.-The WiFi would be glitchy in places where it should be working quite well. Like a college campus.I originally thought the buggy issues were just the phone that I had, so I went and exchanged it for the same phone at another best buy in mid-December. I got the same glitchy issues with a different phone. It's just the design of the phone.I didn't totally hate this phone. It was definitely an improvement over what I had. If this is your first smartphone, you'll probably really like it. If you're coming off of a really crappy smartphone like I did, you'll probably really like it as well. But If you are an avid smartphone user, go for something a little higher up in the ratings.

Difficult to hear each other - I actually meant to buy the 4g and got this one instead - i'll be returning it for the 4G - I hope the 4G is much, much better.

I bought this boost phone for the apps and games and its touch screen but i did not count on the phone freezing on me every time i try to play a game or run a app then the phone resets on me. some time for no reason at all the phone just rests its self

It's ok but not quite the same as the 2nd model which I had and preferred just a bit more. I prefer the camera that worked without needing a san disc card and faces in two directions! It's ok mostly though....when it's not freezing up on me or shutting itself off for no-apparent-good reason.

It took a minute, but I understand how this phone works. Its a good phone. I call it "the precious".

I have owned this phone for about a year now. When i first got the phone it was a great phone and did everything i wanted it to do. the battery life was not that bad, easily lasting all day of moderate use. it kept a pretty good connection and performed as you would expect a smart phone on 3g to.a year later and this phone has tons of issues. the top issues i now have a constant basis are terrible battery life, like 30 minutes of pandora will kill a full charge now. or the worst connection you can think of, might as well not bother with data without wifi anymore. or just randomly shutting itself off for no reason. or losing connection and refusing to connect without being powered down and back on. or just freezing up and becoming unresponsive to the point the battery has to be removed....  every day you try to use it is another problem.it was a great phone for the first 6 months or so, then it started having minor issues, and now at 1 year its garbage.i would also really look at another provider than these sprint pre-paid deals. the network just is not good. the walmart straight talk, or the t-mobile prepay plans are comparable prices on better networks.

It is great to have a huge screen and many different functions. I love this phone and I have had a lot of phones, I got tired of contracts and the geek squad guys told me that this phone was an awesome phone....they were right!

This is a great no contract phone.  Great price, fast delivery and larger than expected.  Glad. I got it from Amazon, it was $20. Cheaper than Best Buy.  it comes with wall charger but, I also bought the car charger.  The battery doesn't stay charged long.  Love it

I like the phone alot. im happy i am semi up to date with technology. The cell i had before was Motorola i1 the warp is 8 better. The warp is huge I love that. It has the internet. the camera doesn't allow u to get a flashlight app used thru the camera. The speaker is super low and ringtones are alil low but it plays loud enough music. I wish I had better flash to watch movies. The response timing is off sometimes. It doesn't feel cheap to me the backing is plastic but I'm wondering what material ppl want it to be its a pry off backdoor it needs to have give and be flexible and less weight the screen is huge. I wish the battery lasted a bit longer..other then a few negatives but lots of positive feedback I love the phone and nothing  is perfect I do not regret my purchase. I haven't had a need to call customer service I don't think I've ever had to call CS for any phone I've owned. That seemed weird to me that ppl call CS I see alotta reviews for them being rude but maybe the callers are rude first. Those ppl just answer phones they aren't in your lap completely feeling ur issues.

The phone help me to also learn how  to use my android tablet so it like learning to use one device. That makes it easy for me.

I do Love my Android, yes I do. This was my first Android. I'm not to hip with the in-the-trends hole thing. I found this phone to be easy to use, like any other droid device.I have added apps to it. They do as they are suppose to. I did want to mention that since we, (me and hubby) never used anything like this, he did have a complication on the set up. He could not link all of his accounts together. I however, did not have this problem. We are still not sure how to fix it, or what caused it.The sound is on the low side. I do have to admit I hate the keyboard. I have to constantly use a stylus pen, or flip it (to its side). This is annoying when you are trying to rush a text message or type out anything fast.I wish I was a "tech geek" to give more inside on this bad boy, but I cant. Everything works great aside from the minor complication we have yet to come across anything else. They do have a short battery life. Keep that in mind when you purchase. I get about 2 days leaving it on.I do ask that if your not "Android Smart" to ask around for must have apps. Lets see here... like a virus app is a must have. It kills off everything that would cause a virus in the phone. A task manager is another. This will kill down the apps running. So that you don't have them running, and your phone goes dead faster. There is a app for almost anything and everything you could want.Basically a Android is a computer. You care for it the same way. You still have to do basic maintenance on it.

When i switch to boost mobile or virgin mobile i am getting a smartphone For myself also i  am just  not sure what kind yet

This phone is not worth it because it drops calls, freeze up, and it is very slow. I would not recommend it to anyone, oh yeah it cuts off whenever it feels like it.

I HAVE HAD THIS PHONE FOR ABOUT 5 MONTHS AND LET ME START BY SAYING THIS IS THE BIGGEST PIECE OF CRAP!!!! THIS PHONE FREEZES, RESTARTS ITSELF,TOUCH BECOME UNRESPONSIVE, SCREENS GOES BLACK, POWERS OFF BY ITSELF, Chances is if you can name something bad about a phone its wrapped up in this warp piece of crap. I have to take the back off this phone to reset it at least 4 times a day because it freezes. it takes for ever to power up, the camera, are what they pass ofF for a camera, is junk. won't focus, takes forever to view pics, and no zoom the pic qulity is horrible. if you have to use the key pad while talking on the phone good luck the phone screen goes blacks making it impossible to use the key pad are hang up. just about every time i call someone, and i get there answering service, they hear me tearing the phone apart, trying to take the battery out to disconnect the call.  if you are looking for a phone and are looking at this one PLEASE KEEP LOOKING. This phone is not worth any amount of money. THIS IS NOT A JOKE. I only wish zte would give me my money back. as a matter of fact I will never, I MEAN NEVER BUY A ZTE PRODUCT EVER AGAIN !!!!!!!EVER !!!!!!!!

I had it a cpl weeks the camera stopped working. The phone completly shuts down randomly by its self while im in the middle of something.

I have owned this phone for over 2 months, and I love it. I have had no issues with the phone, nice large screen, and the battery life is good. The only thing that could be improved on this phone is the camera.I just order a second ZTE Warp for my daughter. She is the last one in our family who is on AT&T.; I can't wait to cancel her service with AT&T;!!!!!

I don't know how this product has a four-star rating... I'm guessing it must be from early reviews (considering six months ago I probably would have written a much more positive review).This phone had so much potential... a great price, great features, and the capabilities of a smart phone.  Unfortunately, the phone does not deliver any of its promise.  On a daily basis, the phone freezes, crashes, and reboots itself randomly.  About 10 times a day, I need to manually reset the phone by removing the battery and restarting it.  Currently, I cannot receive text messages unless I dial out, so in order to check my text inbox, I need to dial my voicemail, which has been very annoying.  Also, the touch screen doesn't always respond, so when my alarm is going off on the phone and I can't touch the off button, it becomes a nuisance.This phone is an awful device that was not ready for the market and I highly recommend AVOIDING this phone.

I've owned this phone for several months and it hasn't given me too many problems. It has a solid feel and is pretty big. It is a little thicker than I expected but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. It hasn't broken on me yet and is very easy to use. It has Swype and a regular keyboard, both of which work nicely. The screen resolution is pretty nice.The only problems I have had are that the phone stopped vibrating, and wants to be turned off and on again once a day, which I am not used to. To me, those aren't major problems and occurred months after my purchase.The phone is good for the price, and Boost Mobile is a good carrier. I tested my ZTE against my husband's Samsung Galaxy S2 on Sprint and my phone was just as fast, if not faster.So overall, if you're looking for a solid phone on Boost Mobile for a good price that won't let you down in the long run, I recommend this phone.

This phone is just great. Cleary the best unlimited plan also for only 55 dollars you get unlimited text, data, messaging, calls! Saves you so much money than going with att or tmobile or somewhere. It also works great too and i would say nothing is really wrong with this phone except the vibrate ringtone isnt that strong. SO its a great deal and im sure anyone will like this phone

Very unsatisfied customer experience will never buy a phone on line ever again the phone they sold me was "new" in box but when i call boost mobile to get it activated they said it would not link up and won't take the code then they sent me to the tec suport they said the code on the phone was a stolen phone. i was like how it was packaged up unopen??  so this was a waste of my money and time. ( WARNING TO EVERYONE THAT WANTS TO BUY FROM THEM!!!!!!!  DON'T DO IT!!! )

Hello.  I bought this phone from a Boost Dealer about a year ago.  I encourage you to NOT buy this phone.  I owned this phone for almost a year to the day and within a few months after purchasing the phone it constantly froze on me, hung up during calls(because cheek was touching screen), would freeze when I went to answer important phone calls, and sometimes the keyboard would go wacky on me.  I had to remove the battery at least 4 times a day, then a day before the one year anniverary of our love affair (GAG!) the USB connection decided it didn't want to work anymore.....Oh, and let me mention, the camera totally sucks.  Save your money, you can get much better for the same price......when these first came out, I paid $200....total waste of money.  It's a miracle I didn't run it over and over and over before it acutally went caput.  This phone caused me nothing but aggravation, and because I am a independent contractor, I also lost money.

Had this phone for a few weeks now, loaded abunch of apps, ebooks, music, and a few movies.  Apps are working great so far, have not found any glitches, movement and video quality is impecable. Screen resolution is SUPER clear on apps book text and video.  Sound is awesome! Has a standard headphone jack but only use it in public. I have music playing just on phone most of the time now. Screen size is very nice, especially for the price comparison with most 5 or 7 inch otpions. Definitely recommend this phone for anyone!

I wanted to own a smartphone, but I didn't want to be locked into a 2-year contract which would cost hundreds to cancel. This ZTE phone through Boost Mobile fit the bill perfectly, and the bang for your buck comes with the "shrinking bill." When you pay your monthly bill on time for 18 months your bill goes down $15.00 per month. You can't beat that. The phone is the perfect size and is feature rich. The screen is nice and bright---perfect for playing games and surfing the web, and the colors are vibrant. The reader has a "night reading" feature which changes the screen to black and the letters to white and you can enlarge the font.  That is so much easier on the eyes, especially when I'm reading on the bus and the lighting is dim at best. Actually there are some other great features with the reader function. Perhaps all smartphones have the same features. I just know that I'm impressed that I can actually enjoy reading on a 4.3 inch screen. I've had no problems with the phone other than the sound quality of calls being a little fuzzy. I have to admit that I use the phone for reading, playing games, and surfing the web far more than I use it to make calls. Battery life isn't great as is the case with almost all smartphones, however, you can use the phone while it's charging. The downside to that is the cord isn't very long so you have to be close to an outlet. I'm really pleased with this surprisingly affordable phone and it's a plus to have the Android Gingerbread operating system in place. It's fast and easy to use. The price on Amazon is pretty good but I got a better deal buying the phone from Boost. I would recommend this phone to first-time smartphone buyers and anyone who wants a great 3G, Wi-Fi enabled smartphone with no contract. That's the best feature of all. I can't speak to the longevity of the phone---it's too early to tell if this phone will last for the long haul. But I can definately say so far, so good. One last comment: I found a package on Amazon which included a nice, sturdy phone case with a magnetic closure, a car charger, USB cable, and an electric outlet charger for a very reasonable price. I like having the extra chargers and the USB cable, which was not included with the phone, is a plus when I want to download from my PC.

Got a Boost Mobile ZTE Warp and when it proved to have a defective charging port, they refused to honor their warrantee. I had it for only 2 months and had to make numerous calls to their cust. service, which is in India. It didn't matter that I had not abused their defective product, they just were not going to make it right. Choose another brand, if you want a phone that works

I think this phone gave me the most trouble then any other phone I've ever owned, period. Boost Mobile could not even help me even though they tried their hardest and I give them &#34;A&#34; for effort. This phone would say, &#34;no service&#34; instantly for no reason. Only an act of congress could get it back on. Then if you could manage to get it on it took about another five to ten minutes, before it was back to the same thing. During the time it was working properly at all, the signal was very poor. This was my personal experience in the, below sea level area of Lousiana.

II love the phone.... I have had no issues at all with this phone. Takes great pics. Very easy to use. Love the big screen. Would recommend. Its cheap plan to.... very nice.

I had purchased two of these phones (one for me and one for my wife), in an attempt to get out from under a contract.  Prior to purchasing the ZTE Warp, I had never heard of ZTE before, so I did a lot of background checking on this phone.  What I found were mixed reviews, but the consensus was that the ZTE Warp was a good phone for the money paid.  What drew us to this phone was the screen size and not being under a contract anymore.  Once we got the phones, we had some problems that neither of us could deal with anymore.  Enough so that we returned the phones and renewed a contract...What I liked:-Large screen size-Fast, smooth transitions between screens-Apps loaded fastWhat I did not like:-For some reason, joining contacts was impossible for this phone... and I tried to find a way.-Multiple freezes per day-Multiple crash/reboots per day-This is more of a Boost mobile issue, but despite the customer service being very helpful, they were difficult tounderstand as their operators had limited English or thick accents.The freezing up of the phone happened 3-4 times per day (on a good day) and on the last day I had the phone, it happened 10 times.  Each time I would need to remove the battery and restart the phone.  This was made horribly annoying by the fact that I had a case on the phone that was almost impossible to remove without injuring yourself.  The phone freezing up seemed to happen most during use of apps.The phone crashing and rebooting happened frequently as well.  Not as much as the phone freezing up, but I'd say on average 2-5 times per day the phone would reboot.  There did not seem to be any pattern to the reboot either.  At times the phone was just sitting out in the open, at other times, was during use or even phone calls.I very rarely return items that I purchase, and I tend to find a way to make something work, especially with electronics.  I'm not the most tech savvy, but I can research something enough and find out how to get something to work properly enough.  I just was not able to do that with this phone.  So, I finally broke down and sent them back to Amazon.  I pray my refund will be full and quick.

I've tried about 10 different cellphones from Walmart and this phone was my 2nd favorite. The first was HTC.ZTE Warp is fast and can keep up with my moms dual core Samsung Galaxy phone and the ZTE is much better than the Galaxy that she has.I haven't had any problems with my phone. The battery will last me a full day after installing Clean Master app. My phone works very well streaming Netflix and remotely connecting to my Win8 computer using Splashtop app.

If you like phones that make calls, play games, the ear piece doesn't mute randomly, and doesn't freeze and/or turn off by themselves then this phone isn't for you.The software update didn't do much to solve anything.  What a POS.

I upgraded from a prevail to this phone. At first it was waaaaaaaay better than the prevail, but after a while the phone just has issues. Every time I would use navigation it would reset itself and I would be driving on the freeway not knowing where I'm going. Other apps would also freeze the phone. I have since bought the evo design which is way better and doesn't freeze. If you can afford it, stay away from this one.

i upgraded to the zte warp  its a great phone it does everything a smart phone does  but talk back to you

Amazing screen. Snappy Operating system. I have had this phone a month now and have had zero issues with it. I would highly recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a great prepaid Android phone. Definitely the best bang for your buck with this phone!

Great phone and the price was excellent. Went to best buy and they couldn't even come close to the price. what a deal on a nice phone!

after on week the earpiece went out on the phone the only way i coukd hear anyone is if i had it on speaker phone>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

For a smart phone the zte works.It beat my ex.

I have had this phone for 6 months and LOVED it.  Never had ONE problem until today.  It wigged out on me completely.  Was totally unusable.  Contacted the manufacturer ZTE as informed to do by Amazon.  They are NOT customer friendly and I would rather NOT, after my experience with them today, send them my phone and pay the shipping cost.  I'd rather just get another phone thru another manufacturer!  Sometimes I just have to bite the bullet and this is one of those times!

The ZTE Warp I purchased had a wonderful screen and performed admirably for two days. after that it would drop data, apps would just disappear, the battery lasted for less then 5 hours before a charge was needed. I had all the excess functions turned off and it still sucked power. The back of the phone gets REALLY hot. The apps would not update, even after repeat settings to "auto update." Boost stores were of no help with troubleshooting or updates.I cannot recommend this model to anyone. If you buy one though, good luck--your gonna need it. I'll stick to Samsung or other brands from now on.As for the cellular service, I cannot comment, the Warp kept dropping signals, even less then 100 ft from a tower.Never again.

Very sharp looking phone, its extremely fast navigating from page to page and the service in southern Ma and RI is excellent. The 3G service very good and so is the navigation on this phone.  I switched from metro PCS and couldn't be happier with this phone and the boost service.

Update on Jan. 30, 2013: Phone doesn't ring sometimes when someone calls. This could be a big problem if your work depends on it or if there is an emergency call from someone in need. I checked trade-in value on two sites and it is $0. I also went on ask.com to see if others were having the same issue and there is a running thread of people with same or other problems with this phone.April 9, 2012 I ordered the phone yesterday (Sunday) and it was on my doorstep today (Monday). I previously had Samsung Seek for 15 months. This has much faster internet. I had tried out the Sanyo Innuendo which is not touchscreen and has ridiculously slow internet as does the Samsung Galaxy Prevail. I love this for the large screen size. The Prevail's touchscreen to text was difficult as the letters were close together. With the larger screen on the Warp, it's no problem to tap the letters. The internet speed (meaning how fast it goes from typing web address to the website coming up on the screen) is superior to the other phones that I mentioned.

Straight to the point..it looks good, works fair. (((BUT))) if you download animated screen savers, different types of themes, widgets etc. there will be (GUARANTEED) heavy freezing & rebooting unconsciously!! & good luck with talking with "zte" customer service.If they were to resolve this problem, it would be hands down 1 of the better boostmobile phones. But seriously doubt if thats gonna happen.

This phone is a piece of crap. I brought two for each of my daughter and we have experienced nothing but trouble from these phones from day 1. It CONSTANTLY freezes up. It CONSTANTLY powers down and powers up on its own and I would say oh, I just purchased a defective phone, but NO! Both phones does the same thing all the time. I wouldn't suggest this purchase to anyone. Please. you have been warned. Purchase at own risk!

I love big phones and so when I saw this 4.3 in. screen I was immediately attracted. I usually don't buy brand new phones, and so I looked for a &#34;refurbished by amazon&#34; phone that I hoped would be decent. I got the phone and within the first day, it probably froze and shut off at least 3 times. I gave it some time to make sure it wasn't anything that I was doing but the problems just kept getting worse and worse. I did send it back a couple of days ago and I am waiting for my refund so that I can go ahead and buy a brand new phone and call it a day.

Great Phone! Great Price for the plan on Boost Mobile. No more contracts for me. 3g speed no lag on touchscreen. Only problem as with most smartphones is the auto complete when typing. Other than I love it!

Item is not worth the time of day all my daughter has done is complain about how she has to keep turning on and off the phone also she has to remove the battery quite a bit to get it to work.  The phone will also drop a call and the music would start playing.  All in all DO NOT BUY THE PHONE EVEN THE DEALER SAYS THEY HAVE ALL KINDS OF TROUBLE WITH THE PHONE!!!

I liked this for when i 1st bought it.It was the cheapest android phone that boost mobile offered and had the largest screen that boost offered at the time. Battery life was what you would expect from and android phone, nothing amazing.After 1 year I started having problems with the phone, locking up, freezing, shutting off in the middle of phone calls, not getting calls at all[people would say i called you but you didn't answer, nor did it register a missed call],not receiving text for hours sometimes days after they were sent to me.certain apps are not compatible with this phone ie scramble with friends.So after having the phone for 18-19 months i'm tired of all the problems and looking for a new phone.I like the boost's pricing but not its phone selection,they are owned by Sprint, i don't get it.guess i'll stick to a major brand next time,but those have problems also just more accessories..

I will start with the positive aspects:Ample space compared to my old Sansung Galaxy Prevail. If you love to download and delete apps like I do, that is definitely a plus.I love the size of the screen. (Has been considered chunky to people with smaller hands.)That will conclude that section for now. Perhaps it's because I've become jaded that I can't think of many positive things to say about it.Here are the negative things I have got to say...Random shutting off/ Random freezing.Preinstalled apps that you have to pay money for to use. The office thing.Preinstalled programs I don't want to use. The ID thing.Text are sometimes recieved days later.Phone calls are of fuzzy quality when I call or recieve calls from out of state.Often when I recieve text messages or emails,my music will start up. Totally not cool if you listen to music with any kind of raunchy lyrics that you don't need other people to hear.My phone shut down completely. Was working 20 minutes earlier! I called the carrier, who referred me to the zte warrenty people. I contacted the warrenty people in China who were very hard to understand. Very thick accents, which is not bad exept for the fact that I can't conduct proper buisness unless I can understand what the other party is saying! What should have been a 5 minute conversation turned into 25 mins. The lady said that she would send me an email which mever came. I had to send them an email first two days later. They emailed me back with instructions. It's been four days and no response. I'm paying a bill that isn't even good for this month! Money down the drain for a crappy phone that just decided to cease function one day. No real help for the warrenty. I am really not happy to say the least.I would recommend buying a phone with better customer service. This is a real head ache and I have really no way of getting my buisness done other than my phone.Well I will say that it's kind of a cool phone.... It is like a child with emotional problems because it came from a family that doesn't care.

when I got the phone boost mobile checked it and said it was no good the phone was a defect and I was very disappointed to pay to ship it back and extrA for next day delivery

I pnly had the phone for three weeks. From day one when I opened it, it was freezing, reboot it self, any app I install, it would freeze, shut off on its own.  This phone had its mind of its own.

My son loves his phone, it freezes up now and then but they all do it was a great value..

I was with one carrier who shall remain nameless because that would be indiscreet but they rhyme with Schmetro Schpcs. Was with them for 10 years and moved on to another carrier who turned out to be even worse. Again no names but rhymes with Schmirgin Schmobile. With the last carrier my phone crapped out and found out that lots of other customers had had the same issue with said phone and kept getting the runaround in terms of replacing it with a better phone. The replacements kept messing up, all due to a flaw that could easily be fixed but anyway, as soon as I saw this phone on the Boost website I was hooked. I'm a sucker for a big screen as I watch a lot of videos and I text alot and it helps to not have to squint at the screen. I did alot of research for this phone and jotted down all the "cons" that people were mentioning. As soon as I got the phone and took it out of the box it was like I could hear angels singing in the background. Of course for the next two weeks I paid special attention to the cons and to my surprise not one of them applied to my handset. Not one. Yes it's got short battery life when you're using it to download stuff or play games, every phone is like that. I saw cons ranging everywhere from low ringer volume to cheaply made buttons. The low ringer volume was an easy fix, apps for that. Buttons are just fine. It has frozen up a couple times for a few seconds. The music randomly playing would have been a con but I read about how one guy fixed his issue and I did the same thing and no problems since. Low alarm clock volume. Again there's an app for that, I downloaded some loud siren apps and they do the trick.  Let's see what else, oh yeah the camera. People were saying it takes horrible pictures but I've taken about a dozen photos with and without flash and they've all come out really clear (love the dedicated camera button, my last two phones did not have one)And although not a con so much as a pain in the butt, batteries for the phone are hard to find. I recently ordered a higher capacity battery for the ZTE on EBAY for 5 bucks, although it's being shipped from China. Accessories as a whole though are pretty easy to find. I can't think of any reason that I would have to change phones again. Boost customer service was also a con I saw but the 3 times I had to reach them it was minimal hold time, reasonably fast customer service time and everyone spoke English really well. Okay well I'm outta here, gonna go and hug my phone again. I mean uhmm...for the first time. Wait was that out loud?

This phone will freeze during a phone call. Doesnt get good reception. Just a horrible phone!! It not worth the money!!

I have had a ZTE Warp since the week they came out over a year ago. Personally I think it is a pretty great phone. I have had virtually no problems with mine and the big screen is great. Battery lasts all day. Camera is not the best, but not too shabby. It occasionally crashes - but so does every other Android phone. If you can pick one up cheap (under a hundred) they are a great deal in my opinion. Most Android crashes seem to stem from software apps that crashes the phone. Facebook app will crash almost any phone....

I purchased this ZTE Warp Android Smartphone (Boost Mobile) for my wife in March of 2012. It worked great and boost mobile service is very good in our area. The problem is that after only 4 months of average usage the ear piece stopped working and my wife had to start using the speaker whenever talking to someone on the phone. As you can imagine this is not only annoying for those around but also removes any privacy one might want/need. I had to break down and buy another phone because of this. I have primarily owned LG and Samsung phones and this was my first ZTE brand phone. I must say that I will never purchase a ZTE phone again and definitely don't recommend it to anyone.

My phone locks up all the time.....not happy at all with it..LOOKING FOR A NEW PHONE. I SUGGEST NOT TO GET THIS ON!!!

The phone was broke and i put insurance on the phone and i couldnt get it fixed or get a new one. I bought assecories for the phone so it was a big waste of money.

Well first off the price is what attracted me to it because on Boost's website this phone is much higher.  So, since I was buying it as a gift the cheaper the better.  Received the phone on time just as the Seller stated in the 'product has shipped' e-mail.  When it arrived I was so excited (even more so because the phone I ordered thru amazon said mine wouldn't be in until between march 25-April 4).  My boyfriend opened it up and at first he was leary because even though his Galaxy Prevail was on it's last leg he was still trying to hold on.  He turned it, looked at it, and has been smiling ever since.  The only thing he doesn't like is when texting the word appears for you and he doesn't know hot to tap the word to make it dissappear nor does he he want me to change his message settings.  So that's the only negative thing I have to say and it's not even about the phone it was me thinking &#34;he's so darn stubborn!&#34;

I was very disappointed after I have half the phone this morning I called to meet when it the problem of the phone still has a dead battery that constantly keep going to ask phone click off at any given time I am NOT very happy with this phone

Bought this for my husband and he loves it.  Has very good functional apps. Was a 6 year ATT customer, and am glad I switched. Almost good as an IPhone.  Battery drains fast when using navigator/GPS.  I highly recommend this purchase.

The phone is rebooting all the time. The phone can only work on speaker. The connection is extremely bad. I have a lot of drop calls.

I'll start by saying that I had to leave my Boost mobile Blackberry 8520 Due to BB non-existing Apps! I Got tired of paying so much a month for nothing. So, i went shopping, Amazon Style and came across the ZTE Warp! (Let me say i Got it The NEXT DAY!!!! That alone Impressed me lmao). Whut got me to really Purchase da phone is Screen Size. Its beautiful to have such a big screen after having the BB small screen. Second, Android OS is Great! If u cant afford Apple this is definitely the route u want to go!! Third, it comes with flash for camera and the Size of the Internal Memory (jus about 3 gigs!!). U get a 32 gig mini sd card and ur freakin Straight!!! Now, the cons. I had a problem wit the constant Force Closes which were gettin sooo Annoying i was just about to Return da damn thing! But being new to Android i did some Research and found out that u need to make use of the Task Manager! At first i got one thru the Android Market but found out the one that comes wit the phone is just as good. U need to stay on top of the "Running Apps" So they don't freeze the phone up. After that, I'm Off and Running ;-)! I only download apps that i need, some r for fun but im careful and stay within the Android Market apps. So for anyone having trouble wit their phone or thinking of buying this or any other phone for that matter, do ur Homework and Research And you'll Be A-OK ;-) U Wont Regret It! (I dont). Also, the reason for da Four star Rating is because NOTHING IS PERFECT! Especially wen it comes to Smartphones!

A great phone. does everything a droid would do on a 2.3.5 operating system and on a low monthly plan.only thing bad about this phone is that the vibrate is weak and the ringtone voulme is low but other than that it is a well rounded phone

After 30 days, if you want ZTE to repair your phone....GOOD LUCK! They are GREEDY, HEARTLESS, and have every EXCUSE in the book to just "Make you GIVE UP AND GO AWAY"!!They STOLE my personal property, took forever to fix this problematic nightmare Warp....and wasted Hours of my time with Emails back and forth! They DO NOT CARE AT ALL ABOUT REPEAT BUSINESS. They have to know that I would NEVER buy a ZTE PRODUCT again. Not.a single Customer would buy their products if thry were treated like I was, OR...if they knew ahead of time that ZTE DOES NOT WANT TO HONOR THEIR 1 year warranty. There are Good American Companies or Foreign manufacturers with excellant Customer service reputations, so take my advice....skip this Chinese ZTE Company and go with a well known manufacturer.

The only good thing I can say about this phone is the big screen. This phone is crap. The signal strength is inconsistent. Half the time, my screen will not turn on when I'm on a phone call. If I want to hang up, I literally have to remove the battery. My phone turns itself off at random times (even when I'm on a phone call) everyday. I miss multiple phone calls and texts everyday because the phone won't even ring. Biggest piece of junk on the market. Thank goodness that I purchased a warranty from Best Buy when I bought this phone. Will not purchase from this brand again.

My second Boost phone after the Prevail, another one bit the dust! the phone looked great, HUGE screen and most smart phone options. I had my Warp about a week and it totally crapped out, calls wouldnt hang up, music wouldnt play, it turned into a nice looking paperweight. I sent it back with no hassle and got a full refund from Amazon. They knew I would be back. Boost has great service, and just pretty good phones, ended up with the LG Marquee. We'll see how it goes.

When i got my phone, right away i started experiencing glitches and the phone was shutting down randomly and then none of my apps were working.

This is a great phone.  We've been using it for a couple of years now, and it works perfectly.  Very handy indeed for calls, texts, and short surf's on the net.  My wife has become very attached to this phone.  If you want a good reliable android phone with good service at reasonable prices, then this is the phone for you, and Boost is the place to be.  We get unlimited service, phone, text, and net, for this smart phone for 40 dollars a month now.  Can't be beat.

Very happy with this phone just wish the carrier would become a better provider. If your looking for a good phone i recommend you buy this one

not sure if it is carrier or Phone with I knew, bit it's working came fast and just as expected

I love this phone!!! Prior to getting the Warp I always had 'dumbphones' so I can't say how the Warp compares to other smart phones. I can say that I love (and many people are envious of) the large screen the Warp has. I also know Boost's service plan is awesome. My service is $55 a month for talk, text, and data with no contract! How can you beat it? Plus, I get cell service everywhere. It's fast enough that I can stream Pandora, and Netflix. It has a large memory for storing music, books, videos, etc. The only drawback I can think of is that it uses a lot of battery power if you frequently use lots of aps, so have a charger close by. I would also recommend getting a screen protector otherwise the normally responsive touch screen slows down when it gets dirty.

After experiencing problems with my boost mobile Blackberry model 8330 I decided to upgrade. Circulation of the ZTE Android is limited so I couldn't locate one through a retailer. However, I ordered it direct through Boost Mobile and it arrive in three days. Boost Mobile customer service activated the new phone and kept my original phone number without charge.Pros:The phone is impressive with a 5.1" height.It has a reasonably large touchscreen (for videos & touchscreen apps)It weights only 4.93 ouncesFeatures a 5MP CameraCons:Despite a reasonable variety of accessories available through the Boost Mobile store and elsewhere (ebay; amazon; android central) it remains difficult to find high quality cases such as the Otter Case (retails for approx. $50), which was recommended to protect the phone. Did find some flimsy rubber cases.Accessories available through Boost Mobile:- Universal Screen Protectors- In Stock SanDisk 8GB Mobile Ultra(tm) microSDHC Memory Card w/ Reader- In Stock Micro-USB vehicle power charger PLUS- In Stock Plantronics M100 Bluetooth Headset- In Stock LG Stereo Bluetooth Headset HBS-700Over the month I've had the phone there has been only one service interruption, which never reoccurred. Further, I prefer prepaid to contracts service because it makes good financial sense although I can certainly afford the either. I have had a long standing relationship with several contract phone carriers although Boost Mobile remains the best prepaid phone service. Perhaps, a wider variety of cases will become available over the upcoming months. I rated the phone with 5-stars despite the challenges associated with finding a better after-market quality case.

Freezes everyday and there is no more updates. It shouts down and sometimes restarts. There is no fix. It looks good and feel nice but that is all.

I ordered this phone it was unbelievable a great deal ! Same phone in store way over price great quality great deal !wooooooooow keep bring these great & unbelievable deals ! I Will continue shopping with u ! Thanks again :)

I can't understand all the good reviews??? Must be newbies.This thing is total junk, After 6 months of light use I have found it rebooting every few hours of every day with no software installed other than the stock apps.. If you have to go with boost mobile go with any other phone other than this junk. Bluetooth is flakey as well as the GPS, WIFI is ok and that's the only thing that works like it should that is if the phone don't reboot on ya.Spend the extra 100.00 and get a real phone, don't wast your time on this thing you'll regret it!Now I'm back to spend another 300.00 for a real phone This 1 will most likely go in the trash can.

I bought this phone Dec. 2012. At first I loved it; huge screen, took awesome pics. But then after a week, it started to play music on its own. In addition to that, after a month, it started to freeze and shut on/off on its own. I continuously had to take the battery out once a day! (Not exaggerating)!Finally, after 10 months, it just crashed. The battery life is almost non-existent and if it dies, the only way I can get it to turn back on is if I put the charger in.This phone is a waste of money!

This is my first smart phone and I love it. Does everything I need it to and more.Good:-Big screen-Easy to figure out-Has everything the expensive smart phones have but for a cheaper price.-You can plug regular headphones into it.-Has a great camera.Bad:-It does freeze up but it has a handy little reset button right above the camera under the cover (so you don't have to yank the battery.-Short battery life if you like to play games. Its like a little computer. The more you use it the more the battery dies but when its plugged up you can go to town with it.-Have yet to find an app that uses the camera flash as a flashlight.I can't remember everything I like about it. The good things make up for the bad things. I would say get this phone as long as you get boost mobile cooverage. I love it and I've had it for about a month.Update as of march 1st 2012.The time I had this phone it was great. I dreaded leaving it for a new one but I moved and it didn't have good service so another android phone was the way to go. I would still say get the warp but double check the coverage area. You don't want a phone that dosent get good service because no matter how awesome the phone is, its features are very limited without good service. Now this being said, its a lot more expensive but verizon has great service. The phone I have now is going between 3g and 4g service everywhere......so far.

this phone brand new at radio shack is $80,...just wanted to let people know before they pay $189.00. I had one and never had any problems with it myself

Edited:I will leave the review as originally posted, but add this addendum. I do not recommend this phone at any price. It was a great phone for the first 9 months. Then it simply began falling apart. Tremendously unstable, and then at the 13 month mark it simply quit working. Just died.The phone began having tremendous stability problems that were not resolved with a full wipe and restore towards the end of the warrant life. I had nothing but increasing frustration with the microphone on the phone. Callers reported huge issues hearing me. The smallest piece of dust and usual day to day dirt could clog the microphone making it unusable except in speakerphone mode. It froze up all the time during calls, answering calls.Last week, it spontaneously rebooted and restarted into the recovery mode. The down volume key was apparently stuck, causing this. The phone could not be fixed. It simply quit working.Avoid this phone at all costs.Original review follows:---You cannot find a better phone for the money. Period. Add a good value on the Boost service and you'll never look back to whatever overpriced plan you came from. I don't know why most people never think of prepaid. I used to pay well north of $120/month back in the day for unlimited service. This phone is fantastic. It's thin, solidly built, very brisk to respond, and absolutely brimming with storage space.-=Things I like=-It's got a nice, bright 4.3" diagonal screen. The touch screen is both durable and sensitive. I've used it with rubber gloves on and never had it fail to pick up a touch.It comes with a 1ghz processor which is more than adequate for anything I've run. Full screen Netflix, no problem. About 95% of the games in the Android Market, no problem.The operating system isn't too cluttered with a bunch of bloatware. It ships with 2.3.5 of the Android OS. You get some, but not a lot. There's Documents to Go, something called MobileID, and that's pretty much it. That leaves a healthy 2.25+ gig available onboard for application storage. It also includes a 2gb micro SD card as well, but I have yet to put a single application on the card itself. I have about 150 apps installed and there's still 1.8 gig remaining internally.Battery life is decent. No better or worse than any other Android phone. 10-12 hours of normal use for me -- email, bit of web, few calls, etc..Price is quite good. I paid over $200 about a month ago and was happy for what I got then.One Click Root available for the phone. I updated my phone to the latest firmware (B08) which you can do over the air on the phone for some stability improvements. Then I downloaded the one click root app and had root in about 5 minutes. Absolutely slick. It's amazing what you can do with the Android OS when you have root. Free WiFi tethering for instance. Undetectable tracking programs if you lose your phone. Ad-Block. Being able to delete the preinstalled bloatware. And that's just the start.-=Things that are okay=-The camera. It's pretty lackluster. They claim 5 MP. Yeah, it has 5 MP. But it's not a good quality 5MP. You get a grainy picture you can enlarge more at 5MP. Shutter time is pretty unimpressive too. It takes a few seconds after you hit the button to focus and capture. It has autofocus, so those barcode scanner apps WILL work on it. The AF is slow. The camera LED is absolutely AWFUL. It creates such a ghastly tint on pictures, it's not even worth using.Very few aftermarket apps and accessories. I found an case that was okay. It's a rubber case to protect against short drops.-=Things that are absolute fail=-Ringer volume is far too quiet as a stock phone. Even turned up all the way, it's still VERY quiet compared to some phones. I found an equalizer program in the market and used that to boost the volume and also amplified my ring tones as well.No OEM or aftermarket batteries. The way smartphones chew through batteries, it's only a matter of time until you kill the battery. What do you do then? I guess throw the phone away.XT9 text input. It's junk. I hated it. Swype is 100 times better. XT9 looks cheap, feels cheap, doesn't work, and just generally is an awful implementation. I use a free trace type app from the Android market to replace the phone.Dialer itself is very clunky and irritating to use. Again, found a third-party market app to replace the stock dialer.MobileID -- Boost and Sprint tout this MobileID program on these phones. It's basically a skinning app. They have all of 4 to chose from and they're all horrid. All it does is install some crazy launcher, a bunch of apps you don't need, hideous ringtones, and then add some wallpaper you wish you never saw. After I rooted the phone, this was the first thing I deleted.---Despite the ho hum parts, it is a fantastic phone for the money. Good solid feel, reliable, and speedy with lots of storage to play with.

Freezes up all the time. I used this phone for about four months during which time it froze up more often than it did not. I was very disappointed in it and I was happy to replace it when I could afford to. the only reason I'm not giving it one star is because it did actually work sometimes for which I was grateful.

(The main attraction of this phone is actually the service provider, Boost Mobile.  While the cost, terms, and quality of Boost Mobile's voice and data services would greatly influence a user's experience with this phone, those are outside of the scope of this review.)I was initially hesitant to buy the ZTE Warp, because of my lack of familiarity with the manufacturer. Don't let that stop you - I think this is the best value in Boost Mobile's current smartphone lineup.The phone comes with a wall charger adapter with a single USB female plug, a USB A male-to-micro B charging/data cable, a brief "Getting Started" manual, a more detailed user manual, an "Activation Kit" manual, and a Qmadix screen protector.Since this device is a phone, I should first mention that sound quality for voice calls is very good.  I haven't had any problems with reception, but Sprint has good coverage where I live.The ZTE Warp has a 1 GHz single-core CPU, which is far from cutting edge, but it is more than adequate.  There is no lag at all when scrolling or transitioning between screens, even using fancy effects with a launcher app.  Menus and apps load and run very quickly.The screen is responsive to tactile input, with no problems tapping, sliding, or moving icons around.  The screen is large, and looks nice.  It is obviously not in the same league as a Super AMOLED or Retina Display, but this is not an issue unless you are doing a side by side comparison.I have large fingers, and find it easy to type with the phone in landscape orientation, somewhat less easy in portrait.  XT9's auto-correct feature sometimes changes words from what I've already manually (and correctly) typed to something else.  This isn't sufficiently annoying to prompt me to install an alternative, yet.There is very little bloatware.  There is MobileID, which is a useless theme/skin app. (GO Launcher EX, LauncherPro, and ADWLauncher are far superior.)  There is also BoostZone, which provides easy access to your account information and self-help guides, but doesn't do anything you couldn't already accomplish by browsing Boost Mobile's web site.  These apps cannot be deleted without rooting the phone.  Other than that, you get the stock 2.3.5 Android (Gingerbread) OS, and can customize it to your liking.As mentioned in another Amazon review, rooting the phone is easily done via One Click Root.  Doing so voids the warranty, and so I do not plan to root until it expires.  There are tutorials on Android user forums and videos that explain the process, if you want to do it.Though I don't expect any camera phone to perform as well as a dedicated digital camera, I have to say that the ZTE Warp's pictures and video are, to put it kindly, suboptimal.  The autofocus takes a while to lock on, so there is typically about a two second lag between pressing the camera button and acquiring the image.  My phone's LED flash does not result in the "ghastly tint" described in another Amazon review, but there is some normal variation in tint between individual LEDs.  I was fortunate enough to get a neutral tinted LED, and the other reviewer probably got a blue or green tinted one.  I do not take pictures with the phone frequently, and so I haven't bothered to install an app to improve camera performance (though I've read that HDR Camera for Android is good).The bezel of the camera and flash sticks out a bit from the back of the camera, so it is possible to scratch the lens by setting the phone down on its back.  However, most users will use some sort of case, cover, or skin to protect the phone, which should counteract this design quirk.I have not figured out how to turn on the flash LED for illumination while taking a video.  After reading the user manual, fiddling with the phone, perusing a few Android user forums, and reading and watching numerous reviews, I have come to the conclusion that it can't be done.  If anybody knows how to do it, please post or comment!  Also, I haven't found a (free) flashlight app that can access and control the phone's LED.  However, I am a "flashaholic", and I always carry at least one "real" flashlight, so I consider this to be a minor disappointment rather than a flaw.Other reviewers have commented that the ringer and speaker are not loud enough.  In my opinion, the volume is adequate, but individual users' needs, sonic environments, and hearing acuity will vary.  The speaker might be inadequate to listen to music, but I think most users would do so with headphones.  The headphone jack is 3.5 mm, by the way.I have not experienced any lockups or reboots yet.  When I bought the phone, I charged the battery, activated it, and applied all of the updates (PRL, Profile, "ZTE Software", and firmware) before doing anything else with it.  The phone requires the battery to be charged to a certain level (I think it was 50% - sorry, I don't remember what the prompt said) before downloading and applying all of the updates.  The update menu is found via Settings --> About Phone --> System Updates.  Alternatively, there is an application (Boost Mobile Warp Online Upgrade Tool.exe) for your PC that can be downloaded from zteusa.com to apply updates and to use the phone's "USB debugging" mode.  This is done by connecting your PC and the phone with a USB A-to-micro B cable and running the program (phone drivers need to be installed on the PC).  There is a manual for the software on ZTE's website (Boost Mobile Warp Online Upgrade Tool Introduction.pdf), which is written in "Zhonglish" ("Chinglish"?).  Maybe I'm paranoid, but I don't want to install Chinese software on my PC, so I don't plan to do this. I concede that I am using a Chinese-made phone with access to my Google account and personal contacts, but I don't access bank or brokerage accounts with my phone, nor do I make any purchases other than apps.I have not experienced any force closes yet, but these are probably inevitable unless you somehow manage to install apps that do not conflict with any others (good luck with that).I have not had any problems with using Wi-Fi.  Bluetooth works well with my car's audio system for calls.  I don't use Bluetooth for music in my car, so I can't comment on that feature.  GPS with Google Maps and the stock navigation software doesn't work quite as well as a dedicated GPS device, but it's good enough.Battery life is adequate.  I managed to burn through about 70% of the battery in several hours by downloading and trying out over a dozen GO Launcher EX themes, and letting my kids slingshot enraged birds at pigs and slash fruit in a ninja dojo.  My typical daily usage (several calls, checking email, some web browsing, 15-30 minutes of casual gaming) gets me about 12-14 hours before draining the battery to 10-15%.  Your results will vary.  There are apps that claim to prolong battery life (e.g. Juice Defender), but I use the stock Android widget to turn off Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, GPS, and 3G manually when they are not needed, and I find that this suffices.I cannot find any retailer that sells replacement batteries for the ZTE Warp.  There are third party external backup batteries available, but I would prefer a replacement for the internal battery.  ZTE customer support recommended contacting Boost Mobile, but Boost doesn't have any in stock currently.  Mugen Power does not intend to make extended batteries for the Warp, according to an email dated 28 Nov 2011 from Mugen posted on androidforums.com.  The unavailability of batteries is a potential drawback, but I would assume that they will become available as the number of Warp users increases.There are a number of accessories currently available for the ZTE Warp, which were apparently difficult to find a few months ago.  I bought an Amzer screen protector and Amzer hard case from Amazon.  I found the Warp's screen to be a bit too reflective for my liking, but the screen protector fixed that.If you are satisfied with 3G data speed, don't use apps that require a cutting-edge CPU and/or a dedicated graphics processor, and won't be disappointed if you don't have Ice Cream Sandwich installed on your phone, the ZTE Warp is a great choice.This review tends to focus on the Warp's shortcomings.  However, I wrote it bearing in mind that certain trade-offs must be accepted when value is a higher priority than high-end performance, and thought it would be helpful to highlight those trade-offs.  In that light, I would give the Warp a rating of 4.5 stars based upon its performance for its price.  Since none of my quibbles are major issues (with the possible exception of the camera), and I am generally satisfied with Boost Mobile's pricing and service, in my opinion the Warp's rating deserves rounding up to 5 stars.

Videos, web,and overall phone no problem. However, like most people these days my phone is my camera. WORST PICTURES I HAVE EVER SEEN ON A SMARTPHONE! As soon as the galaxy s 3 becomes available i am done with the warp. It will make a great mobile tablet for my nephew.

I have had this phone for almost 6 months now and just love it.I have read other reviews saying its so bad and freezes up and turns off on its own.I have never had that problem ,the only thing is that its volume is a little low when ringing and battery could be better besides that I love this phone A++++

I've had this phone for probably about 5 months now. Overall, I am not a fan and would never buy another one. In detail...Apps - I am not a heavy apps user, I'd say I'm probably average. The standards, Facebook, The Weather Channel, Fandango, WWF, Draw Something. You know, the basics. Still, this phone seems incapable of handling apps well. The main issue that most people don't recognize is that this phone is exactly like an iPod Touch. You need to manually shut down your apps or they continue running in the background and eat up your memory.Battery - It's an Android. I don't expect Herculian potential from what is essentially a tiny computer with a battery not big enough to sustain much activity. I will say it does seem to drop rather fast. Standby battery life, not too bad. Overall, it's not great though.Technical Issues - Yes, this phone freezes a lot. A LOT. Numerous times it will shut off and turn back on at random, even if I haven't used it at all that day. HOWEVER, almost every review I see about it freezing is shocking. You're NOT supposed to remove the battery. It's akin to unplugging your computer when it freezes. Bad things happen to it, mmkay? You end up damaging the OS by removing the battery when it freezes, which just causes you more problems and subsequently more freezing. Now, this phone will shut off and reboot itself **if you are patient enough**. Sometimes it takes 30 seconds, sometimes 2 minutes. If you leave it alone, 9 times out of 10 it will reboot on it's own. The consistency of it freezing up, despite what I just said, is pretty intolerable.Calls - No real issues here. Some slight lag on button press on a rare occasion.Texts - It's pretty common that I have to restart my phone to send and receive texts in a timely fashion. This thing practically craps it's pants if I try to send texts after charging it, which I find to be rather odd and pretty annoying. The truly difficult and irritating part is this... it'll say the messages are sent so you assume the other party has indeed received it. Wrong. After going all day a few times with NO responses to any messages from anyone, I restarted it on a hunch and my hunch proved correct. I got instantly spammed with over 20 messages I had been sent during the day that my phone just didn't feel like receiving. My friends told me that they in fact did not get any messages until that moment, and they got them all at once. I don't think it's a Boost problem, since my Husband has a different phone with them and he's never experienced that issue.Navigation - Pretty middle of the road. Simple at some turns, and frustratingly inane and complicated at others. Some fairly common features of today's technology are missing entirely from this phone. Such as the ability to use custom notification text tones per contact. In fact, some of my custom tones decide to reset to factory default of their own accord rather frequently.!**And one more tidbit... you have to manually update this phone very often. I do it once a week. And it does NOT notify you that it requires an update.**!If I missed anything, shoot me a comment. Feel free to ask any questions about the phone. Overall I would not recommend this phone. I'd say save your money, do your research on the Boost website via reviews, and get something WORTH your hard earned cash.

I got this phone a little over 6 mos ago. It was working great then started to freeze, a lot. The only fix is to take out the battery and restart. Now it doesn't like to ring or even tell me I have a missed call. I thought it was a service problem until I began reading some of the reviews.Battery life will be sucked dry by web surfing. It doesn't matter if you use 3G or Wi-Fi. Freezes at least once every two days. Misses calls regularly. No problem with texts, email, or sms, yet. Voicemail comes in slow and phone will randomly put itself in silent mode.I'm thinking my merry christmas to me present will be an SG2.

I've had my new ZTE Warp Phone for a few months now and I'm enjoying all of it's features. I'm still learning how to maximize on all it does with the help of my grandson who is a little tech. He shows me stuff my phone does that I didn't even know about. It has frozen up on me a few times but this is not a usual thing that happens a lot.

I had the Samsung Galaxy Prevail and was frustrated that the low resolution camera would not scan UPC codes, and that there was not enough space for apps. I was constantly deleting apps to make space for new apps. When Boost added the ZTE Warp to their phone lineup, I was very excited. The ZTE Warp boasted a higher resolution camera and a ton of space in comparison to my little Prevail. I eagerly purchased a Warp.I have never been more disappointed in a phone. After the initial honeymoon period ended, I began to actually try to use my Warp for real-life needs.Battery LifeThe battery life is terrible after the first couple of months (and yes, I followed all the initial charging instructions). I will charge this phone all night long, and it will be complaining that there is only 15% battery left by 9am the next day (after unplugging it at 7am). I have to take a charger with me everywhere I go. Buy a new battery and repeat.Sometimes if I want to use the phone I have to have it plugged into the charger at the same time. This is a major inconvenience. Not to mention, if I move the wrong way the phone powers off.Sometimes when I charge the Warp and I try to turn it one while charging it goes into an endless reboot cycle. One time I counted 15 reboots before I got frustrated enough to unplug it.Oh, and sometimes when I plug this phone into the charger, it refuses to come on. No red light or anything. I have to take out the battery and hold the power button to drain all of the residual electricity before replacing the battery and trying again.FreezingThis phone constantly freezes. It seems that the only thing that get's this phone's attention it taking out the battery and starting all over.CameraThis phone is supposed to have a good camera. The camera sucks. My photos are distorted (and yes, I've cleaned the lense).Incoming messages and callsMy Warp is extremely unreliable when it comes to receiving text messages. People will ask me if I got their text. No, I didn't. As a matter of fact, often it will be quite some time since I receiving any text message. Reboot the phone... and magic: 10 text messages.Incoming calls sometimes also go straight to voicemail in spite of the phone being powered on with decent reception.Demon PossessionI'm convinced this phone is possessed by Satan. Just kidding. But it certainly has a mind of it's own. On the rare time it is actually holding a charge, it will randomly reboot. No warning. If you are in the middle of a phone call, oh well. Call them back and apologize for your piece of crap phone, just remember to tell them that you didn't buy the cheapest phone on the planet, you just got taken for a ride and swindled.I am shopping for a replacement phone, but I've learned my lesson and this time I am doing far more research before wasting my money. Until then, I can only fantasize about the day that I get to smash my ZTE Warp with a hammer.

Within the first month, the battery charger on the phone broke. I had not dropped it, mistreated it, or anysuch misuse. I sent phone back and was instructed that the damage was caused by me and was not under warrenty.......from someone in god knows what country, not the US where the phone was bought. I paid close to $180 for the phone. They did not even bother alerting me they were not covering the phone under warrenty. I had to contact them almost a month after I had to pay to send the phone in. This is a POS run by a POS company. Good luck buying this one.

I've had the ZTE since it came out on sprint and im very satisfied with this phone. Strong and stable. Ive protected my investment with a thick screen protector and rubber body. After 1 and a half years its still looks great and operates great. just got an update last night to the phone which surprised me that they are still updating after this long. That means people are still using their warp :)

The phone always powers off by itself.I MEAN ALWAYS!!!I advise any one not to buy this phone.Amazon great but the Warp is not.

Lets just start at the price...Very Good price for a phone like this...When I first opened the box...I was taken a back by the size of the phone...it is quite large...it is actually bigger than my ipod touch...The large screen is very good for texting...I had the Galaxy Prevail from Boost Mobile before this one, and really liked the swype texting...The Zte Swype texting is terrible...but with the screen size it is very easy to text letter to letter. Phone calls are good on this phone and speaker phone is very good. The ringer volume is very loud...so missing a phone call due to quiet ringtone isn't an option. The camera is very good...I was actually surprised how well this phone took pictures...it does take awhile for the phone to actually take a picture....taking pictures of kids is kind of hard...it does have a flash and auto focus...the flash is pretty pointless...all together the camera feature on this phone is good....The problem I am having so far with this phone is the battery life...Yes, all smartphones are going to have somewhat crappy battery life...but man...the batter isn't the greatest on this phone. listening to music on this phone is great...There is a lot of phone internal memory approx 2.5GB. 4.5 with the mini sd card that comes with the phone. Thus far, I haven't had any problems with this phone...For the price I would definitely suggest this phone. If you are a little leary about the brand ZTE, (which I was to begin with) you could go with boost mobiles newest phone LG Marquee...but that price tag is hefty. ZTE isn't a brand name I know anything about...but brand names have to start somewhere...people didn't know what "LG" was when they first came out...So, hopefully ZTE can make a name for themselves.

DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PHONE. This is the only phone i ever regret buying. It freezes at least 5-6 times each day and you have to remove the battery or it will stay frozen. The 3G is extremly slow as well. This phone makes me want to rip my hair out. Applications barely ever work and the phone will restart at random times. It has just shut off while in my pocket and on important phone calls. If youre looking for a phone to piss you off, this is the one!

This phone has been a problem since the very beginning.  I bought it during the summer and shortly afterwards I had to call the company to walk me through the reboot process because it was frozen up.  We were under a hurricane warning so I knew I needed a cell as it may end up being my only means of communication!  Since that time I have gotten lots of practice rebooting it because it froze up often!  While on vacation it froze and I just thought I was out of service since that is what the screen said.  Turns out it just needed rebooting ... again.  So much for having a phone to help me find my way around a new town.  This morning I woke up to a frozen phone once again.  Had to reboot it 4 times.  Now it is completely dead.  I have been paying Boost's payments on time each month and have not even had it long enough to have my montly payment drop.  Not even 6 months service.  Even my cheap flip phones used to last a LOT longer than this ....Edit: I was finally able to get the phone functioning again (and have added back a couple of stars).  For now.

Of all the cell phones I have owned,this is the worst. I am forever either turning phone off and on or pulling out the battery because it freezes up.I am so sorry I ever paid  $200 for this piece of junk.DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE,YOU WILL REGRET IT.

I bought this phone for my son and it is really not a good phone. It freezes and glitches and the music quality is horrible.

Out of 2.6 million telephone in the US this one has a DEC/MEID # that could not be validated by boost mobile company or Customer Service or online. The customer service rep said that he only seen this happen one other time and he has worked there for 10 years so it might just be a fluke. I'll order one from Boost Mobile store itself rather than online. I will still try to order the same one once my money is returned from  amazon.com I returnd the items and they quickly cand and pick it up and as far as returning my money that has yet to be seen.

very good cell phone .work perfect, i love this phone great i recomended for every people thanks for it .and thanks for fast ship.

great phone for the price when it was $80.... too bad it went up in price or else i would have bought another one. other than that the phone itself is very good.

I got the phone on time..but i had to get a second one..the first one wasfroze up..so had to get another...but other than that..i really do enjoy my new phoneworks great!thanks amamzon!!fast and speedy delivery

i LOVE IT AND GOT EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A GREAT PHONE THIS IS THE ONE

I absolutely love this phone i ordered it on February 8 an paid extra for the faster shipping an got it on the 15th  like they said. good nice phone 2 be on Boost i had 2 get rid of the  prevail it stopped working i strongly recommend the ZET WARP

Overall bad phone...a lot of problems right out of the box. Since day one its constantly freezing, the music randomly turns on and off, apps close unexpectedly, and silences itself (I miss a lot of calls). Long story short beware.

I had to get this phone after a slight mishap with my Samsung Galaxy being knocked into a hot mop bucket while cleaning my kitchen. Originally was going to get a Samsung Galaxy, and had had two of these since August, I decided I wanted a slight upgrade to something that wasn't all the time heating up and turning itsself off and frying out every time I turned around. I know I am pretty hard on phones but just didn't like the Galaxy at all in the end so we actually went and got this phone. It actually came 2 days earlier than what they were projecting which was very good in my books, especially with the free shipping. When I transferred my old boost phone number over to the new phone, I was really not pleased that my shrinkage account was potentially going to no longer be in effect, due to the fact that in less than three months now, it will be lowered to $40. We did get this cleared up so all is well.So far, I have been very happy due to the fast download times, as well as there is virtually hardly any bloatware to speak of compared to my old Boost Phone. Calls are super clear, I have a much bigger screen and the audio is very top quality. I'm also pretty happy with the battery life so far, and don't have to charge nearly as much as I did my old Samsung. It doesn't overheat like my other two phones, and overall this is a pretty great little piece of equipment.My Cons:When I go to charge this phone overnight, it tends to want to shut itself off from time to time. It's only done this twice in two weeks, so I'm keeping a lookout on that.

I did the research for this phone and when i was convinced from all the good reviews that i looked at...i finally went to the boost mobile store and bought it, i dont regret it one bit :) this phone is freakin awesome for a prepaid smartphone and its perfect with the android unlimited monthly plan..i would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to save money and getting out of 2yr contracts!..

The phone was okay, until it stopped charging and it only took about five months. How can I use a phone that doesn't charge.That issue aside, the phone was okay. If you only intend to surf the net and watch videos and use some apps, this phone is fine. It has more than enough space, though it doesn't come with an sd card.Another downfall of the phone was that I couldn't connect my bluetooth or use the wifi. I think that was just a default with the phone I received and isn't a common problem for others.The pictures  on the front facing camera were horrible and the back facing camera was not good also. All in all, I was not ever really satisfied with my phone, considering the bad pictures and not being able to connect with wifi. But since I could do pretty much everything else, I sucked it up. Would never buy this phone again.I will try to see if my warranty will cover the phone and whether they can fix it for free.

Ok, let me begin by saying that I didn't purchase this phone from Amazon.  I have had this phone for less than two months and have had nothing but problems.  The phone will randomly restart, once today during a phone call.  It will freeze and require me to remove the battery to fix it.  It will stop receiving text messages until I restart it.  It will, from time to time, NOT receive phone calls, then the subsequent voice mails will arrive over 4 hours later.  Sometimes it will manage to delete a voice mail on its own as well.  I have had to reset the phone to the factory settings but that didn't help at all.  Now my only recourse is to return the phone to ZTE and be without a phone for at least 2 weeks.  Don't buy this phone.I would like to update this review.  The date is 10/26/2012.  I am now on my second phone and it still doesn't work properly.  At this point I have paid to ship the phone back to ZTE twice, and now they tell me I need to pay to ship it back again.  They replaced the phone after the second return, but the touch screen doesn't recognize my inputs.  I would like to repeat that no one should purchase this phone.

My husband got this phone. He thought it had been sent to him from the heavens. So my son got this phone. He thought it was the most awesome piece of awesomeness that anyone had ever experienced.Finally, my contract was up! I too could bathe in the glory of contract-free, utopian beauty that was the ZTE WARP! I was so excited.... giddy. I had never had an Android type phone. No touch screen. No Angry Birds had graced my screens before.I had planned to visit a couple of local stores, read reviews, make an informed decision. I had looked forward to the experience of picking out a new phone as much as buying one. Yes. I'm a woman. I have trouble deciding what to choose. I love to shop. The new phone was for me. What was the harm in taking my time?My husband had different plans. Because he was actually PAYING for whatever new gadget I would have, HE would pick it out. He decided that since the ZTE WARP was clearly forged in the light of the Holy Spirit and baptized in unicorn tears, I should have nothing else. After all, what was good enough for himself and my son was surely good enuff for me.At first, I too loved this phone. I'd never had anything like it. I've never had the black plague either. (I have a birthday coming up, can't wait) Soon, the men of the house were having trouble with their gifts from God. They both immediately replaced their phones with newer, more shiny models. Within a month, I was having issues too. Now its been over a year and a half. I'm using my Warp to write this review. Honestly surprised I've gotten this far without it shutting down. I can only talk on speaker phone. Most apps don't work. Its called the WARP because someone with a warped sense of decency unleashed this demon on unsuspecting android seekers. RUN! I would but its all I have. I can't afford a new phone. Since this one nearly caused the downfall of my marriage, hubby says he's not going to be involved in my replacing it. Please save yourself. Choose ANY phone but this one!

Very nice 4.3 screen. CPU is faster than that ofMotorola Triumph (Virgin Mobile). GPU allows games to run smoothly. Battery lasts also longer (1500 vs 1380). Plenty of internal storage. Very nice slim design. Better 3G and cell signal strengths. Switched to Boost because Virgin doesn't offer good phones.

twice i had to replace the phone and still had the same problem always freeze up and  can get on the web half the time. customer service is a pain in the butt trying to talked to a human.  thumbs down ,the only good thing is amazon will give thirty days to be happy

THE ZTE LOOKS GOOD,BUT DON'T WORK GOOD.LOST SIGNAL ALL THE TIME ,THE PHONE FREEZESWHEN MAKING A CALL AND THE OTHER PARTY DON'T ANSWER IT WANT HANG UP.THE PHONE TAKE TO LONG TO DOWNLOAD.I WOULDN'T RECOMEND THE PHONE TO MY DOG

I love this phone. It's huge and that is what I wanted. Before this phone I had the LG Optimus V on virgin mobile. It's a great phone but I could only get like ten apps before is started slowing down and freezing. I have over 60 apps on my ZTE Warp and it has not slowed down at all. It does freeze if I don't restart it once per day but other than that I have had no problems with it. I'm just in love with it. It's very fast and the screen is responsive. I highly recommend this phone to anyone who wants a big fast phone.

I loved this phone from day one,the screen size is what got me the phone is just wonderful i was going to upgrade to the Evo but i couldnt let my baebe go,even when i get the new Samsung Galaxy S II By boost umma still keep my great ZTE Warp :)

step up from the last boost mobile phone I bought my daughter. Very nice and slick. Has all the features that your fancy over priced phones have without the cost.

i ordered this phone cause the price was amazing and i received it really fast. i love the big screen and the features. my boyfriend use to have the same phone and i loved playing angry birds on his phone. i havnt tested the call service cause im waiting for my other phones mins to run out but when they do im excited for my new phone.

After owning the Motorola i1 on Boost and watching the gradual rate of neglect grow on the part of MOTO, I decided to seek a newer handset with a bigger screen and updated OS.  At first, I was set on buying teh LG OPtimus S, but after the purchase and the knowledge of it being a rooted phone from Sprint, I had to make yet another decision as to what next.  I decided that cost-wise, the ZTE Warp wouild fit my budget well, I was never more wrong before as, after taxes, it came to $264.  The purchase was made in March of this year and I was pleased with it for about two weeks, thats all, two weeks.  It was then that I began to experience a wealth of bugs and serious issues that I'd never seen before.  I consulted the place where i bought it and got nowhere as to how they could be fixed.  So, after about two months of remaining as optimistic as I could, I started to explore the return policies of A)the manufacturer and B)the service provider and C)the retailer.  Starting with the last, reltailer said they offered a 30-day return service after which I would have to go to BOOST or ZTE...cancelled C) out.  Next, I inquired online at boostmobile.com and discovered that since i didn't purchase on their website, i couldn't be helped.  Lastly and the most interestingly, ZTE explained i would need to send to repair facility in TX so I printed their label and boxed up to ship out.  ABout 12 days later, it was returned to me all alone in a box with no sufficient packing materials!!!There was now report, log or repairs, or evaluation summary to reference for my review.  I was very alarmed by that and contacted ZTE once again to ahich i was told they dont include any type of summary.  SO, i am closely examining my newly repaired Warp and sure enough, the same issues and they are as follows:1) randoms restarts2) excessive heat generated when using more than one app3) call quality is very sub-par4) the speakerphone feature is basically non-existent5)  earpiece volume is unacceptably low6)  overall performance is low-budget/entry level Mickey Mouse caliberSo they basically held my phone and did who knows to it...all i know is that i am very upset with ZTE and their scamming US customers with poor product.  I emailed ZTE reps and had to demand in large font bolded typeface repeatedly, that my handset be replaced and after three days of the, and I quote ZTE rep's exact language here "The Higher Authorities" would review and offer a resolve.After the three days, I received an email saying that they would, replace but only the handset itself not the battery or back cover.  What if the battery could be adding to the issues present?  I guess it's my responsibility to solve that one cuz i am sure as hell not going to attempt to demand anything further from ZTE.LOng and Horrible story short here folks, STEER WAY CLEAR OF THIS PHONE...THE FACT THAT IT WAS DESIGNED WITH ONLY A SINGLE CORE, LOW POWERED PROCCESSOR STRAINING TO POWER THE HUGE 4.2" SCREEN IS OF MUCH QUESTIONABILITY!!!!!  Just a testimony from a dedicated EPINIONs member.

Have this phone for about 2 yrs now bought online from boost online black Fri special easy to get started and works well battery is good and recommend a screen protector

ztethank you ,this phone is excellent i love all the features its not to complicated to figure out i will recommend this product to family and friends
