
Love the droid 3, it is the 3rd one I have had and I love it and wont own anything other than a motorolla

I PURCHASED THE DROID 3 AS AN UPGRADE FROM THE LG ALLY. I LOVE THE PHONE. I NEEDED SOMETHING THAT WOULD WORK WITH THE PAGEPLUS SERVICE AND WAS HAPPY TO FIND ONE ON AMAZON. PHONE WORKS WELL.

It wasn't as it was described, It was filthy, It wasn't emptied (still had pics and stuff on it), and the screen was shattered. I gave the phone away.

I bought this for my son.  What he likes is the fact that you can replace the battery.  He misses the backlit keyboard, however.  He had Droid 4 and the non replaceable battery died quickly, so this phone, even without the backlit keyboard, is a much better choice.  He loves the qwerty pullout tactile keyboard coupled with the touchscreen capabilities.  AT&T does not have Android, so Verizon is the carrier.  Eaily rechargeable with strong signals and clear communication.

All I need my phone to do is 1) call 2)text 3)use internet and 4)wake me up with an alarm, and it does all these just fine. I use pageplus with it, so it's cheap, too. I am in love.

Love it.  Phone works wonderfully well.  Although the seller was awful.  I ordered a brand new phone for $129.99 and received a refurbished one.  So unhappy about that.  Takes 2 weeks out of my &#34;cell&#34; life to send it back, wait for them to put money back in my account and then order new phone and then wait for it to be delivered.

got this phone and i am completely happy.Works just as described.Having no problems whatsoever and am able to blaze thru the web on it and download and do whatever i choose.very nice

The phones have some issues. I will not be buying another phone online ever again. I would not recommend this item.

This is a replacement for my Droid 2 Global.  I just had to have a slide-out querty keyboard!  Works beautifully and as expected..  I had a few questions that were answered almost immediately by the seller--great service!

This phone performed pretty well for about a year, or at least I didn't notice the quirks as much.  Now it is just so slow.  I've had to uninstall practically all the apps that weren't already installed, and locked, on the phone (thanks Verizon for locking down useless apps).  Now I get jumpy texting, where I can't type a letter without 3 more appearing afterrrr it.  When I want to make a phone call (after all, it is a cell phone), I have to wait a couple of minutes for the dialer to appear.  now I get error messages about a google service running on the phone constantly shutting down.  I'm ready for a better phone, don't buy this one if you can still find it.

This is my second XT862.  It works great with Page Plus and it's quite reliable.  I only wish it had a bit more RAM.

NEVER BUY A DROID 3 - And Read the Reviews about VerizonA year and half ago, we bought 4 Droid 3's, 3 have been replaced and now 2 more of the replacements are being replaced, and regarding the other two we finally got rid of them and bought 2 totally new phones.The problems: screen freezing, phone getting extrememly hot, apps close and the phone will re-bot on its own, loss of service up to 5 to 30 times a day when the other droid isn't losing service nor the new totally new phones, one of the droids when being charged will not work.Customer Service at Verizon I hear that some of these things are normal, or the screen freezes because you have a screen protector on it, the phone gets hot because you have the protective cover, oh, and its normally to take the battery out every day, then another CS representive will tell you an entire new story.In fact, I called Verizon talked to Byron he was going to send me out a Samsung Galaxy but I wanted to check the reviews on that so I asked if he would call back in an hour and he said he would. With no phone call, I called the next day and was told by Theodore that they would send the Samnsung Galaxy and I would get it Friday. Friday came and no phone so I called and they said they aren't going to send that phone but would send me another Droid 3.  I couldn't believe it after being told they were going to send me a Samsung and having 8 droids that don't work.  They did say that in 5 months when I can get an upgrade then they will help me get into a Samsung, but then I will be extending my contract with Verizon.  Watch out for how they trick you.It amazes me how we need cell phones, we can't even get a phone without a data package, then we get into a contract and we have to pay our bill whether or not we receive a phone with millions of complaints and defects.  We as a consumer are stuck.  And to all of those that have a Droid 3 that are working fine right now just give it some time and you will have issues too. I personally don't know anyone that is happy with their Droid 3.Regarding Verizon, they are super nice when buying a phone or upgrading but as soon as you have problems they ARE NOT THERE TO HELP YOU. In fact per Michael, a Store Manager he said "The day your contract ends come into my store and I will be happy to help you so you will never be a customer with Verizon again."  (I wonder if the President of Verizon really knows how customers are being treated.)

I purchased this phone as a replacement for another smartphone as I did not have insurance on it. Phone was listed as refurbished and arrived looking like  new . Worked well right out of the box. Verizon sales person was impressed with how much I paid for the phone ($70).  Good reception and no problem connecting to the Internet. Only thing I dislike is that the speaker sometimes sounds tinny on certain calls. Other than that, good phone. The seller was great....phone was received a few days ahead of projected shipping date.

Liked the phone initially but it just died today.  It did turn back on for thirty seconds but it is dead again.  Will be contacting seller for a refund or exchange. Until This is rectified, my rating remains at one star.

Does everything i want a cell to do works perfically would buy another.  Ps do not buy one from oakland wireless they sell junk

love to slideout keyboard and phone is  great too but ice cream or jellybean would make it great.....just a good hit Motorola step up... on updates...

pays a new phone and sent me a mobile that had already dismantled, moisture and dust, with a battery and charger are not the originals, without manual shall pass this complaint directly to Amazon

All I can think is that the quality control on this phone was horrible. Maybe some of them work the way they are supposed to, but apparently a lot don't. My wife has a Droid 3 and I now have little faith in this phone, Motorola, or Verizon. If you look around the web you will find a large number of people are having the same problems with the Droid 3. It turns off for no reason. It accesses the web, texts, and allows phone calls when it chooses. It has a hard time keeping power (beyond normal cell phone battery issues). She just turned her second one in and we're waiting on the box with her third one. It looks like Motorola messed up....but other than redistributing refurbished phones that have the same flaws they don't seem to be able to fix the problem. Verizon doesn't appear to care because they are making us try out yet another Droid 3, and lets face it, they sell service and not phones.

Do not get this phone with this buyer.  The battery is not like the original Motorola battery that comes with the phone.  The phone screen will eventually not work.  The phones restarts on its own. Don't buy! This seller is obviously altering the phone.  Get from a storefront website.  You can find this phone for $129 on any website!

DO NOT BUY. 5 months after purchasing, the phone overheated and the hard drive went. Brought it to a technician and they said  the phone had been reconstructed, and wasn't new. Will never buy a phone online again.

Was broke wen they shipped it to me

pro-not completely DOAcon-the product was far from as described by the seller.-the battery door was damaged on arrival and does not stay on properly-the extended battery it came with does not hold a charge well-keys are squishy

I got this as a replacement/upgrade from my Droid 2 global, and I am not really impressed.  The speaker volume is a  lot lower than the droid 2, the power button does not always respond to the first push and the phone is heavier.I do like the updates to the slide out keyboard.  The number keys are separate so you don't have to use the ALT key to type in a number.Over all it works, and serves it's purpose as a 3G phone.

The phone is in every way better than what she had. The only negative is the slide is not smooth.

Very Fast shipping everything was perfect. I got the phone and it came with a messed up battery so i emailed midstar and they sent me a new one that came in the mail in just 2 days. Very nice;) Everything works great

I like the Droid 3 better.Am on Page Plus so can't use 4g anywayTradeoff's were:more ram and dual core processing power on 4 (but not too much more to make a difference in what can be done on the phone)vs.less storage space on 4 (8g) as opposed to 16 gig internal storage on 3(some torrent apps, (Mu Torrent, for example), default to internal storage, even if they are set to download directly to the sd card,once downloaded, it can easily be transferred afterward to sd card, and deleted from internal storage space, but the space needs to be there on the phone internal, for the download.)Both work with the new 64gig  sandisk micro sd card, as long as the card is first formatted to FAT(It ships formatted as NTFS)Both have great hard sildeout keyboards, and (afik) motorola is NOT planning a Droid 5 or anything else with a slideout hard keyboard ;-((I definitely prefer my Droid 3 over my wife's iPhone 5  ;-)

the phone is GREAT everything works perfectly well and screen is very clear no scratches. sound is very good !

Dual core processor makes this phone preform smooth. The camera is good quality also, up to 1080p. Droid 3 used to turn on by itself at times, I recommend using Go Locker app to solve that problem. Mirror HDMI support is great for hooking to HDTV. Texting or typing is great with qwerty keyboard. Only con about this is the thats it's a little bulky because of of the keyboard.

I tried turning this phone on and nothing would happen tried charging it...still nothing not a happy customer...i wouldnt give it one star but I had to

Seller very prompt which was appreciated.  I attempted to charge phone up with 1 of 2 plugin charge adapters, the USB charger does not work, phone charge light does not come on when phone plugged in with it.  the other  wire charge adapter works, the sliding key board slides out stiff and sticks, get stuck with 1 side sticking out further than the other.

This is just what my wife wanted. If you want a phone with keyboard this it. Large keys that I can even use. Beautiful display and works great on Page Plus Cellular. Seller is the greatest.

Great phone. Works great with my phone company. And all functions work. Only don't drop it...before you get the case or sreen will break.

the product says new, and you pay for a new one $140 vs $50, and after you place the order, they THEN tell you that it is NOT in fact a new phone, but instead a Refirbished one. i'm still waiting to get a confirmation if i get to just get a refund/return the NOT NEW Droid 3

had a first gen droid.this is faster and works much better.the camera works great.syncs with google in a flash

This phone is almost exactly like the one it replaced (due to being lost). The only difference is the touch-action on the keyboard.I have to press very hard and then it tends to repeat the letter or number. Aside from the keyboard action, I love the phone.The company shipped it so fast I could hardly believe it! Much appreciated because it was desperately needed.

The phone froze up frequently and the buttons didnt work half the time a complete waste of time and money

I only gave it one star because it required it, otherwise it would be zero! This has been horrible! Not only was it not new but it was a total piece of junk! And then they want me to pay to send it back. When i said i wanted a shipping label that paid, no response!

The phone was so dirty it would hardly slide back and forth.  It does have some software issues, but it is better than mine.

No problems with this device happy with it and well worth the price! Would order again if i need a replacement.

I've had a Droid 3 for about a year and a half now. In that time, I've had to replace it twice because of manufacturing problems.  The first time it was brand new and I had it about 2 weeks before the 3G internet just wouldn't work.  I was with tech support for over an hour before they decided it was the phone.  The second time it was seriously just laying on the counter when it decided to go to phone heaven. I tried to unlock it but the screen was black, I turned it off and back on and it was just a bunch of pixels.  My third phone is a "like new" phone but it definitely isn't...I'll be scrolling and the display will just randomly start shaking. All I have to do is lock it and unlock it, but that happens at least 3 times a day.  This "like new" phone also has to be positioned just right attached to the charger or else it won't charge.  The Swype keyboard is always messing up...when I'm not swyping and just tapping, it'll go all over the place with random letters all the time.  Also, on all three of the phones the camera will randomly shut your whole phone down. Me and my brother got this phone trying to stay away from the more hyped up iphone, but I can't wait til we're able to get an upgrade and an iphone in a few months.  Droids are just not worth the frustration.

This phone is awesome. it has free software that comes with it and cool games too.they even make the games demos so they can make the real game cheaper! The phone never glitches or freezes or get stuck on one image until you have to take the battery out to reset it. Ive had this phone for a year and only had to have it replaced once. What i'm trying to say isthat this pghone is awesomely awesome good stuff for everyone!

screen broke

I retired my Droid 2 Global after a couple of years, not because it wasn't a great phone, but because I've graduated to bifocals (grr) and the screen is bigger on the Droid 3.  Also, even though it's larger in size, it's not really much heavier than the other one.  I love that it has a full row of numbers so I don't have to &#34;alt&#34; to access numbers.  The only thing I've found and may not matter to others, is there aren't alot of accessories available for the phone.  I have a Trident silicone cover on mine and there have been complains about the slider catching the #4 key and having to backspace it off on texts.  I actually took an emery board and lightly filed the tab from the cover so it wasn't catching the keyboard.  All, in all...really like this phone!

Got the phone quickly. Its everything I expected. Easy to use, great quality and amazing screen. Super fast browser. It syncs easily with all social networks, email etc. Thank you!

Typical droid touch screen problems.  Doesn't want to register when you are typing or trying to shut off alarm sometimes.  When shutting alarm off I have to press harder to snooze it.  Has frozen up on me a few times, only had it for about 2 months.  The phone didn't come with a sim card.  Not sure why.  Watch out when gardening!  Put it in the front pocket of my hoodie and dirt must have gotten in there while working in my garden and there was dirt in the keyboard and now my screen has dirt behind it that I have no idea how to get out.  Otherwise the phone does the job.  Its not anything spectacular. Do really like the keyboard though.

I got this phone when it was provided by my employer. It was my first decent smartphone. It has a nice physical keypad. The Android OS always seemed very half-baked and clunky. Supposedly the strength of Android is that it's more customizable than iOS, but I found it to be a pain in the neck. (I do very intensive computer work for a living, and don't want to spend my free time fooling around with my phone.) The phone frequently turned itself back on when powered off, which I see was a known problem. The sliding physical keypad got rather loose after a while. The phone could be quite slow to respond, sometimes locking up for a few seconds, and more often just responding slowly enough that it then registered multiple touches once it finally woke up again. It was loaded with un-removable junk, and every day I'd get a notice that updates were available for oddities like "Blockbuster by Verizon" that could not be removed from the phone. The mail app would occasionally randomly delete email messages, removing them from the server, so I had to dis-allow the phone's permission to remove mail from server. (My wife has the latest, most popular Android phone from another manufacturer, and her outgoing emails would often vanish. Verizon said it's a known Android problem, but a third-party app could be used for functioning email. Mail capability should not be that hard for a phone OS.) Yesterday I got an iPhone 5, and it's worlds better. Someone put it together with an eye toward actual usability. I'll certainly never look back!

Is a good phone for the price but still runs Android 2.3 gingerbread which is out dated and cannot be upgraded. Also sometimes gets bogged down and takes a few extra seconds to load. Keyboard is very fumctional though and camera is pretty decent. Would recommend getting the droid 4 if you could afford it.

Love the phone. Does have its querks,but if you can live with them then you're golden. Friend of mine is gonna buy one to use with PagePlus

I bought this from Radioshack about 2 years ago as my first smartphone. I was super psyched about being able to use apps and mobile data and what not.The best feature overall is the physical QWERTY keyboard. If I had the option, this would be on all of my smartphones. However, there's an issue with the design in this keyboard. The track on the keyboard that extends and retracts from the screen is fairly thin (there are two) and can become damaged. What happens is it forms a behavior on how it feels like closing after a while and requires you to push one end of the phone before the other end, otherwise one track will trigger while the other is stuck.One serious con about this phone is that it is outdated. The processor on this generation of Droid cannot meet the expectations of the apps that are in the market today. I would frequently use my phone for nothing but texts and calls, and apps would run in the background without my knowledge and slow the phone to a halt and thus be infuriating. The only way to restart the phone would be to remove the battery which, in the end, would cause software damage and data corruption.Don't get me wrong, the look and feel of the phone is wonderful. If you're not looking to use this phone for many, many apps, then by all means please buy this phone. But whatever you do, do not put a case on the phone as the case will misalign the track on the phone and cause future anguish. For me, I dropped my phone once and it was never the same.TL;DR (too lazy, didn't read) - I gave this a 3/5 simply because of the phone track on the keyboard being easily misaligned and the processor being too old to handle current generation apps. I would recommend you research into this phone further if you don't believe me.

If this phone had a good signal it would be great. Im with the best network... its the phone! Dont buy

My wife is on her 4th one of these phones.1st stopped charging2nd gps didnt work3rd freezes, restarts constantly, camera won't run at all4th is en route, but I don't have high hopes.verizon keeps pushing tons of spam apps to the devicephone won't be getting ICS despite the fact it hasn't been out a year yet.teerrrriiibbbllleeee product.verizon offered 2-3 year phone old in exchange, because this isn't a 4g device...you sold me a bad device that you acknowledge has issues so you want to make it better with a 3 year old phone??? REALLY?

I have this phone for a year and half and cannot wait for my contract to be over.  At firs this phone was okay, it did freeze once but it was only once.  But then a few more months past, and it's been terrible ever since.  It freezes at least 2x a week and rebots itself every other day. I don't have many apps on my phone maybe around 4 that I downloaded myself, the rest are from Verizon and they will not uninstall.When you want to use the camera sometimes it will say not working properly or something like that, so you have to restart your phone which take a little awhile (a minute or two.)  Don't be fooled, it say HD camera and whatever but the pictures are horrible!Lastly, my friends and family have said to me my voice sounds fuzzy when I use this phone.Just so I'm not to mean, this is my first smart phone so it is very convient.  But I'm assuming all smart phones are convient. Also, it has a GPS which is wonderful so I don't have to buy something seperate.

I loved my Droid 2, except for the camera. When I was able to, I upgraded to a Droid 3, hoping for everything that I loved but with an 8 MP camera instead of a 5.The camera improved, but pictures with flash are still pretty bad.  (My camera and an iphone taking the same photo- iphone will have VASTLY better photos.)The things that drives me crazy is the GPS. It rarely works - maybe 10-15% of the time that I want to use my GPS.  However, most of the time it just says that it's searching for GPS for turn-by-turn directions. However, it's somehow able to locate where I am and give me written directions. I've done everything I can think of and searched the web for fixes, but to no avail. Verizon sent me a new one, with the same problems.The other problem is the keyboard. The Droid 2/3/4 are the only verizon smartphones with slideout keyboard and I can't stand touch screen typing.  Droid 2 worked great, but Droid 3 has keys that are constantly sticking. I thought maybe it was just my first Droid 3, but the replacement Verizon sent has the same problem. Some keys I have to hit either super hard or 3-4 times to register. It's not consistent so sometimes I hit a key and it works first try and other times it takes 3-4 attempts. End result is that typing can take a LONG time.I also have the bugs others have mentioned where it will randomly restart or freeze on me.  However, those are usually fixed pretty easily and quickly, unlike the keyboard and GPS issues that are ongoing.I don't know what to do and I'm not eligible for an upgrade for almost another year. I gave my Droid 2 to a friend or I'd be tempted to throw this one away and go back to the Droid 2.  My boyfriend recently got the Droid 4 and the issues I don't like with the 3 seem to be fixed. It's weird because the Droid 2 worked great.  My guess is that they tried to do some cost-saving measures with the 3, realized they didn't meet ANY quality standards and then fixed them with Droid 4.  However, those of us who "upgraded" are stuck with the junk we have.

the phone was in good shape but we were never able to hook up internet whats the point in having a smart phone if you dont have internet

I bought this phone to go with a prepaid 3g only plan. I got tired of paying to much to Verizon. So I got this phone and a prepaid plan, and I haven't looked back. I have had several touch screen smart phones, yet I am finding myself using the physical keyboard on this phone more and more. I really like the overall size of the phone. It fits really well in my hand. The keyboard is one of my favorite things about this phone. Easy to use and very responsive. Also, Motorola phones(in my experience) have better reception than other phones.  This is a good phone for someone who doesn't need 4g, and who is looking for a great physical qwerty keyboard.

At first I really loved this phone.  After a while of having it, it lags something terrible, and every time I want to make a call with my phone, I push the call button and I have to wait for my phone to decide to make the call.  Sometimes it takes up to 5 minutes to actually start dialing and if I push the button more than once, it will call however many times I push the button.  My step-daughter, my husband and myself all have this phone, we all have the same problems.  I was stuck with this phone for 2 years before I was eligible for my upgrade.  This phone has made me decide to never buy another Motorola Droid again.  Good luck next time Motorola.

I have read several of the reviews on here stating how the Motorola Droid 3 is horrible. This is not the case with the experience that I have had with it.  I purchased this phone on December 29, 2011 and I have had no problems with it.  I am on my phone constantly using it for the internet, talking, texting, etc.  This has been an extremely reliable phone.  The only issue that I have with it is that it is not 4G capable.

It ok sometimes im online it shutdown without warning.

I searched all over the internet to see if the Droid 3 was compatible with ReachOut Mobile but could not get any confirmation.  There are many post that confirmed the Droid 2 was compatible, but I wanted the Droid 3 since it is faster.  The staff at ReachOut Mobile didn't know the answer.  Well I took a chance and purchased a used Droid 3 for less than $60 shipped, and it works great.  The smartphone feature will work, but it will take away your voice minutes.  Therefore, you have to go into the setting and turn off the DATA.  Then you can still use the smartphone features where there is WiFi.  Which is okay for me since I am in a WiFi area 90 percent of time.  If you want free texting, you can use Google voice which is a free service and free app.

I was stuck with this phone for two years and by the time I had a week left in my contract, I was begging the verizon guy to let me upgrade early. For the first year or so the phone holds up well, despite the outdated technology and awful camera resolution. By year two, the phone, essentially, no longer wanted to be a phone. The keyboard/texting and calling capability freezes for minutes at a time, unimaginably frustrating when needing to send out an urgent message and especially in a world where we expect technology to be able to keep up with this. Having this phone is like trying to run a marathon with cement shoes -- slow going, tiring, and frustrating.

This phone is a joke. I don't care how desperate you are to get a phone, DO NOT BUY THIS. I had to use the warranty 30 days after purchasing it brand new and getting a new contract. I got my phone replaced and then it started to glitch with little things like applications constantly crashing and random shutting on and off about 60 days after I had received the replacement phone. I tried to contact Motorolla concerning the issues and they told me that my warranty was expired a month after I purchased the phone. I don't know if I only get one fix per phone but they tried to charge me $120 for a repair. Needless to say, Motorolla made an absolutely terrible phone. I will never buy any products that they manufacture ever again. Their customer service is horrendous and the phone is a joke.

Took me a while to had get this filled in since I had to send the Phone an extra step through getting into my hands.Phone's delivery was fast I should say, around 3-4 days from the Seller to the Forwarding company.The part wherein shipping from the Forwarding company to me was the dreadful thing. It took a while for the Forwarding company (JAC). The weather has currently, been bad here in the Philippines. I guess that's one of the reasons why it took almost 2 weeks to get it here.Let's get on with the Phone. It's my first Android Phone, I mean really. Not a big fan of high end phones, though I've had my fair experiences with the Apple part. The reason why I had to buy this phone was because of the Fact that it's cheap and it's a side slide qwerty keyboard phone.I was quite feeling vexed for the Phone while I was waiting for it. As I was reading reviews and such, I was anxious about the Phone, thinking that I might get a badly used phone. When the confirmation for pickup came, I had to rush off during lunch from the Office, picked up the Package and back. Once I opened the phone, I was surprised that the Phone is in a somehow great, condition. There were some minor things coming from the Phone like the Dent on the lower right side and some scratches on the bezel over the upper right. I guess the Phone took a fall on its side. The screen display state is great, the phone had a flimsy film covering the display when I got it, though it could've been placed by the Seller itself. I have no issues over the back cover.I've read a lot while waiting for the Phone. Issues like the Phone heats up over the lower back portion, phone hangs up or restarts. Short battery life? and other things. The issues for me are the overheating and the short battery life. Bloatware coming from the stock rom of the Phone was cleaned up by rooting and installing a custom rom for it. Which also did help the battery life somehow. While for the Overheating, I've had that toned down a bit by underclocking the cpu. It did lessen the Heat over the back portion while playing games. I'm on the process of doing an undervolting which I'm still trying to figure out how to do.Current state of the Phone right now is great, though I wish that the Battery life would extend for up to 2-3 days. No hangs has ever occurred, there were some slowing at times but it was tolerable.Undervolting should ease the Heating issue over the back portion once I figured out the guide. Will be buying a new battery as well to go with the phone.It's a great phone for me (will be buying another one for my Girl). Thanks to the Seller for giving me an above average used phone. Though I never got an original wall charger and a usb connector (just got generic ones along the package), still, thanks.For those who are interested, do the things below and you have a nice phone:- Buy a new battery or an extended battery if you are buying a used/refurbished phone.- Root and Flash the Phone with a custom Rom to remove the bloatware from the Stock rom and improve battery life.- Do not use an ICS rom as I've been reading. I had mine installed with Steel Droid.- Do an Undervolt - overclock/underclock if you know how to.- buy a case and a screen protector to go with the display.

Phone was shipped quickly, but the seal that said do not except if seal is broken, it was broken, and it was packed for shipment poorly the phone was bouncing around inside not secure.

Nice phone and works with pageplus. Looks new just like it stated but took a little longer to get here than i thought. So far is has been worth the wait.

I was excited to play with my new phone until I realized that it keep freezing at least twice a day. That didn't bother me much until I wanted to use the navigation, it never worked! The phone kept looking for the GPS, but never connected. Unfortunately, I realized that I had wasted my money a bit too late to return this piece of crap. On top of that, the slide keyboard doesn't work right. Don't by this junk or you will regret it.

This is my first smartphone & so far so good.  I have had to remove the battery a couple times because it just starts going crazy but other than that it works well for a first time smartphone user.

I got the Droid 3 approximately 2 years ago since I wanted a full-keyboard. At the time, it was considered new and had just came out.However, immediately upon taking it home, it felt a lot older than that. First off, it's slow and laggy all the time. And it has only got worse over the years. Part of it is the bloatware that comes loaded on it, but even after a full factory reset, it's still too slow. Apps crash frequently without warning too.The keyboard, which I wanted initially, is not that great. It too can be slow and unresponsive. I have grown to love others' floating keyboards since they're much better than Droid 3's. Battery life, which was decent at the start, has progressively got worse too.Also, it has an annoying habit of randomly turning off - If I am lucky I hear the "Droid" robotic-voice when it does that though. Hopefully I wasn't needing the alarm-clock if it turns itself off!Also, it is heavy. I didn't think much of it at first, but compared to my wife's previous HTC Android phone and her current iPhone, this Droid 3 is a brick (house!). But hey, if you ever get locked out of your house or car, you can use it to smash through the window quite easily.Overall, Droid 3 is hands down the most frustrating and annoying phone I have ever had. I literally hate it. Please avoid it at all costs.

I have never used one of these before and really love using it;) It does way more than i thought it would and moves quickly to get to apps, etc. I would recommend this to my friends definitely!

Picked this up from Amazon because my wife needed to Upgrade her phone and we didn't want her to lose her data plan.  A great phone at a great price.  It has an excellent slideout keyboard for those people like us who want a real keyboard.

Update:  Motorola is willing to honor warranty and repair phone at no charge based on proof of purchase date.First, the phone did not come with the car charger as advertised.  Since it was a replacement phone, I didn't worry about it.  The booklet and warrenty information that is in the box with all new phones was missing.  Also not a big deal as I was relacing the same type of phone.  Now, after 89 days, the phone screen has turned to a gazillion speckles.  All attempts to 'reset' the phone have failed.So, if you have $250 to spend on a phone every 90 days, this is the phone for you.Amazon stated their 30 return policy and told me to contact the manufacturer for warrenty.  It would be great if I had the warrenty information which was missing fron the box.  I am left without a phone, unable to purchase another, no warrenty information, and relying on the charity of Motorola to hopefully make this right...if indeed it is really a NEW phone.

Changing my review because it was not the seller, it was the verizon dealer, if you buy an unlocked phone, make sure the seller has a clear IMED number so you can switch easily.  This is important to be able to hook up the SIM card.  The IMED number was a bit scratched off....

It's has its problems and I ordered a new one and I got a used but it looks new.Troubleshooting and Application foreclose is always happening but I can not complain better than my other phone that I hadI love Droids, better than iphone's in my opinion

The phone malfunctioned from the moment I turned it on. I returned it for a full refund. I ordered another one and the same thing happened with that one.

works good except for a couple of sticky keys on qwerty,..but so did our older one we replaced.It's an older phone ,...great photos and videos just have to watch typo's in text. I actually amusing speak text feature and its cool and saves time. Like our phone,..very good value.

The Droid 3 by Motorola was an excellent buy. It came ready to be put into use and has not shown any glitches since it's been received. I recommend this product and I have recently purchased one for my nephew as well.

the  phone  was ok  but  it  started  have  trouble  with it and it  stop  chager  i should have sent the phone back

I am so glad I purchased this phone. Was able to switch Verizon phones with no problem.I am so attached to this model. Great Buy.

My entire family (6 phones) bought this phone during the buy 1, get 1 free promotion they were doing at Verizon. The phones worked smoothly at first, but soon after the fist month of use two of the phones began to have freezing up issues, broken keyboards, and broken buttons that just wouldn't type. We returned these phones four or five times before finally getting some that worked properly, but the same issues cropped up again around the time the manufacturer warranty dropped off. The smallest drop can shatter this phone's screen (one was dropped from a height of no more than 2 feet and completely spider-webbed the screen). When the phone is left idle for long periods of time, it will respond sluggishly after awaking, clicking things you didn't click and moving things around you didn't move. Calling someone after work is impossible, as it takes the phone ten minutes to wake up enough to connect a phone call. One of our phones has now begun to completely freeze up, deleting important scripting lines from the basic programming - this results in a required factory reset to get the phone working again (bye-bye contacts!). I DO NOT recommend this phone - it has poor quality in both hardware and software. Attempting to make a claim into your insurance on the phone for glass repair also turns up that they don't cover it due to the phone not coming with Gorilla Glass - or you have to pay for a new phone and renew your contract (no thanks, I'll keep the cracked phone). I will be flushing mine to watch in satisfaction at its electrical gurgles when I switch to another provider in June.

I was looking to find a replacement for my droid X2. I found this one on Amazon for a really good deal. So i thoight i give it a shot. Honestly, functional it has no problems at all. Fast processer, easy user interface. Great camera's and does as it should. My only complaints come from the design aspect. The screen size is below average, if just feels so small. The other issue is it felt bulky in my hand. I didnt like that either.  Overall decent phone from Verizon.

its a great phone, but 3days after i recieved it 4 of the letters on my touchscreen keyboard stopped working when i try to push one it  will just input the letter next to it, its really annoying and it would great if the phone had a screen callibration setting or something.

this is my second droid 3  my first one worked better  the new one freezes  and doesnt let me type when the battery is low  i loved my  first one  but this one  is not dependable

My Droid 3 came in about two days after I ordered it, but the home key, search key, and unlock/lock screen weren't working. Then the activation codes were invalid on verizon's website. Lastly, they didn't actually send an SD/SIM card with a car charger as promised, so I would highly recommend not to buy it, especially from Accessory Distributor on Amazon.

I had problems with the phone from the moment I had gotten it, but I just figured it was me and I would have to get used to the new phone. Less than 3 weeks after I had gotten the phone it started to act crazy and then went into airplane mode. After it came out of airplane mode I had no signal, could no make any calls, or send or receive text messages. When I powered down the phone it said file dumping. Verizon had factory reset the phone and had done everything they possible could, but could not get the phone back to working properly. I contacted the seller, and they refused to take the phone back, and replace it or refund me my money just because it was just a few days after the time the return policy had ended. I am not satisfied with the phone or the seller at all, and now I am stuck with a phone that I paid a great deal of money for and it doesn't even work. I would not recommend anyone buy from this seller at all.

Was brand new like they said, great condition, very happy. I would buy off of them again. Very Happpyy. yep.

I love it... I love that it has the keyboard I can just slide it up and still have the touch screen to hide it.

paid for &#34;New phone&#34; received a used phone with speaker blown, and apps downloaded.Contacted customer service and wasn't helpful at all. All I need is a new working phone to get a hold of my kids and family

Received phone and it looked brand new in original packaging.  The touchscreen failed/locked up on the first day.  I thought perhaps it just needed a power on/power off.  Removing the battery for a restart (since the touchscreen doesn't work, can't even choose power off) did fix the issue at first, but within 5 days, the touchscreen is completely failing, even after a restart.  Basically, the touchscreen doesn't recognize any actions.However, I do like the phone.  The features and price are right.  I've ordered another in the hopes it will work correctly - will return the defective one when the new one arrives, as I obviously cannot change to a new ESN until I have both the old one and new one in my possession.So, I'm disappointed the phone I got was defective, but I'm holding out hope it was a fluke that won't happen twice.

the phone is great being that it is 3 years old. and the duel core processor is quick enough where i can type something in to google and i comes right up.

I opened the package as soon as it was delivered and discovered that the phone wouldn't even turn on, it could not read the battery or the phone was fryed now I have to spend another 60 bucks so get it fixed. Verizon told me they could order a brand new one for less than 70 bucks.

Works as if I bought it from the store! The phone lasts throughout the whole day (properly using the phone). The keyboard has a smooth feeling keeps the thumbs relaxed! Plus it arrived really quick so I was able to use it for my work!

I must say, I really LOVE my new Droid 3. I appreciate the fact that my D3 has a nice size slide-out keyboard (Qwerty) as well as a Virtual, a nice (big) size screen, the camera is easy to use and switches from side to side (love that feature)  I'm becoming more and more familiar with my cellphone and enjoying it more as time goes on. Plus the price I paid and I have NO contract; it's the cherry on top!!PS. My hubby told me I could not have his Droid2 - now he is wishing he had my Droid3 - lol!

Quick responses to my inquiries; next day delivery would had been nice. Came with30 day thanks for replacing my phone so I wouldn't have to upgrade!

Save yourself the time and headache and stay clear of this phone.  Take it for what its worth but I've had thid phone for six months and would never own another droid of any kind.  The OS is unstable, reboots constantly, freezes, and shakes. They will send you another one if you're still under warranty like I was but guess what, you will receive another refurbished Droid that someone else sent back with the same issues.I like the idea of the integration with gmail and google apps but its just not worth it, especially when you can still do the same things with an Iphone.  I stayed away from the Iphone for years because of the hype and price but I decided to give it a shot and the difference is night and day.  You get what you pay for.  The OS is quick, compact and very nice to look at and use.  Not clunky like the droid.  Its Iphones for me from now on.  Even the guy at Verizon said they get tons of Droid returns.

Can this VERIZON phone be used with STRAIGHT TALK ! ....Most definitely YES ! ......I am using mine now and have been since Oct 18th 2013.... It does NOT matter if it used a sim card or not & it doesn't matter if the S T phone you use with S T uses a sim card... Mine used one but I didn't need to use a sim card after I had S T set this one up for me .... I bought mine used, ( Mint Cond ) called Straight Talk, gave some numbers under the battery and they got the code I needed @ the cost, to me, of $14.99 * * Very easy process* * ..... BUT I LOVE THIS PHONE.. It works better than my Nokia E5 and that is a nice phone also....Sure with it being used there were apps on there I didn't want... Yes, there are Verizon apps that don't want to be removed, however, this does not hurt the phones ability to be a terrific phone.... I love the camera, video, texting, internet, all of it ! .... I have absolutely no complaints with this phone at all....The best part about this phone is that I have a MUCH stronger signal with this Verizon phone using it with Straight Talk than I had using a Straight Talk phone.....This is a wonderful phone.... Oh my goodness I almost forgot... Some might find me a bit &#34;nerdy&#34; here but I really love the speaker use to type up a text to send...... I am still learning what this phone has to offer me and I love it ! !I do suggest that you use a stylus ( not the one with the pointed end but the soft squishy end ) AND use a static cover over the face ...  There is a help app that is marvelous in the menu and I also downloaded the manual onto my laptop.... But once I got used to using the help app on the phone I haven't used  the downloaded manual....Hope I helped ya's....

Maybe you saw the original version of this review. If you did, forget everything you read, because in the few months between then and now, this phone has taken a disastrous nosedive.Here's the deal: Lots of electronics these days, they're made to break. I was hoping that this one was an exception, but after a few months of gentle use and great care, I have been entirely disappointed.I won't make a grocery list of glitches and crashes, it'd take far too long. Just know that if you go into this thinking "But I just want it for X feature", you'll probably be disappointed. My cell signal is weak compared to other phones with the same company. The battery life is painfully weak. Buttons to call your contacts just don't respond. Occasionally, text fields will ignore all input, making it impossible to type anything, anywhere, until you reboot - which takes a weirdly long time. The wallpaper doesn't even stay up. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. Don't even get me started on apps - native, purchased, downloaded, they crash all the same.This phone's strongest selling point is the Google Play Store, which is expansive, reasonably-priced, and very secure. However, that comes with any Droid, and if you are looking into the Droid OS, don't let this discourage you - I hear wonderful things about other Droid phones. But this isn't the one for you. And mind, this isn't just one buggy phone. Many reviewers agree with me, including my own sister, who got the phone at the same time I did and is struggling just as much.Bottom line: I'm surprised this thing ever reached shelves. A stain on Motorola and Android, both of which are generally far superior to this piece of work.

Phone works the perfect the only thing is it doesn't seem to be brand new or was dropped durning shipping because the screen wasn't on completely and had to push it back down to get it attached again. was really surprised a company would send it out like this,  i really need the replacement phone so couldn't send it back but so far its been working fine

This phone has been pretty good so far. I did a lot of research on cell phones before my purchase and you can't beat the bang for the buck of the Droid 3. It really delivers for the price.

Clearly this is not a new phone and been refurbished, not in a sealed factory box, with directions that has been copied.

Its a very nice phone. But im afraid, a bit too complicated for me. I would recommend this phone to all the young whipper snappers though.

Paid less than $200 to use as no-contract phone. This is my first smartphone, and it turned out to be a perfect choice in combination with PagePlus Wireless, which uses the Verizon network.  You can get by with spending as little as $80/year for voice, text, data this way. I am totally satisfied with my choice of this phone.

the phone is in great condtion a very good buy for the droid fans comes with a car charger and all

Phone is slow and freezes alot. Not worth the $ at all figured it would be fast but not at all. Only thing I like about it is the front face camera and the keyboard is amazing. But performance and speed sucks. Don't waste your money.

All in all a pretty good phone, has its moments sometimes where it glitches out, nothing a simple reboot doesn't fix, works way faster than my previous phone, Highly recommend for a &#34;cheaper&#34; smart phone

I have been using once since the day it came out.  Its amazing, having such a good and complete keyboard boosts productivity and functionality.  Great phone, its fast, has full keyboard, sd card capable, 4in screen is perfect to fit into your pocket and view webpages on your phone, no issues.

I am using Verizon prepaid ($50/month) and this phone works great with that. Love the full qwerty keyboard, and app capabilities!
