
I've had it about a week now, and it's definitely the best phone I've ever owned.  The screen is big, so you can see everything clearly.  The camera is sharp, and the flash helps out a lot.  The touch screen takes a bit of getting used to, I admit, but  even so, it's relatively intuitive.I've seen a lot of reviews complain about the battery life, and admittedly, it can lose a charge quickly.  But I have the feeling that most people don't bother turning their phone off at night, which would cut the battery life down.  And honestly, the short battery comes from the fact that it runs far better and is far more useful than a non-smart phone.  The last two phones I've own got three day charges out of the box, but those quickly went down to two-day.  The shorter life is a small price to pay for the 4G (and LTE, if you live in such an area), as well as the app access.

My wife resisted a smartphone (had a bbery pearl) for so long. She thought she wanted an iphone because other women have it - however I took her to the att store  and they showed it to her and she liked it. She has figured it out very quickly, and I see her on it all the time now, using facebook and reading her celeb news apps. This phone also gets great reception - our house is a black hole, terrible service for all carriers, even on her old pearl. However this phone somehow gets 3 bars and is actually usable in our house. I'm amazed. My sprint EVO hardly works at all, even with their booster box I spent $100 on. Oh the screen, is so nice and even and rich in color. It blows away my evo's screen and it's so fast! I am jealous I cannot upgrade to this phone yet :)

I've had this phone one week, and am in love with it. The samsung galaxy SII skyrocket the best phone I've ever owned. While AT&T; is still installing LTE in our area,(greater Philly suburbs in NJ) the HSPA+ backhaul speeds, are still up to 5 times faster I got  5326(down)&1455(up) with mobile on, and I got speeds close to my Comcast broadband in downtown DC @19K(down)& 4K(up), so I know what the phone is capable of when LTE is finally deployed here.Okay here is what I really like about this phone. The 8 megapixel camera takes crystal clear pictures with autofocus, and the front facing camera takes very good pictures using the spot button on the touch screen. My only complaint with the camera part is that there is not an exterior button that allows you to shoot pictures , I'm not sure what samsung was thinking there. As far as running programs is concerned there is a whole lot of memory for apps to run (1GB) and this phone blazes through multitasking, with the dual-core 1.5GHz processor. I've had 34 apps running in the background, and could still play the need for speed shift that comes with. The built in 16GB USB memory is nice as the total amount with my 32GB micro SD put it at about 45gb's total.I'm hopeful a firmware update by Samsung will allow 64GB cards to be compatible when they come out, but the USB out to storage mode is great if you already have a 64-128GB USB stick, like my 128GB corsair GTR , that uses hardly any battery when on the train to DC from Philly, and gives me plenty of storage for movies, music, apps, and games, that have fairly decent storage sizes...I was able to update to Android 2.3.6 as soon as I got the phone setup. AT&T; has this great app ready2go, that allows you to quickly setup all your social accounts from , then everything is transferred to the phone, and you are ready to go.Games are quick and look great, while I would have appreciated, a slightly better resolution for the skyrocket, as the screen is larger everything looks deeply colorful, and words from webpages and e-books are easy on the eyes, and very enjoyable. The audio is second to none, with 5.1 surround coming out the 3.5mm speaker jack, and of course, 1080p with 5.1 surround out via the USB to HDMI adapters available.I would have appreciated stereo speakers withim this, but the speaker does sound good on it's own.Pros:FastLightThinWell madeBig screenMultitaskingGreat looking screen colorsCons:No camera button on exteriorNo Bluetooth 5.1 audio (however I don't know of a phone yet with this ability)P.M.I only found one case which was considered "protective" in my opinion. The Argos SGPleather case, folds open, and keeps the screen protected when not in use, and is the best looking for men or women, in my opinion. I had to cut a notch in the area that folds over the bottom to charge the phone when closed. I used a light yellow colored thread, made for sewing leather to reinforce the opening I'd created, then a paperclip held the notch open while the matte black oil-base paint dried on the exposed , to seal out up..

Lightening fast processor and network speed. Light, thin and all display. Compared to my iPhone 4 the amazing display seems more crisp and double in size.  No LED like all BlackBerry's and some hot keys on the shell would be nice.  But overall a fantastic buy if you are in a 4G area.

As a construction company owner, my phone is my most valuable tool.  I spent several weeks researching phones preparing to upgrede my trusty Blackberry. I really wanted to stay away from Apple even though my wife and kids have them and they seem to work perfectly.  I decided on the Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket anticiapting that I would later purchase and Android tablet.  The phone, when it works is terrific.  It is extremely fast, the screen is vibrant, and it is intuitive and easy to learn.  The problem is that it often locks up forcing me to remove the battery and re-boot.  I've had the phone for 3 days and have had to re-boot at least a dozen times performing basic tasks like texting, e-mailing, or making phone calls.Another issue that is not as problematic is that the phone physically too large.  I need to wear my phone on my belt as I am outside a lot and this phone in a holster is very uncomfortable.  I will take it back today and reluctantly get an I-phone 4-S with and I-Pad2 to follow.  Apple has another convert - damn!

Samsung's Galaxy S2 has been well reviewed in it's previous version this one just extends ds the usefull life as it includes LTE as well as HSPA+ . I'm not in current  AT&T; LTE market but will own this for next 18 to 24 months.I'm pretty bored by the various banter of the carriers on different 4G claims but this is already faster than I know what to do with average data speeds in the 3-5 Mbps range and 2700 to 3100 on quadrant benchmarks. However I'll no doubt soon find a need for the speed.Nothing dramatically different on the layout compared to other Galaxy s2 but that's a good thing.I checked out the Droid Razr and while it's very thin and very clever engineering , had worse screen than S2, was shockingly slow ( I don't think Verizon LTE is in my market or isn't fully rolled out)  Also I travel so liked the S2 Skyrocket handles international roaming.If you want a high end android phone with great screen, at good price with international ability the Skyrocket could be for you, the LTE is a sensible "future" enhancement as where ever you live LTE will be there before upgrade time comes again.It is however a large phone, not heavy but that huge screen means large format. The incredibly thin Droid Razr has a similarly large foot print.

I was able to get my phone through Amazon during the Thanksgiving weekend sale for a penny. Yes a penny and is why i didn't purchase an iphone 4S.I had my last phone since 2006 and had been due for a change, although I have bought Iphones for my college age twins. This phone is simply awesome,the LTE speed is blazing. The screen is vivid.There is a tutorial for the phone at: [...], that allows you to walk through all of phone's features. I am still going through it. Everyday i am learning something new.I truly believe that the Skyrocket will give Apple's Iphone a run for its money.

LTE bandwidth result per Speed Test app.Down: 9219kbpsUp:  6578kbpsPing: 63msI switched to this phone after owning an iPhone 3GS for 18 months. I really liked my iPhone so I was worried about the transition.However, this phone is great. I love it.The display: HUGE! This thing feels like a tablet coming from an iPhone.Typing: Much easier than the iPhone due to the larger display.Browsing: Hello Flash support!Calls: No notable difference in the call experience. The size makes it a bit awkward to hold to the face at first, but I got over that pretty fast.Battery life: Coming from an iPhone I'm already used to charging my phone each night. I didn't notice much difference in this phone. Tonight I'm at 60% battery after having the phone on all day with medium usage. On days I've used the phone heavily I've been around 20% at this point. As with any smartphone you are not going to be able to play games for hours on the battery.Camera: No comparison to the 3GS. On par with the 4 and 4S.Only places where the iPhone excelled: Contacts are easier to manage & the apps have less access to your personal information. Fit in my pocket better.I have zero regrets for choosing this over a newer iPhone - Mainly due to the screen size.

14 July 2012: Used for one week so far. Will update review as I use more.Pros:-Bigger screen.-Fonts and display is very easy on eyes. Display is better than iPhone 3G.Cons:-Found it difficult at times to browse with one hand. Felt the phone will pop out of my hand. This is because of it's size.-Speaker is not good. iPhone's speaker is much much better. This is important for me for attending calls while driving.-Compared to iPhone even the max vibration is mild. I missed few calls.-The Kies s/w (which is analogous to iTunes for iPhone) is less mature than iTunes. I don't use too many fancy features but iTunes and iOs in general is much rock solid, well tested and more mature product. Eg.Connected to phone to Kies > Kies prompted that there's a iPhone backup available. Would you like to import ? > Clicked Yes > Syncing took too long > Syncing failed in middle > Kies crashed. Would not connect to phone > Had to restart many times.-Less intuitive: Eg. Can't figure out how to sign out (not remove account) from gmail.I am not a Apple fanboy but considering ease of use and hassle free usage I consider my old iPhone 3G to be much better.

This phone is superb. Has LTE, dual core processor, a 4.5inch super amoled+, 8mp camera with a 2mp front facing camera, and a decent battery life. According to the specs, this machine is a monster. In reality, this machine is a monster. The limited LTE is At&T's fault, not the phone's. The 4.5 inch screen is bright and saturated (which i prefer). The camera is decent compared to the iphone or even the Nokia Lumnia 900, but it'll get the job done. The front facing camera is great in high-mid lighting condition.Time for the faults. It crashes (very few times), stutters, and even lags. The front facing camera is HORRIBLE in low lighting conditions. It makes EVERYTHING blue. Not even the ipod touch's front facing camera is that horrible. The battery life is decent/great. It really depends. Compared to iphone or many other 3g phone, its battery life is decent. Compared to other 4glte phones with a screen greater than 4.2 inches(excluding razermaxx and galaxy note, its great. I can last a whole day (6am-11 pm) with 20% battery. Keep in mind that I dont live in a LTE area. I usually text, play games, watch youtube, and browse the web daily. Another problem is ics (Ice Cream Sandwhich). It does not have an ICS update even though its been out for about 7 months. The ICS update can solve many of the issues this phone faces. Until then, a 4star is fair.

I regularly get 15 to 20 Mbps downloads. One time I got 34.3, which I didn't know was even possible. Sometimes, in high, high traffic times, like during the evening commute, it will go down to 6 to 10 Mbps downloads. Uploads are normally in the 6 to 10 range.I've got nothing to add to the other reviews, except to chime in on data speeds since I'm in an LTE area (Washington DC).For me, battery issues are not apparent, but that's because for years, I've always had a charger in my car, work desk, and night stand, so no problems for me.I like this produce A LOT. A bit amazed actually. It's fast. Very, very, fast. Check out Spotify for music (your own and streaming) if you haven't already.

To preface this review, I've had the following phone most recently in this order:iphone 3gsiphone 4HTC inspireSamsung Galaxy s2 skyrocketI also play with most phones when they arrive at the AT&T; store.This phone is amazing. Simply put. I was hesistant to jump to the HTC inspire (my first Android device) from my iphone. I'll never look back. There were a few issues with my HTC inspire, but they were primarily software bugs, all of which the SG2 skyrocket resolves.PROS:- screen size. 4.5 inch beast.- Screen clarity is amazing. I can clearly read the screen in broad daylight with no strain.- Processor is blazing fast. Dual core prevents lag with multiple apps open and switching between them.- size, shape weight. All perfect for me.- speaker phone is loud and clear- cell phone reception and speed are great- GPS works MUCH better than the HTC inspire- battery life is better than the HTC inspire- built in task manager works very well.- bottom app bar is customizable.- camera takes excellent pictures.- music player sounds great and is very responsive.CONS:- battery life still isn't as good as the iphone4, but its definitely reasonable.- touchwiz doesn't seem to have as many pretty widgets as htc sense, but i'm sure I can find some 3rd party ones.- home and menu buttons are reversed from the htc inspire... I wish it was the same...- phone is massive, so one-handed use is somewhat difficult depending on what case you use.Honestly, this is the best phone I've ever used, and unless the size or daily charging is an issue for you, I'd say it's a no-brainer.

This is a great device, much MUCH better than the standard SII.It is extremely fast and eats everything you give it to. Haven't had any issues for the 3 months I was using it.Since I got the new S III as a gift I am selling my great Skyrocket on Ebay:[...]Honestly if I didn't get the S III for free I'd never spend the money since the Skyrocket is as good as the S III

Bought these phones during thanksgiving sale along with 3 htc vivids.  Got an unreal amount of technology for 5 cents way to go Amazon.  The vivids are nice I was worried at first that the kids had gotten the better phones but the skyrocket put that fear to bed right awaqy.  The screen is just awesome it does everything well.  My other phone being 2 years old is not even in the same category.  Its a computer basically you can load fullpage webpages faster than my laptop and click where you want.  Its a great device.

Screen, speakers, processor, data speed is without a doubt way way better than iphone. iphone user interface is more user friendly for more people, but once I got used to android and the bottom 4 buttons I find this phone better than iphone.I wish at&t; hadn't installed so much junk software and carrier IQ on this phone, but that's at&t; nations worst phone service..

By far, when I first received the phone, I thought it was great...after not even two weeks of use, I have to say, this is the worst phone I've ever owned. It takes 15 minutes plus to even reboot after 4 times when it decides to lock up...not good when you need to make a phone call as fast as you can. I took out the SD card, thinking that would help...it did, but at the same time it corrupted my SD card since it locked up after "reading" the card...I WILL NOT Buy this phone ever again, by far, it's given me more headaches than pleasure

I will start with the bad things first:Price: I initially bought it from Amazon wireless and they said it won't be delivered until December, so I canceled my order and went with ATT premier store and paid full price on the phone. It is like 70 dollars more.Battery: I took it off the charger at 9am today, right now it is almost 2pm and I am at 63%, I did used Google Navigation (while charging in the car). And mostly light browsing, power saving mode seems to help a lot, with 60 percent it can last me till the end of the day with almost 5% left. (Tested that yesterday) So battery life is not great but given it is an LTE phone with 4.5 inch screen, I would say this is 50/50.Accessories: Lack of accessories for now, you might want to get a good case for this considering it is a very delicate and expensive phone, you don't want to test the durability yourself.And no HD screen. & ATT customer service, ATT wouldn't give me the unlock code even if I paid the full price (there's way around it online)Good things:4.5 inch screen: after you play with this for awhile and go back to 4.3 or 4 inch screens, don't even think about that. It is really not too big in my opinion, keeping it in my jean's front pocket is not a problem at all, I was using captivate before and this feels pretty much the same in the pocket.Application speed: Not much FC, the phone is really smooth so far, hopefully it will stay this way through out the lifespan.Browsing speed: The rendering is so fast (Compared to Captivate, probably other devices as well but this is fast)LTE speed(Chicago) + GPS: Amazing, using google navigation is near instant lock on, no loosing signal so far.TouchWiz 4: compared to the previous touch wiz, I think this is more refined and it's definitely a plus.Overall: Good buy if you are in the LTE market, I was worried about all the benchmark about the processor, but seriously it doesn't matter at all to regular consumer. For T-mobile users, I believe their Samsung Galaxy S2 Hercules is pretty much the same phone lacking of LTE, but it is on the 42Mbps HSPA+ network instead of the LTE, pretty much the same phone, even same battery (As noted on samsung webpage when you are shopping for accessories)Update: Forgot to mention that the headphone that came along was quite decent.Update 11/22/2011: I am getting random shutdown issues, I am not sure if this is a problem with the phone or if this is GB 2.3.5 issue. Is anyone else getting this problem?

Very nice phone, battery good considering the speed and the large screen. Fast load of browser and other applications. Has been reliable. Dropped calls occur, not sure how much is att vs the phone. More likely the former. A problem is you can't commit the phone to 3G VS 4G VS EDGE. This is important in areas where the signal for the 3 and 4 G are not strong.

The phone itself is great. Fast CPU, decent data speeds. Battery life is ok at best.Screen is vibrant, however it has issues.. if you set the brightness to low or all the way down you will see a brushed aluminum appearance on the screen. This is a manufacturers defect. @Pamela Heinecke the drivers are available. I have win7 64bit and it recognizes the phone right away.. @ the iPhone lover. I wouldn't wipe my @$$ with an iPhone. Not high quality enough for me. The i stands for idiot by the way. enjoy your failure of an apple device. you know.. the kind that makes their employees commit suicide from being worked to near exhaustion

I bought this phone 10 days ago, everyone is talking about its design and display, no doubt these features are nice in this phone . I am facing a problem with this phone is that it some time don't receives the incoming calls and directly goes to voice mail and even will not show the incoming calls in the miss call . you have to turn off & again turn on the phone to make it able to receive the incoming call and due to this inactive phase you can miss your important calls.this problem is upsetting me and I am confused whether to keep the phone or return it .If any one has solution for this will be appreciated.

After going through the Iphone 3 and 4, it was time for change. I decided on the Skyrocket based on friends and reviews. First thing I noticed, it is big! But at the same time it is lighter than the Iphone 4. It is packed with features as listed in the product description so you will drain the battery VERY FAST playing with it.Now my complaints:First, I have a yahoo mail account that is tied to my old ATT/Bellsouth account. You would think that since it is on the ATT network, the phone would take all my contacts from the yahoo account. I went to contacts, more, add accounts, added Yahoo account and ....nothing. No contacts. After 48 hours of trying, I called ATT and they said call Samsung. I called Samsung and they said...uh, it is a Google phone and they don't play well with Yahoo. They recommended a few Apps to try and still nothing. Then it hit me, just export your Yahoo contacts to a CSV file, import it into Gmail contacts, sync contacts again, then delete the gmail account. Complicated but YES, Success!Second complaint, you would think a Samsung phone would have all the features to use a Samsung Bluetooth WEP200 headset. It doesn't. As of Q1 2012, there is no Bluetooth Voice Command. You can't push your button on the headset and say call XXX, it doesn't even open the Voice Command. So, to use your "hands free" device, you need to grab your phone, hit the Voice command icon, say call XXX and it will dial them up, then your hands are free to talk using your Bluetooth. Huh? Makes no sense..hopefully they will fix that soon!**Update 03-16-2012** Found APP called "Hands-Free Voice Dialer" that finally activates the phone via Bluetooth Headset. Works great and it will even open "Voice Search" when you say it.So other than that, I love this phone. I am waiting for a good bike mount to come out so I can use it to track my rides. I have had many compliments on it, especially picture quality and the beautiful screen. I use it with my work email using TouchDown and of course personal email also. Call quality is great and I get plenty of 4GLTE in the DC area.Get this phone and you won't be disappointed. If swapping from an Iphone, be prepared for a learning curve but it is worth it!!

SGS2 Skyrocket is the best smartphone till date. It beats all its competitors hands down.I highly recommend this phone to all users.

There's no doubt that the Galaxy S II line are among the best phones you can get today, and the Skyrocket is no exception. That said, it isn't perfect, and there are a few things you should know before jumping in.1) LTE is extremely fast, but it drains the battery like you wouldn't believe. This isn't an issue for me, because I turn it off when I'm not using it, and the phone lasts me 16 hours. But with the LTE on and cranking, you might be done in 5 hours. HSPA+ speeds are very good anyway, so this might be reason enough to consider the phone's non-LTE counterpart.2) A version with a better screen is coming soon. The Skyrocket HD is virtually identical, except it has a 720p HD screen. In addition, some people complain of faint ghost lines on the current skyrocket in low-contrast areas with the brightness turned down. I don't see them on my device, but it's apparently a very common problem, albeit one that is ameliorated by operating at a higher brightness.3) The 1.5 Ghz processor in this phone is not more powerful than the 1.2 Ghz Exynos in the regular Galaxy S II. The Exynos is not LTE-capable, which is why the part was changed, but the two are roughly equivalent, despite the higher clock speed on the Skyrocket. In fact the CPU may even be a little slower, but the GPU is a little faster, so it's more or less a wash.4) Sound through headphones is not very good on this, there's a low hissing all the time. Not so bad you can't listen to music or anything, but it'll irritate audiophiles. Listening via bluetooth fixes this issue.THAT SAID, it's a terrific phone, thin, light, big, and vibrant, and very powerful. I'd take any Galaxy S II over AT&T;'s other phones on offer. But with the standard Galaxy S II available and a little cheaper, and an HD Skyrocket just around the corner, it might be best to consider your options before you pull the trigger. I got a good deal on mine and got it for less than the standard Galaxy S II, and I'd make that decision again, but I might not if the prices were what they are now.

Loved the size of the phone, had been researching it for weeks and was excited to get it. It is not very user friendly and if you never had an andriod before you'll be lost. The back light is BRIGHT! And it drains the battery even if you turn it down. I came from a Blackberry Torch and the Skyrocket takes longer to charge than any phone I've ever had in my life!!!! The battery normally lasts me through the school day but anywhere past 6hrs and the battery is in the yellow. The back cover is garbage,its made of very thin plastic so you DEF need a cover. Another thing that upset me was that you cant customize your text message ring tone, and on my Blkberry I could customize the text and call ringtone to to the specific person. You also have to power down the phone every other day just to keep it running correctly cuz the 4g will stop, and the browser and some apps wont load. I really do love all the other aspects of the phone such as the volume, screen size, home screen customization, picture clarity and internet speed (when its working correctly) but I'm starting to wonder if I should have gotten the HTC vivid...

Like many others I jumped ship from the iPhone when the 4S was released. I loved my iPhone but was disappointed with the lack of a larger screen and same old form-factor. I also grew tired of living in Apple's ecosystem; being tied down to 'their' way of doing things. They make really great products but for me it was time to branch out. I picked up the Skyrocket in early November. Here are my thoughts after using it for nearly two months.Pros:Beautiful and bright screen. One of the best I've seen. Colors are rich and vibrant compared to most other phones I've seen. The large 4.5" screen makes one handed typing difficult but the tradeoff is completely worth it. Games, movies, and web browsing is amazing. It makes it painful to go back to the iPhone.4G LTE. The difference is night and day compared to 3G. If you have an unlimited data plan this phone is worth getting just for LTE.Extremely fast dual-core processor. Apps load insanely fast. I've heard some people complain of lag due to the snapdragon CPU but I have not seen any issues myself.Great camera. Not the best ever (iPhone 4S is better) but it doesn't disappoint. It's one of the best cameras you will find on an Android phone. I've heard people say it's better than the Galaxy Nexus, too.Google apps. Maps, Gmail, Talk, Voice search, etc. They work well and are better than what you get on iPhone. Maps has more features than what is available on iPhone like Labs, turn-by-turn voice navigation, and walking paths, for example. Voice search is as great as Siri on iPhone 4S, minus the gimmicksBattery life is decent. I can easily get a full day on one charge. Granted I used to get two full days on an iPhone but for an Android phone one day is great. Keep in mind android phones are generally more powerful, are able to run background apps, and have faster cellular antennas (4G LTE) which drains battery quickly.Upgradable to ICS (Ice Cream Sandwich). Samsung has confirmed this phone will get ICS. Some say Q1 2012, I wouldn't expect it earlier than late spring/early summer. But honestly this phone is great even without ICS.Light weight. Some say light weight phones feel cheap, and they may be right, but ultimately I want my phone to be light and easy to hold for long periods of time (for reading, watching movies, games, etc)Customization and power of Android. Coming from iPhone this is simply refreshing. You can totally change the look and feel of everything so it suites your needs perfectly. All stock apps can be replaced with better downloadable apps (Email, Gallery, Camera, File Browser, etc) which you could never do on an iPhone. For example I replaced the stock Email app with the Touchdown which has superb Exchange support. Don't like the default keyboard? You can choose from dozens of other keyboards to download and use. (the default keyboard is actually pretty good though).Cons:Samsung/Touchwiz interface. Admittedly I actually like Touchwiz (at least better than any other manufacturer skin) but this added layer is largely unnecessary, especially with Ice Cream Sandwich coming soon. Some parts also look too much like iPhone/iOS, like the text message app, for example.Screen is not HD. The pixel density of the screen is not on par with the Galaxy Nexus, HTC Vivid, or iPhone 4. While it's difficult to make out the pixels, I would have hoped Samsung would have used a higher density screen for a top-of-the-line phone.Plastic body. This is completely a matter of taste but I don't prefer the plastic body of this phone. I was used to the glass and aluminum of the iPhone 4. It's not a deal breaker though, especially if you use a case. And the upside is that the phone is really light weight.Web Browser could be better. The iPhone web browser is generally faster and displays content more consistently. It also has a weird quirk where all your tabs will close a few minutes after you stop using it. I would prefer the browser maintain my open tabs all the time, even between reboots. If someone finds a way around this let me know! Anyway, I use Dolphin browser which is a fantastic alternative.Summary:If you are like me and have used an iPhone for years I don't think you'd be disappointed. The large screen, 4G LTE, camera, and performance you get from this phone make it a great all-around package. Alongside the Galaxy Nexus I believe this is one of the best Android phones you can buy right now.

The battery on this phone is simply unacceptable.  I fully charged the phone, unplugged and used the GPS to find my new dentist's office, it is located about 30 minutes from my house.  I drove the entire time while streaming music through Spotify.  When I arrived at my destination I was shocked to see that the battery was already at 60%, and this is because I kept the screen off the entire time (I was just listening to the voice directions).  Once I got there I turned off GPS and forced closed every running app except for Google Voice (which I use for texts).  When I left the dentist's office 2 hours later, the battery was completely dead!Note that wifi was off the entire time, I only had push notifications for google voice, and there were no running apps beside Google Voice.  To make mattes worse, I plugged in the phone to my car charger (not a cheap chinese one) to get directions by to my house but the phone drained more power than the USB cable could provide!This is unacceptable.  We are not talking about a phone that lasts for a day, or even 12 hours, this phone lasts for 3-4 with light to moderate use.I live in a city without LTE support, but I frequently travel to Washington DC.  I've noticed that LTE does not affect the battery that much, it just sucks every where anyway.I've been using the phone for 4-5 months now hoping that it would get better if I got a replacement battery, but it does not.  I'm selling this buying either an HTC, Nokia, or conforming to the iPhone.

I got my Samsung Galaxy SII Skyrocket last April as my old Rugby rugged phone had it's screen break and I was eligible for an upgrade. Once I figured out how to run things I was in heaven. It is my second smart phone after a Blackberry I used to have and it leaves that the dust. Love all the apps available from Amazon, especially the kindle for android app. Now I can read multitudes of books while waiting for appointments.  The WiFi feature is neat for connecting to my home network or to the local Starbucks hotspot, makes downloads really fast with no data plan usage. 4G speed is great for non-WiFi use. Usually I can get 1 1/2 days out of the battery without a recharge and I carry a car charger in my glove compartment just in case. Owning this pone decided me to get a Samsung Galaxy 10.1 Note tablet a few weeks ago, I love that too. The best part is that it is NOT an apple product.

LTE, 4.5 inch screen, Super AMOLED PLUS screen, 1.5 Dual Core processor, 16GB built-in, Light weight & thin, all of these items contribute to making this the Best phone on AT&T and one of the best Android phones on the market today.  I had the OG GS2 before the Skyrocket was available for sale.  I really love the GS2 but having LTE, bigger screen and better battery was just too hard to pass up.  Feel free to check out phonedog.com, GSMarena.com and pocketnow.com for reviews on this phone and the OG GS2 to better understand all the features.  You can also view well put together comparisons of this phone against other phones on the market.  It is a real quality device even though it may feel very plastic and not offer a metalic, sturdy heft.  If you are looking for a *real* smart phone with technology that provides 'future proofing' then you *must* look at the GS2 Skyrocket.

This is just an awesome phone. I bought it recently(for 1 cent) and really loving it. Only thing I am not happy is the ear buds...I expected better sound quality from them. Other than that, everything is fine. Highly recommended.

I've owned this phone for about 2 months now and love it! I love its huge screen, long battery life, 4G LTE, 1.5 GHz dual-processor, and light weight.You won't regret getting this phone if LTE is available in your city, because it is ridiculously fast! Great for streaming videos and downloading big apps, and even web surfing - the webpages load instantly. Also, the GPS is awesome - it locks right away and very accurate (for most of the time).Draw back: screen resolution could be better for this size of screen. The speaker acts kind of weird sometimes. And I think the touchscreen is way too sensitive at times.

This is a great phone, I have owned it for 3 days now and i really like it. The build quality is great, even though it is plastic. The phone itself looks beautiful and feels great, the weight is also good it doesn't feel to light or to heavy. The screen is one of the best ive seen on any phone. Everything cant be perfect though.I am not in a lte market so i cant comment on that aspect. As far as the phone goes you do have to keep a couple of things in mind. The phone has a 4.5 inch screen, although this sounds great it has some obvious draw backs. With the screen being so big one of the draw backs is size. It is not a comfortable phone to carry around and putting it in you're pocket as well as pulling it out can be awkward. I wear slim jeans and this has become an annoyance. When you talk on it you notice the size, it feels like holding a scientific calculator to you're ear.The second draw back is once again the screen size. This being 4.5 inches it takes up more juice than some of the more standard sizes. I am currently experimenting with ways to reduce battery drain but still end up with a dead phone by the time i go to bed (I am worried about the days i go out and stay up past 11). Another thing that I am concerned about when it comes to battery life is the lte antenna. I am pretty sure lte takes up more battery life than standard hspa or hspa+, and I am a little upset that this phone does not have a switch to turn of the lte antenna. Also unlike most android phones i have used before you do not have the option to switch to 2g networks only, there is probably a work-around for this via the android market but i haven't bothered.I will not comment on the UI because i find that irrelevant on an android phone. Some people complain about Touch wiz but i find that android has workarounds for any annoyances. I use Launcher pro on all my android phones because of the heavy customization that i am able to do. Touch Wiz has not hindered me at all.Regardless of these complaints witch i consider to be minor, i love this phone. I am looking into purchasing an extra battery, this is due to my forgetfulness though. I sometimes fall a sleep and forget to charge my phone and i have always owned extra batteries for all my phones.Oh and one last note, I love the camera on this phone. I find that it is really quick and there is plenty of settings. Recording video is also excellent.

I have had the phone for one week now. It is great, and I REALLY like almost everything about it.The only drawback (but a major one) is the battery: I have charged the phone all night, took it off this morning at 6:30am (and I have not used it at all today, no phone calls, no browsing, really only stand by), and battery power os down to ~50% @11:45am.I cannot imagine where the battery would be if I had had to use it.

The Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket is by far the best phone I have ever owned.  I just recently upgraded from an iPhone 3Gs and the leap in technology is similar to the leap I experienced two years ago when I went from a Blackberry Curve to an iPhone.  The Skyrocket blows my old iphone out of the water in every respect - faster to open apps and get information, faster connection on LTE (which AT&T; has done a great job on btw), bigger screen with great resolution, more customization, etc.  After having this phone for a week, it's safe to say that I am an Android convert and could never imagine going back to IOS or moving to any other platform (something with boring tiles).Pros:-LTE is very fast and HSPS+ is faster than 3g (may depend on area)-Beautiful Screen-Easy to customize to make it your phone (see Go Launcher in Android Market)-Audio quality is great compared to my old iPhone 3Gs-Android Gingerbread is a great OS.  Very polished and fluid (not what Apple or MS fanboy tech sites like CNET will say)-Speed of processor - opening apps, moving from screen to screen, etc. is very fastCons:-Really none that I can think of.  The battery life is average but when you have an LTE connection coupled with a large screen that should be expected with the currently battery technology.  However, the battery life is better than my old 3Gs.  I typically get around 17 hours (100 down to 5%) before I need to recharge with moderate use.  One thing I would recommend is that when you first get the phone, be sure to charge it to 100 and then fully drain the phone below 10% before plugging in again for at least the first week (should almost always do so though).  This will increase the longevity of your battery (number of charges) and increase how long a charge lasts.

Powerful, fast and it runs Adobe flash!  Hundreds of thousand's of Apps to choose from.  Games, top social networking, information Apps and amazing apps to really run a small business on your phone.I have been having Bluetooth issues.  There is always a crackling sound when talking.  And somethimes the Bluetooth won't connected at all.  I often have to reboot the phone to get it to Connect.

I was a happy Iphone 4 user but the 4s is a "meh" upgrade so I decided to try a top tier Android phone and return it if I didn't like it.I'm amazed and delighted. Apple may have intended this thing, but right now they are playing catch-up. I wouldn't count them out in the next round, but right now the top tier Android phones like this one are head and shoulders superior to the Iphone 4 / 4s.For what I do -- Google maps and calendar, email, general web browsing, reading news -- this phone is vastly better feature-wise and performance-wise.4G is to 3g what broadband was to dial-up. The difference is shocking. Google maps refresh instantaneously; New York Times updates in seconds instead of a minute. And that's without LTE. When I have LTE service, speed is insane -- you're carrying a 20 megabit internet connection around in your pocket.Android has been a pleasant surprise. Android has caught up with IOS and surpassed it in many ways. Many things that were hard to do on the Iphone (like task management) are easy and intuitive in Android.Google apps -- particularly Maps, Talk and Calendar -- are far better developed for the Android platform. Some of that is probably the restrictions Apple places on Iphone Apps, I don't know, but I do know these are apps I depend on and I want the best versions. Google Maps does full navigation on Android and has compass functionality, which is a real help getting around.Music -- Itunes is fine but I never liked being forced to use it. Now I can use Winamp, Amazon cloud music, Google cloud etc. -- I have choices and that is a good thing.Samsung's integration is really good. I see a few negative comments about freeze-ups but that has not been my experience. My son has the HTC Vivid, which is neck and neck with this phone. The Samsung is a little lighter because it uses more plastic -- which is fine with me. Some people prefer the metal case of the HTC.This phone will automatically get Android 3 "Ice Cream Sandwich" -- but the current OS is really quite good so I'm in no hurry.Unless you're married to Apple in some way (such as you really love Itunes or Siri), you may want to give this phone a look.

My wife has an iPhone 4. I have a Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket. We both have AT&T.; Now she wants to get an Android.Call quality is magnificent on the Skyrocket. 4G LTE connectivity means that I get better reception than the iPhone 4. The speed of the Skyrocket is what is really impressive. It jumps from screen-to-screen so quickly! I upgraded to this phone from a iPhone 3G and am very happy with my decision. At first Android took some getting used to but I like how it can be customized.The only downside is poor battery life.  Also, there may be less game apps for it than the iPhone. I don't play many games on it so I'm not sure.

Well, there is no free Wi-Fi tethering (wi-Fi hotspot) (unless you root the phone and get rid of t-mobile bloatware connection manager)Also there is no Wi-Fi calling presently, (they promise it sometime soon)get a regular Samsung Galaxy S (previous model) you will have free Wi-FI hotspot and wi-fi calling

I picked up my Skyrocket free from AT&T a little over a week ago when I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9.  I previously had the iPhone 4 and I LIKED that phone.  It wasn't perfect but coming from the HTC TouchPro 2/ATT Tilt 2 it was a significant improvement.  I just had no idea what I was missing until I got the Samsung Galaxy SII Skyrocket!  This phone is just incredible!  Movies are gorgeous on the screen (no lines like a couple other reviewers mentioned), it is bright and the colors are just awesome.  The flexibility and customization are of course because of Android, but this phone flies through tasks at rates my iPhone could only dream of.  Surfing the web is much faster than on my iPhone, multi-tasking is such a non-brainer and need I say flash?!  After a week, this is definitely a love story in the making.  Add in the Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 and I've got my cake and can eat it too.

i have had the phone for about 5 days now and i am very impressed. I have had the Blackberry with blackberry OS 6 and Iphone 4 IOS 5 and this is my first andriod phone and its OS Gingerbread and i have learned how to use the phone and its capabilities for the most part atleast for my use. i dont know why people complain that android is not user friendly, anyway the phone is "big" its thin however very wide but i like the fact that the screen is bigger because i have big thumbs soo when iam typing on touchscreen its much more accurate and i type faster. i went head to head with  a friend of mine that has the iphone 4s on the verison network and the Skyrocket is faster in comparison. the phone has very great nitches that make it a great phone. what i like about the phone itself is that its screen is not like the iphone where you drop the phone your most likely crackign the screen. however my prefernce is my own so if you wanna compare then your going to have to see it for urself.

I upgraded from the original DROID and this phone is incredible. It's speedy, photos are amazing, network (LTE) speeds exceed 50mbps, and HD videos look great. External SD is a plus since I could bring my DROID microSD over. Was waiting for a deal to come out before switching from vzw to att then this phone was $0.01 on Amazon Wireless, so it was a no brainer.Phone is very light and the back is very smooth so I had to purchase a skin for it to stop it from sliding around. Screen quality feels about the same as the DROID. Battery life will get me throughout the work day with moderate to heavy usage. I bought the spare battery and stand so I have very little down time. Wish I could disable touchwiz but it's not that bad.There is a deal of bloatware on here that cannot be removed. Hopefully ICS will fix that.Very satisfied and would buy again even at regular contract price!

Both my wife and I have had this model for about seven months. In general, the phone works as expected. It is fast, and with a 4G connection or wifi handles information quickly. It connects to my D-Link router quickly. The screen is large and bright, which of course, never matters much in bright sunlight. You can boost the screen brightness, which does help, but you still find yourself looking for some kind of shade to huddle in to improve visibility. The camera is great. Nice sharp pictures. I like the design and feel of the phone. I love the vibrancy of the big color screen and the larger type for older eyes.The issues with this phone revolve around reliability, power usage, and general collisions of data syncing against the data package limits from ATT.On the dismal side, both our phones have been replaced once now. Mine was replaced after about a month, because it was eating up battery power at an enormous rate. My wife's phone was replaced after about six months because the camera died. This was not due to abuse of the phone. She has a softside case.I consider the phone a power hog. Maybe it is just me, because this is my first smart phone, and I am not used to power hogging smart phones. The standard 1850 mah battery is too anemic for the features of this phone. I consider myself a very low usage smart phone user.  Generally, I might get and answer a couple of text messages or emails a day, a couple of short phone calls, and I use the internet mainly to get the local weather forecast and occasionally search for something.  We learned very early to engage the Custom Power Saving option, with everything turned off to conserve power. Starting fully charged under these conditions, the battery loses ~25% power in the first 24 hrs. After roughly 48 hrs, power will be down to ~50% and the phone dead by 60 hours. Of course, standby time is listed at something like 10.4 days and total talk time is listed as 7 hrs. To make that come true, I suspect you would have to disable all applications, most services, such as background and active syncing, turn down the screen brightness to zero, live under the cell tower, and barely move the phone around. Basically, you have a pretty dumb smart phone at that point and have commenced living the life of a troll.A curious issue I had not anticipated is the twists and turns we use to avoid running over our 4G/E data network limit of 300 MB. The wise method to avoid the bandwidth limit is to use wifi if you have it). However, as others have remarked, wifi sucks the life out of the phone at an incredible rate. Leaving wifi on continuously, a fully charged battery is drained in just about five hours, and that is with the phone situated near the wireless router. On the other hand, even maintaining updates of apps and whatever forced background service syncing the phone does approaches the 300 MB data package/mo.limit. So the process we have fallen into is to connect to wifi only when we really need the speed, or when downloading or updating apps. Forget to turn off wifi and you have soon have a thin shiny black brick.  Clearly from my view, a bad design tradeoff was made to go with a sleek thin body against functional power for this phone. A larger battery is available, but it changes the form factor of the phone and most common phone cases will no longer accommodate the bigger battery bulge. Often, I can get away with charging once a day to every second day. My wife, who uses her phone a lot more, charges at least once a day to maintain a high charge state.A minor annoyance is that the activation and ringer volume buttons are on the top sides of the phone.  I seem to be one of the few people left who prefer a belt holster for my phone. Pulling the phone from the holster almost always activates the screen and often ends up reducing the ring tone volume to nothing after several pulls.I suspect a lot of my negative comments are true for all or most of the larger screen smart phones, and so to some extent it can be said that my comments are nothing more than sour grapes from someone who expected too much rationale design from today's designers and technology. The bottom line question is would I buy this phone again? The surprising answer is I probably would, unless I could find one with a similar form factor and much larger battery. You learn to live with the quirks of your choices and become used to them.

I have had my Skyrocket for 24 hours, but I must say this phone rocks. I am a platform agnostic since I have a sprint galaxy tab 7 off contract, Ipad 2, mac air, and I just drowned my blackberry. I really like the screen larger so I can read stuff better. My purchased android stuff synced with my phone. I adjusted the email polling to 1 hour during work hours and 4 hours off peak, used powersaver, stopped apps with an easy to use ATT widget and right this second have 83% of battery with 4 hours of fairly significant use including several phone calls, sms, and manual email syncs. I charged it overnight and it came up 100%. Great picture taking. Somehow, it started talking to me, and when i get an sms from somebody in my contacts it does a little whistle and then says "you have a message from Blanche" or whoever. if its a number not in your contacts it states the number. I find this more useful for me than Siri. I am in OKC and we were supposed to have LTE this week, but I havent seen it yet, just HSPA+, but I am getting 5 mbs down, about 2 up inside a dense building, so I am ok with that. It took my old blackberry microSD and can read it fine without reformatting.Pros- screen size, clarity of calls, easy to set up, great apps for me (Amazon had Docs to go for free yesterday!!) and fast, plus that cool sms notification. Great camera.Cons- battery needs love and attention, no LTE yet, but that might not be the phone. Be careful of malware.Overall I am pretty sure I will like this better than the Iphone 4s for now due to speed.

Dropped Apple for a Droid, and wonder why I didn't do it sooner. Great price on the phone, ATT still wants $250 w/contract, get it here for $179. What can I say, it's fast, it does everything and anything you need it to do, and the display is amazingly big and vibrant. In my opinion, for less than a 4s, you can have a better phone than a 4s.

I've checked out what other reviewers have had to say about this phone, and find myself in agreement with most of them.The phone is amazing.Here's what else you need to know:a) data planb) appsc) user manualData Plan: you will need a separate data plan for the phone. My wife has an iPhone 3G, with an unlimited data plan from AT&T.; But that phone doesn't use the 4G LTE network. AT&T; is slowing building out its 4G LTE network, and it  may not be available in your area. You have to buy a plan whether or not you currently have 4G LTE coverage. I was pleasantly surprised to discover that 4G LTE was available in my area, even though the official AT&T; coverage map didn't include it.I bought a 200 megabyte per month plan. It seemed like a lot of bytes. Then I started using my phone. Trulia has a great app that lets you find the houses for sale in whatever neighborhood you find yourself in. You can see the entire listing, just like you can at home on your computer. You can even download pictures (bad idea!) Use an app like this, and the megabytes go down the drain. I went through 30 megabytes in the first 6 days of my billing cycle.So, unless you sprang for an unlimited data plan, I wouldn't recommend streaming movies, or even your music, off the web. And keep an eye on your usage. You can become a data how a lot faster than you might imagine!Apps: there's a ton of apps available from the Android store, and Amazon has done a pretty amazing job of providing apps for the phone on their site as well.So far, so good. The problem is that AT&T; had added a number of their own apps, each of which has a low-cost or entirely free alternative. But none of the AT&T; apps can be removed. They are part of the read-only memory on the phone, and you can't delete them without "rooting" your phone. This isn't a deal breaker for people with some technical smarts (and  who aren't afraid to risk turning a $600 phone into a brick), but for most of us, you are stuck with these things.Very annoying. And, quite expensive. For example, AT&T; offers Family Map (a "find my phone" service) $10 a month. You can find a 99 alternative on the Amazon app store.Yes, the other Carriers do this, too. That doesn't make it right.User Manual: This is a complicated device. It comes with a 20 page Quick Start Guide, and nothing more. I'd like to say the Quick Start Guide covers all the basics, but it doesn't tell you how to answer an incoming call. I hear you saying to yourself, "How hard can that be? When the phone sees an incoming call, it displays the standard green and red buttons. You press the green one to answer the call, or the red one to send the call to Voice Mail."If only it were that easy. To answer a call, you have to "swipe" your finger from the green button across the screen towards the red one. You can push the green button repeatedly, but you will never answer your call.If you dig around on the web long enough, you will find the missing manual for this phone (hint: it's on the Samsung web site). Answering a call is detailed on page 42 (Chapter 3, Call Functions). I think there is something fundamentally wrong with the industry when one of a product's two main functions is buried about one fifth of the way into the User Manual.To be fair, the Quick Start Guide does provide a link to AT&T;'s excellent Tutorials web page. I recommend you go there as soon as you have set up your phone. The interactive tutorials are short and the list of topics is comprehensive. It will take you some time to work through all of them, but it will be worth it.In conclusion, there are two types of cell phone users: those who upgrade regularly, and those who don't get a new phone until they either lose their old one or it breaks. I am in the second category. I only upgraded to this phone when my trusty Treo 680 finally bit the bullet. I don't know when "swipe to answer a call" became such a ubiquitous gesture that it didn't need to be explained, but as far as I am concerned, this topic really belongs in the Quick Start Guie.I think you will enjoy this phone. It's thin, light, and packs a ton of features. Read up on managing your battery life (hint: turn off GPS and Bluetooth when you don't need those services, and invest in a car charger). Also, watch those megabytes (another hint: use your home or a public WiFi network whenever you can, because data transferred over a Wi-Fi connection doesn't count toward your wireless data plan).

First, I would like to acknowledge that the iPhone 4s and the Galaxy S2 Skyrocket are comparable but different phones.  I think the merits of the phone is really what matters and not this pseudo war between iPhone users and Android phone users.  There's a little marketing BS on Samsung's part and Apple has been better about just marketing what they have to offer.  Most importantly,  I think people over-identify with their phone and take things so personally when someone says "my phone is better than yours."  It is just a phone- with lots of fun capabilities.  Anyone who believes Siri is a person (I hear hear so many say "she" like she lives and breathes) or think that their Android phone is the hub or their existence should re-evaluate their lives.That said, I had the iPhone 4G and loved it for about 18 months.  However, when I saw the Skyrocket in the AT&T; store I played with it read up on it and then I went back and upgraded (some might disagree)from my iPhone 4G.  I simply liked this phone and the large customization capabilities.  Although it does not have the pixel density of the retina display, it is a LARGE screen with a barely perceptible difference in sharpness.  However, the stunning color of a Super AMOLED Plus screen can not be beat by an LCD based technology.  I do miss the build quality of Apple but with a hardy case it doesn't bother me so much.  I don't know if a glass chassis is really all that much better.  So to simplify my review here is a list of pros and cons.I recommend this phone because:It is powerful with a 1.5 ghz dual core processor snapdragon s3It has 1 gig of RAMIt has a gorgeous 4.5" Super AMOLED Plus Sreen with scratch resistant gorilla glassIt is very responsive and very fluidIt is 4G LTE for a very fast internet experience and downloadsIt has 8 Megapixel rear, 2 Megapixel forward facing camerasIt has HD Video recording capabilityGingerbread is a very good operating system and it is slated for an Ice Cream Sandwich updateThe battery is removable and you can carry a spareYou can add up to 32 gigabytes of micro SD memoryCustomization is quite diverse in function and lots of gorgeous themes (Widgets, change your icons, and many other cosmetic changes)I can play my iTunes albums I ripped from my CD that once resided on my iPhoneI can connect it to my PC as an external hard drive both for the on-board and installed micro SD card with Windows 7 with no drivers requiredI can transfer video files and play a lot of formatsThere are Siri-like apps that have been available (although not as polished) even before SIRI (speaktoit, jeanie, vlingo)I can acquire super user status of the operating system if one so choosesIt gives me very specific information on which programs are using the most energy and the state of the battery (temp, voltage, percentage)There are a lot of of great free apps and an app to remove annoying ads from free appsOh, and it makes phone calls with great call clarity on both endsMy complaints are:Plastic, plastic almost everywhere (the battery/SIM card cover is a very thin plastic backplate)The battery life is not that great at standard settings and requires me to throttle down the processor (Yes, you can do that but not officially) and bring down the screen brightness to conserve power.  I also wish installing or changing the micro SD card didn't require me to remove the battery/SIM Card cover.Overall, I am happy with my purchase and I just had to share my positive review of this amazing phone.  I think if you want a phone that's at the ready upon activation, buy an iPhone.  I still think it's a great product.  If you like a less refined but customizable phone to tinker with it like I do, this is a great option.  Make it your own!

I waited a long time before upgrading my prepaid Motorola Razor to a high-end phone with a contract.  My patience and research paid off in spades.  I love the larger screen size, voice and hotspot capabilities, superb screen quality, front and back cameras, and superior speed and connectivity.  There is a bit of a learning curve when you first get the phone, mainly because there is so much it can do.  The music and videos I've downloaded are amazing audio and visual delights.  I invested a lot of time, hope, and money into gambling on this phone and I am one hundred percent satisfied with my choice.  I also purchased the Jambox, again five stars, and a hard snap-in case with a firm clip to avoid pocket/purse issues in transport.  Simply delightful.

This is my sixth month owning this devise, and I can't say how much I love working with it. Yes, the screen resolution is not as high as SIII, but the price is ridiculously cheaper at $79 on amazon and $99 straight from AT%T! Everything is great once you break free from AT%T's evil realm of micromanaged, locked, unrooted android combined with Samsung's user interface. Even if you are not a crazy power user/developer like me, you would still enjoy Android 4.0.4 since AT%T lets you uninstall its bloatware really easily right from the app manager without rooting or any fancy term you don't care about. And also you get good battery life with the stock rom as well once you turn on the power recycling feature. You can set it at 50% and once your devices battery drops bellow that level it will automatically shutoff whatever feature you set it to shut off (like wifi, sync, ...) to conserve power. I installed android by CM9 and have been enjoying it ever since. If I have high reception in LTE areas I have experienced peak downloads about 79mbps and peak up loads of about 35mbps around downtown San Jose, CA, and houston, TX. With low LTE reception elsewhere it still peaks under 30 mbps download speeds. This is using Android 4.0.4 on CM9, Radio:I727UCLF6. Best of luck to you all and a stable 4.1.1 will be available around October 2012.

I love my Skyrocket. I researched very carefully and this is the best phone I could have chosen. I am extremely happy with it except for one minor drawback.The one problem that I have is that Windows 7 64 bit OS does not recognize the phone. Microsoft hasn't released the driver yet. It's recognized all of the other MS OS, though. I downloaded Doubletwist Air from the Android Market and I was able to get all that I needed from iTunes over my wireless network, so it was a temporary problem, but I hope that the driver will be released soon. I can use my laptop to charge the phone, but it yells at me about an unknown device being attached.Otherwise, it has a bigger screen than the iPhone 4s and it's faster, as well. Buy this phone.

I purchased this phone after researching for a month. I've been an iPhone user since the very beginning and never thought an Android phone would be for me, boy was I wrong. This phone is like having a mini computer in your hand. Its fast, the screen is huge and best of all, I CAN PLAY FLASH VIDEOS on websites. I must admit that the iPhone is much easier to operate. I can see how a person who is not very technical will have issues with the Android operating system because it can be confusing at times. If you take the time you will learn the system and you will like it. This phone does more things out of the box (not rooted) than my iPhone did after it was jailbroken. I was truly amazed at how customizable this phone is. The only con for this phone is the battery life while using the standard battery. To fix this I recommend buying an extended life battery and getting an app called Advanced Task Killer Pro. The combination of these two items has extended my battery life from about 12hrs, to 36 - 40 hrs with moderate use. If you have an iPhone and are on the fence about the Galaxy S2 Skyrocket, don't hesitate as you will not have regrets.

I initially bought this phone for $199 with upgrade.Later it came for penny. I liked the amazonwireless return policy. They did refund full price and even paid for the shipping cost. I bought the new one again with new phone number because they only allowed that for new line.I had done a lot of research on this phone before the purchase. I liked the phone for price $199 and I like it even better for a penny. Its a great phone with nice and big screen, fast processor, good battery life, good sound quality and overall better looking phone even with its larger size.I was iphone 3GS user before and used that for whole 2 years in contract. Compared to 3GS, its way-way advanced and better. I am loving android very much and highly waiting for ICS update. I was looking for iphone 4S but with the same screen size, no LTE and battery issue, I could not go for it. My main reason for SG S2 was it bigger screen and performance.I have also bought Galaxy S2 for my wife and both are great phones. In my test my wife's s2 is faster than my skyroket but that one has no LTE.I wonder why people pay more price for iphone while they can get better phone for less price....I highly recommend this phone for everybody and when ICS is upgraded in this phone, it will rock :)

I am the consumer who LOVES to do a TON of research before buying a product.  My hope is that regardless of the price, if I am convinced I am getting the best value for the price I won't have to face buyer's remorse or resort to cognitive dissonance.  If you're anything like me then let me tell you, you WILL not face buyer's remorse after purchasing this phone!!!My previous phone was the BlackBerry Torch 1, and while I loved that phone's QWERTY keyboard and BlackBerry Messenger, the phone was starting to drive me insane with slow speeds.  I just COULD NOT be satisfied paying $25/month for a data plan and only get the equivalent of dial-up speeds on the 3G network.  I knew it was time for an upgrade but I was hesitant about switching to an on-screen keyboard...don't get me wrong, touchscreen is fine with me, but I played with each of the first 3 iPhones in-store for about 2 hours and I just could not bring myself to liking on-screen keyboards (or the iPhone for that matter).Before the BlackBerry Torch I owned the BlackBerry Curve, so I thought I'd be a BlackBerry user for life.  It took one mall visit during Christmas shopping where I just happened to walk into an AT&T; store, without actively looking to purchase a phone and played around with a sales rep's Galaxy SII for about 90 seconds before I knew this will be my next phone.  I went into my usual research phase and could NOT find a phone that I wanted more than this one.  The Galaxy Nexus was another option, but ultimately the thin design of the Skyrocket beat out the design of the Nexus (which reminds me of a "TI-83 Plus").  Now I am eagerly waiting for Ice Cream Sandwich for my Skyrocket!The only (minor) complaints I have against the phone are:1) Battery life - But then again, I was ready for this as I know today's smartphones consume a lot of power.2) Samsung's "TouchWiz" UI on top of the stock Android UI - A minor inconvenience...but the phone is so great is something that you will quickly forget and might even come to like.Overall, AMAZING speeds, great picture quality, awesome multi-tasking and just an overall GREAT PHONE!!! Oh yeah, and if you play around with the keyboard settings, you will find something that is comfortable for you, I know I did and thought I'd never get used to it.  Get this phone now!I got mine from an AT&T; corporate store for $150 around Christmas week (2011).

I just bought Samsung Galaxy SkyRocket II phone 10 days back and I started using this phone and the Phone display and Android apps are good  but battery life sucks. I was using Iphone 4 and the battery life is good and the phone charges back with in 30 Minutes. Samsung galaxy to charge fully you need to plug at least 3 hours . The phone shows 100 % charged with in few minutes the battery goes down (Not sure its happening for me alone) ,I faced this situation couple of times in 10 days. The battery status shows 100 % and when I try to make call immediately the phone gets switched off. The phone apps and rest and all are good but think about battery life before you buy this item.

I have been a loyal Iphone customer for as many years as they have been around. When upgrade time rolled around this time, I naturally bought the 4S. It was O.K. but did not really wow me from the 3GS...It had a better camera, smaller screen and siri!! Other than that, Just did not make me proud of the money spent. I was also under the foolish impression that the 4S would be 4G , IT is not even close. My son converted to the Android Nexus and had been showing me what I was missing. I took the 4S back to ATT and switched to this phone. I am blown away with what all I can do with this phone, the speed , and I dont even have access to the LTE speeds yet(coming in next 2 months, here) I would recommend this phone to anyone who is in the market for new smartphone. I am a Apple person to the core, but not with my phones any longer. The single greatest thing I like is that when the upgrades are available, I dont have to buy another phone to get them. My understanding is that IRIS, the Android version of SIRI will be out shortly and simply download the newer version. The apps that come with this phone for free are awesome, and the amount of free apps and a lot less expensive apps are enough to sway smartphone users. Needless to repeat, I love this phone, and the commercials about it. Dont hesitate to buy this phone, and if you are concerned with battery life , dont buy a smartphone. or at least buy a car charger adapter or an extra battery.....You cant have everything !!!  I recommend the Otterbox Defender series case for protecting the phone.

I was a current AT&T; customer and owned a Samsung Galaxy,purchased from Wirefly.com in Nov.of 2010.The phone was fine and met all my needs. I especially liked the large super-amoled screen.I had kept up with all the OS upgrades and my phone was operating on the Gingerbread verson.When I was eligible to upgrade my contract I did some research but kept coming back to the Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket. I was eligible for my upgrade on 4/11/12. I went to the Amazon.com Cellular site and found the phone offered to existing contract holders for $99.99 with a two year upgrade. I followed the steps to order the phone...Model selection,plan selection,text minutes and data usage.Placed it in my cart,entered my Credit card info.I did everything but execute the order. I wanted to visit my local AT&T; store and see if I could get any release date info for the ICS upgrade,release date for the HD Skyrocket and also the Galaxy S III. After gaining ZERO info from AT&T; on all three counts,I signed on to Amazon to complete my order.This was on Friday,4/13/12...less than 48 hrs.since beginning the process. To my surprise my cart was empty! I went back to restart the process and found that in less than 48 hrs. the price of the S II Skyrocket had increased from $99.99 to $139.99. I called customer service and was told that the Amazon Cellular store operated independently from Amazon.com Proper and they could not guarantee prices. This is why my cart had been emptied. If you have ever begun an order with items in your cart but not completed the process you normally receive an E-mail reminding you have uncompleted orders and do you wish to continue.In this case my info was simply deleted.I was told by the Customer "Service" rep that they had no control over pricing and no pre-knowledge of price changes.When it became obvious I was going to receive no consideration I decided to buy elsewhere. I went to a Best Buy 5 miles from my home and purchased the phone for the same $139.99. They swapped my sim card,saw to it all my music and data files were transferred to my new phone and I walked out in less than 45 minutes with the exact phone I had INTENDED to purchase from Amazon.BUT WAIT....IT GETS WORSE! I have always bought my cell phone accessories from Amazon.The price difference between Amazon and the AT&T; store is always huge. I went on line to Amazon 5 days after purchasing my phone. I was looking for a Phone Case,a belt holster and a spare battery. When I searched for these items for the S II Skyrocket it took me to the phones Amazon site.Now the phone WAS PRICED AT $79.99! Once again I was told that Amazon had no responsibility for price changes. I can understand this to a degree....but THREE different prices in less than 10 days? $99.99 on 4/12,$139.99 on 4/13 and $ 79.99 on 4/18 ???? That's totally unacceptable as was the COMPLETE lack of concern shown by Amazon.com's Cellphone dept. I am a 15 year customer of Amazon.com...I've spent Thousands of dollars on their website.I might as well have been a first time user.I had a conversation a few days later with my Best Buy salesman while in the store making a DVD purchase.I mentioned how unhappy I was with Amazon.com's handling of the cellphone purchase. 5 days later I received a $25.00 gift card from Best Buy simply because I was disappointed with Amazon.com!!! THATS WHAT "CUSTOMER SERVICE" IS ABOUT,AMAZON.COM !

This is my 1st Smartphone, and i have to say now i cant live without it. I used to have an Ipod Touch 4th gen and compared to that this thing blows. Im loving android and i rooted this to get it to android 4.0, and its phenomenal. Ive had this for 4 months now and its still blazing fast!! At first i was disappointed with battery life but i got an app called Battery Defender and now this phone has phenomenal battery.Pros:4.5 super Amoled Plus display is a beast, best display I've seen in my lifeandroid is awesome (ill get to the pros of android)removable battery is useful so i can carry extra batteries if i used my phone for over 5 hours straightexpandable SD card is awesome4G LTE is blazing fast1.5 dual core processor is blazing fast and will open everything very quicklysuper light weightCons:battery unless u download battery defender which makes it way longermade of plastic (i like plastic because it weighs less but some people dont)android pros:swypesuper customizablebeing like a computer..android is just better than ios its a factandroid cons:not as many apps as iosmay be confusing at 1st

I absolutely love this phone. However, the battery's a problem. When I first got the phone, I asked the guy in the store about battery life. He said he charged his 2-3 times a day. He wasn't kidding.With Wifi, the battery lasts from 7 am to about 8 pm. That's not using the phone at all except for a few texts or calls.In 4G area, the battery is completely dead by 1 pm. That's 6 hours for 100% to 8%. Charging it in the car will NOT charge it. It just slows the discharge. I bought 3 extra batteries. Fully charged, they'll get me through the day.This is with the phone "off". No live wallpaper, no email checking, display off, power saving mode, no games, nothing.The phone is great. Battery is terrible.If I was to get another Galaxy (and I will), I'll make sure there's a way to turn off 4G. I understand the the phone has 2 radios: 3G and 4G. They're constantly working if the phone isn't powered down. Given that we only have Edge for 20 miles around, it's a waste of power.

So let's give a little back story first - I am an IT guy and previously had an iPhone that left a bad taste in my mouth, so I decided not to get another iPhone when it came time to upgrade. I walked into the AT&T; store and they recommended this device, so that is what I got. So far I have been pretty happy.Pros:PHENOMENAL DATA SPEEDS! I have run the speed test app in Indianapolis and have gotten 30 Mbps download speeds.Pretty responsive too, much better than my old iPhone.Also, works great as a GPS using the Google Navigation app.If you are technically inclined, you can easily root the device and make things run pretty much however you want.Now for the cons:Battery life is pretty good, but it could certainly be better. I need to charge it every night but it gets through the day most days. Typically around 10% by the time I plug it in after checking emails, texting quite a bit and talking a bit.So much bloatware!!! Bloatware irritates me to no end, and I hate that is sits there and takes up space.I am not sure if this is a common problem, but as the device is charging the touchscreen seems to respond erratically. It may not detect my touches and at the same time it may detect touches when my hand is nowhere near it.Overall I would say it is a great device, especially for people who need to get a lot done on the internet.

This phone is great! Before this phone I had an iPhone. Compared to the iPhone the Samsung Galaxy S II skyrocket is amazing! Not only is it a reliable phone but it also more durable than the iPhone. I have dropped this phone many times and it has not only worked completely fine, it barely even has a scratch on it. Overall I will be getting another Samsung phone when my contract is up and I'm eligible for an upgrade. The memory is great, I have many apps, pictures, and music on it and still lots of memory storage. It has many different security options you can choose from. I am extremely happy with this purchase.

This is a great phone if you're never more than 3 feet from a power outlet.  I've done a factory reset numerous times to try and clean it up and remove whatever's taking the battery.  I have Wifi, GPS, and bluetooth disabled almost all the time.  I have the vast majority of my apps set to never update.  I still don't even come close to making it through a day.  Samsung tech support is useless, and AT&T's not much better.  I'm curious if the signal strength is just so weak in my area (NW Denver metro) that constant searching for a better signal is the main cause.  Whatever the issue is, Samsung can't fix it, and the battery will barely last 8 hours in standby.

I'd give this ZERO stars if I could. I've spent at least 4 hours with AT&T; Customer Service on the phone and went into the store too. This phone SUCKS. I'm FED UP. I'm getting rid of it as soon as I decide on a replacement. Reception is almost negligible, usually one bar OR LESS. I keep getting "cannot connect to server" message. It affects web, email and phone service -- which doesn't work at least 95% of the time.I seldom write reviews, but I am really motivated on this product:DO NOT NOT NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!!!!!

I recently began working for AT&T;, so let me get that out right away. As a current Verizon subscriber (my personal phone is a Droid Razr--and I LOVE that phone, too), I wasn't able to get a GS2, even though I wanted one bad. My son (uses Sprint) got his GS2 and I gotta say, after examining his phone for about 15 minutes, I was almost ready to jump the Verizon ship to get one, too...almost. What essentially keeps me where I am is pretty simple: I am grandfathered into my Unlimited Data plan with Verizon and they currently have the largest 4GLTE footprint and I'm not ready to give that up just yet. Even in our area, Sprint STILL doesn't have WiMax 4G capability, so why bother with a provider who probably won't evolve up to LTE until just after the next ice age, by which time everyone else will be up to 5 & 6G? 'Nuff said.So, as I wrote before, I recently did a career change and now work for an AT&T; service provider and as a result, I was given a GS2 to use personally as an employee. Weird, but I signed my new 2 year agreement with Verizon just about 4 weeks before getting the job, otherwise I may not have...First off, there is a slight difference between the Galaxy S2 and the GS2 Skyrocket. The original GS2 only has 3G and HSPA+ (kinda like 3G on Steroids, but clearly not in the same category as LTE), and the Skyrocket is both HSPA+ AND 4GLTE. You get the best of both worlds. It also has a slightly larger display. You may not think going from a 4.3 to a 4.5 inch screen is much, but honestly, I found it truly amazing. One of the guys I work with has about the smallest touch screen phone I've ever seen and cannot wrap his head around a phone with a screen so huge. He'll come around, trust me. Once you get used to a screen 4" or bigger, you simply cannot imagine how you'd ever go back. I hear it from iPhone users almost daily--but keep in mind, this is a personal choice. For some, bigger is better, for others, not so much.The Skyrocket also has a slightly faster processor. Both have dual-core, but the Skyrocket gets a micro-burst from 1.2 up to 1.5 gigahertz. Honestly, I don't think I can see much--if any difference in practical use, but again, to each his own. As for the screen, yes its a tiny bit bigger and yet shares the same pixel density. I must admit, hands down Super Amoled screens not only beat the competition (including the all-mighty iPhone's Retina Display), they demolish it. Now--add to that the fact that both Galaxy S2 phones have a Super Amoled PLUS screen and things that were already great are made even better, NOT an easy task mind you. Just comparing the Atrix 2 with my Razr is night & day...The ONLY screen I say is actually better--today that is--would be the one on the Galaxy Nexus. The HTC Rezound has about the same pixel density as the GN but the difference is clearly in the Super Amoled Plus. Quite literally you've got to compare them yourself, side-by-side to appreciate how awesome the screens are.The GS2 line are expected to receive the update to ICS 4.0 sometime in 2012--but not yet from what I've heard. That update seriously ought to make an awesome phone truly amazing. As for performance, the Android platform has undergone a bit of a transformation from Froyo to Gingerbread and the gain in stability is definitely appreciated. Don't get me wrong, I am NOT an iPhone hater by any stretch. Heck, I sell the darn things, of COURSE I like them. There are two significant reasons why my personal platform of choice is Android: #1 I must have a larger screen. #2 I tinker with my phone almost every minute of the day and as such, being able to customize my phone endlessly as you can with Android is my absolute favorite thing about owning one. The shell looks the same, but from week to week almost everything else changes, and I have yet to find and end to how different I can make it look and act. For me, this is super big. It isn't as obvious to those who are fans of the iPhone because without jailbreaking your phone, you are stuck with what the phone looks like, save changing the wallpaper. What I am constantly surprised from apple is the lack of serious change to the overall LOOK of their UI. Take an original iPhone and compare it with a brand new 4S model and essentially the layout is the same. Unchanged in several years and platform updates. For those who appreciate stability, this may be just fine, but for those who like a new-and-improved fresher UI every now and then, you have an alternative.As for the build of the phone, what can I say? At the moment, the Razr just very well may have the toughest build for a phone without using a case. The Skyrocket and the regular GS2 are a bit flimsy by comparison. I always recommend buyers to insure their phones by purchasing a case which will help to protect their expensive investment. No case is full-proof, but they are not all created equal, either. Screen protectors are important as well--even if your phone has Gorilla Glass, which, while extremely scratch resistant, is still not scratch proof--no phone screen is. The back of the Skyrocket is plastic and honestly this is going to be another one of those items which will either be fine with you or may very well be a deal breaker. Some have referred to the back as so cheap that it would fracture if dropped two feet onto plush carpet. While I can assure you that isn't the case, I WILL be honest and say the phone build is far from super durable. Depending on how you treat your device, you may see fit to protect it--as I encourage everyone to do. The upside to the Skyrocket/GS2 build is how light and thin it is. That is pretty big these days and something you seriously ought to consider before purchasing. Back when HTC introduced the 4GLTE Thunderbolt, when I first examined the phone I immediately decided against buying for the simple reason that it was just much too thick for my taste. Put the HTC inside a carrying case and it becomes even THAT much thicker. It was a deal breaker for me personally. The GS2 phones are thin--not as much as the Razr (or even the Razr Maxx BTW), but still, pretty dang thin, especially considering all it can do. Since this is another personal thing for each individual buyer, I HIGHLY recommend before buying ANY phone, go to a store and wherever possible, handle a phone yourself and get a feel for how it sits in your hands before spending your hard-earned money to buy it only to be upset a week later because its too big--or too small for your hands.The apps available are growing exponentially in the Android Market (over 450,000 at last count, fast approaching apple) which almost makes it a wash if that is why you are choosing one phone over another--but even so, there still are apps exclusive to apple and also to Android. Once again, research is key to making this particular decision.Call quality with the Skyrocket is good to near excellent--thus far. I am happy to say the strength of the calls have been great with strong signal everywhere I've personally taken the phone. I had a vastly different experience with my old Blackberry Bold and the HTC Tilt 2 some years back, and I am happy to report that AT&T; has handled this issue--at least where I currently live. The volume on calls has been excellent as well. The speaker phone is maybe a shade above Good, but thats about it. I'm still waiting for a good mobile phone to provide me with a speakerphone which will suit my needs--meaning loud and crisp without being too tinny on the higher end. So far I have yet to find a model on ANY network which I would endorse as having the perfect speaker. I expect that will change as technology continues to improve, but how long it'll be before one becomes available is anyone's guess at this point.As far as AT&T; Bloatware is concerned, I expect it these days and struggle to find a work-around without the need to root my phone (and void warranty). AT&T; has listened more to customers in this regard than Verizon has. Some bloatware with these new phones can actually be removed whereas Verizon simply doesn't allow it. Again, as another reviewer has noted, just because we have pretty much all come to expect this invasion and use of OUR precious memory on OUR phones, certainly doesn't make it right. ALL wireless companies do this to some degree or another. I personally believe that whoever first allows their customers to delete ANY bloatware from their phones (which isn't critical to phone use), will eventually be the winner in my book. Some of these useless apps take up a ridiculous amount of memory and automatically starts running in the background, whether you want it to or not. Sure, I understand that Android allows for this and re-directs systems processing power when necessary...however, it STILL bugs me. No matter HOW much system resources it uses, I'd really rather not have it use up ANY unless I ask it to. This right here is my biggest complaint with Android. On my previous phones, it would only do what I wanted it to--and only WHEN I wanted it to. Don't get me wrong, Androids ability to multi-task with multiple apps running simultaneously, runs--for the most part--almost flawlessly. Even so, it still bugs the heck out of me. I also know I'm not the only person who thinks this way. There is safety in numbers and if enough of us complain, something is bound to change in our favor. I hear that with the upgrade to ICS 4.0 the ability to delete or disable more bloatware will be fairly standard on most phones running it, but I cannot say that with any certainty...although my fingers ARE crossed.In short, the Skyrocket is just amazing. It works, it does what I want and then some--all in a sleek and thin frame. While not as durable as maybe the Razr, with a good shell on it, ought to provide you with exactly what you bought it to perform. The screen is absolutely brilliant and almost the best I've seen (outside of the Galaxy Nexus). The color saturation with the Super Amoled Plus simply must be seen to be believed. With that being said, I know several iPhone owners who argue that NO phone has a better screen than the iPhone 4 and 4S...again, this is one of those personal things I mentioned before. If you honestly believe the iPhone to have the best screen, then it does...if you believe its the Skyrocket, then THAT phone does. Perception is everything, and as I like to remind myself regularly, everyone is different.I believe you can't go wrong with this device. I DO recommend buying no less than a 3Gig Data plan. You'd be amazed how quickly you can run through the gigs without even realizing it. Better safe than sorry. If you end up not using that much you can always go down a tier to a smaller rate and Data plan which better suits you and your wallet. Again, everyone is different...but you get the picture. Now, if only my company would gift me a Galaxy Note to use for free...

I really like how powerful this phone is.  Unlike some others, I haven't had any problems with battery life. One charge at night while I'm sleeping and it is good until bed time the next night.  My biggest complaint is the Bluetooth.  I have had a Plantronics Voyager Pro headset for about 3 years now and it is the best headset I have ever owned.  Unfortunately, Samsung seems to not support any headsets besides theirs real well and it is a crap shoot whether or not you can get the voice dial function to work with your headset. I am not the only one having this problem, there are complaints on all of the message boards about this issue.  Samsung's tech support is virtually useless. They told me my phone doesn't even support Bluetooth when it clearly does, they have told others that it only works with Samsung headsets, they have told others that voice dial was not included with the phone.  The LTE network is blazing fast, like others it isn't officially in my area, but WOW.I do have trouble reading the screen in direct sunlight.  Also the AT&T; bloatware was horrible, and with no way to uninstall it, it just gets ridiculous.So in conclusion:PROS:Processing PowerLarge ScreenNetwork SpeedsHigh Def Media and CamerasCons:Poor sunlight visibilityPoor Bluetooth compatibility

My battery life for this phone has been very poor, but other than that it's a good phone for people who like Android. Samsung makes good hardware. The problem is just that it's not good value, by now this phone is a little outdated. The new Lumia for example is cheaper and from my perspective a better phone.

I've had this phone for over a week now and I'm pretty impressed. The screen is crystal clear. I was concerned that other phones were coming out with higher resolution screens but the screen on this is gorgeous. The higher resolution on other phones seems to negatively effect battery performance. The battery on the skyrocket last me all day. I browse the internet a lot all day and can still make it home late without having to recharge. I've noticed that the important thing is to always have a strong data connection either through Wifi or mobile so the phone is not struggling. My only complaint is that the phone does not have a notification LED. If it had that it would be perfect.

Sam Sung Galaxy Be detailed and specific. What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long. Aim for between 75 and 300 words.

I've had to dial back everything that sucks electricity to minimum levels. The screen seems to suck the life out of this thing.  And streaming apps kill the battery.  So i dialed back vampire power usage to a minimum including having a black screen pic and only 10% screen brightness. That helped. But twice in the past two weeks, the phone died by 6 pm, and I hadn't made any calls and did maybe an hour of streaming. I'm frustrated and will return it if i cant find a solution. I do like the device, but the battery problem is a relationship terminator.

Fast, seamless, and beautiful. I upgraded from a Captivate to the Skyrocket this month, and was hoping I was making a good decision. The raving reviews I researched were right - it really is a great phone! The Skyrocket is so much faster, the camera is better, the speakers are much better, and I could list many improvements. It also still has the high quality design of a Samsung smart phone that my Captivate had, as well. If you want a nice, well made, feature rich smartphone that has all the bells and whisltes and still makes a great sound quality call, get this one, you won't be sorry!

After using the IPhone for the last 2 years, I upgraded to the Samsung Skyrocket. I have had it for 2 days and love this phone. Granted my Iphone was 1st generation, but I hated it. The Skyrocket has great features including a large screen, navigation, voice search, blazing fast internet connectivity, and 4GLTE which is up and running in my area. I almost don't even need my laptop anymore, and highly reccomend this phone.

I jumped ship and purchased the Galaxy SII Skyrocket after using an iPhone 3GS for over 3 years; and for the most part, I really like it. I like that the Skyrocket is customizable: you can carry around extra batteries, upgrade memory & when available, upgrade OS to the upcoming ICS.However, I spend a lot of time in my car and because of the laws, I rely on my bluetooth connection to talk and well, this phone's bluetooth kinda stinks. Ok, it really stinks! Don't think you'll always be connected just because you didn't turn off bluetooth to save battery life. Oh no. You'll walk to your car, start it, drive away and press the phone button on your car and well, NOTHING! It's enraging! I never had a problem using my bluetooth connection from my car with the iPhone so it is definitely a Samsung Skyrocket issue.Also, I really hate not being able to find all my files once I plug this phone into my Macbook Pro! It doesn't show up on my laptop the way the iPhone did. I can't sync contacts, photos, music. etc. And again, bluetooth sucks! A work-a-round I found is using Google music to upload up to 20,000 songs and using Picasa for photos... but still Ugh!Not sure I'm keeping this phone yet-it feels flimsy in my hand too.What I do like is the Android OS, but this phone is mediocre at best, not horrible though. I'm thinking once ICS is released some of the issues may go away.Why am I thinking of keeping it? Well the iPhone isn't upgradeable and you can't carry around extra batteries...

I've been using Skyrocket for more than one week. I believe it is the best 4G LTE phone in US at this moment, since Galaxy Nexus hasn't been released.Pros:Light & thinSuper good color4G LTE (Hopefully you're in LTE network)High quality front cameraFast CPUCons:Lack of development supportLack of accessoriesNo NFC chipNot HD screen (it is actually 480 x 800)If you love LTE and happen to live inside the network, Skyrocket will be a pretty nice phone for you. The quality of Samsung product is very very good.

Got mine on Amazon for $.01 on the BF deal... Phone is awesome... Battery life is great... Default setting goes to energy save mode when the battery hits 50% then it lasts till about 4AM... I wish AT&T had an unlimited data plan like Sprint does...

Coming from an iPhone it didn't take long to get used to the interface. I still prefer the iPhone interface but Android is OK too.Good:- very fast- large screen- open (can site load apps and can install the Amazon appstore)- slim- lightweight- can use an sd cardBad:- hard to hold in your hand because it is too slim (a case can fix that)- hard to operate with one hand- battery life (won't last a full day even with minimal use; you need some battery saver app like Juice Defender)- the colors are indeed a bit blueish (it doesn't bother me much)- there is an annoying bug with network connection being cut while screen is off. This makes streaming music very annoying, after 1-2 songs it just stops, if I unlock the phone it will resume playing.

i like the phone ...its really coolworks wellbad stuffbattery doesnt last longatt put lot of bloatware in it..so apps run that u dont want to run ...u cant stop or remove these apps...thats it...the coolest feature i like isi dont need to type messages...i can  just say them..

This is my 3rd Android phone.  I started with the Atrix, and then the Infuse because of the larger screen and now I needed a faster phone.  The Skyrocket is a great upgrade from the Samsung Infuse.I use the GPS a lot in the cell phone.  I like to use Google maps instead of a seperate GPS system in the car.  I also use the GPS when walking for exercise.  The Atrix has a great GPS, this is true for the Atrix and the Atrix 2.  Both of the phones have faster GPS lock on than the Samsung phones do.  The Infuse was the slowest of all The infuse GPS takes so longer that I would be done with a 3 mile walk and still be waiting for the GPS to lock on.  The Skyrocket is fairly fast.  Not as fast as the Atix 2, but it is pretty fast.Processor Speed:  The Skyrocket is a dual core processor with the addition of a GPU too.  The phone is rather fast.  For compare; the Infuse takes just over 1 minute from power button press to phone lock screen.  The Skyrocket does the same thing but taking only 20 seconds or so.  Olive Tree Bible read is about a 7.2mb sized program took 12 seconds to load on the Infuse and 4 seconds on the Skyrocket.  The Infuse does turn off quicker than the Skyrocket.Phone design:  The Skyrocket is slick, as in slippery, the outer case is smooth and more prone to being dropped.I am not that excited about the phone.  I will be returning it and getting the Samsung Galaxy note in a few weeks when it comes out.

I parted with my Blackberry Torch a few days ago & let me tell you there is NO going back to my (former) beloved Blackberry. The Galaxy is just a fantastic phone!! I LOVE, LOVE the graphics---they just pop at you & you can SEE all the words, letter, numbers, pictures, etc with a clarity that hasn't been seen on any phone. (I always thought everything was too small on the Blackberry, iPhone, etc...and "no," I'm not old). The phone has great sound quality, fits really well in my purse and is super fast. Stop reading all the stuff about battery life----just charge the thing if it needs to be charged. My charge keeps the whole day---no biggie. The phone is just cool! Save your money on that iPhone you really want---the Galaxy blows the iPhone out of the atmosphere (pun intended). :) Best wishes!

First, there are plenty of good reviews here that tell you all the details about this incredible mobile phone so I won't try to repeat them. I'll just tell of my experience and some of the things I like so far!I've used the phone about three months now on an ATT corporate plan. What that means is the company buys a mass amount of services for it's dozens of phones at a highly reduced rate and we all share in those services. So in essence, I have unlimited usage, unlimited texts, unlimited data, etc. That's really the way to go if you can find a company plan to get on or a friend is on one and they resell to others.I'm a holdout from iPhone. I had and used the 2.5 up until three months ago. I can't tell you how much I love the Skyrocket! I love the super bright and super clear screen. As has been mentioned before, this phone on the LTE system just screams! It is so fast connecting. I've used it across the country now and I've not had one slow connect or use of service. Your mileage may vary but so far, I'm extremely impressed and this truly is the best cell phone I've ever owned (and I've owned a dozen over the years all the way back to the Motorola brick).There are hundreds...no...thousands of apps for this phone and you'll find yourself downloading too many, more than you'll ever use! Be aware that the more apps you install, the more will run in the background. I suspect that the few negative reviews that I've read are because folks downloaded a ton of free apps, installed them not knowing they run in the background. But I'll recommend two to have and use from the start.The first is a widget that came already loaded in the phone. It just lets you know what apps are drawing power from the phone and gives you two options to stop them: 1) Stop All, or 2) Stop each one individually.The second is Juice Defender. They have a free version and this really does turn things off as you set it up to, and keeps my phone battery to where I only have to charge it at night while I sleep and many times, still have juice to spare. Make sure you have the Android Active Applications widget and Juice Defender (free version) and you'll tame the battery usage that can easily get away from you.I have my Skyrocket in anOtterbox Defender Case & Holster for Samsung Galaxy S II SkyRocket LTE SGH-I727 Black/Grey [AT&T; Retail Packaging] and I'm completely happy with the phone and case. Since there are so many others who have gone into great detail, I won't be redundant. It's an awesome phone with awesome speed, a fantastic screen and thousands of free apps. No wonder it keeps getting voted as an Editor's Choice from so many sites and magazines.Recommendation: If you are in the market for a new mobile phone, do consider the Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket. They are running some great deals on them right now!

This phone drops 4G connction everyday or two and need power down cycle to bring back the 4G connection.  Samsung tried 3 times to fix but problem got worser: signal strength various between 5 bars to 1 bar from original stay at 4 bars.  Compare iphone, this one is way too unstable.  No worth for the speed gain when have to face functional failure.  I will stay with Iphone for my next upgrade and will never buy any Samsung products.Addition disappointment:Today I received a software upgrade.  Guess what:It should only take serval minutes to complete.But the software freezed my screen regardless of take out battery and hard reset.I need to send the phone in again.  A total one month the phone is in Samsung serviceinstead of my AT&T; phone service.Whoever released the software upgrade should get fired.

Wow this phone is such a beast!!! I came from the iPhone 3g which I had for three and half years and all I can say is i've been missing out big time!!! This phone is so blazing fast it handles any task with ease. From browsing the market and playing games to viewing flash heavy websites, this phone does it all without a skip or stutter. I have yet to experience any lag ( if there was it wasn't enough for me to notice). I also really love the customization. You can have live wallpapers, widgets, different web browsers, messaging apps, and keyboards, and much more. The camera on this phone is stunning. It takes very good pictures and the 1080p video recording is awesome. There are lots of different camera optiona allowing you to tweak your pictures and videos to your liking. The front facing camera takes good pictures, nothing amazing obviously, but still good for being a front facing camera. Now for the battery life. I heard alot of bad things about battery life on Android phones, and this phone having a 4.5" screen and a 1.5GHz dual core processor, I was a little worried, but I'm happy to say I get great battery life. I'm on my phone alot and still manage to get 6-7 hours( and that's with extremely heavy use). With moderate use I coils make it through the day pretty easily. I don't have LTE where I live but I still average speeds between 5 and 8  mbps (my iPhone 3G would get around 1.5 mbps tops) so these speeds are awesome. Call quality is excellent and I great great reception pretty much wherever I go.PROS: Everything runs as smooth as butter with miniscule lag thanks to dual core processorBasically unlimited customization optionsHigh quality cameraVery good battery lifeGreat data speeds and alot better if you're in an LTE areaExcellent call quality and coverageGPS is outstanding and can pinpoint location in secondsVery good wifi radio (can pick up wifi from pretty far away)4.5" screen makes watching video, playing games, and surfing the web so much betterThe super amoled plus display makes everything crisp and clear (the resolution is only 800x480 but it's not that big of a deal it's still an amazing displayCONS: The 800x480 display might not be good for some peopleIt is a big phone so people who wear skinny jeans or people with smaller hands might not like it as muchNo SD card but it does come with 16GB of internal storage and you can get a 32GB  SD card for $30 or less and most people already have one so it's not that big of a dealIf you're coming from an iPhone you might have trouble adjusting because Android isn't you as user friendly as ios is but there are lots of videos on YouTube and alot of websites that can help you out and once you know what you're doing you will love AndroidCONCLUSION: It was hard for me to even list cons for a phone this great. I don't consider any of the cons I listed to be cons at least to me, but I know some people might so I figured I'd put the ones that might be cons to some people. Overall I would say this is an extremely good phone and I highly recommend it to everyone who is looking for a new smartphone that wants comfort in mind knowing they're spending their hard earned money on a something they'll enjoy using each and every day, a high quality device that handles pretty much everything extremely well without skipping a beat. If you live in an LTE area or not this phone is well worth the money and won't be outdated right away. It's supposed to get the ice cream sandwich update early this year so there's no need to worry. I am enjoying this phone so much I don't regret getting this phone one bit and I know you won't either. If you get this phone I hope you enjoy it as much as I do!!!This is my first time writing a review for anything so I'm sorry it's so long but I like this phone so much I felt I had to leave a review!! I hope this review was at least a little bit helpful in helping you choose your next smartphone! Have a great day everybody!

I love it!  I did have some issues initially with the set up and not receiving or being able to send MMS or SMS messages at first.  I had to get a new LTE SIM card and download an app called "Tweakker" (it's free) and it was off and running so if you have the same problem I had, please try that before getting upset with the customer service clerk (they've just got to do their job, too, ya' know).  You do sometimes have to turn the wifi off to receive MMS messages because it disables your data, fyi.The phone itself has a beautiful picture, is pretty simple to use and get started with.  It is a lot bigger than other phones available and it took me a bit to get used to using two hands for it, but it's so nice to be able to see and read everything without feeling like you need a magnifying glass.  I would recommend a good cover/case for it because it is pretty slippery and it would be heartbreaking to drop it and crack the screen the first day.Very pleased!  Hope you like it, too!

Android Galaxy S2Awesome smart phoneLet me start off by saying, this is an awesome phone, and it's totally worth buying!Yes the price is a little expensive, and the Android Galaxy S3 just came out, but it is huge and the Galaxy S2 is smaller, and great!You could compare it to an iPhone, but its way better.  Everything is HD!  The displays on the screen, videos, apps, camera, and more are sharp, bright, colorful, clear, and perfect lighting!Also, you can choose from varieties of creative locks, and wallpaper for your lock screen!  (No more intruders!)One of my favorite parts is picking out a moving, touch sensitive, live wallpaper!  I should also mention how it multitasks perfectly, no freezing up!There is also a bunch of free apps on the app store that Apple doesn't have!  I just really wish it had Siri.It connects to WIFI great and is 4g!The camera on this phone has very great quality.  It can focus on the smallest things and enhances the photo.  And it also has a great front camera.Sadly, I was sitting down by a river, when my shoe had fallen in. I bent down to grab it, regretfully, and this phone which had always been too big to fit into my pocket slips and bam, into the river.  I quickly grabbed it and went back to my friend's house and put it into rice immediately.  But it didn't help; my poor Android went straight to the afterlife.  I wish the Android Galaxy S2 was pocket sized, and waterproof.In conclusion, I think this phone is best for adults and teens.  It would probably be too confusing for little kids and the elderly.

after 2 weeks of getting anecdotal reviews from skyrocket users; reading countless online reviews; and comparing specs to other phones, i bought this android to update my shattered htc aria, which i originally bought because of its simplicity & size. i bought this phone through the amazon wireless site & it was shipped to me a day early, yay! after less than a week of use, i realized the speaker was not functioning properly, so this ridiculously fast phone...couldn't be used as a phone. there are no places to take this phone to have serviced (keep this in mind when buying). i went to an at&t; store & spoke with a suport tech & was told he returned 2 of his for the same reason. so, i sent it back to amazon who gladly said they would refund my $$ or replace the phone.here comes the fun part. since this purchase was credited to my 2yr upgrade, i had to resort to going back to my smashed htc aria, which was running terribly buggy since "older" android models do not support at least the last 2 software upgrades. so, my phone crashed 2x & was stuck in a software update loop while i waited for amazon to confirm my skyrocket being returned. not only that, i then had to call them back to have them reset my at&t; 2yr upgrade, which is not done automatically.finally, i went with the iphone 4s, since this was such a hassle & there is no retail or tech location that repairs or replaces androids, unless they're bought directly from your carrier's retail locale, so keep this in mind when buying from amazon wireless. i was very hesitant to join the army of iphone users, but the software upgrades come out so quickly & i'm not a savvy programmer that knows the ins & outs of debugging my phone. my final reason to go with the 4s was because of syncing ease & backing up.i don't mean to badmouth amazon or the skyrocket, but i've got small hands & this phone is huge! one of the great features of this phone is the "swype" option to type. it almost kept in the android family, but sadly...size & faulty hardware led me to join the apple community, which i'm happy with so far...fingers crossed.

I have had this device for 2 months. It is fast, the screen is bright and it is very light. However, I would not purchase this now as the S3 will emerge soon. This was cutting edge but isn't any longer. The MOST annoying thing for me is the onscreen keyboard. It is basically terrible. The keys are very very small and this makes for lots of difficulty typing correctly. The spacebar is too narrow as well.  Prepare yourself for many mistakes and backspaces.Also, this device will NOT play flash over 4g. I downloaded a movie from Amazon but when trying to play it I received the error about flash must be installed to play this...etc. I've tried about a dozen times to do this. Samsung, should it be so difficult to play a simple movie or video over 4g?Also, the power button is directly opposite the volume control. What this means is that when you want to turn down the volume, you tend to hold the opposite side of the phone (where the power button is) so you can press the volume, and 5 times out of 10 I end up turning off the phone accidentally. Bad design.Now, about the phone itself. Noise suppression is on by default or the cell phone. This always is worse quality than when it is off. So, I have to press the menu button and deselect noise supression for EVERY call. Very annoying and unnecessary.The screen rotation function is very slow. Usually you have to wait about 2 seconds for the phone to rotate. I don't know much about ICS since I don't have it yet. Maybe things will improve.

I bought this before the 4.0 update came out and everything was working just fine now I updated and everything is sluggish and doesnt seem to work right my wifi keeps disconnecting and no matter how far away from my router I am i never get more than a 2 out of the 4 bars and then it constantly drops web pages will take for ever to load sometimes and others it will be lightning fast if you have this phone and haven't updated yet I wouldn't

Had this returned it and now I am back. Just bought the white one with a white case. Looks cool.Got fed up with Verizon and came back to the skyrocket. Display is really nice. I liked it better than the HTC rezound which has a higher resolution. THe 4.5 inch size is not bad in hand. Feels good and of course great for videos. The sound is loud which is important to me as I watch youtube and netflix. Has all the latest specs. I was going to stay with Verizon just for ICS. but as usual they cannot get a do a launch proper. Who knows when it will be out. then theres the fact they are disabling Google wallet. I actually get a better discount from work with ATT.The things I do not like about it from HTC compare. Email does not have check boxes to quickly delete. You must long press and get the menu and hit delete. Samsungs email is always lagging. Take a few minutes to get the delete done. No restart like HTC. No ability to create a ringtone from your loaded music with a menu option. I really miss this.Performance is good. LTE not as fast as Version but if you get at least 5 down, does it matter? Record down on verizon is 34+. Record down on skyrocket is 22 down.  Not a real issue. Phone does not lag (except for the email I mentioned above). Browser good but I still get the blue bars when I page down on left and right sides.Whites have the blue tint. I read you can adjust this but I have not tried as yet.ONce this phone gets ICS, it will be better than the galaxy nexus ( I think)I tested camera last time I had it and it is very good.A great phone to get if on ATT and even to switch like I did.

I got this phone the day it came out.... all I can say is awesome!! Phone is super fast both internally and with its 4G LTE network. My wife has a Iphone 4 and we did a speed test and this phone hands down runs twice as fast on regular 4G (not LTE). I am not in a LTE zone so i dont get it yet, but its nice to have the option. Battery life, no complaints... i use it alot so i expect it to go down. i charge it when i go to bed, works fine the whole day. Screen is amazing. The sound is clear too and the speaker phone actually allows me to hear things. Its a bit pricey (but what isnt these days?). This phone is everything i need in a phone and more. IMO it blows the Iphone out of the water. I recommend it!

I am what you would call an Apple "fanboy." Come to my house, and you see a ridiculous amount of apple brand gadgets, from iMacs, mac minis, macbooks, ipads, apple TV, ipods, etc... the list goes on..But after being first in line for the iphone 4, and then getting the 4s, I was starting to be a little leery, wanting something different, the 4s let me down, with all the usual apple hype and rumors, I, amongst others, was a little disappointed.Poor battery life, little square heavy design, I wanted something different...Enter in the samsung galaxy skyrocket. I have never owned an android product, always been against them and windows phones, so this was a big step for me. Now after using it for a week +, I can tell you one thing, I'm a convert.Granted, I still choose mac OSX over windows, but this droid product is awesome. The screen is beautiful gorilla glass, the processor speeds and overall navigation is flawless, and ease of use and learning is very fast.The battery life can be poor if you have a lot of push notifications and text alot, but not much different from what we got out of the iphone 4s.I would recommend this phone to anyone that wants something different from the crowded market of iPhones. Samsung makes a great product, and I have always and will always support their company.Try it out for yourself, you won't be disappointed. My wife is an iPhone user and already has her sights on the soon to come Samsung Note.

Received the SGSII Skyrocket a couple of days ago and have been playing with it.First Impressions:The first thing that stands out is the simply amazing screen: colors look absolutely vibrant and saturated (compared to the LCD screen on my older DroidX).Another item of note: for some reason, my number porting didn't go smoothly. Outgoing calls started working almost immediately from the new phone, but inbound calls still landed up on my old one. I had to place a call via AmazonWireless to AT&T; to push the activation through. Small inconvenience, though.Hardware:Phone feels well-made but really plasticky, which is a good and bad thing. Good: it is really featherweight (again compared to the DroidX), and bad: the battery door almost feels like being broken off each time I take it apart. The volume rocker is in an awkward position, right opposite the Power button; most often I end up lowering the volume when switching on the screen. Otherwise, the phone sits pretty well in hand. One word of caution: it is REALLY slippery, you will need to get a cover/case pronto for better grip.Internals:Phone is blazing fast. The browser flies through mobile and non-mobile web pages on my wifi connection (haven't tried AT&T;'s 4G yet). Phone is pretty responsive to all screen actions, and I haven't found a single issue of lag yet.Call quality:No issues here. I could hear the other party loud and clear (had to bump up the volume button manually though), and vice versa. I haven't had a chance to try the speakerphone or bluetooth yet.Software:This is my first use of Samsung's TouchWiz interface, and I like it much better than Motoblur. There are 7 screens provided, with a pretty good array of inbuilt widgets. All usual suspects are present: weather, news, agenda, calendar, clocks and so on. Curiously enough, I couldn't find a way to get a numeric battery level indicator (DroidX has this in Settings); downloading a custom battery widget from the Android Market solved the issue.Video playback of low and high-def clips (from Youtube and Vimeo) worked flawlessly. The clips played real smooth and crisp with good voice quality. I did not try music playback yet, so cannot comment on that.One app that I really like is Kies Air: this lightweight webserver built into the phone makes file transfer between phone and PC a breeze.I did notice slightly quirky behavior with the ambient light sensor: the screen brightness wouldn't adjust correctly based on the surroundings. I'm not sure this feature is working correctly. However, there's a simple way of getting around this by disabling 'Auto-adjust Screen Brightness' in Settings.Camera / Camcorder:Camera is better than ones I have seen on other phones. It takes great outdoor photos (like all other 8MP phones), and better-than-average low-light pictures. They are still a bit grainy, so don't dispense with your point-and-shoot / SLR just yet.Camcorder has a strange issue though: it seems to continuously auto-focus as you are taking clips. A couple of times, it strangely went out of focus right in the middle of recording, resulting in a few seconds of blurry footage. I never had this problem with my DroidX.Wishlist:The 800x480 resolution feels really low for this gorgeous screen, I wish it was 1280x720.Final thoughts:Barring a few minor shortcomings, this is a great product which I would recommend anyday (unless you are waiting for the Galaxy Nexus).

Having used this phone at an AT&T; store in Washington DC comparing  HSPA+ and LTE, it seems that loading times for video content are much faster. I currently have an HSPA+ phone, being able to stream the same content took  5-10 minutes longer.Please also keep in mind that this phone is very large, in case you're looking for a smaller/compact model. This Samsung does seem like it would be great for watching films/video on the go.AT&T;'s HSPA+ service is very slow around the country, including several large metro areas. Having had experience with T-Mobile's HSPA+ service and call quality, I am disappointed with AT&T; to the point of considering breaking my contract (poor call reception/dropped calls/low data speeds over "4G" HSPA+).

This is a cool phone, except it does not work with Exchange server using Exchange ActiveSync.  Everything works except the test of incoming emails does not display correctly.  There is a bar at the bottom of every message that says "Load More Details".  If you press this, it wordwraps correctly.  This is not an Android problem as other Gingerbread phones work correctly.  It is a Samsung Galaxy SII Skyrocket problem.  If you you Exchange, don't buy this phone.It is now a couple weeks later and I gave up the Skyrocket.  The phone ran hot and used up the battery on standby with only email and text running.I switched to the Nitro HD and found it to be a far superior phone.  Most surprising is the improved quality of the gps (grabs a signal immediately instead of the five minutes or so of the Skyrocket)

This phone has a very crisp display, and extremely fast.prior to this phone I was using the DroidX with VZW.I have owned the following prior to this phone:DROID (OG)DROID IncredibleDROID 2DROID XLG AllyGalaxy S

The Samsung Skyrocket (SS)is a really full featured phone including a very useable GPS function.  I can recommend this phone as one of the best smart phones out there - including the Apple iPhone 4S. The main feature is good sensitivity for reaching the network and very high speeds. That said, I was about to return this phone because of its really poor battery life. The standard battery that comes with the Samsung Rocket is not adequate for even normal useage of the phone for a day without recharging. I suggest that you download Battery Defender. With Battery Defender (BD) I've used the phone (a few calls, some web searcing, and downloading some apps) for about 14 hours off and on and have over 70% of the battery left. For similar activities yesterday, the phone needed to be recharged halfway through the day, and then again overnight. I have not used the white-list feature, and see no real need for it. I've now used the Samsung Rocket with BD for a while. The battery easily goes 2 days. Samsung should bundle this app with the phone. Excellent!For this Android phone and many others, there are a few free app downloads (other than games) to make your experience a good one. 1) Battery Defender 2)DropBox 3)Evernote 4)QuickOffice, 5)Skype, 6) Weather Channel 7) SafeNotes 8) SecureNotes, and 9) Skyvie.  There are plenty of other apps that you might want, but this basic set will make your phone much easier to live with. Of course, 7 and 8 duplicate each other somewhat. Perhaps, you can figure out why both together are better than either alone.

WOW That's an awesome phone.Those are usually the words I have been hearing from my coworkers, friends, and family. I bought the phone Sunday after putting up with my iPhone 3GS shutting down at 7x% battery life and reading my ebooks on its small display, which probably was not good for my already bad eyesight (especially reading at night). The build quality appears to be great, the material used for the phones body is plastic and I would have liked it to been something more durable, like what the Apple Macbooks (aluminum I think) are made from. But I'm sure there are engineering considerations and costs that prevent.The phone itself looks beautiful, but it feels really clumsy in my small hands and I am always afraid of dropping it, which is one of the draw backs to this phone (my iPhone was perfect in my hand and I could easily grasp it and walk around like a boss! (like Ari Gold in Entourage!)).The weight is unbelievably light, as if there's no battery or internals.The display is quite possibly the best I have ever seen on phone, I have not been this impressed since my first iPhone 3G; the displays colors are very vivid and I enjoyed watching movies like Lilo & Stich, Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, and Macross: Frontier (wear your headphones to get the 5.1 sound going).iOS 5 to Android Gingerbread 2.3Migrating from the iOS to the Android platform has been a bit difficult for me since I don't have many (if any at all) friends with an Android device to show me around and how to do things or what the various notifications along the top mean (why are some grey and others in color?). The UI is very, very intuitive after a hour of playing around (I keep forgetting to go to Applications to find my apps instead of scrolling across the screen) and the default Home screens are already populated with Widgets and Shortcuts.Talking and browsing on the phone.Right off the bat, the first thought that went into my head as I talked for the first time on the phone was that I was holding my 1st gen Sony PSP (cause of the display being so beautiful) and then I thought or a Texas Instruments TI-86 to my head.I live in San Diego, CA and I believe we are in the 4G market (the 4G icon appears), and so far the only apps I have used to transfer data is Tumblr, Facebook, and E-mail, and some web browsing. The data transfer is seems to beShutterbugI love taking pictures and never go anywhere without my Nikon D90 near me. My iPhone 3GS was my secondary and used in conjunction with apps such as instagram and tumblr, I was very happy. The Skyrockets camera is so much better with its quicker response and additional features. I will miss instagram since the developers are only focused on the iOS platform.

This is the best smart phone I have owned. It's better than iPhone 4 & 4S, because: faster network speed, faster app load time, bigger screen, support flash, switching between apps are so much EASIER. you can even download bit torrent file on it! 4G LTE speed is incredible on AT&T network. hundreds of customization are available. I am very glad I chose this phone over the iPhone 4S.

After using this phone for a week, I ended up returning it. The physical phone is phenomenal! The build quality is great, screen is great, camera is good but none of that means much when you can't use the phone because the battery is alwasy dead. I would charge the phone every night and by 2-3:00PM the phone would be dead. I found myself putting the phone on the charger every chance I had. To add to the frustration, many times the battery life indicator would still show full charge after 4hr of use....then shutdown for low battery. I worked w/support and tried different battery/phone combinations. My final though....Android + LTE are not suitable for users that want all day battery life.I'm going to try the Window version of this phone (Focus S) because I really did enjoy the physical build.

50MB download & 10MB upload real life speeds after minor tweaks.  Quadrant scores equal to or better than the Euro GS II.  AnTuTu scores better than the Euro GS II.  Battery life better than my previous 3G/4G phones (iPhone, Inspire & Infuse).  I bought the phone ready to accept sub-par performance in exchange for high end download speeds and am shocked at how good it really is.  Instant page loads.  60fps gaming.  No lag at all.  A++++++

Can my tmobile sim card go in this phone i have heard that most of att phones can take the tmobile sim

This is a great phone ! Loving it so far..found few glitches like call drop / network reset  but not sure yet if it is due to power saving mode or any bug in the phone. UI is smooth and display is awesome. Didnt like the camera much ,but then you have tons of android apps for camera.. I hated my previous Android phone - Google nexusOne and thought of waiting for a while before I try a different one. And glad to buy this device. The samsung keyboard is awesome too!Pros: Awesome display, easy and cool UI, Google Navigation is a Plus plus ! , Widgets and shortcuts and light weight (lighter than my Iphone 3GS)Cons: No voice app in Android which can update the calendars , bloatware from AT&T; which can't be uninstalled, Not so great speaker but the music plays pretty good in my BMW. (By the way - dont use the AT&T; navigator app that comes preinstalled in the phone. When you click on Terms and Conditions - you are agreeing to pay $9 monthly for that service. It is absolutely ridiculous since the Google Navigator is free and does the same job !)

I got this phone at AT&T; store and overpayed by about $50, wish I knew about amazon wireless before.  I am a long time iPhone user, before that treo.  I had played with other androids before and they seemed less refined than iOS.  The skyrocket changed all that for me.  Awesome interface, amazing responsiveness of dual processor,  very impressive LTE speed in Baltimore.  I was in love and ready to ditch my iPhone 4 for good.  Then I tried watching some movies and in my totally dark bedroom the quality looked like crap.  Lines, lines, everywhere.  I thought maybe it's just me, but then I googled 'Samsung rockstar lines' and could see that everyone and their mother was seeing these lines once the brightness is low in a dark room.  I am sorry but I expect a flagship phone with 4.5 inch screen to work well wih movies.  This is a common defect with these phones, but neithe AT&T; nor Samsung acknowledge it.  AT&T; refused to exchange the phone and demanded 35 buck for a  return.  The jerk at the store actually was upset at me for complaining about a few lines.  I am sad, because apple needs a good rival, and I had big hopes for this Samsung flagship phone, but the companies failure to admit a major screen defect more than 1 month after hundreds of users online have reported and replicate it,  is unacceptable.  I am typing this on my trusty old iPhone 4, 35 dollars poorer and a tmobilr customer, with slower 3G, but at least I still have my dignity.PS: if you never watch mOvies or high res photos on your phone it's a great little devIce and I feel almost bad giving it a low rating, but given the price I expect better QA and communication from both manufacturer and carrier.

I owned original iphone, iphone 4 and now android phone.I would never pay more than $50 or free for any adroid phone.I am not getting hardware support and software (with update that never available ontime) support for android phones. Not every one knows how to root and get latest android OS.I am regretting to have phone thats bricked with same crappy software for more than 2 year now.

Very fast, yet not much support.No jb for it yet, but on xda developers you can grab cyanogen nightly builds at the time of writing. They aren't 100% stable though, but I use it for my day to day.My biggest complaint is that the audio is awful.If you plug in headphones, you will instantly hear hissing, and this is with two of these phones. I've tried several different headphones, it just has a horrible SNR.My old htc evo was much better.Here is an easy way to test this:Play a song, then pause it, you will hear static, and then it will cut off. You can still hear it when music is playing, but it's not as noticeable.

If you have the Samsung Captivate and have been suffering from the poor GPS of that handheld don't hesitate to upgrade to the Skyrocket.  It was the first thing I tested on the road yesterday and it is spot on.  Locks in a few seconds and tracked me with zero issues even on a cloudy day.  No more having to carry a GPS dongle for navigation.  The larger screen does make it easier for watching the GPS.Battery life also seems better than the Cappy.  Even with the larger screen.  About 10% battery usage every 2 hours.  I've added the free Juice Defender app and put that on balanced usage just this morning so we'll see how it goes compared to stock.Having 4G speeds is another nice upgrade from the 3G world.  Everything just loads so much quicker.  Though I'm sure the dual-core processor doesn't hurt.Apps can be moved to the SD card.  I haven't tried the WiFi tethering but the app is included with the stock ATT build.I was able to quickly pair it with my GOgroove FlexSMART X2.  I was able to play music through the bluetooth unit in my bluetoothless car.As other people have mentioned the built in speaker sounds surprisingly nice.All in all the Skyrocket is hands down the best phone experience I have seen yet.

I moved from an iPhone 4 to the Samsung Skyrocket and have not regretted a second of it. Ive had it for,what, 4-5 months now. I like it as much or more than when I first got it. The only issue I've had is a "flickering" of Angry Birds (which I should have never put on it) when CPU gets stressed,  I had gotten a Viewsonic tab and had really enjoyed the ability to alter it to fit my needs exactly. The same goes for this phone. First off the 1.5 dual core processor screams. I like the avability of apps for the phone. One negative is that you have to spek directly into the mouthpiece. The fact that it is $70.00 cheaper than ATT didn't hurt either. Wish I had waited till now- at $50.00 it's insanely inexpensive. People love the screen and it's clarity. Highly recommend this phone. Also recommend going slowly if you plan to make changes to it. Nothing worse than an expensive brick. You'll read things about the plastic feel. I sold RPD machines that use poly-carbonates. Take a look at relative strengths of that versus aluminium say. I think it feels great and substantial and about 30% lighter, at least it feels that way, than my iPhone. Wouldn't move back for $400.00.
