
THE PHONE IS AS ADVERTISED AND I AM SATISFIED, THE COLOR OS BEAUTIFUL AND VERY HANDY. I RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE WHO REQUIRE A SMART PHONE.

great phone ,,ton of features well packaged clean camera 4G wifi only disadvatage is that it does not have a front facing camera like its competitor the iPhone 4s.

no he podido recibir el producto porque el vendedor no dejo factura comercial a mi empresa de transporte y le escrito por email y ha sido imposible contactar no responde

I bought this phone for my girlfriend.  I had high expectations for it since I've been a Blackberry user for years and the new os7 phones were touted as a major improvement over previous devices.  Not only were our expectations met, they were exceeded.  The phone is very fast, and the touch responsiveness is smooth and precise.  It's a great looking phone and well worth the price.  I'll recommend it.

I was a little skeptical going into thus purchase considering the cellular's price and the fact that it was white not the usual black color, but im glad to say those fears were put to rest after a few days since recieveing the product.Although the shipping packaging could have been alot better, the phonbe itself arived on time and has function flawlessly thus far. Highly consider getting another for a valentines gift next year.

I'm a blackberry user since 2008 and this is the best phone of the brand that I've bought. Light weight, great OS, take good pictures too, videos hd quality. I'm workaholic and mom of two kids and I must be connected in several ways. I love my torch 9810.

I purchased this phone as a gift, sadly the gift lasted a couple of days.The phone went black and will not turn back on. I have taken out the battery and the sim card, when i put them back in the red light at the top just flashes and nothing comes on the screen. I have tried to boot it by charging it and hooking it up to the computer. The BlackBerry desktop manager says it can not connect to the phone.

Product came and the screen was defective, the touch screen and the menue button doesnt work,i even upgraded the phone, still didnt work.

The phone I received is 9800 and not 9810 as it acquired, and is used and rebuilt. Does not meet the features they provide. The accessories are not original. I'm not happy with the goods received. I expect a prompt response. thanks

este si puedo dar fe d q llego nuevo en excelente estado y a tiempo aunque lo pedi blanco y lo enviaron cromado

This phone is built solid with good materials! Not cheap and plasticy like some of the new modern phones today.

is thisTorch 9810 Unlocked and is it brant new or used can you add more details in belowbecause i need new one with spechial  bbm pin numbersthanks

So far its been a really awesome BB yet! No glitches or freeze like previous models and the look is sleek and sophisticated. The pictures are clean and the 5mp are great and the flas works well...much faster than b4 also. Value for money in my view.

Cool phone durable too bought it for a friend in Africa Nigeria so far its working with no problems came in good shape the shipping was handled well'll arrived in time looking brand new.

At first it was freezing a lot but onces I updated it was working like wonders it got there in time it its good so far no complaints here

The phone was supposed to be a good buy but I have problem with the scrolling and every 5 mins it shuts off

Amazing Purchase!! I ordered the phone and now I'm using it in Argentina, I can access all the features. The phone is NEW (Not Refurbished), it came with all the accesories, with the protective film when you buy a new phone.I'm really happy with the purchase, Totally Recommendable.

Estoy  feliz con el tel&eacute;fono es muy lindo y , esta port&aacute;ndose de maravilla y viene liberado y desbloqueado gracias..!!

All you could really thank you very much the product in perfect condition and Premium hopefully continue so in future purchases

The product is in great working conditions. It is brand new and no scratches on dents. All functions are working perfectly and in order. But I notice there is no software with the CD and I know that there is a software that should accompany the phone for the Blackberry desktop manager (BDM). I do need the CD but it was not in the box. All Blackberry phones come witht the BDM CD. That was a big minus.

PRIMERAMENTE ME SIENTO ESTAFADO CON ESTE VENDEDOR QUE ES UN IRRESPONSABLE, YO GASTES 400$ Y EL TELEFONO QUE ME LLEGO ESTABA BLOQUEADO, TUVE QUE CANCELAR AQUI EN VENEZUELA PARA QUE ME PUDIERAN DESBLOQUEAR EL TELEFONO LA CANTIDAD DE 200 BS, APARTE PAGUE POR UN TELEFONO NUEVO Y ME LLEGO USADO, BUSQUE LA MANERA DE RECUPERAR POR LO MENOS LA CANTIDAD DE 30$ POR TODAS LAS MOLESTIAS OCACIONADAS Y EL VENDEDOR NO QUIZO LLEGAR A NINGUN ACUERDO, COMO RECOMENDACION NO LE COMPREM TELEFONOS A ESTE VENDEDOR Wireless Digital Group LLC .... SON UNOS ESTAFADORES

excelente equipo me gusto mucho + + + + + + +  +  + + + + + ++  +

good night, the phone battery brought abombad (damaged) the phone does not turn on,, I put a new battery does not work, will not start, I require payment of return assume

I bought 2 of these from Wireovia. They were advertised as NEW. Neither of them worked properly from the moment I opened the boxes. I wanted to return them, but Wireovia made me buy another one and said they would give me a credit after they received the faulty ones back. Once I was out of pocket for 3 of these NEW phones, they refused to accept the faulty ones back saying &#34;it's impossible that both are faulty.&#34; Luckily Amazon agreed to accept the faulty phone back and refund my money. DON'T DO BUSINESS WITH WIREOVIA! They sell refurbished phones as NEW. They lie!

good afternoonThis time I write because I made a purchase of a new phone and this came in good condition but after two weeks this will harm and revise realize that this is a phone repaired, and I buy a new phone not repaired

It is exactly like the phone I've been using and like. This model is a 3/4G and that is the reason I bought it. It allows me to do a couple of things the older model doesn't accommodate. It actually isn't quite as smooth as the older model but this is my only complaint. Generally speaking I am happy with the purchase.

IT WAS ALL OK AND IS AN EXCELLENT PHONE AND WE ARE VRY HAPPY WITH THIS, EASY TO USE, AND WUITHOUT PROBLEMS, IT ARRIVED AT TIME, THAK YOU VERY MUCH

The phone was everything it said it was, and the delivery was very fast. I had to return the phone because the sim card slot was not working. This seller was very fast and easy to refund me the money, always answered my e-mails promptly. I would buy from this seller again. Good Service!

the phone was in very poor condition and is more able to not use it does not recognice my sim card

Well after one day of using it the system crashed and the whole skreen went white and no skype for this phone.

The phone arrived on time and as described however the charger was sticked together and worked for a day or so was very disappointed but otherwise everything worked fine

Excelente

I've been meaning to upgrade from my Curve to the Torch for a while now and I finally did so. I would recommend this seller and this phone to anyone.  It is a fantastic deal and the phone is nothing short of excellent.  I am truly enjoying my new phone.

fast shipment..of course i pay for next day.. only problem is that the charger that i received it was used!

Got this about a month to the day and i have been impressed. i chose it over the 9900 and i must say i have no regret so far. My previous BBs are Bold 9700 and Storm 9530. The OS7 is pretty good and the hardware on this device rocksBlackberry protect as implemented on the OS7 takes protection of the phone to a whole new levelNice job RIMM

Excellent fast and safe equipment are brand new and unlocked

That band has delivered this Model RIM BlackBerry Torch 9810 4G (White) - Unlocked GSM Quad Band - OS7 - 5MP HD - 1.2Ghz

Thanks a lot, product si perfect, the atention Was very good!Sometimes the cel phone turn off when close sliceApart form that everything is ok

I received this cell phone locked and I bought it unlocked, I am not satisfied. Dont sell products with features they do not have.

I gave this Phone two stars, because it is no good! I have been having endless problems with this Phone. It restarts and freezes, and it also has a Speaker problem. I have been using this Phone for almost two months now, and the problems got worse! The Battery life is just not good at all. I fully charged the Phone, and by thirty minutes, the Battery is out. The Key Board is good and easy to use. That's the only good thing about this phone, and its also the reason why i gave it two stars. Overall, this phone is crap, and i would not recommend it to a friend!

PEDIEL FIRST WHITE BLACKBERRY AND I SENT IT IN BLACK, they apologized and refunded ME A SMALL PORTION OF PAYMENT.THEN WHEN I started using I REALIZED THAT WAS DAMAGED TRACKBALL

It is a nice phone. However, it shut off twice while I was on it, I don't know if it was because of the length ot time I was on it. Also, the phone gets hot while charging and now I am wondering if the phone is defective. I returned the phone to the seller.

While owning an android phone (HTC Sensation 4g) I found myself missing my previous smartphone (blackberry curve 8520) so I decided to purchase this unlocked blackberry torch in white and am very pleased with my decision. The phone is awesome. I haven't experienced any lag when using it and playing games and the screen is gorgeous. I expected the keyboard to take some getting use to but nope, perfect keyboard as is expected from RIM. The camera works well and while the app world may not have as many apps as other operating systems, I have not had any problems finding apps that I need. Definitely recommend this phone to anyone wanting a blackberry. I am using it on T-Mobile and was surprised to see T-Mobile apps automatically appear in my menus.

Lo compre a petici&oacute;n de alguien mas aunque no soy fan&aacute;tico de Blacberry, el disposito es muy bueno y no ha dado problema en casi un a&ntilde;o de uso, aunque debo admitir que las apliciones para este telefono y todos los blackberry en general no son tan amplias como para sistemas operativos de la competencia

the product was a failure, I could never use in my country, as I have in the closet because it is useless for anything disappointed with this purchase

Very fast cell phone, multilingual software, huge memory space, big and clear screen, lightweight, works fine with any phone company, good picture quality.

Blackberry torch 2 in white looks awesome! The  \u000e is really fast, no freezing, useful and complete! Ijust put the (movistar) simcard and it worked! Highly recommend this purchase!!

son muy responsable a la hora de entregar el producto a si que lo recomiendo a quello que quiera comprarle sus producto que ello venden gracias

I don&#8217;t satisfied with Blackberry Torch 9810 white that I bought from GSM Hero. When I receveid the package, the box from UPS was sealed, but inside the blackberry box was not sealed 100%. It&#8217;s look like the blackberry box already open and somebody tried to re-sealed. And the cell phone is not 100% brand new. Because the front surface (slider) was broken. After I charge the battery for 8 hour (full battery power), standby time is only 24 hour then the cell phone shutdown. At that time I didn&#8217;t operate any software or using for phone call event for sms. So I imagine the cell phone that I bought from GSM Hero was not 100% brand new, just like used or refund or reject or something like that.

i got 2 phones from this person they were good really good and they came brand new in there cases

I received this item in great condition with the exception of one minor scratch to the screen, however this was on the factory screen protector .. so not a problem.Apart from that, this item was as expected and works great thus far!

Before I ordered this product , I thought it would be brand new , in the original case and factory unlocked .But this product was used  , no original packing and the phone was having at&t; logo on it .I did not expect this .

the phone delivered was in a very bad condition .Even though it says new phone it was a used phone with scratches all over and also the phone stopped working in just 1 week of delivery.I had to return the product but wanted to comlain as i had to loose all my contact and re use my old phone again

I ordered this product with some bad luck. My payment was not going through so it was delayed. Then USPS claimed to have delivered my package but I did not receive it. I called them and complained but the next day the box was in my mail box. So after a long wait I finally got the phone. For starters the phone is amazing. It looks fantastic. The battery pack is small compared to the blackberry bold 9800. So I recommend buying a spare battery. NExt, when you try to set up your email it only allows the enterprise account to be activated no internet mail. Also the phone says AT&T on it. But amazing, the unlocking process was done flawlessly.

I'm not satisfied with what I got. In the picture appears a new phone and all accessories, but only got a cell used with many scratches. It brings the case and headphones, only the cell, battery and USB cable.

i bought this phone brand new, but it came used, i talked to amazon and they made me a discount and a kept it.the phone works fine, not complain ( even if i ordered brand new )i gave 3 stars for that but the phone condition deserves 4 becaused is used

My husband is pleased with the phone especially when he gets to download Apps. He's pleased. I definitely recomend this phone, cause I have one myself and I'm happy with it.

I am pleased with the product/phone. It is a very functional the features are amazing and the phone was able to connect with my local mobile provider  without any problems. I would definitely recommend the BlackBerry Torch 9810 for all.
