
It's a very complete cell phone, maybe is not the faster processor but is very practical.I really recommend it. thanks

It was a bad experience when buying this phone because when I turned it on everything right, but at the time I made the call I realized that the speaker was bad and not listening to the other person who was speaking. I think these phones are not new and are repaired.

So far this phone is great. For a 1 Ghz processor, it`s pretty quick and lots of storage. If you`re hearing impaired, then you shouldn`t have any problem hearing. It`s has good volume and is clear sounding. For me that was a plus.

I bought this as my first real smartphone since I am too cheap to sign a long term contract.  A lot of the others I looked at under the $200 range didn't rate as well.  I am please with it's performance so far but would have like a little bigger screen.  Otherwise this is a durable phone with all the feature I wanted and the ability to select alot of the apps I wanted to try.

It was the phone I needed.  It fixed to my needs and It Works.It was the issue I expected when I bought.

I loved my old Motorola Defy 525 so much that I upgraded to this one. Everything loaded and worked seamlessly, but I do not get a signal in my home or office, where my 525 has 3-4 bars. Outside of those locations, it worked great, but I had to return the phone for those reasons.Because of a couple other reception reviews I have read, I have decided not to try this phone again, but will have trouble finding one that I am as happy with. Fortunately, my former phone still works despite being a bit worn.

This is a great phone for those who buy quality products and are hard on them.  The water resistant capability is awesome for my line of work (kayak and canyoneering guide).  I have used this phone in the USA, Europe, and throughout Latin America by just switching out the sim card.  The operating system is a bit slow, but that's not Motorola's fault.  I have taken photos from waterfall rappels and kayaking on various rivers and uploaded them to web sites and Facebook with no problem. I cannot say enough good things about this phone.

I bought 2 of these phones one for me & one for my husband & we really like them. The only thing is we haven't figured out how to make the fonts bigger kinda hard to read texts or even type a text, so I use a stylus pen those work great if you have big fingers. My daughter like our phones so I ended up purchasing another one for her. Oh also disappointed that there is no warranty on these phones so I hope nothing goes out on them.

Ok, Im a savy guy. I know NEVER to buy electronics over the internet, they most likely are broken or used products. Guess what, this is the SECOND Defy plus I purchased from this seller. I love, love, love these phones. I have the MB 525 from two years ago, still working, not a scratch on it. I do keep a protective case and film on the screen 99% of the time. The things can be dropped, get wet, taken to the beach in the sand, you name it. What Ive done is bought one for my son and wife. The plus is quicker, all black body and I buy the 32 mb memory card for their phones. The size is perfect, it is probably the smallest of the smart phones, yet the screen is bigger than an iphone 4 (compare them side by side). It is most combarable to between an iphone 4 and 4s. The iphone 5 is almost better on every front except with this you can change the memory card for cheap and it is INDESTRUCTABLE. Not only that, but buy the Motorola car mount for under ten bucks from amazon. Fantastic deal. If my two year old defy ever gives out, Im buying a third from this seller. Excellent, no dissapointments. Great phone for adults, great price and protection for kids first smart phone/cell phone.

The phone is great, no problems. The charger is with European plug and there's an adapter for US plugs. Perfect

Yes I had a bad exp with this phone. Lots of quirky things. Phone wouldnt charge until I removed and reinserted the SD card. Not compatible with YAHOO maill. Gmail no issues. Have to use MOTOBLUR in order to access face book account and gmail. Reception is horrible and it is the phone and not the service because I tested it.. I think this phone was set up for over seas because came with an overseas charger with an adaptor to use here in the USA. When I set the phone for local weather in F several times it reverted back to celcius. Like I said quirky so I returned it.

Pros:- Worked with my T-Mo SIM right out of the box! No extra set-up needed.- Built tough. I've dropped it twice so far and got a little water on it, no problems.- Smooth and snappy, I turned off auto update on apps and data sync, noticed better performance instantly.- Great speaker! Its bright and crisp and LOUD!- Phone functions are above-average:  Clear call quality with good signal strength, have yet to experience a dropped call.Cons:- Comes with Android OS 2.3, no planned update beyond that. Want ICS or Jelly Bean? Gotta root it and risk bricking your phone.- Video cam mode can only record @ VGA quality.- Physical power button feels somewhat cheap/flimsy.- Music player will randomly stop or freeze while listening to internet radio, maybe a Gingerbread bug, the app updated itself yet issue persists.- Included phone charger is of questionable quality, I ended up using my old Blackberry charger instead.UPDATE:Very poor screen performance in direct sunlight, dark themes and wallpaper help a tiny bit...Had run into problems with the phone randomly rebooting. I finally did a factory reset and AVOIDED creating a MotoBlur account (hit the options button on the left when the prompt comes up and choose to skip creating an account). No more random reboots :) PLease note that without Motoblur, you will not have access to the Moto apps but these can be easily replaced with apps from the Playstore, oh also you wont be able to do a system upodate...as if they ever where anyways lolPlaying music files or listening to internet radio is still not 100% but seems to have gotten better without MotoBlur.Currently using a custom launcher (ADW with minimal theme) and have good overall performance. Previously used GoLauncher but uninstalled due to several freezing issues.Can confirm that phone is able to use TELCEL and Movistar pre-paid sims and data.I advice against rooting. Process is very complicated and risky due to 4 different hardware/software configurations for this model. Would love to have JB 4.2 camera controls and better quality recording but its still not worth the effort or risk.

The phone size is very good to me, I was looking for this convenient size for long, the phone works fine, no problem, except it is a kind of slow, that's the only thing I don't like.

received on time , very amazing cell phone much than expect , iam totally satisfied of this product at all performance it have gingerbread 2.3.6 android , i rooted this phone & working now with jellybean 4.2.2 ;) , lights notifications , screen colors , dust and water resistant , battery life , gps , it's unlocked worked for worldwide GSM iam using it at Egypt , great value with less price 123$

Needed to replace my original defy.  My order was processed promptly and I received my new (replacement) when promised.  Threw in my Tmobile SIm and memory card, yadda yadda, was playing words with friends.Great experience!!!!

I bought this phone for myself but couldn't get it to work in my area so I sent it to my son in Alabama.  He loves it.  Thinks it is a nice phone and has alot to offer.  He couldn't be happier.I guess the key thing about this phone is the MOTO app.  He raves about it.Wish he could write this review he would have alot of great things to say I am sure.Thank you, your product worked great for him!  Your product was wonderful.

One month after purchase I had a technical problem with my Motorola Defy + MB526. After several days working properly, I tuned it off and removed the battery to insert a new MicroSD card with more capacity. But now it refuses to work again. In the display it appears:bootloader09.10code corruptbattery lowcannot program

Switched service providers and had to buy a new phone. I like the rugged style phones that I don't have to worry about spilling a drink on or dropping on the floor. My old phone was a Casio Commando and it was truly a rugged outdoor phone. I had it for 3 years and bounced it off the concrete several times and got it wet a few times and it held up great. The Motorola Defy is a descent rugged phone but it does not feel as rugged as the Commando. The Defy has covers for the charging port and ear phone port but they do not have a rubber O-ring seal like the Commando to keep water out. The Commando also has a rubber O-ring seal on the back battery cover to keep water out but the Defy does not. The Defy has a smaller overall body than the Commando and the Defy feels lighter making it feel less durable than the Commando. The screens are the same size on both phones but the Defy's screen feels less protected since it is not recessed in the body like the Commando. Adding the rubberized case really helped the Defy feel more durable overall without adding additional bulk to the phone. Performance of the phone is good for what I need, but I don't like to carry around a giant high performance phone that doubles as a tablet. Camera on the Defy is nothing to write home about, but it doesn't bother me because if I want good pics or video I will use my GoPro or Canon. Screen size is small so if you does a lot of texting or web browsing you might not like it. For me though I like the phone because it's a small light weight smart phone that I can get wet or drop and not worry about and it fits in my pockets well. One other note is the phone does not come with a U.S. wall charger, mine came with a European/Foreign charger.

Its a very good cellphone as expected from Motorola; the only thing I don't like is the touch screen is kind of small and does not have a pencil. connections are ok

Awesome! One word review. Perfect possible combination of power, looks, feature and price!! I love this product just the way it is.

until now is great, in the next few days I'll be posting more details.Jose Pinto from Venezuelanthis Cell Phone currently working with Movilnet

This phone was advertised as unlocked, but it is actually looked to T-Mobile.  When I got an &#34;unlock code&#34; request.

This phone is great, I like it before it was made for resist everything. the only problem is the wifi, i was searching the web and apparently all this cell phones has that problem. Suddenly you lost your wifi signal... so that can be a problem, but it is bearable using it whit the internet of you carrier.

it is a really great phone for the price and then some:) It is a little smaller than I assumed it was but not a bad size at all. You can download many apps and I love the car dock feature

Bought this for my parents in law - not big performance freaks. Although this phone doe's not perform as the new quad core monsters. It is still a very good for the money, clear screen, user friendly control.  For me the drawback was the lack of multi locale support (I live in Israel) so in order to make the menus in Hebrew you need to burn new ROM for the phone.

The phone is fine. The only problem is USB-cover. It looks like NOT waterproof, because of loose fit.So, I would say - weatherproof, NOT waterproof off the box. To make this phone waterproof IP67 the USB cover has to fit more securely.

I was looking for a cell phone that could resist the enviromental conditions like fine dust and water splash and this is the right choice... and it's a smart phone.

Not going into details, just summary:Pros:Extremely sturdy, shock proof, water proofValue for moneyGood call qualityCons:Slow processor, only 512 MB RAM not enough for newer applications

THE PRODUCT HAS GIVEN ME NO PROBLEMS SO FAR, SO GOOD IS A PHONE, THANKS FOR THE SALE of the phone.

I really liked this phone, it's pretty fast, is small and very resistant. the only problem is that it brings a very old version of android

It's a really good phone, good looking and useful. I just recived it, put the sim on and it worked perfectly in all the ways. Catch really good the wifi conection and haven't had any signal problem. The only con is that it's a bit slow, but Android 2.3 is always slow so i was specting more than what it can give. I would recomend it for those who don't matter a bit slow smart phone.

This is perfect for the amount of time I spend outdoors and getting caught in the rain, drizzle, fog, mud etc.  The only thing I would have liked to know before purchase is what regional/country settings and language support came with it. Although it seems to read and display just about every language thrown at it, it only types in a very limited number of languages.  I would have bought it in China or HK to get the character sets I need for travel there, but the price on Amazon was half as much as those markets.  Not a bad trade-off. also the plug is something foreign, but Amazon supplied an adapter for the US which will also work in several other places as well. aside from the language issue, everything else about the phone is superb and I haven't had any trouble using it in any country I've been to with it.

The phone arrived and was working properly however, the charger was not compatible with an American outlet. I had to purchase an adapter. Within two weeks of normal use, the phone began to malfunction - I was unable to hear callers. I googled this problem and learned that this happens frequently with this model. I returned it and will say that Amazon was wonderful with the return.

I received the phone next day, Did next day air shipping. The phone came new and unlocked as written . Have not tested the water resistant features yet still looking to see if phone will work well on straightalk wireless service. Phone is nice smaller than what i thought it would be considering the durability aspects that it has. Battery says 1650 so i guess that puts it in the 1700 MAh category. All in all yes it has the old 2.3.6 android but it still moves almost as smooth as a Droid x2 that i was coming from at 2.3.7. The camera is however is not the best 5 mp shooter that i have seen but will do. Headphones and music player is ok, no options for equalizer settings but still good quality sound. All in all good phone for the money don't overnight shipping is additional 60.00 and if located on east coast would receive pretty fast , i needed asap so went with huge shipping charge.

It get here very quick. Everything is came more than l expected.I would recommend it to every one who need a GSM phone specially in Micronesia

I already have some time with works perfectly and is very versatile the system you have and the amount of very useful applications

Maybe I should have known my local 3G frequencies, but I didn't. So I thought I was getting a sweet new Motorola Defy to replace my dead one (this is an awesome phone by the way) but unfortunately it is the Australia version so it only gets Edge in the states. This is when I learned about the frequency thing. I would have appreciated a fairly clear description that said &#34;this phone only gets 3G in Australia&#34; or something like that.Anyway, I returned it for a refund, after opening it and using it for a day, so that was really cool.The phone is so awesome. Water resistant and dust proof, and it's pretty old now but seems to keep up pretty well. I'd have navigation and Pandora going at the same time with minimal issues. Battery would last the whole day with normal use.

I received the Motorola Defy + MB526 Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.3 OS, Touchscreen,...It is a great phone.There is no complain about it.

Phone will go from 4 bars of reception to no service sitting still in the same place. Controls seem to change on a whim very little support for android 2.3 tmobile does not even show it in their system. Motorola service refers all problems to the carrier. tmobile has been accomodating but are unable to provide much help.I have an old motorola phone that I just wanted to replace it has none of the reception or service problems of this phone.Frankly I do not recommend this phone to anyone and am less that satisfied with the android 2.3 program as it operates on this phone.

I bought the phone for my wife for the it's durability and stability. I tried it for a couple of weeks, but the phone turned to be quite slow in doing most things, thus I ended up returning it. I don't know if it's a slow processor or lack of RAM, but if you are looking for a fast phone, this one is not for you. The screen was excellent and the OS was reasonable being able to move apps to the SD card.

... simple tutorial on simply bypassing the creation of a Motoblur account:1. power up your phone;2. if it asks you for SIM card activation/PIN code, insert it;3. at the Motoblur account screen, press the Menu button (the first button from the left, that with the 4 boxes, 1 white and 3 black);4. if you don&#8217;t see a Skip button, choose More and then press Skip;5. you&#8217;re done!What you will miss:&#8226; All your contacts, e-mail accounts, social network streams, messages synced in one place. Some Motorola made widgets won&#8217;t have data to show on the screen.&#8226; Operating system updates can&#8217;t be made without a Motoblur account. First, some say that if you&#8217;ll wait for Motorola to update the Android version, you&#8217;re life will pass by blazing fast. Second, you can always root your phone and install a custom ROM.What you still can do:&#8226; Manage your e-mail accounts;&#8226; Use social network apps to stay in touch with your friends;&#8226; Sync your data with any service you like;&#8226; Enjoy a plain default Android experience.

Bought this for my father. Even though, this phone was released two years ago, it is an excellent value. It is fast and responsive. Camera takes decent pics. Motoblur could be annoying, but it can be removed once you root your phone.I like: screen, speaker, battery life (it is much better than HTC phone i have), call clarity.I don't like: it can take a little while to insert charging cable.

Excellent service!The package arrived on time in perfect condition with all parts accounted for.The phone worked great and continues to work great. Fell a couple times but the body id's still shinyI love this phone and would recommend it to anyone looking for and inexpensive durable phone

this phone is very good, its new, no problem. simple and excellent design, i recommend 100 %. gsm unlocked, i like it.

I brought a defy + and I am so happy with it I am thinking of buying one to have as a reserve!! Its not a high capacity phone .. not a large amount of ram memory - it is easy to use it up  ... but for the basics and for my life aggressive/out there life style, its perfect - it survives and keeps functioning. So if you are thinking of a phone which can survive a few knocks, a few drops of water, small enough to fit in your pocket, not too expensive, etc ..... check it out!!

This is my first smartphone, and I love it! I didn't want a phone that was too big or too difficult for me to maneuver through...this is great for a basic smartphone!

I had this phone a few weeks before i had to return it because i couldn't upgrade the old gingerbread android.  I was rly upset because I really liked the durability of this phone, and the fact that its water and dust proof

Its a good cellphone but a Little slow when you run apps, sms calls social network. Good camera, I live in Nicaragua, Works good 4 both companies

Good compact phone in midrange budget. Hardware is also good but it has reboot issue. Could be an Android 2.2 problem. Had to return it. Go for ICS or Jelly bean phones.

The item was a little undersized but appeared to do everything it said. The item was unlocked but due to a service provider name printed on the side of the case, which was different from my carrier, my carrier would not activate it.

Already took a beating- fell on treadmill track at a fast walk pace and shot off the back end into a wall- no damage whatsoever.  However, it came with a European style plug on the recharger - Beats me why they would ship such a thing to an address in Minnesota.  Lucky, my son had an extra US recharger, so I'm good to go.

I explain that I'm not comfortable with the product.The phones I arrived in good condition and within the agreed time, the teams were requested, but one of the cell does not work the flash of the camera, that disgust me and left me very unhappy. one of the main features that caught my attention of these teams was the led flash and 5mp camera, really deverian implement better quality control. DO NOT RECOMMEND FOR FUTURE PURCHASESNOTE: AND DID EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO ACTIVATE ACTIVATE OR ATTEMPTING TO FLASH THE PHONE WENT DEFECTIVE, DO NOT BELIEVE THAT NO HANDLING APPARATUS 1 WORKS PERFECTLY BUT THE OTHER PHONE NO IS THE FLASH IS DAMAGED, THE BEATS PRESENTS NO BOXES OR DENTS, SHIPMENT WAS MADE TO PERFECTION AND CAME VERY WELL PACKED

The phone is perfect, just as advertised as soon as I inserted the Tmobile sim card and battery I was ready to talk.For this kind of price of $129.99 at first I thought it was a misprint here on amazon.A good working used unlocked cell phone would cost more for sure.This has just about all the features you would find in a $500 cell phone.The MP3 player in it is loud and clear, better than any walkman mp3 player and thecamera and camcorder are excellent too. The Wifi connected properly on the first try.Free shipping and no tax even saved me even more money and the shipping was fast.

My guy likes this phone.. I got it for him for his birthday, however, the charger that came with it was some weird thing that doesn't even have a plug connection.. looks more like something that plugs into something else.. like a stereo system... no clue.. looked foreign and can't use.. my guy likes the phone only because I kept hearing him say, &#34;Oh, NICE.. OH, I like that.. oh wow.. this is cool.. &#34;  So he likes it...

I work all day long in a boat , with  water, all day long ,good screen , enough capacity ,

Good price for effective smart phone all basic applications work well.Battery lasts over 24 hours.Fits easily in a pocket.
