
The whole process of buying and receiving took only a few days and the product is great.  I am very satisfied.

The sim card worked great and was easy to install.Quickly shipped and it fit perfectly in the phone for opperation

The listing doesn't tell you this but you have to get a properly activated SIM card from you carrier, if you put this in your phone and try to activate it, not only will it not work, but it will also render this SIM card useless.

nice thanks for it can use it very much for my iphone 3g s so agen thank you very much

B/c it's the small sim card and I needed the large sim card, but I did not see any information about that here or on the device I was buying that I needed a sim card. Took this to a local store and they changed it out for me, no charge.

Well I got it for my LG phone, but didn't need it for that phone, but now my LG phone is going to be sent back & I'll probably need it for my next phone.

Worked great. Saved me a trip to the Verizon store and having to deal with their customer service.

LTE works great. SIM registration worked fine through Verizon site. Firmware update was triggered after the Verizon network was detected.

The package said it was a new SIM card. I put it into my pageplus phone, followed the flashing instructions, chatted up pageplus service, and after finishing the hacking directions, I had a perfectly working Motorola Droid 4.

I got this card for my husbands new phone that he got off a different site and it works get. He hasn't had a problem with it. It arrived before its arrival date as well. He is very happy with it.

worked Perfectly. Bought A Phone That Required A Sim And I Didn't Have One Bought This One Went To Verizon To Register It And Within The Hour Are Was Using My New Phone

Get the sim card for free from verizon, this is a total waste of some coffee money!I read the review about getting one free from verizon, and also the counter review that implied you need to purchase your device or contract from verizon.I am that exception! I purchased my phone from Amazon Wireless, and did not get a contract. I called verizon customer support (actually called one of the # numbers form current phone and then hit 0 to talk to someone) and they looked up the phone, ordered the right sim card for the phone, explained what I needed to do (insert it, and then it automatically activates) and it will be here in two days! I had the option of going into a store, but I don't have a car.

I needed a new microSIM for a new tablet I purchased on Amazon. This Verizon 4G LTE sim works perfectly.

Verizon refused to give me a SIM for my new phone. Even though I have been a loyal customer for 15 years and have 5 phone number on my account. Shame on those greedy so and so's.

I bought it but it doesn't work with the unlock smartphone I bought because the phone cannot be activated here in the US.

The product is not compatible  with my device. I am very disappointed in the poor advertising. This problem could of been avoided.

If you are a Verizon customer, just call 1-800-VERIZON and they will pre-program it and sent it to you for free.

This new SIM card worked perfectly to allow the activation of a privately purchased 4G LTE Verizon smartphone on a month-to-month plan without having to visit a Verizon store.

So it works good. Verizon will give you one of these for free if you didn't know (like me) so don't buy one.

Haven't had any problems with it works just fine I definitely like this product. It fit my phone just great love it.

I purchased this card because I lost mine in Jordan. I ordered this and I received it quickly. I don't use Verizon here but when I go back to the states I need to have it. I received this quickly and would order from this company again.

Hi I bought this and it was useless because this sim only works with contract , is not for prepaid

Yes, it is a sim card just like the ones that the Verizon store is supposed to provide for free.But in my experience, visiting the Verizon store is never free. When I have tried to get one of these from them, they have always insisted on some fee for activation, plan change, whatever. Not to mention the wait in the Verizon store can be long.It is worth it to me not to have to deal with them when replacing my phone. I bought this card, programmed it to my account online and installed it in my new phone. Total about 5 minutes. Couldn't be easier and didn't have to argue with anyone at Verizon to get it.It arrived through amazon prime shipping faster and cheaper than Verizon would have gotten it to me.Worth the 7 bucks.

dont buy it its free at verizon stores FREE and i wish i would have known sooner. go to the store

Didnt know if I had picked the right one, but it fit fine and I had no problem activating the card withVerizon.

The packaging for this card was a half-opened envelope that wasn't even sealed correctly.  Whoever was hired as envelope licker failed that day.  The card is fine, but does expire fairly soon, and the price was outrageous, over 10 bucks.

It arrived on time and works perfectly.

Work great! Glad to get this SIM card at this great price & plan on buying some more. Great! Yes

The local Verizon store would not give me a SIM card without a $35 activation fee and adding my gen3 IPad to my existing wireless account, quote  &#34;you cant get a SIM card for a prepaid account unless it comes with the tablet&#34;. Spending the money here was far better than wading through Verizon's call system, however I am considering a formal complaint against the store. According to Verizon's web site &#34;YOU JUST NEED TO FIND A LOCAL STORE AND PICK UP A NEW SIM CARD&#34;.  I can almost see not handing a card to anyone off of the street but I have a personal; and corporate account, at least until the contracts are up anyway.

my new phone did not come with a sim card.  this arrived quickly and was exactly what i needed.  no complaints.

Well with this item had a hard time getting it finally received it on March 10th after I ordered it on February 21st. Then only to be told couldn't activate the phone the Sim card was purchased for so sent it with the phone.

the wrong type of 4g card tossed it!!!!!!!now is the time for all good citizens to come to the aid of their country

Doesn't work in every phone.  It has to be a Verizon phone or state carrier phone.  Tried to use it in my unlocked GS4 and Verizon told me it was a bust.  They can't make the SIM connect to the phone.

Couldn't use sim card with my phone, due to service provider technicalities. Can't use a 4g phone on a pretty paid account

Not hard to mess this up. It's a 4G card. It works. Was cheap and does the job like it should.

Used to activate a Galaxy S3 I gave my brother.I've read verizon stores would give you one, but my local corporate owned VZW store wont. (I've tried 2-3 times).Yes you can get them free online or by calling, but you'll wait for it.This way I could have it available to use after I activated my new phone.

Bought for my Galaxy S4 on a Verizon account.  Plugged in and activated it online, no need to visit the Verizon store or give up my unlimited data plan.

Card arrived as promised. Had to spend time on the phone with Verizon getting it activated, rebooting phone, etc.because I couldn't text, phone said I was roaming. When I try to do a video it says &#34;Not able to capture media. Not enough memory available.&#34; Never had this problem with old SIM card.

I made the mistake of &#34;deactivating device now&#34; when I just meant to cancel my subscription, which burned my SIM card. When I tried to reactivate the account, I got the message on my iPad to contact Verizon wireless for a new SIM card. I called Verizon and was told that they cannot mail me a SIM card and that I would have to go to a Verizon wireless store. Rather than make the trip to Verizon and deal with pushy salespeople and wasting a couple hours, I decided to just order a new SIM card online for $9. The item was received two days later with Amazon Prime, and I was able to replace the SIM card and reactivate my account (by creating a new account) within a few minutes. The $9 cost for the SIM was worth saving the time, money, and hassle of going to the Verizon store. My 4G LTE works again on my iPad on prepaid services with personal hotspot! I highly recommend ordering this SIM card if you make the same mistake I did and accidentally deactivate the account. I am thinking of buying a couple extra to have on hand in case I make the same mistake down the line or I cancel my subscription and Verizon deactivates my account due to inactivity, which they automatically do after five months of no service. I am so happy to have my 4G LTE on the go again with the personal hotspot and am so happy I could do this through Amazon!

Sent a picture to even make sure I got the right SIM card and had to end up buying another one at Verizon anyways.

After reading on the internet about all the unhappy iPad owners that had accidentally screwed up their SIM cards by cancelling prepaid cellular data plans because they deactivated their accounts instead of just stopping the payment plan, I was real nervous about whether this would work for my iPad 3.  I had done the same, not realizing that deactivating my prepaid cellular account would make my SIM card worthless.  Verizon had told me to go and get a new SIM card at a Verizon store back when I did the incorrect deactivation, but Verizon stores will not give out SIM cards unless you are putting your iPad on your regular monthly "postpaid" account, which I most definitely do not want to do.So I ordered this SIM card to try to resurrect prepaid cellular on my iPad 3.  When the new SIM card came, I put it in my iPad and activated a new prepaid data plan (1GB) with Verizon.  With one small problem, it worked fine, and now my iPad 3 is again able to use prepaid cellular data for our upcoming trip.  I'm very relieved that all the speculation about not being able to use a prepaid data plan anymore is just not true.  People even talked about exchanging their iPad's to get a new SIM card, but you definitely don't need to do that, just get a new SIM card like this one.The only problem that I had was an interesting one, and might help some of you out there. The activation of the cellular data stuff did not go through the first time that I tried it.  Turns out that since I have a Verizon Network Extender, I had to disable that until cellular data was totally activated.  Once the activation was completed, and I could actually use cellular data, I turned the Network Extender back on, and it's all working well.  But for the time that the activation was processing, I had to have the Network Extender off.Also, the fact is that these SIM cards work for either postpaid and prepaid plans.  There's no such thing as a "prepaid SIM card", there's only one kind of SIM card for your iPad.I'm very happy with the way that this has turned out. I was anticipating that I might not be able to use my iPad with cellular data at all, after having paid a bunch extra for that functionality.  Good to go now!

My ipad 3 prepaid SIM card stopped working. I went into a Verizon store and they wanted to sign me up for a service plan before giving me a card. They practically wanted me to sign over my first born, and kept keeping me there with my ipad as hostage. Finally I left without the SIM. Buying this was so much easier, well worth the money!

product was as expected and was the correct product. expect no problems with the sim card.thank you very much

We got the card today, only 4 days after ordering, even including 4July. For the price of a gallon of gas I only had to walk to the mail box & skip the sales pitch of Verizon storefronts. My daughter loves waiting for her items to show up, so it's an extra plus to see her smile!Oh, we bought some other accessories so the shipping was bundled together & didn't amount to more than a couple of dollars per piece. 12 dollars for the sim card, pack of good screen protectors &a; hard case. Not bad! Love Amazon

Everything is fine with it and it arrived in an extremely timely manner. However, the only thing I would prefer is that it have a standard SIM Card adapter so that it could be more versatile.I would recommend this item.

I chose this rating not because of the card itself but because Amazon sent the wrong card.  Like most of you I ordered an OEM version of the Verizon micro SIM.  Instead I got the 4G LTE certified version.  That wouldn't annoy me so much if the OEM version wasn't quadruple the price AND we didn't need the cards as soon as possible for an upcoming trip.So basically the old bait and switch is at play here.  I contacted Amazon customer service via chat and was told that &#34;that usually never happens&#34;--which again is not true especially since there are other reviewers who have mentioned said bait and switch.  The service rep was nice enough to &#34;help&#34; me manufacture a label so that I could take my time to run to UPS and return said incorrect items.  And then I was advised to order the cards again...in hopes that the next time around I will receive the right product.Needless to say, the product will arrive after I actually have need to put it in my new phone. In any event, I will try to post an update after the card arrives to say if it worked as intended.

The reviewer who claimed SIM cards are easily obtained at Verizon stores should double check. My store told me no, and so did Verizon phone customer service. I've read several posts about this online. They all agree Verizon stores will only supply you a new SIM card if you are purchasing a device or activating a new account. My case involved an iPad 3, but I suspect this applies to any device.iPad users in particular need replacement SIM cards because of their unusual feature of allowing cellular data for a month at a time. The problem is that a new SIM card is required each time, with $35 activation fee each time if you have it done at the Verizon store. It's avoiding that activation fee that makes inexpensive SIM cards desirable, because then the customer can activate the new month's service on the iPad itself, by himself, with no $35 fee and no trip to the store.

I didn't get what the pictures showed. It ended up being the wrong SIM card from my phone. in short it was useless.

I had purchased a werizon phone via a discount site. My card was t-mobile and I needed a verizon capatiable card. This did the trick. Thanks.

I ordered this because  I had purchased a used iPad 3 with wifi and 3G (Verizon).  It didn't come with a SIM card and I wasn't able to get one from Verizon.  I received the card in 2 days and popped it in, signed up and I was in business.  It works flawlessly and I have 4g LTE service now on my iPad for when I need it.......thank you

Please don't pay $10+ for this item.  Sim cards are readily available at any verizon wireless store or by calling customer service and they are free.

Fast shipping and arrived in my mailbox in a few days. Popped it in our iPad 3 with Verizon capability and set up a month of data service directly from the iPad. Worked perfectly! No Verizon contract required, no extra fees or taxes. Since we only use Verizon one month a year, the old SIM eventually expires (per Verizon policy, you must not let it be inactive more than 7 months.) Then, when you visit a local Verizon Wireless store, the commissioned salespeople often refuse to give you or sell you a SIM, because they want you to buy a 2-year contract. So you go begging at one Verizon store after another for a replacement SIM. Now, we simply buy a Verizon SIM online from a reputable seller and skip the humiliation and waste of time. Hey Verizon, how about following AT&T's lead and install free SIMs in iPads with a smile? My next iPad will NOT be Verizon!!

It didn't work for my phone . Had to go to the Verizon Wireless store to get a whole new one .

Got it and put it to work, My phone work,s perfect great price toooooo! You will need it if your have a 4 g phone it is a must!

Shipped quick and worked in my phone.

Got what I expected, and that's rare these days.... So many times an item is bought and there is "something" that no one mentioned prior to receiving it, that makes it useless to the buyer. And the hassle of returning and getting reimbursed for it, is harder than the initial purchase. This was not the case n save me time n dealing with Verizon.

accidentally deleted my cellular service with Verizon.  Didn't want the hassle of going to the store.  This worked perfectly to restore service to my iPad.

If you live in a area with limited access to a Verizon store, it's pretty handy that you can buy a SIM online.

So I bought this off my mother's Amazon account, it has been paid for and everything, but it's been 2 weeks and still not here?? I'm getting antsy waiting on this and I want to know if I am going to get it or what?  I have been trying to turn my Droid Razr on since I bought it from a friend, and I need this card!

your company sent me the wrong sim card your company sent me the certified one and i order the white one smcard has shown on amazon. can i get another one for the price i paid for .i didnt pay for the ceritfied one what can i do about this

This is exactly what I needed. Verizon always gives me a hard time about switching phones and I hate going into the store. It was easy to activate and works perfectly!
