
Almost perfect tablet. I bought a $2.00 At&t sim from amazon, and added some prepaid voice minutes and it works. Was able to make a phone call and send emails. Need to get a data plan from At&t for the internet to work. This was on Edge network but that maybe could be because I live in small town NH...or maybe with the data plan, I will get 3g. As far as the tablet goes, it's is so light and colorful. Spectacular screen and performance. I only wish that I didn't have to keep using the power button to wakeup when it goes to sleep. Whatever happened to just tapping the screen to wake up these things? I don't want to wear out my power button. :-) Maybe ICS will change that, which I hear has rolled out overseas for phones (March 17)  and 7.7 was mentioned to receive it also. I found no lags though as some people say with honeycomb. The tablet is almost perfect. Expensive, but hey, I am worth it...:-) Dawn

Still learning all the features, ins & outs but already love it! This thing is all i use ever since i got it! no more cell phone/gps/radio/camera etc. Absolutely a WINNER!

Soon there will be more than 30 million people jammed inside that box, lol! For third year in a row, not me! There's a real world outside that box and cannot be more of the same every year. I was amazed by tab 7.7 usefull features that i can even use it as a phone while its being a tablet, lot of things u can do to personalized. Super Amoled Plus is really more superior than retina, i took an Iphone 4S & Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket in broad daylight at the beach, Amoled is hands down superior.  What the other dont have: 16x9 HD screen format, hot swappable SD card, Phone-Data or both, Unlocked format from the factory, thats freedom! 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz a/b/g/n wifi frequency, 2Megapix front camera(not vga like the revolutionry tablet lol), 5.1 surround audio, customizable equalizer. No wander Samsung got sued in Germany to block the release of this little killer earlier this year. This is a the reality outside the box, i'm glad not too many knows about it coz theyre all headed inside the box lol!*********Update as of 25 Mar 2012 **************Just like the screen test i did between iphone 4S and Galaxy S2Skyrocket outside at the pool side in broad daylight, only this time its between the new ipad 3 and Galaxy Tab 7.7 (International version), tested and proven, Super Amoled Plus realy outperform the over rated Retina screen of ipad3 in that harsh broad daylight setting in all three screen brightness(min, mid, max) settings. The tab 7.7 has an additional screen setting(Standard, Dynamic, Movie) leaving behind the ipad retina flat dead, lol! If any doubters out there pls  perform this same test i did before making any comments coz thats the only way to prove it. I have a T mobile SIM on my 7.7 tab and uses the cellphone function, for data, i have Clear Wireless 4G Apollo wifi hot spot, using a separate hotspot takes away the abuse the 4G or LTE does to your tablet or smartphone, i heared about the ipad3 over heating issues, i never and will never hav those over heating issues coz i dont use my tablets 3G, 4G, LTE feature to receive internet data, i use wifi. Well, just like most apple diehards out there, i'll be waiting for the next version of this galaxy tab, the Quad Cores cpu. Thanks for reading. Good luck and choose wisely, its your hard earned money.

When I started looking for a tablet it was difficult to find anything having the right format - 7" seemed too small, 10.1" too big to drag around. Luckily I found the P6800 which - beginning of 2012 - was the only one having the size I needed - it nicely fits into a handbag or even a big pocket.Unfortunately, the tab was not available for Belgium, so I had to order in the UK, but I have no regrets.Grace to the SD slot I fitted it with a 32GB SD card to put films, music and photos on.The stand-up case allows me to consult recipes while in the kitchen, or to watch videos, or even to make video calls. The screen really is amazing! When on holiday the maps are big enough to lead you anywhere you want without strain to your eyes, too. And, of course, you can read your Kindle books on it.Updated it to Jelly Bean recently which has speeded up surfing and improved sensitivity of the touchscreen a lot; it also added some nice additional features like keeping the screen activated while you are looking at it. Only issue is that you need to keep the autostarting apps under control, otherwise your battery will be flat without you knowing why:)I still believe this gadget is worth it's price. I'd never consider buying anything "I-ish" instead. Freedom to the consumer!

I bought the Samsung Galaxy 6810, the WiFi only version, about a month ago. My first impression was that it was small and I thought 'why on Earth didn't I buy a 10" tablet?" but a few days of using it convinced me that this size is perfect for holding and carrying around, and comfortable in reading while holding with a single hand.The screen is superb, which is expected being the only tablet with a Super Amoled Plus screen, the colors are vivid, and beautiful.Once I received it I installed Ice Cream Sandwich, and it works fine apart from occasional device restarts and program force closures but I guess that will be solved in future updates.

I didn't buy this from Amazon, but instead from an eBay seller for about $ 600 several months ago. Now I see that you can actually get it cheaper here at Amazon sellers!Perfect form factor, powerful processor, excellent screen, reasonable storage, very light weight, and includes all connectivity options including gsm phone! I use this with straight talk$ 45 per month unlimited voice/data/text plan and my communication needs have never been satisfied with a single device like this little one!Believe me, I really can hold this thing in my jeans pocket! Ever since I bought this I have not needed a separate phone.  I have almost gotten rid of my laptop. Citrix receiver android app works like a charm with many of my office connections and programs.  I have installed Swype 1.4 on this and now I can input text pretty fast! I use pocketcloud pro app to connect to my Windows computer from the road all the time. That way I get the work that this tablet can't do with ease by remoting into my Windows PC!The only negative thing that I can think of is the Samsung OEM charging connector. I wish they just used the industry standard micro USB port.

The main problem with the original Galaxy Tab is the RAM memory and processor speed.The Galaxy Tab 7.7 has 1GB of ram and excellent speed, which is perfect. Come on all Android phones are almost the same in the management, the difference makes the screen size and power, which if adapted to the needs of each person.I need a very large screen (do not look so good) and I want to navigate comfortably, write emails and review documents without having to force myself on a small screen.7.7 inches is a perfect size, great to see well, not so great as to be uncomfortable to carry. Goes perfect in the pocket of my bag, or carry in hand is no problem. Her weight is great, a few grams less than the original Galaxy.The only thing that convinces me is that the letters are very small, email and social networks, and any application, show a very small letters, you have to do some tricks to make them grow, but it's nothing "official" operating system that supports . They say that with the upgrade to Android 4.0 will fix this, hopefully!, For now have to wait. Oh I forgot, the battery lasts all day, come home at night with a 30-40% remaining.

I'll remove this review once they sell out of their stock but if you're buying this from Transformersandgsmphones you should be aware that they are practicing deceptive marketing here.The tablet I bought was in a broken box, and had obviously been handled. It was "re-sealed" with some dirty scotch tape, and while the device itself was in working order, I feel that the price I paid was nearly $100 too high for a used product of this model. Search a well known online auction site to see what I mean.

Samsung Galaxy tab 7.7 has it allIt is thin and elegant. With a smooth touch screen. Great market ..Excellent camera with flash..I can do everything with it ..I access my Facebook and twitter accounts ..I take photos and record videos ..I listen to music and watch movies..I read my favorite historical romances in ebook or kobo..I play games and write notes and display my Power Point and Word files and discuss them at work with my colleagues..I surf the net and enjoy watching youtube..chatting with my friends in Skybe ..I inserted SIM card which allowed me to make phone calls ..u can also insert an extra memory card..I was hesitant whether to by this or I padI pad is great but it is so heavy it is impractical to carry it everywhere with mei tunes is a little bit of workBut Galaxy acts like any flash memory ..U can simply plug it and transfer ur filesThe battery life is the strongest and it lasts for hours ..I can read a novel in the plane without being anxious that the battery would be drainedBut to be honest the screen froze few times in the past and I needed to restart itBut this rarely happenedIn short ..This is perfection in the world of tablets ..

There are lots of favorable reviews of the Galaxy Tab 7.7 out there, and I would agree - it's a super product. The 7.7 size, in particular, is small enough to carry around and large enough to quite easily see what you are doing. The virtual keyboard is a little cramped, but still fairly usable.One "gotcha" with this "international" model is that it came with a British power plug for the charger. The charger is actually a "travel charger" into which different country plugs can snap. But this came just with the usual giant three prong one for the UK. The vendor threw in a UK->US adapter, but this is a kludge that doubles the size of the charger. We bought a sleek charger from AT&T; for $20 (the brand was Qmadix). Despite the claims made by thge AT&T; shop, the charger was only recognized by the Tab as a low power USB source. For fastest charging, the data lines of the USB need to be shorted out - this is the signal the Tab is looking for that it is connected to a wall charger and not a computer.  We found a male to female plug on Amazon that is just for this purpose. After installing that on the charger's power cord, the Tab charged quickly.The other "gotcha" is that for a long time Windows user, Android can be hard to figure out, and touch screen operations can be much different from mouse and keyboard. Cut and paste, for example, is way different, and making multiple selections from a list (like selecting multiple files to move, upload, or email) can be difficult to impossible, depending on the program being used. Android programs tend to be skeletal in terms of both help files and having lots of features and buttons to control them. Android itself also seems pretty skimpy, compared to Windows 7 on a "real" computer.  I have never tried iOS or Windows 8 RT.Finally, to use a physical keyboard, a mouse, thumb drive, SD card from a camera, etc., you will need either Bluetooth devices or adapters that plug in (only one at a time) to the single proprietary samsung  charger/adapter port on the bottom. This problem is normal for tablets, and at least this one also has a separate microsd slot. The Verbatim folding Bluetooth keyboard is ok, but not great for typing speed. It adds about 50% to the total size of the tablet package. The smallest Bluetooth mouse also seemed quite large, given the  overall scale of the tablet. Of course, you only need keyboard and possibly mouse if you are trying to push the device a little beyond the simple chores (like internet browsing or photo viewing) that it is designed for.

I think this is the best android tablet out there, if you are a ATT customer, you are in luck, I plugged in the ATT sim card and I am getting H+ speed on their network, good luck to all the samsung owners out there!!!

These devices have no warranty because they've been rooted. Superuser was still on the device when I bought it, which I personally thought was strange, as most people who intentionally invalidate the warranty on their devices want to cover their tracks and remove all traces of having done so. After talking to representatives at samsung, I now know that unrooters are useless. There is a machine event logger, so they can tell whether the device is rooted  unrooted or whatever.  that being said I bought mine used/like new. the seller is not lying about that. in the condition segment of the product description it said "open box, demo model, perfect condition". it really is in mint condition. it works fine minus the following features missing.samsung hubsbloatwarelive wall paper choosernormally, I like to root and install custom recoveries on my device myself, invalidate the warranty myself on new, fresh clean phone. that way, I am solely responsible for what I do to it. the original factory recovery was installed, but I have no idea if it had been reflashed or in what manner or to what degree it was tampered with.I am still giving this seller a 5 star rating because he was prompt, courteous, and I got the device within 3 days. since I was going to root it anyway ( just because I like to be the device administrator of my own machine, and not give that privilege to the carrier), that doesn't actually bother me. But some others may be concerned about getting something that has been tampered with at that deep of a level, especially if you have no intentions of rooting it yourself. I can't speak for the new products. it's possible that there is no warranty on them because samsung will not grant a warranty to devices not for sale in that country. this would mean that if the box is completely un opened and the samsung official products seal has not been broken, that you're getting pure touchwiz-samsung-certified android 3.2.this may sound like a critical review, but I will buy from this seller again.I'm hesitant to perform deeper modifications (flashing stock firmware) until I learn more about it. I've been working with android for about 2 years. I soft bricked 3 devices that I was able to eventually recover, but 2 of them were so new that it took a few months for a custom recovery to surface. I hard bricked 1 very expensive phone, and I swore to myself I would never do that again. the samsung rep recommended that I am NOT take the OTA official release of android 4.0 because conflicting kernel and baseband versions may brick this thing. Frankly, I'd rather wait for the AOSP anyway. and samsung is now releasing they're firmware and kernel versions for the galaxy note. I'm assuming they'll be doing the same thing with this. so likely, you'd still be getting android 4.0 before verizon releases it-- that and I absolutely hate the carrier lock down that goes on in this country.from what I can tell, these no warranty tabs are really for developers. it takes a bit of skill and patience to be able to discover if your device had been rooted. if you were a mainstream user, interested primarily in media consumption, I would return it if the seal has been broken.that being said, developers, artists, media producers, GO FOR IT! this is a SOLID production-level device, and frankly, the hd super amoled+ touch screen is the greatest innovation in mark-making since the invention of painting. I love this thing. The only thing that keeps it from being absolutely perfect in every way is the lack of a wacom digitizer. I know it sounds hyperbolic, but I'm not joking.I will update this review once I restored the device to stock. it maybe a couple of months because I have absolutely no intention of bricking this thing I love it way too much. this may sound distorted or weird but really this thing is my new best friend.this is not for the faint of heart, but to all you brave souls out there who are smart enough to not do something stupid, this thing is worth every penny. I just wish the seller has actually told me, because it wouldn't have kept me from buying the thing.UPDATE: I found the stock firmware for this machine, flashed with mobile odin and it fixed problems I was having with mms. straight talk is the way to go if you're looking to switch carriers. $45/month "unlimited" talk txt and web.... they're leasing spectrum from at&t...and; undercutting them?? go figure....peace!-C

I'd been watching the tablet market for the last couple of years and hesitating to buy in. The cold hard truth is that, in all honesty, a tablet is not something I NEED to have. But I wanted one. It was just a matter of waiting for the right tablet to come along. For obvious reasons, the iPad was always near the top of my list. I also quite liked what Sony brought to the table. But what it came down to for me was form factor. The 10 inch tablets were simply too big and too heavy to make these devices truly portable. I really liked the 7 inch factor but many of the early models (all Android of course) were low on specs and production value. The Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 changed all that!The minute I heard about this tab I was interested and when I first saw images/video of it, I was in love. However, it didn't become widely available for some time and I waited and waited....and waited. When international versions first started popping up online, I forced myself to wait, figuring it would eventually be released in Canada and I could try it for myself before buying. But that didn't happen and eventually, my patience ran out. I purchased the unit below through Amazon and I couldn't be more happy! The device is beautiful in its featherweight design and perfect size. Despite early concerns over Honeycomb (Android 3.2) and TouchWiz performance, the 7.7 runs smooth and fast. I can not express just how satisfied I am with this device! While other tablets have hit the market at lower price points, this model is unique in it's size and specs, particularly the stunning Super AMOLED display, which was really the icing on the proverbial cake.I can report only two, relatively minor, complaints. The first is that the battery life doesn't seem to be quite what was advertised, but isn't that always the case? And speaking of cases, because of the unusual 7.7 inch form factor, I had to order a carrying case and screen protector online as they are not available in stores here in Canada. And if I really wanted to nitpick it would be to say that I wish the device sported Gorilla glass. Other than that, it's all very very good and will get even better once the Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) update goes live.Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 WiFi+3G P6800 16GB Unlocked GSM Tablet - International Version, No warranty - Silver

Buy newest game. I just can not afford it. So I have tablets but wanted a 7" tablet badly. Now another problem is I live in Thailand and the VAT hits you even more in your pocket. Well this is a 2nd generation, and was going to get the model a bit slower and no fancy screen cheaper. So went to the store close to where we live. I was simply blown away. I am picking mine up tomorrow. Going to go deep  into, yes my pockets. May not sleep well tonight am very excited. This is a quality product that apparently rivals all tablets, even the IPADS. Wonder if it really will turn on my Samsung TVs? Find out soon. Will also love not being tethered to a charger as now. Lucky to get 6 hours with my Acer tabs.

This thing is pure beast.  Just look at the resale value.  Also, go on ebay and try to find a used one.  Yep, not that many.  If you own one, you know exactly why this is a keeper.Best screen resolution on a 7-8" tablet by far.  Destroys the iPad mini (1024-by-768) resolution with it's (1280 x 800) display.  It has a Super Amoled Plus display.  Featuring vibrant colors and the blacks, really looks black.You can make phone calls, send a text message and surf the web.  Name another 7-8" tab that can do this.  I use bluetooth headset and sometimes just put it on speakerphone to talk.  It also has GPS Navigation.  The iPad mini doesn't even have that.  My cousin has the iPad and the only thing it has is maps.  Where you have to swipe the screen several times as you're driving.  Pretty much useless unless you have a passenger sitting next to you working the iPad.This tablet has it all.  Thin, light and perfect size at 7.7.  The texts are super crisp and easy to read.  The colors are very vibrant, and the battery life using 3G is very good.  However, battery when using WIFI is pretty bad.  So just keep it on 3G.I am disappointed that Samsung has discontinued the 7.7 and instead released a stupid 8" Galaxy Note.  Yeah, that would show everyone that they're not copying Apple.  No one is interested in a 8" note.  I hope it flops because Samsung has way too many tablets out.  And instead of focusing on their flagship 7.7, they are ignoring it and leaving us in the dark.I would hope that Samsung would continue supporting and releasing newer versions of the 7.7.  I would love LTE, the newer phoLED display, quadcore, and S-pen support. Maybe even offer a Windows 8 Version.  I wouldn't mind paying $600+ for this.  (Heck, that is what the 7.7 is still going for still).We are still waiting for Jellybean come to this device.  This would make the tablet even better.I am not even interested in any other tablet devices out at the moment. This tablet is over a year old, and it's still the superior tablet. (form, function and performance).  Not really liking all the plastic crap Sammy is releasing now.I will keep this for a long time until something betters comes out.

When I received the tablet, I could not turn it on, neither charge it with provided charger. It just did not respond. Will see how does return policy work.

I own a p1000 last year and wait to get the p6800 until now.  It's everything I wanted and expected; however, the contents inside the box aren't the same as the ones in the unboxing videos at youtube.com.  In the videos and reviews on many websites, there are two 30pins: 1 attached to the outlet plug and the 2nd for laptop synching and stuffs.  In my box, I see only one that looks exactly like the charger in the p1000 with the exception of the Asian outlet plug or somewhere, non-US.  Another odd thing is that the Samsung seal broke before I get a chance to it after I unwrapped the shrink wrap.  That's very strange!  The tablet appears untouched; however, the battery is completely drained.  After allowing it to charge for 10 minutes, I turn it on and check the battery usage and see that the battery draining started 13 days ago starting from around 45% to complete depletion base on the graph.  No other battery history.  I order this tablet 7 days ago.  This p6800 originates from Asia.  Given the date of production, shipping to seller, shelving, and shipping to me should've taken at least one month instead of 13 days.  IMO, I paid for a brand new p6800 and that's what I should have received.  Not something that had been tampered with.  No matter what the reason the seller uses to justify his/her action.  Broken the seal by Samsung and re-shrink wrap it is a complete dishonesty!Besides the accessories, all functions of the p6800 work 100% & w/o a single dead pixel (good news!).  The minor concern that I have with it is that it can get a bit warm on the middle left of the tablet.  It can be bothersome if I hold it with my left hand.  Super AMOLED Plus minimum brightness is still very bright (solution: screen filter app).I played around with it a little bit on 3.2 and then upgrade to ICS 4.04.  The 3.2 gingerbread is bad as other reviewers complained.  The samsung p1000 on 2.2 is better than the p6800 on the 3.2.  4.04 is great and smooth!  I'll have a chance to play with it some more tomorrow :D

There's not a lot I can add to the glowing reviews for this tablet. There really is no competition out there. My only disappointment with this version is that it doesn't include the IR transmitter port or remote control functionality, but that is by no means a deal-breaker, especially since the reviews of that functionality are pretty poor and it doesn't yet work with many different types of equipment. I'm sick and tired of the idiots who keep saying of 7" class tablets: "This would be great if it were a 10 inch". Bull Hockey! I have a 10" tablet, and they are just too big to be useful. My netbook is almost as easy to carry around as a 10" tablet, and is way more powerful and will do a whole lot more and has a real keyboard besides. The ones that have keyboard docks are even more useless, because they have less than half the functionality of a netbook with exactly no more portability. I really don't see the point of the larger tablets. On the other hand, the 7" class are much more portable and have most of the advantage of the larger screen size with 100% of the computing power of the larger ones.

i am very interesting in the samsung galaxy tab 7.7 international version, but i'm not very sure if this product will work in my country (ECUADOR)even if it says it works on every country. if somebody knows that please imform me please

First of all I really love this tablet after having previously owned a Samsung Galaxy 7' tablet. Better resolution, faster processor, etc.My one star rating is for the falsely advertised &#34;international&#34; tag. The ONLY available languages are english and a few asian languages (indonesian, malaysian, vietnamese, etc.), when you update to android jelly bean the choices of available languages remain limited to the above.

I have a samsung S2 and i got myself this Galaxy tab because i like the android features. It does not have any limitations like some other tablets. Samsung works for me and in the mean time i am sticking with it. Quality is great and setting up was a breeze... I don't regret buying it at all..

Great tablet in general, but the item I received is probably an exception.Got it, unpacked it, turned it on, used it for a while, turned it off...few seconds later it turns itself on.When it actually gets turned off, it enters an infinite cycle of battery charge initialization (icon of battery charge initialization appears for a couple of seconds and then disappears for to appear again later) even though the charger is not connected.I think it's pretty much still usable as long as I do not restart it or turn it off, because on boot up it might enter that false charging state described above.Since it's sold without warranty I thought I was on my own, and tried to perform fixes recommended by various online sources:1. couple of times re-flashed with stock firmware2. cracked up the unit and tried to blow off any dust particles with a duster (in case something was shorting something).Also, tried to clean external connector.3. currently depleting the battery to perform full charge cycle ( some sources recommended it assuming that charging circuitry/logic entered undefined state )In the end, whatever I tried did not help. What's left is hope for ICS firmware reportedly coming out in the next month or two. I just hope that the problem is not in the circuitry but in the software. However, since no one else complaining, I guess I have the worst case and the problem is with the hardware.Now, I guess  I have to say something good about this product:1. real estate of the screen is awesome ( reading books or webpages and watching video is just amazing )2. works great, that is, except for that booting problem (sounds ambiguous, but it does what i ask it to do, so, all is good)3. heard people complaining about cell performance. good thing, it works fine for me.UPDATED:Not deleting the stuff above so I wouldn't lose the context.The problem was somewhere in the area of power jack. Somehow I cleaned it, and now it just works.Upgraded to ICS. In short, Scrooge inside me not choking me anymore for those moneys I spent on this product.PSSorry to hear about the loss to Apple. My family not buying anymore of their products...man, so ashamed I bought that small mp3 player of theirs. Going to smash it as soon as I find it.

I had this tablet for a while but recently decided to get rid of it.  Spec wise it was a very good tablet and the display was awesome.  I bought it because I wanted a smaller tablet to use along side my iPad... something that I could easily hold with one hand to browse the web, read news, and occasionally watch movies/etc.Pros:1. UNLOCKED!  Just get a sim card and pop it in and you're ready to go2. Can double as a phone when traveling international... don't get me wrong, I'd never put this thing up to my face to make a call... I'd most likely use this as a speakerphone or use it with a bluetooth headset3. Great display... Super AMOLED is very goodCons:1. Difficult for me to use one handed (deal breaker).  I have normal sized hands for a guy I'd say and I could just barely hold this thing one handed without a case.2. The UI I felt was a bit sluggish, especially compared to my iPad which I have had no issues with in terms of swiping back and forth/etc.3. Text size.  While the display on this tablet is really good for movies/etc, I wasn't too fond of it for reading anything for more than occasional reading hear and there.  The text ended up being too small for me to be comfortable to read for any extended period of time.  I know there are probably apps out there to adjust the font size but it should have been part of the tablet to begin with.4. Battery life... this thing drained constantly on me even with the cell radio turned off.  With my iPad, I can leave it unplugged for more than a week and the battery life would barely budge whereas with the 7.7 I found that I'd have to keep charging it every day even with little to no use.5. Very slow to update... took forever for Samsung to release ICS to this device...6. Touchwiz interface a little sluggish and the extra features they added weren't too useful for meConclusion:While the galaxy tab 7.7 is a good tablet (esp the unlocked international version) it's just not for me...  It felt like this tablet was trying to do too much in one package while not really taking in to consideration the form factor that many people buy a 7" tablet for in my opinion.  If it were a little less wide, had a native option to increase the font size of text in the browser, and had a true standby where battery life would not drain then this would be a great tablet.  As it stands, I could not really recommend this as anything more than a device for watching movies and tv shows with occasional browsing and reading.  I found myself reaching for my iPad 90% of the time when I had the 7.7 mostly because the 7.7 wasn't that much more convenient for me to hold than the iPad.  I'll probably give the Nexus 7 a try for my second tablet as it looks to be a bit more in line with what I'm looking for in terms of one hand holding and portability.

I just ordered the 7.7 unlocked.  There has been a lot of discussion about data sim cards, speed and providers. I wanted the unlocked version to be able to buy a prepaid sim while traveling in Europe.  Here is the states I almost always have a WiFi connection so a sim is not important.  On those rare times that I do not have WiFi and need connectivity, I plan to just turn my t-mobile galaxy S2 into a hotspot and tether it to the the tablet. I will let you know how this works when I receive the tablet.

got this tablet 2 weeks ago as a replacement for my i pad 1. it is very small and thin and lightweight. you get 2 days of battery on high resolutions screen. the display is the best in the market i believe.

I have had it for 3 weeks. This tablet is awesome. The screen resolution is even better than my samsung galaxy SIII. I highly recommend this product.

This is an awesome tablet. Its only downfall is the Samsung Touchwiz interface. Unfortunately it rally causes alot of lag in the system. I imagine all of that will go away over the next few months wth software updates but right now its kind of annoying. The tablet is a perfect size. It fits well in the hand, its light, and the screen is perfect for one or two person viewing of a movie. The screen is very nice. I have a 10 inch Acer tablet and an ipad2, both are fantastic and offer a little nicer viewing experience but neither is as comfortable to hold for extended periods, neither is something you can put in a pocket and take anywhere, and neither pulls double duty as a phone. Samsung did it right with this one they just need to patch the software or upgrade to ICS.

Including ereaders I own 7 different tablets (iPad, NookColor,  Kindle and more), this is the best by far.  The screen is as close to perfect as it can get.  Maybe someday they can bump the resolution of the amoled screen, but even comparing this to screens with much higher resolution, the amoled just blows the others away (and yes, this includes high end IPS screens).  IPS screens have a similar characteristic in that non-direct angles don't dim very much.  However, the IPS screens have a haze over the screen that is completely absent on the Galaxy Tab's amoled screen.  The amoled screen has blacks that are really black, in fact every color just seems to pop like a sharp photograph.  The CPU performance is quite respectable and I never find myself waiting for the device.  I haven't tested it personally yet, but I've read that 64GB microsd cards work fine in this device, which is great if you like having a larger catalog of media with you.  This is a superlative reading device, the text couldn't be rendered much better.  Of course it is not an e-ink device, so battery life is something like 8 hours, not some number of weeks or months.  The touch sensitivity seems very good so far.  I have yet to use the device for 3G access, but by all accounts it should work fine.  The size and weight are very similar to the NookColor.  The Galaxy Tab is maybe 25% thinner than the NookColor, a little wider, but with a much larger screen relative to the size of the device.  It fits comfortably in a coat pocket and is light enough that you don't feel like you have a brick in your pocket.  Also this is one of the first devices to have a reasonable size for the bezel.  I despise all these tablets with huge bezels that just make the device bigger without giving back anything in the way of functionality.  I would prefer that the bezel was even smaller (almost nonexistent), but the Galaxy Tab gives a pretty good compromise.The device isn't cheap, but considering it's the best tablet available at this time, I'd say it's worth it.  I would love to see a device with identical specs to this running a full copy of Windows 8 (none of that Windows 8 on ARM junk).

What an amazing tablet! Plugged in my T-mobile SIM card and off we go! Phone - data - text... The processor is fast! The tablet is lightweight, the 7.7 Samsung AMOLED display is brilliant with rich colors and easy on the eyes. The tablet is the perfect size - big display - yet not too big to carry around or hold comfortably in one hand. The andriod O/S with Touch Wiz is a breeze and is very easy to use. The battery life is great! Lasts all day even with radios on. The brushed aluminum look is durable and gorgeous. Samsung really hit this one out of the park! Now, all this, at this Amazon price? This is simply an amazing deal on an amazing tablet!

Before I made my purchase I researched at least 6 different Samsung Tablets that also have phone capability. This is an INCREDIBLE device and is the one that I bought.Samsung must have had an NBA basketball player holding the one in the advertising on their site. I cannot comfortably hold it from the back in one hand, but, the LazyCar APP makes it automatically switch to speaker phone, blue tooth or the supplied head set when a call comes in even when the screen is turned off and locked. The speaker phone functionally is excellent.This is not for the faint of heart since there doesn't seem to be any way of registering" it with Samsung to get warranty coverage. I am looking into 3rd party electronic device insurance.For starters,, and very important, even though it only comes out of the box with Android 3.2 , (some of the others start with 4.0.+), Samsung has already authorized it for upgrade to Android 4.0. There are instructions on the web to take it all the way to Android 4.0.4 so upgrading the OS is possible even if Samsung refuses to do it because I am using it in a place they never intended it to be sold.This one comes with 16 GB of internal memory while the others I looked at only had 8 GB.This one is the only one I found that has UMTS (850/900/1900/2100MHz) + GSM (850/900/1800/1900MHz) and is therefore capable of HSDPA+ 21Mbps / HSUPA 5.76Mbps / EDGE / 3G / GPRS in the USA.I have it on my Straight Talk AT&T; sim card and so far I get better than 1.5 mbps download in the rural areas of South Texas and when I am in one of the major population centers I get 5+ mbps.With the flip over case it fits nice in a cargo pant pocket and makes it so if pressed you could hold it up to your ear. I think that case should do a very good job protecting it from almost anything except being run over.The case designer needs to get away from thinking it is only going to be used in portrait mode to read books and see it in landscape mode to enter data into forms and databases for business use. Think of it like an old time record clipboard with a hard cover that the user flips up and over the back to find the customers record and make the entries.Update 10/8/12Samsung did upgrade it to Android 4.0.4This made a noticable improvement in the already very good battery life.The change from Android 3.2 to 4.0.4 caused the loss of a setting that would read text messages. But downloading SMSReader and combining it with GO SMS PRO it not only reads the incoming text outloud, but also opens a popup window to do a quick reply. Combined with the previously mentioned LazyCar this becomes an almost completely hands free device.I still haven't figured out how to register it with Samsung. Samsung America tells me to go to the International Site and the International site sends me to the USA site.

Ok, I decide to pay big bucks for this new amazing galaxy tab 7.7 tablet. Alright, the ICE CREAM SANDWICH update is rolling out. Excellent. Until I found out that wifi wouldn't work anymore. I try and google a solution: people all over the world are having the same problem. Samsung's attitude: none. Samsung's solution to the problem: none. Samsung, after months of this nonsense, I have a question for you: when are you going to fix this stupid bug??

Constucted well. Screen is nice. Can Use as a Phone awsome.I got this to replace my Kindle fire which was awsome. I wanted a device that was open so I could use my nook stuff and generic adroid stuff. It serves that purpose well. The 7.7 vs 7.0 is what I liked and the phone use.*******Warning does not have IR port as listed*****************************The seller stated the info was Manufactures information, but did offer to refund my purchase.****************************************************************************I did make my final decision based on the IR port over getting a US non 3g one. The WIFI only you can get for 199.00 less than half this one, and comes with an IR port but 3g so trade off. I decided to keep the international 3g one even though I realy realy wanted the IR port.Its just to convient to use this device for every thing. I use net flix alot and looks good on this device. I get true 3g on this thing andf I mean american 3g. That means the so called HSPA service is chocked to 3g DL and my upload is 1g. I read reports the tab overseas will get upward of 20g dl one the European 3g. So its back to Iphone 3gs speeds. So if ur willing to give up any hope of decent speed look some were eles (AT&T; unlimited data plan) prepaid and other provider might produce better results if so let me know.Im only giving it 4 stars because price is to high considering u only get 3g and the price which should be down for multiple reasons and no IR port like its US brother.

Thank you for your interest in the product I recommend to everyone I am very happy I wish you success

Just got this over the weekend, and I must say that I'm impressed. I'm used to android devices being slow and unresponsive. Unlike the mediocre phones that I've seen run android in the past, this tablet has absolutely zero lag. Pinch to zoom is quick, Google map works great with GPS, and typing is easy since the screen is small enough for you to reach keys in the middle of the screen with your thumbs. Zero lag when playing videos on youtube or watching DivX movies. I've been using this mostly for reading, but here's a quick overview of why I think it's one of the better tablets out there.*PDF files open with ease, and this device replaced my kindle overnight--most notably because I can actually view textbooks and pictures in the way that they are meant to be viewed (not the garbled formatting that kindle often imposes on books with tables and charts).*Small enough for you to take out on a short commute. Large enough for you to actually be able to read what's on the screen.*Battery life is incredible! So far, I'm averaging 2.5 days with light usage.*So light! You can easily eat an apple in one hand and read with the other for 10 minutes without hand strain. Try doing that on the new iPad.Cons#Storage capacity is meh, but it is expandable.#Expensive! I was fortunate enough to find one for five-hundred local.#If you buy the Verizon version, it's packed with useless apps--many of which you cannot remove. Hopefully, some nice programmer will find a way to free us from this burden.

My previous tablets have been the original Galaxy Tab 7 and the HTC Flyer. This device is thinner, lighter yet the battery lasts much longer than those 2. The screen is crisp and bright and really pops. I'm not a fan of the Touchwiz interface, but that is easily rectified by downloading a replacement homescreen (ADW or LauncherPro.It is a little pricey, but honestly it is well worth it especially when I consider I paid $599 for my Galaxy Tab 7 that was locked to Verizon.

I've seen the 7.7 in action and it looks great.  Have a question:  my husband works on a boat and has no access to wi-fi network.  Right now he has a old free-3G Kindle which allows him to download books and do some basic internet searches.  Would the Galaxy work the same way?  I.e. if we don't purchase a data package from Verizon Wireless, will he still be able to download Amazon e-books without access to a wi-fi network?

I have been looking for a tablet with international GSM functionality for a while.  I settled on the P6800 after extensive reviews of all available options (Must be Unlock) but no one wanted to ship it to me in Kuwait (military assignment). Thanks to this merchant, I now have an awesome tablet that does everything I want.  It's fast, very bright (I have SGS2 and thought the screen was wonderful until I got this)light-weight.  Thanks to Kindle and Samsung Galaxy tab 7.7, I have all my books in one place.  I am not getting the SGS3 because the tab does everything that I would have wanted from the S3.

I bought this for a friend and he really likes it. I may have to buy more for his family.

THIS IS THE TOY THAT KEEPS ME UP AT NIGHTS,AGAIN WELL BUILT,SOLID SILVER BACK,PERFORMANCE PERFECT AND VERY A GOOD BATTERY,PAULEY

I'm new to tablets - heck, I'm new to Android, and my cellphone is definitely NOT smart.  But this tablet was really, really easy to pick up and just start using!  I searched for a long time to find exactly what I wanted - a device flexible as a tablet, but with phone capability, but no one in my area actually carried one for me to try.  I'm really grateful to the other reviewers here for all the help they gave - those reviews gave me the courage to get this without trying it first!I'm still learning about Android, and all the various apps that are available, but so far, I haven't found a single Android app this tablet won't run.  (Amazon's app center has been particularly helpful in finding useful apps.)  Also, this was incredibly easy to get connected to my home wifi network, though I'm still looking for a bluetooth headset.  Wow - there's a gazillion of those, lol, so if anybody has recommendations, please let me know.All in all, yes, it's very expensive, and yes, it's worth every penny!

I purchased this product and took it abroad with me. Unfortunately I failed to test the GSM connection and could not return it to the seller.In Austria the official authorized repair center recognized that the GSM reader was faulty and exchanged it.After getting it back the unit was not working at all anymore. It got hot, started to hang and was in a worse state than before.This repair center now wants 280 EUR to repair the problem that was not even existing before.Neither Samsung USA, nor Samsung Austria, nor the Authorized repair center wants to come up for the cost.So a unit that never even worked to specifications and was purchased in May now costs substantially more and nobody wants to be responsible for repairing it.Maybe I was just unlucky, but I will never purchase anything from Samsung anymore.

I decided to write my first ever product review on the hopes that I could clear up some data/voice activation options on this tablet.  As a tablet, this device is simply excellent.  Battery life is superb. Screen resolution is amazing, and it's possible to read this device even in harsh direct sun.  USB storage is easy via a dongle.  Overall, this is a great tablet  -- no, I'd say fantastic tablet.  Now, let's talk about the ability to activate this device for a data and/or voice plan.  T Mobile has a $30/month sim card plan for data only.  I took my P6800 to their store and it was obvious there is a technical issue as follows:  This tablet is 3G, not 4G.  T-Mobile does not really offer a 3G network plan, although they do have a 4G plan.  So, this phone works at 2G and when we did a speed test in their store, with a full 4 bars of reception, the download speed was 190 kbps.  No, that's not a typo -- 190,000 bits per second, or 23759 Bytes per second. Stone age speeds.  The store rep stated that that was because the device itself is not 4G, and since T-mobile doesn't offer a 3G, then we're left with slow speeds.  OK, off to the AT&T; store.  4 hours in the AT&T; store with many different reps huddled around the tablet.  Bottom line is this:  with AT&T; the 3GB monthly data only plan is not available for this device! We even plugged in a sim card from one of their 4G tablets into the P6800, and although it showed 4 bars of reception, there was no connection service whatsoever (would not register). This plan is for 4G devices (which they sell).  If you want an AT&T; data only plan with this tablet, with no contract, then you have to go with the 5GB (maybe it was 6GB) plan for $50/month.  Wow, that's a lot of dollars for data only!  That's especially a lot of dollars per month if you are not a download junkie and feel that you only need 2-3GB per month.  Final option:  Straightalk.  If you bring your own device (not purchase one from them) then you are not eligible for their $30/month data only plan.  Instead you have to use their $45/month unlimited talk/text plan.  My Straighttalk sim arrives tomorrow and I'll evaluate how it works with this P6800.  I was really hoping for this to be a data only device and I'd keep my phone -- because it's easy to carry the phone with you everywhere -- and NOT so easy to carry a tablet with you to be used as a phone.  I was hoping to use my phone for just phone service and the tablet for everything else.  This is definitely possible with AT&T;, but at $60/month no contract and $45/month Straighttalk (not yet tested).  I'd like to reiterate that my evaluation of the tablet as a Wi-Fi only device is 5 stars; however, as a tablet that you want to use with data connectivity -- there are "plan" limitations due to it being only a 3G device.  It's possible, but at higher costs.Update:I received the Straighttalk Sim with the only plan available:  unlimited everything (on the AT&T; network, I believe).  This was easy to install.  You do have to modify the APN settings on the Samsung device, but Straighttalk provides all of the info, both online and in the Services Guide. Worked the first time and is extremely fast in my part of town in Folsom.  Downloads seem blazingly fast and the phone conversation is as clear as a bell.  Several aps downloaded so fast that I had to check to see if I still had the Wi-Fi on (I did not).  Wow, very impressed.  This changes everything.  Although I was originally wanting only data service for the Samsung P6800, this is so fast and so worry-free (no contracts) that I'm now considering closing my smartphone service and just using the Samsung Galaxy Tab P6800.  Finding an easy way to carry this device around will be the challenge.  You can just drop your phone in your pants pocket, or attach to your belt if you are geeky engineer, but this tab will be a challenge to carry at all times effortlessly.  I'm ultra-impressed with all of the features, and now with the ability to talk AND use it outside the US -- sweet device!

I have owned my tablet for  1 1/2 years now works great. Love the fact that it's unlocked and I can use it as a hotspot unlimited worldwide coverage. Can't beat it.

Its size and weight makes it the tablet of your dreams. Is faster than GT 10.1 and the screen is awesome.I'm waiting for the ICS update, but it gives the best Android experience, with all its pros and cons.The power of an "iPad", the size of a Kindle, the screen of an HDTV.

It's a great tablet; call and SMS functionality is perfect.  Just like a big smartphone.  Dropped in my H20 prepaid SIM and had no issues at all.  Speaker phone works great.  No issues with Bluetooth.  No body I've talked to seems to notice a difference from my call quality.  They have no idea I'm calling from a tablet unless I bring it up, which is usually followed by a 'really?'.Other than call functionality next best thing about it is the MicroSD card slot.  I'm not going to go in-depth but yes, the screen is beautiful, it's plenty powerful even if it's not the newest quad-core, video and WiFi quality are excellent.  AllShare is really cool too if you have a Samsung Smart TV.  You can push media or use the tab or another PC to host content to stream.  Really good picture quality when streaming from the tablet, was better than I was expecting.  Samsung remote control app works fine too.The one negative thing I haven't seen mentioned on any reviews is you can't charge it from a standard USB port on your PC or a standard USB wall adapter.  You can only sync and copy files from USB to PC.  The charger it comes with is really something if you are in the US, and it's the only thing you can use to charge it.  It's a 3 part adapter that goes from USB to European then to US power standards.  It's an adapter with an adapter.  It sticks out really bad and gets quite warm too.  I can't image the adapter is going to last a very long time.Otherwise battery life is great.  I get about 4 or 5 hours of comic book reading with the back light turned modestly up (Comics look awesome on it, btw).  Without back light or video you can definitely get a full workday of listening to music on it with power to spare.  I'm not sure of total standby mode run-time but it seems to last more than 24hrs in standby mode.- 4 stars because of the lack of options to charge.

The tablet is great! I love the AMOLED screen. The size and weight is perfect for carrying around. I would give it 5 stars if it came with ICS and a JB upgrade was available. For now, I'm stuck with HC and I don't even know when I can upgrade to ICS :(

This is my 2nd Galaxy Tab, my first being the Galaxy Tab 7" which I purchased refurbished from woot for $250.  That tab replaced my netbook, which may or may not go to my nephew, for now it sits by collecting dust.  When I saw the specs on the 7.7 and I realized how much I use my 7" tab, I went ahead and bought this tab for $655 and it is worth every cent!  The screen is amazing; I used it the first day for over 10 hours without having eye strain and the battery still had close to 25% left.  I tried my T-mobile sim card from my Galaxy s 4G and the phone worked perfect, and the Edge network ran pretty fast on this tab, but not a replacement for 3G by any means, but it's nice to know I can use my card on this at any time and have a phone and net at my disposal.The stock web browser works fine, and I have Dolphin HD as well, which works well too.  Most apps I have used on this device work perfect, but with this screen resolution you will find the font to be somewhat small on apps not made for the 1280x800 screens, but I don't mind that as the screen and colors are amazing, and until you hold this in your hand its hard to put in writing just how beautiful it really is.The speed of this tablet is amazing, I have yet to find any lag, I seen some people complain about Samsungs touchwiz as being slow and buggy, I found that out on my Galaxy S4G, but that is not a problem as I use Go Launcher Ex, a free launcher on the Android Market, and by far IMO the best launcher there is, so do not let touchwiz stop you from getting this tab.I fly several times a year and the size of this tablet for travel is perfect and the weight is so light it is not a worry about having too much in your carry on.Movies and Videos play very well with the stock video player and there are several on the market you can use if you find videos that do not work on the stock player.I spent the $50 on the Samsung Case and it was money well spent, this tablet is so thin and weighs so little, it can be hard to hold without this case to add some girth to it and not much weight and also, its nice to have the protection you get with this.The screen has a coating that really does keep fingerprints and smudges at bay, with my 7" tab you pretty much needed to carry a cloth around to wipe down the screen after minimal use. That is not the case with this tab.I hope this helps anyone who is looking at this tab as a consideration, I say go for it; it is amazing and a stunning example of a small and powerful tablet.

I purchased Samsun Galaxy 7.7 with Prepaid month-to-month data plan from Verizon.  This means I do not have to pay for the data plan each month, it means I can activate when and only when I want it with no activation or cancellation fees. Right now I plan to use the tablet as a WiFi only, but if I need I can activate broadband data plan (say if I am going on a trip and no sure if there will be WiFi capabilities).This was an expensive way to get this device ($699.99), compared to an international version with WiFi only which is currently $549.99-$659.99. But Verizon unit is not grey market, has US warranty, and I do have an ability to get broadband if I need it. I have a personal deadline for the purchase due to a trip, and there is no information when the WiFi only unit (non-international) will be available.A word of caution if you decide to purchase one at the Verizon store. Some sales staff is not aware that it is possible to buy a prepaid device without purchasing a contract.  Even though I stated I was interested in WiFi only and purchased prepaid no-contract device, the sales clerk charged me both an activation fee and first month service (an additional $86). He said that I can cancel the contract after one month without a cancellation fee. Both charges were a mistake on his part: pre-paid devices never have an activation fee, and I was not required to buy one month service if I did not want it. I was able to correct this problem by speaking to the manager, but it required me to know that he was in error even though he sounded very confident about both charges.While making my purchasing decision I compared IPad 3, ASUS Eee Pad Transformer Prime TF201 10.1, Galaxy 10.1 Tab, Galaxy 7" Tab, Galaxy 7.7" Tab, and Amazon Fire.I wanted a tablet for accessing internet while I am traveling, specifically I want to be able to sell on Ebay, access my email, use Google maps, use Open Table, Yelp, TripAdvisor, and Priceline. Secondarily I want to be able to read Kindle books. Thirdly I want to develop apps for my tablet.Originally, I thought I'd buy Amazon Fire because I am big Amazon fan, have a lot of Kindle books, and the price of Amazon Fire is very attractive.  However when I did hands-on experimentation with various devices, I realized that my internet needs were more important to me that my media needs and Amazon Fire browser was a bit slower than the others, and some of the apps did not run on it.The 10.1 inch tablets felt a little large, I wanted something that I could easily fit in my purse.  The Amazon Fire and the Galaxy 7" tab felt about the size I wanted. However, Galaxy 7" screen resolution made the keyboard cover most of the screen and data entry typing (which I will need to do quite a bit of) was difficult. But when I saw Galaxy 7.7" in a Verizon store it was a hands down winner.  The screen is totally amazing, both the resolution and the colors. In side-by-side comparison with iPad 3, Galaxy's display was better. The tablet itself is very slim (0.31 inches) and weights 12 oz (see photo #2 in a collage of images I posted under customer photos).===============================SCREEN:The AMOLED screen is the best feature of this device. Sharp, crisp, bright. It was the best screen on all devices that I compared before this purchase.  LCD Native Resolution: 1280 x 800 pixels.Photo #1 in my image collage shows the screen, but does not give it full justice.Capacitive touchscreen requires some getting used to (it is my first device with this type of interface). I am getting better and placing things where I want them, but sometimes it takes several attempts.  I like the keyboard, it has a nice feedback and once I got used to the timing (you need to slightly pause between keystrokes) I am not making a lot of mistakes. The most difficult operation is to insert the letter in the middle of the text. Due to high resolution of the screen it is possible to use the keyboard in horizonal orientation and still see enough of the screen to make it usable (something I could not do well in my tests of Galaxy 7.0)===============================SIZE:I consider the tablet's size its second most important to me feature.  Big enough not only to play but do some work, yet small enough to be portable.Size (LWH): 7.74 inches, 5.2 inches, 0.31 inchesWeight: 12 ounces (photo #2 shows Galaxy on the postal scale)===============================BATTERY LIFE:Galaxy 7.7 has Li-Po 5100 mAh which is rated for 1200h of stand-by time.After charging it over night, the next day I used it continuously in disconnected mode for 8 hours. This was 8 hours of heavy usage: installing, testing, and uninstalling apps. After 8 hours of non-stop use the battery went down to 20% (at which point it gave me a warning beep). I put it back into the charger and in 3 hours the battery was back up to 96%.  On the day that it was in stand-by mode and just buzzed when I got mail, the battery went down only 12%.===============================STORAGE:The unit came with 16GB and has microSD memory card slot which accepts up to 32GB.===============================USB:It has a regular USB connection. When attached my computer it appears as drive and I can access as any USB device for copying content.  It can also be charged this way, but a slower rate than the dedicated charger.===============================SPEAKERS:The tablet has stereo speakers 3.5mm jack, and the sound it generates is very good.  The volume with and without speakers has a large range. I enjoyed listening it to it with and without headphones.===============================CAMERA:The cameras on the tablet are not the strong point of this tablet. It is okay in a pinch, but I don't see using either one of them much.  However, I am serious photography amateur and have several fairly good cameras so I have a certain bias when evaluating this feature.  I am attaching 2 photos taken by the tablet. One with a flash and one without a flash.  As you see the one taken without a flash is a little soft.===============================KINDLE READER:Kindle reader app looks the same as the PC Kindle Reader.  For usability, I actually prefer the Amazon Cloud reader, which also works by connecting to it from the browser.===============================NEGATIVES:Not much so far!1. Galaxy 7.7 still runs on Honey Comb 3.2 but slated to upgrade to ICS (date unknown). So it is missing some capabilities that are available in ICS. So far the one that mattered to me is that Chrome browser is not available for Honey Comb, and there is no perfect tool for syncing your bookmarks at no additional cost. Chromemarks light is not integrated with the browser. Xmarks and Chromemarks commercial versions are the non-free alternatives.2. The touch screen takes some getting used to.  You need to learn to delay between keystroke when typing. Positioning on a specific letter to correct a spelling mistake is not that easy.===============================COMPARISON of some basic features between Galaxy 7.7" and Galaxy 7" Tabs:-------------------------------7" Galaxy:Size (LWH): 7.62 inches, 4.82 inches, 0.39 inchesWeight: 12.16 ounces-------------------------------7.7" Galaxy:Size (LWH): 7.74 inches, 5.2 inches, 0.31 inchesWeight: 12 ounces===============================7" Galaxy:Honey Comb 3.2 plus TouchWizDual Core 1.2 GHZ CPU-------------------------------7.7" Galaxy:Honey Comb 3.2 plus TouchWiz (announced it will get ICS)Dual-core 1.4 GHz CPU===============================7" Galaxy:LCD Native Resolution: 1024 x 600 pixels-------------------------------7.7" Galaxy:LCD Native Resolution: 1280 x 800 pixelsDisplay Type Super AMOLED Plus capacitive touchscreen===============================7" Galaxy:3.0 MP rear camera, 2.0 MP front camera-------------------------------7.7" Galaxy:3.15 MP rear camera, 2.0 MP front camera===============================If you are looking for a leather case for this tablet, I am pleased with this oneSamsung Galaxy Tab 7.7 Leather Folio Case for Tablet Black Cover Protector.  See my review/photos of it for more details.So far I am quite pleased with Galaxy 7.7, it is just the right size for my needs and the screen makes it a pleasure to work with even for my presbyopic eyes.Update 6/27/12After using the table for 2.5 month daily I still love it. No problems or complaints!I was wondering how the updates for the tablet would go without a data plan. I am happy to report that I was able to successfully perform over the air update (a minor update to Honeycomb).  To check for updates select "Settings", then "About device", and then on the right hand side there will be an option for "System updates".  If there is an update available it will be listed there.Ali Julia review

I am very impressed by the form and function of this tablet.  The size, fit and finish, screen rez, processor speed, and connectivity (verizon 4g lte)  are all superb.  Great medium for the endless number of great apps.  I highly recommended it.

After 16 months of use, the tablet has stopped working. The warranty is only one year. I had to throw in the garbage.

I recently received my Galaxy Tab 7.7 in the mail and my initial impressions are very positive.  I've upgraded from the original Tab 7.0, and the difference in video quality is stark.  There's really no comparison.  My old 7.0, though still a nice tablet, appears noticably fuzzier after viewing the 7.7.  I would say the resolution on the 7.7 is as good if not better than the resolution on the Ipad 2.  I haven't seen the new Ipad, so can't comment on that, but I'm sure the video comparions between the Galaxy Tab and the new Ipad (3?, 2S?) will be cropping up soon on Youtube.  It doesn't really matter to me if the new Ipad has a better resolution or if owning an Ipad or being in the prescence of one is akin to spiritual Nirvana. The Galaxy Tab display quality is more than sufficient for me.  I think the 7.7 inch screen is a perfect size for a tablet computer.  Anything bigger than that and it gets chunky, as has been pointed out in other reviews.  I like have something I can view and hold comfortably with one hand.  The 7.7 has been touted as the best Android in the 7-inch catagory, and I believe it.Another reason for selecting the 7.7 over Galaxy Tab 8.9 or 10.1, besides the ideal size of the tablet, is the fact that it has a built-in slot for a micro-SD card.  Neither the 8.9 nor the 10.1 have that.  You have to purchase a separate SC card adapter for those devices.  I prefer the all-in-one design of the 7.7.  I travel a lot with my job and don't want to have to carry extra attachments for my device, other than the power cord.I haven't had a chance to play around much with apps yet on this unit, but did get to check on the Kindle for Android app.  It works beautifully on the Tab.  I especially love the night-mode option.I purchased my new Tab from On The Go Solutions.  They tend to be pricier, but I was able to buy my Tab rooted and unlocked from them.  Not to mention they support what they sell.  Even though rooting the tab voids the manufacturer warranty, On The Go offers their own warranties at an additional cost, and you have the added benefit of being able to ship your unit back to them for repair or upgrades should it ever become necessary.All in all I am happy with my purchase.  I have no complaints so far.  Android 3.2, which the unit comes installed with, takes a little getting used to, but that's not a really big deal.  Highly recommend the Galaxy Tab 7.7.

i can make phone calls and text all my friends on my samsung galaxy 7.7. it has to be the international model (P6800 model)beautiful screen. colors are deep and nice!

I just received my Samsung tablet. So, far so good, I have to get an internet provider. However, how do you change the language feature from Chinese to English?I love this Tablet!!!!

It turned out for me that the 10inch screens are just too chunky. I loved my first galaxy tab but it was just to slow sometimes. This device is really the mercedes version of the tabs. It is handy, very light, very thin, powerful, and the battery is lasting really for a long time. Two thumbs up!

On Oct. 13, 2012, I bought a Galaxy tab 7.7 International version from Wireless Everything through Amazon for my wife. After less than 2 months of minimal use, it will not open despite attempts to charge it using both the computer and the wall socket. She then e-mailed Wireless Everything but did not get any response. After three e-mails, she reported the problem to Amazon. Unfortunately, Amazon will cover the buyer for 30 days only. Wireless Everything, on the other hand, refused to honor the warranty and insisted that we call Samsung because it is beyond 30 days. To date, we have a non-working gadget from a seller who sells a product and not be able to assist with any concerns regarding said item when it is still under warranty. I am very disappointed to say the least.

It is compact, light weight, solid (metal back). The main advantage of this device is the screen.I will not be able to use not AMOLED display after samsung 7.7 tablet. Magic colors, magic contrast.

This is my second tablet now, and the first one was the tab 7.0 plus which is about the same time frame. The reason i replaced my first tablet was screen real-state. The 7.0 plus has a screen resolution of 1024X600 and the 7.7 goes up to 1280x800 it makes a lot of difference.  Now one thing that i also needed was the 3g network, i wanted to be able to connect on the move. these were about the only reasons i wanted this device... However i got a lot more than I expected:1. The super amoled plus screen is out of this world... its so full of color and contrast that it makes things look so real... also the screen is actually closer to you and you can almost see thing getting outside the glass LOL. The viewing angle is superb too, and the screen brightness outside is oustanding.2. Lighter and thinner, while this tablet is larger in screen, it ended up being lighter and thinner? yes thanks to the Super amoled screen.3. I've been an apple fanboy for years and if you want to opt out of an iPad, this little tablet will give you  and excellent Android experience.Yes the price is on the high side but it is well worth it. If you got the cash, go for it you wont be disappointed.

I have the i815 version of this tablet, which is pretty much the same thing only it has a Verizon logo on it.This is an interesting little tablet. Previously, I've used an ipad 2 and a Nook HD+It is very thin. Extremely thin. It is about as thick as the ipod touch 5g that I also own.This is the only tablet 7 inches and above which you can obtain with an AMOLED screen, and that is the defining feature of this tablet. Since tablets are all about screen quality, this is a huge factor in deciding to purchase.The screen is simply incredible. Watching movies on it, I feel like I'm watching my 50" plasma screen. I don't get the same feeling watching video on the ipad, the nook, or on my home pc with a 24" screen.The camera is also pretty decent, although it seems that it needs to use the flash in order to get sharp pictures.Now, there are numerous frustrating downsides. The Samsung customizations to Android are simply terrible. They slow it down and a lot of design choices are simply bad. For instance, if you want to use a bluetooth keyboard with the device, you also have to use the default Samsung software keyboard. This samsung software keyboard a) does not have a voice recognition button and b) you cannot disable vibrate on button press with it. Other annoyances include that there on the default menu besides the home and back and multi-window button is also a button which captures a screenshot. This is inexplicable. You can change it to a more useful bring up all programs function, but it is simply bad design. There are also a number of useless Samsung apps that exist on the device.The worst sin of all is that this tablet has not upgraded to Jelly Bean. It is still stuck on Ice Cream Sandwich. This might seem minor, except that Jelly Bean is a significant improvement over ICS. You see, Jelly Bean, which is android 4.1 and above, implemented "project butter" which greatly improved the responsiveness of the system. It is still not near as smooth as the iPad 2, but still is a very noticeable improvement over previous versions of Android. Simple things like text scrolling are much better in Jelly Bean than they are in ICS. Jelly Bean was released over a year ago, but on my device at least, there has been no update to the latest version.Luckily, there is a solution to all of these problems.You can, and I have, installed a custom ROM on my tablet called "Cyanogenmod." It is a little difficult, you have to run a program called Odin, set the device in USB debug mode, startup the device in USB load mode by powering it on and holding volume down, load the ClockWorkMod in place of the default recovery, unplug the USB, load a Cyanogenmod .zip file and Google Apps (GAPPS) .zip file onto a micro-sd card, start up ClockWorkMod by starting the device while holding volume up, select the Cyanogenmod .zip file and load it, and then the GAPPS file --It's a lot of work and took me about 3 hours to figure out.But once you load Jelly Bean on this tablet, it is a significant improvement over the stock Samsung ROM. It isn't perfect by a long shot -- still not as stable as the ipad 2, will sometimes hangup especially while web browsing, but otherwise it feels *much* better than ICS.And once rooted, one great advancement is that you can actually load a program onto the device which enables NTFS and exFAT support. This might seem minor, except what it means is that you can load files that exceed FAT32's 4gb file limit. That means....large movie files, to best use the awesome AMOLED screen.So, in short, great hardware, lousy official firmware, I take one star off because of the trouble I have to go through in order to get the vanilla Android onto the device, but good tablet especially for cinema.

This is basically an outdated tablet, although the hardware is still decent. Google nexus 7, ipad mini absolutely kill it.

I've tried and owned/own many tablets and this tablet out does the Google Nexus 7 tablet and all other 7&#34; range tablets including most larger tablets.  The color is &#34;superior&#34; and it doesn't lag on games as I found happening with the Nexus 7.  This is my second Samsung Galaxy Tab 7.7&#34; tablet.  My Verizon version I gave to my 16 yr old son who has rooted and upgraded along with mine to ICS.  This tablet feels great in my hands and perfect size for gaming, and anything else you can install on it.  Personally, the only tablet that could out do this one is one that hasn't been made yet.  Unless Samsung makes another 7&#34; range tablet with a super Amoled Display that's faster with a higher screen resolution I won't be replacing this Tablet.The Tablet arrived on time and in perfect condition!

This is my first tablet. A friend has the Galaxy Tab 7 and the 7 plus was recommended. After comparing specs for months, I decided to try it on for size since Verizon has the LTE version (I recommend doing this if you want to get a feel for it). I have had it for 2 months now and it is by far my best investment ever.Screen: Super. Simple and short. I bought this to watch movies (used to do that on my 4inch Bionic), type, watch movies and read. Book on this tab are really amazing and the screen does the apps justice. I have a Zagg Shield installed but you really don't need a cover for this baby.Weight: Light. Like I said, go to a Verizon store and hold one. I take this everywhere now. I am actually thinking of using this to its full potential: as a phone (because it is). The 3G capability makes this my choice because I can browse the many plans of companies available and chose the best data plan. Or not.Speed: Fast. Browsing, checking emails, typing with the onboard keyboard or with a Logitech Android keyboard is a breeze. I typed part of my thesis on this. My laptop is actually now turned into a desktop because I can take this with me and it works almost as fast as my Core i7 laptop.Font: Small, but adjustable. That was my only concern until I came across the Fontomizer for Galaxy Series. It's available on the android market. Try it. I have no `font' issues anymore.Apps: The Quick office Pro HD (Amazon appstore) works well on it, Circle Launcher Light is good for shortcuts...essentially, almost all the apps that work on the Bionic work on this as well. The Amazon App is incompatible with this though. My guess is it's because this is an international tablet? Anyway, apart from apps that are not supported by the designers like HBO and Hulu Plus, all apps work perfectly. I don't mind TouchWiz. If I don't like it, I'll use another. That's why I'm sticking with Android.Summary: If you want a tab that's light, fast, portable and allows you the freedom of not signing a 2-year contract with anyone, this is it.

I just purchased the Galaxy Tab 7.7. I'm very happy with everything except I'm only getting 2G speeds with my T-mobile SIM card. The same SIM card communicates at 3G speed on my international Galaxy Nexus phone. Is there a setting I need to change on the Tab?

you can't compare it with the ipad because this tablet is simply better, i use it for work, and i can say a few things to you:-it supports 64 Gb micro SD, but if you want to download files from mail, you must root it. Search for the "root.zip" in the internet and install it in the micro SD Card. Follow the instructions from the page (Reboot, install from SD, install an app to mount RW, etc.) of course if you plan to do it you must understand what are you doing, and know that do it voids your warranty. Factory sets don't let you dowload files to SD, Only to the internal memory, anyway you have 16 Gb.-A Software Update to Android 4.0.4 its already available, I installed it yesterday.-The tablet arrives brand new, but the charger comes with a chinnese kind conector and an adapter making it toooo Big.-Buy a case, this tablet its realy light and Slippery.-The telephone its a Plus, only instert your SIM, its unlocked-Compared to an Ipad this is much lighter, display is brighter an more colorful, battery last all day, you can connect and copy files from a usb memory (got to buy the adapter). you can copy all your database in a card and simply put it in, .....The Only Disadvantage is the audio power, the ipad is more powerful when you listen music with your earphones.

I have had this tablet for about a month and a half. Overall very pleased. I am in the US and have flashed a stock version of ICS on it, so keep that in mind. I do not feel this tablet would be nearly as good stuck on HoneyComb.With a 32gb MicroSD this tablet has a bunch of storage. I can keep 16-20gb of music on the external and never have to worry about moving music or movies on and off depending upon where I am going. I still have room to keep 2 or more HD movies on the internal as well as tons of room for offloading shots from my OMD-EM5 and editing them with Adobe Photoshop Touch while on the go. This was key for me. That extra 16gb of storage vs say a 32gb Kindle Fire HD or Nexus 7 32gb makes a big difference to me. I chuck this thing in my man bag, throw on some music, and have movie options as well when I get back onto public trans. (I would like to add that users have been using 64gb microSD cards in this unit. There seems to be problems with the Class10UHS1 cards, but Class 6 versions of a 64gb seem to run just fine)I have found this tab to be the perfect size if you wish to be mobile. It is comfortable to hold with one hand while on a jostling train to read kindle books and still has enough screen real estate to make browsing enjoyable. Having the SIM slot is another bonus. Using Straight Talk prepaid one can get unlimited HSPA data running on AT&T;'s network. If you go overseas at all, you can throw in a local SIM and have data on the go. It is simply chock full of options for any situation.If you are getting a tablet to use at home and never really on the go then a 10" is more reasonable, but this guy is the best of all worlds, mobility and home use. I find the 7.7" screen excellent for watching movies in bed or just lying on the couch, or sitting on a bus during a commute. And being this size, it will fit in far more bags than a larger tablet.The SAMOLED screen is ridiculous for watching movies. It just can't be beat for movie watching vs any other screen technology out there. AFAIK this is the only tablet with a SAMOLED screen. I can stream a 2 hour HD movie on wifi and not even lose 20% of battery running at 85%+ screen brightness. The weakness of SAMOLED in regards to battery life, is producing whites, so for web browsing where you have mostly a white screen, battery life goes down. I have found that using Opera Mobile gets you far better battery life than Chrome, which tends to utilize far more CPU speed for some reason on my tab. I can get 7-8 hours of straight wifi browsing.This puppy is expensive but you get a very well built, made out of metal, fully featured tablet that can do it all. It's too bad Apple sued for having rounded corners and this tab was banned from the EU, and Samsung seems to have discontinued it. With the specs it has though, it will last for years and do well. The key is if you are not in an area where it is auto updated to ICS, you are going to have to flash ICS (check XDA forums) to get the full benefits of a speedy and smooth Android OS with more features than HC. It is very easy.If the Nexus 7's 32gb of storage with nothing expandable is a dealbreaker, this is the tablet for you, and if you want the SAMOLED screen and the option to use data away from wifi. When I commute to the city from NJ for work, this has come in very handy.

Upgraded to the official Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.4 and runs like a charm. I recently purchased it because I thought it was a better alternative to the iPad Mini and I already own a full sized iPad, which can be too big for many applications. I find the almost 8-inch screen "just right" for most applications.Seems more than a coincidence that the current price and the dimensions are so similar to the iPad Mini 3G/4G, and this device has been on the market for quite some time now (just over a year old)... Who's copying who? lol One might say that the iPad Mini is much newer and is therefore a better choice, however it is basically an iPad 2 (almost 2 years old) shrunken down with a better camera and a new dock connector.The fact that its screen is better than the iPad Mini (widescreen with 1280x800 pixels), and has expandable storage (not to mention it makes phone calls/SMS if you need that!) I see it as money better spent.

I purchased the Samsung Galaxy tab 7.7 along with ASUS Transformer Prime TF201 at the beginning of 2012. When I received them both about the same time, I compared the two. Then I returned the ASUS Transformer Prime to the seller and kept the Samsung Galaxy tab 7.7. Both tablets have been considered the best tablets in their own categories. The Prime has the best overall features among the size 10.1 tablets, such as being thin and light, having micro SD card, very bright display, fastest processing speed (Tegra 3) etc. But Samsung Galaxy tab 7.7, which is a smaller size tablet, beat the Prime in big time in the display quality, specifically, the richness of display color, which is the most important factor for me to choose a tablet. I use a tablet mostly to watch HD movies in 1280x720 resolution in mkv or mp4 format while I am not using my 55 inch Samsung LED TV (Samsung UN55D7000 55-Inch 1080p 240Hz 3D LED HDTV ) at home. The Samsung Galaxy tab 7.7, equipped with Super AMOLED display and highest pixel density in the market, has the display quality which is very close to my Samsung 55-inch LED HDTV at home. The Samsung products (TVs and tablets) in recent years have the displays which can be characterized as being radiantly bright and lavishly colorful. Samsung's display technology seems to be their best kept secret, which makes their products have no rival in the industry and enjoy considerable price margin over other brands. It's simply the best. The display of the Samsung Galaxy tab 7.7 is just incredibly stunning. I have had great viewing pleasure with this tablet since the purchase. However, I did realize that the movie viewing is better in a dark indoor environment than in a bright outdoor environment. Please note that the SD card can be only formatted into FAT32 format in order to be recognized by the tablet. An HD movie in 720P resolution can be as big as 4.7 GB depending on how big the video bit rate is. A file size greater than 4 GB won't fit in an FAT32 micro SD card. What you can do is to reduce the video bit rate to 2.5 mb so that size of the movie would be reduced to around 2 GB, which can fit into the micro SD card. I use a free software called DVDVideoSoft to do so. After several experiments, I realized that using a combination of the 2.5mb video bit rate and a resolution of 1280x720 to compress/convert a high resolution video file (1080p, 720p) and then play it on the Samsung Galaxy tab is the best way to maintain the  the picture quality shown on a 1080p large screen LCD/LED TV.***Update***As to the storage size, the Samsung Galaxy 7.7 tablet comes with 16GB internal storage and MicroSD card slot, which you can insert a maximum 32GB MicroSD card. Besides, you can buy a USB female port adapter dongle for Samsung Galaxy tablets to further expand your storage. This little thing will allow you to connect a flash drive or thumb drive to the tablet. Again, it has to be in FAT32 format. The Samsung brand is very expensive (around $20.00). I think this price is a rip-off. I bought a generic one from ebay at a very cheap price.***Update***After one month of use, I realized that in order to achieve the best picture quality of a high resolution movie on this tablet, you have to compress the movie into 4 mb video bitrate (as opposed to 2.5 mb) and 1280x720. With 2.5 mb video bitrate, I would see some mosaic in some scenes. When I raised it to 4 mb video bitrate, mosaic was gone, the image became much sharper and much more accurate. For a 2 hour movie, it would create a size lower than 4 GB, which can fit into the FAT32 formatted MicroSD card.*** Update on March 23, 2012 - Galaxy 7.7 compared to Ipad 2 and Ipad 3 ***A co-worker of mine brought his newly purchased Ipad 3 to the office, and I brought my Galaxy 7.7 and Ipad 2. We played the same video clip on three devices and compared them side-by-side. It is a 20-minute 1080p mpg video featuring some colorful natural scenery. We used "O Player HD" app on the Ipad 2 and Ipad 3, and "MX Video Player" on the Galaxy 7.7 tablet to play the video clip. After the extensive comparison, the people in my office reached consensus. The Ipad 3 has slightly better visual effect than Ipad 2, but its brightness, sharpness and color vividness are still no where near the Galaxy 7.7 tab. The difference between the Galaxy 7.7 and the two Ipads (Ipad 2 and Ipad 3) is much more obvious than the difference between Ipad 2 and Ipad 3. The allegedly much improved pixel resolution of the Ipad 3 is not as so easily noticeable when playing video (720p and 1080p) as viewing the photographs.I admire Apple Ipad for being the first to introduce the tablet idea, which has allowed Apple enjoy much hype and greatest market share. I myself have owned an Ipad 2. But as a rational consumer of electronics and a serious tablet user, I believe Samsung Galaxy tablets, especially the Galaxy 7.7 tablet, seem to be the best choice in the market for watching high definition movies and TV shows because of its superior display quality.*** Update on November 8, 2012 - Galaxy 7.7 vs. iPad 4 ***I received the new iPad with Retina display (4th generation) yesterday. It's the most expensive tablet on the market. But I would say the price is probably justified. Despite the complaints about the proprietary features, iPad is by far the best tablet on the market in overall performance. The display is truly amazing. The speed is very fast. There is no delay in reading PDFs. I've written a review on Samsung Galaxy 7.7 earlier and spoken highly of its HD Super Amoled display. Well, the iPad Retina high resolution display (2048x1536) is a complement to the Galaxy 7.7, rather than a substitute of the same kind. They both are the best displays, but have different usages. The iPad Retina display is best suited for photo viewing. It has the most realistic colors and such high pixel density. The photos just look stunning if they are taken by a good camera. The Galaxy 7.7, however has somewhat exaggerated colors and brightness, which are best suited for movie viewing. The colors of most movies are often artificially enhanced. They are not the real colors that we see in our life. The Galaxy 7.7 is very faithful to reproduce that effect.*** Update on October 20, 2013It has been 20 months since I first posted this review. Samsung has introduced numerous tablets since then. But the tab 7.7 is still by far the largest size tablet which uses Super Amoled display technology. I don't know why the subsequent Samsung tablets don't use it. Maybe the technology is not cost-effective for the manufacturer. Anyway, it makes the 7.7 remain the best tablet for HD movie watching.

I had bought this product couple of months back. The product looks good, but it's very very very very slow, the launcher is the main problem, you have to replace it in order to use it normally ( with some slowness). Although I have not installed any applications beside, instgram, twitter, memory killer, memory monitor and one or two small games and pre-installed apps, its takes 82% of the memory when you open the tap just like that. I've used other taps with same specs they are more smother and have better performance.Moreover, till now, i haven't received an update on the frame ware as ICS, im using gingerbread. Other companies like HTC already updated their customers to jelly bean.Samsung they don't care about their customers, they depend on their regional sellers, retailers, distributers ( which they don't have basic support or customer care centre)The tap doesn't has zoom in the camera.Very experience.Better and cheaper taps are availablePersonally I had spent more than 6000$ in 2 years on Samsung products. I wish I had spent them on Apple's products or HTC

Esta es mi segunda tableta Samsung, la primera fue una  7" P1000. Esta 7.7" es versatil, liviana, c&oacute;moda para leer libros, escribir reportes y ver videos. Baje del market el teclado swiftkey 3 que me permite usar varios idiomas a la vez y con el diccionario incorporado no hago mas que escribir las primeras letras, lo que me da rapidez en la toma de notas. Una joya!!

Verizon has the Galaxy tab 7.7 LTE 4G version. On 10/5/2012 Verizon announced an upgrade to the operating system from honey comb (3.2) to Ice cream sandwich (4.0.1). Was ready to go. Today (12/20/2012) not only is this update no where to be found but Verizon has been silent with absolutely no communication to their paying customers why they didn't keep their promise. Check Verizon's forums to read all the disgruntled posts.For this reason I would not recommend this tablet or really any other device from Verizon.
