
This phone is great until it dies. Everytime this phone has died on me, it takes HOURS to turn back on. And it is SO touchy when charging it. Some times, it will completely stop charging on its own, without me or anything else touching it. My battery has rarely been at 100% since I got it. I am not happy with my purchase. At all.

The price was right and it works for my needs. And I don't have a contract just replaced the one I broke.

I recall the phone was shipped promptly. Unfortunately this phone, just like my original Revolution, is defective. It turns off and on at whim sometimes during calls or bank transactions! Had the seller had an IPhone I would have exchanged the phone, but none were available. Luckily my contract period finally came to an end and I don't have to use that horrible phone anymore!

The phone is okay not bad at all. I haven't had any problems with it yet however I only had it working for 3 weeks.

I got this phone for christmas and I love it. It is my fist smartphone with data. the screen is huge for great display. when i first got it it was so fast. and after downloading just a few apps it slowed down dramatically. When I try to go to my camera i have to wait and wait for it to get to  it. when i want to go into the gallery i will sit and wait for the pics to load and it takes forever. I have to back out of it and go back in. When i search for something on the browser and select the one i want to go to..if i hit the back button it completely exits out of the browser. I have to research all over again. I do like how you can download diff themes for the phone and the sms. it is very "personalize-able". if you stay on the internet or just the phone itself alot the phone will die before the end of the day. I keep a car charger and just automatically plug it up when I get in the car. It has alot of memory and is very easy to use and understand. overall i love it. I just dont like the occasional slowness.

This phone is what one I been looking for over a year now. It has everything that I want. Its great phone

bought this phone to replace another droid i had. i like how smooth the touch pad is on the phone but it takes forever for pages to load and its also slow when clicking in and out of apps. the screen goes black while its loading, sometimes it takes so long i just stop trying and use my computer. not a great phone at all really.

this phone is great ! when its not being charged!!!!!!!!!!!!!! worst battery life of any phone I have ever had!!!! including phone with batteries that where 3+ years old!!! the 4 year old flip phone I gave up for this piece of sh%& lasted way longer than this!! I hardly use it maybe 1 or 2 calls a day? less than 3 min. each and it won't even last 10 hours!! awful terrible!! ya you can watch movies on it, fo about 45 minutes!!!! do't buy this phone unless you have a 1,000,000 foot extention cord!!!!!

I have this phone for about an year and half now. I dread it every single day. And this have left a bad taste for me and I'll never buy a LG product again! Just waiting contract to expire.I had HTC G1 before this. And I thought the G1 was bad... when compared to LG revolution the G1 was 50X better.Pro: Works great for about 10-15mins after each reboot. 4G LTE speed is nice.Con: Slow as molasses. Simple function like dialing number and browse app menu takes full 5-20secs for each touch. Turn on GPS and open google maps crashes phone and restarts (let's be fair... this only happens since last OTA update and either Verizon or LG or both is blame for this). It's almost impossible to get anything done on this phone because it's so slow. Battery life is average (GF's Samsung Charge lasts way longer than this, and performs way faster).So if you don't want frustrations in your life, don't get this phone. If you like to be hard on yourself, get this phone and ponder about all the time you waste every single day using it.

I'll give it an A for battery life but that's about it. I have small fingers and cant text or browse with it.

There are two huge problems with this phone and our company IT department has tried to fix them, or change the settings to fix them, without success.  First, every email I receive always pops up on the main screen, even on top of the password locked screen, so that anyone can see the title of the email and who the email is from.  I run multiple email accounts off of this phone and I cannot use it, for security reasons, if every email pops up on the main screen every time an email arrives for everyone to see.  Second, this phone does not support Hotmail.  The emails in Hotmail will still send and receive, but all formatting is lost.  All previous emails in a string are simply rolled up into one big and confusing block of text that contains all information in a normal email such as to, from, title, text, but all just crunched together in one big block of text.  Our IT department could not fix the problem, and my boss eventually asked me not to send him any more emails from my phone, which defeats the purpose of the phone.  One last problem is that you cannot change a setting and remove the advertising line that says "this email was sent from blah blah smart phone", which is really ironic since the quality of the emails is so poor that I wouldn't advertise if I was them!!!  I am switching to an iPhone.

I want to return these phones due to being overcharged for them when they are other websites for $54...the model is 3+ years old..  they constantly freeze and cannot handle 12 downloaded apps...  the processor is extremely slow... I caller the company Friday and left a message and still haven't heard anything and I've only had these phones less than a month...  my husband has went back to his old phone and I have to use my old phone to use the apps and internet because the VS910 restarts and force closes every time I try....  if you see thus RUN!!!!! DO NOT BUY!!!!

The phone was shipped in a timely fashion and was in great condition when it arrived.  Hard to tell it wasn't new.  I purchased this to replace a previous LG Revolution that had broke, and everything went smoothly in transferring my SIM chip over to the new phone.

I bought this for my girlfriend and she just loves it. It works without any problems. Only thing I wish I would have done is buy a screen protector.

The phone freezes and gets stuck all the time .i dont like th&eacute; phone at ail...

No sims card with the phone., If I knew I needed a sims card I would not have purchased it as I have not been able to get one through verizon as they are giving me the run around , so far I have not been able to use the phone at all.Very Disappointed

This phone kept rebooting itself about a dozen times a day. I could barely use it because of this, wasted my money for sure.

Although this was a replacement for a similar phone that did not work, this one works great, and there was no hassle from the vendor on my return.

The top problem I have with this phone is that it constantly reboots and blacks out. I have to take the battery out multiple times while plugged in to actually bring it past the booting screen.I had this for two months, and then a couple days ago I've been having this booting problem. Complete waste of money.My advice? Don't buy it, and research more on better phones.

Bought and paid as new but came up as &#34;certified as new&#34; during initialization. Verizon store told me it was a re-furb. Seller wouldn't sell it as a re-furb saying that is how he got it from Verizon ( from their overstock).

thank you very much for the phone! I love it! it works great! I need a phone with a big screen, and this phone has a huge screen, and i can text great and see everything great on it! 5 star phone and 5 star seller too! perfect timing when the phone came, because i was having problems with my other phone, and this phone came just in time! very speedy delivery too! the phone is awesome and i would recommend it to others! thanks again! :)

I chose this phone, because I knew someone that had one. This phone is excellent just as described, although I'm still learning it, I'm happy with my purchase. It was delivered timely and all is well, thanks!

If you're thinking of buying this phone DON'T. its the worst phone I've ever had. its super slow, it freezes a lot and I have to restart it by taking the battery out at least twice a day. The only good thing about this phone is that it will not break when you drop it.

Dear people who are thinking about this phone,Don't.This phone randomly restarts in the middle of anything (trying to call someone, looking at your gallery, youtube videos, trying to text, ect.) It lags so hard I want to throw it across the room. Speaking of, the only thing that is good about this phone is that it is built like a nokia and will not die, even though I have tried. I tried to call someone, it lagged for about 20 seconds before restarting, then it took 3 minutes to initialize so I could click on anything, then finally call them. I finished 2 cigarettes before I could get this phone to call. I don't know how I have put up with this phone for this long, but I am willing to shell out a couple hundred for a samsung note II or something. This phone can die in a fire, and I would if it was not good for one thing, sending it in for a $20 discount on a new phone.save yourself from being admitted to a mental institution, don't get this phone.

I like this phone because Verizon makes the best phones ever made. I've had just about every company out there. An now I'm trying this company to see how great they really are.

The phone works excellently. I've got one very happy girlfriend. The phone was a present to replace her old droid. I would recommend the seller. The phone was more like new than the good condition it was advertised to be in.

I purchased this phone only a few days ago and it arrived earlier than i had expected! It works very well, although the camera is not all that good. But all in all the phone was in great condition just like the description said!!

Ordered it received it, no problems, Verizon is still charging me the extra $30 per month, but very convenient to have the phone

This phone is terrible. It runs slower than a dial-up computer in 1994, even with a complete OS Update and Lightning Launcher installed. It's constantly freezing up and having to, not just be restarted, but it has to be restarted by removing the back and taking the battery out. It drops calls, refused to dial, freezes up when trying to answer the phone so you end up missing calls, or sometimes doesn't ring at all. My husband and I have the same service provider and can be sitting next to one another in our home and I will have 1x (no service) and he'll have 4G. This was the biggest waste of money spent in all of time, but unfortunately I was caught in a position where I was a year away from renewal and didn't have $400 to buy a replacement phone when my daughter broke mine. My smashed phone worked better than this one does.

When I took my phone to Verizon they notice the sims card reader was bent. Now I can't get a replacement.

This phone sucks! It locks down all the time. Would not recommend to anyone.

After receiving this phone we went to the Verizon store to switch phones and could not. This phone according to Verizon is a contract phone. Verizon could not put onto our existing monthly 30 day plan. 4G phones are a contract phone and no contract phones are limited to their 3G service only. What was terrible is having to pay $8.00 to return it. This phone got terrible ratings from other reviewers so I guess no big loss.

It's a long time past since I bought this phone, but I recently realized I had forgotten to review it.The good news: the phone still works.  It's a decent phone.  I like the operating system and that it's unlocked.The bad news: the charge port stopped working after two days.The worse news: to repair the charge port would cost more than the phone.So now I switch the battery out onto an external charger every time it gets low.  It's epic.

Overall, it was a pretty good phone. It's like any other Android that you buy. The only reason why I'm getting rid of it is so I can get an iPhone.

Its a good phone and haven't had a problem with it at all. it takes great pictures and downloads apps pretty fast.

Got this LG Revolution as a gift and LG should not be in the business ... online support is off-line, no updates offered, power-up starts with a "blank" screen ,,, battery life is very very poor half-day at the most ... carry extra batteries if you can, hotspot shut-off (hardcoded) 1/2 hour or less,  more apps means slow, slower, slow downs, ... blank or frozen screens, no technical support from LG  ... my service providers can't help ... it's a LG hardware/software problem.  Only plus, it an Android operating system ... I know what NOT to get and that's LG hardware.

I got this phone last year for myself and my wife.  It's LG first 4G phone in the US and it's a great start.  It's been updated to Gingerbread OS.  Design looks better than most 4G phones out there.

I wish I could have given this a "Zero Stars" rating. Absolutely worthless piece of crap. This is the last LG phone I will ever buy. I went through all 3 versions of the LG Envy and hated them all because of how glitchy they were (despite the liars at verizon telling me over and over that LG has fixed them). I'm not surprised that LG has continued this tradition in it's 4G line of garbage.If you do a google search for "LG Revolution reviews" you'll find the majority of LG revolution owners, like me, want to throw their phone in a lake.Aside from a general lag in ANYTHING that you try to do on this phone, expect these additional glitches to occur on a regular basis:- Pictures that you take or load on your phone may or may not be saved on the phone....they may also just randomly disappear.- Need to dial "911" because of an emergency? Well you had better use someone else's phone then because simply switching to the "emergency mode" when you press the send button will cause the phone to crash and shut down completely. Hopefully you have time to restart the phone once or twice before the person dies.- Battery life? Well, if you want to pay an extra $60 on the extended battery pack, you MIGHT just be able to make it through a full day's use....unless you want to make phone calls or do anything else on the phone, in which case you better keep a charger with you at all times. Stock battery was dead after about 1 hr of listening to music....pathetic.- Answering calls becomes a fun game of furiously tapping the "answer" button until it recognizes that you might want to actually use the phone for more than just a paperweight.- Texting is a blast thanks to the keyboard that randomly decides it's tired now and would like to disappear for a bit.There's more glitches, but you get the point. Add onto this that the phone comes pre-packed with (give or take) 40 apps that can't be deleted and are completely useless for me. The sound is terrible when trying to watch something on the screen as the speaker is on the back of the phone and distorts terribly at anything over half volume.Now, before you go and tell me that there's probably patches or an updated version of the OS that fixes these problems....there's not. I'm on my 3rd warranty phone because the new one I bought was worse yet on the glitches, and the first warranty phone verizon sent me had a broken SD card holder. I've taken the one I have currently into the verizon store and had the software updated while they attempted to pressure me into buying a new phone and endless accessories for my existing phone. After an hour of updating the software, and losing all the pictures I had on the memory card (because they didn't tell me to take the micro SD card out first), I'm still stuck with the same overpriced, glitchy POS.TELL YOUR FRIENDS: DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!

this phone is 100% in working condition but the battery that was sold with the phone is aabsolutely terrible. Phone stays on for only about 30 minutes. if you buy from seller i would suggest to purchase another battery from somewhere else.

i bought this phone like a week a go and i love it.i recommend the phone to anyone, love the screen, the loght, the aplications and more and also lg is a wonderful brand.

Heavy phone, must touch several times to make screen respond, bad app versions compared to others, really wish I hadn't purchased, but my Galaxy 3 died after dropping and no $650 to replace it.

This piece of crap takes like 30 seconds just to get to the freaking phone function.That's right.  It takes me nearly a minute to call someone on the freaking phone because it lags so hard.  And that's on a good day.I can't wait til I can smash this thing with a brick.

I did love it, but unfortunately I couldn't send or receive pictures. I took it to the cell phone store to see if they could do something about it, that didn't work either. I sent it in to LG, and they told me it was out of warrenty, and it would cost $170.00 to repair with warrenty, or $45. just to repair. As soon as they send it back unrepaired, I will send it back to Amazon.

Constantly freezes at the most inopportune times.  Even freezes when you get a call.  It rings, but you can't answer it.  It freezes when you swipe it.  Too often you have to remove the battery and reboot.

The first phone either wouldn't send or wouldn't receive text messages, but then would also send some messages (unbeknownst to me) over and over. I had no idea this was happening until people finally started asking why I wasnt texting back or why i was sending them the same message several times in a row.  The second phone would randomly shut off, was extremely slow and they screen would go totally black when i was on a call, so I could basically use it only to talk until the call was over and then i would have to take the battery out and re boot the phone.  Im on my third model now (thanks to certain Verizon terms, if i want to upgrade to a different model I have to pay full price) and its a combination of all of these issues, minus the screen going black during calls.  However, this current model will often get "stuck" when im rotating the phone (such as turning it to look length wise at a photo or map) and will stay that way until I re boot. Sometimes it doesnt ring when Im getting a call and goes straight to voicemail.  The camera on this phone leaves a lot to be desired and all in all, there just isnt anything great about it.  If i had to the chance to change models without a huge fee, I would do it in a hearbeat. Save yourself the trouble and just get another design.

got phone and only worked for few months.

The phone sucks point blank it's slow only works half the time not really what I expected I will not buy any more off here

When I first got my phone everything was great, just recently my phone hasn't been responding to my touch at all so I have to take the battery out and restart the phone then it will work for a couple of days then do it again. kinda frustrating and annoying. I received my phone in a timely manner so that was nice. hopefully this is just a fluke with my service and not the phone

phone had an android platform but not the one required for pairing with my vehicle radio. Chrysler Uconnect put out the list for the year of car and radion type, this list need a lot of work

Bought this phone for my son. He had it for 8 days before it stopped charging! $100 out the window!!!

have to have a contract with this phone and this is not what i wanted, i wanted a prepaid cell phone, so i could not use it

This is the worst phone i have ever had. It sucks and Verizon does too. I bought insurance to buy back this crappy phone it after 6 months i wanted to change phones. Wrong that was a $100.00 wasted because they want me to send the phone to LG  for 7 to 9 days and not have a phone till they check it out. They will then send me a refurbished one. If there is this much problems with a new one why do they think a refurbished one is going to be better.I'm having a lawyer look into the Guranteed buy back plan i purchased when i got this phone. I will be talking to someone and it cuts off. The screen freezes up and i have to take the battery and reset everything. I'll be touching the screen to exit and it want even cut off. They have taken them out of the store because they know they are not any good. I have unlimited internet and when i'm home it says page unavailable so i have to use wifi off my home internet to surf the web on it. Terrible phone. I would like to add this phone was not purchased from amazon.

the 4 main home keys didnt work when i got the product. The cell phone does not recognize the sim card anymore

My daughter in law was in need of a new phone,  this was right in my price range.  It did require her to install an SD card, but she enjoys it and says it works GREAT.

In the beginning the phone had issues, but once they pushed out the OTA updates to fix the issues its been working like a charm!

This phone is the WORST!!  THE PHONE blacks out whenever , it moves slow, the camera is terrible . Never again -! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE

so i bought this phone and i guess it was stolen. i received it before the actual date it was supposed to get here so i was pretty happy but then i go to activate and i am told that they cant do anything for me since the phone is stolen.

This phone is so fast with the 4g LTE capabilities. It used to be slow but after I took it to the Verizon store and had a new SIM card placed in the phone became lightning fast. I LOVE THIS PHONE. Great product great service.

Great price, arrived 2 days before amazon said it would!! Phone works great, little heavy but fast and in great shape.

Looked new and was in box as if new, that was nice. Glad I made the purchase as it was an emergency.

The phone is great but, only if I can use it. My carrier wants $100 a month for a 4G no-contract phone. Still in original box.

I realize this phone is already a relic, but in case you have considered buying one, don't.  It's terrible.  The battery time is laughable.  I tried every tip and trick imaginable to improve it to almost no avail.  After having it for about a year, it would regularly crash, requiring me to pop the battery and reboot, which takes close to 10 minutes.  At times it would take 2-3 minutes to pull up the dialer so I could make a phone call.  My wife would regularly shake her head at me while using her iPhone in an "I told you" kind of way.  I'll never buy another LG phone product.

My husbands grandma loved it n uses it often. She said it's better than all her other phones! Thank you Amazon

This phone was horrible. Froze all the time and apps took FOREVER to load since the first day I got it Not to mention battery lasted about two hours. Saved up my money and got the Motarola Droid Razr HD from another seller. 100000 times better.

Whenever turned on , would give incorrect date time and location even after set up , would randomly freese up and shut of , front camera low quality ... just not what I expected

This is a good replacement phone.  My wife's was dropped in the washer & we needed a replacement, this seemed to be a good choice

It was an okay purchase, it was a phone for a very younger person, it is small and a little hard to type, and use, this has nothing against the seller, but I wish it would of been more explained regarding the size.  Delivery time was a little slow, but I am guessing that was because of the holiday.

very good product i had a problem with the first one i recieved but they worked with me and got the problem solved have not had a single problem since. thanks

The product arrived quickly and was in great condition.  I haven't had any issues with the phone since I activated it.  Packed well and honestly described product. Satisfied.

I ordered this phone because my other (nearly brand new) phone had an unfortunate run-in with a falling soy sauce bottle and was completely shattered and unusable... this phone is hardly better than the broken one! I bought this only because there was no way I could pay $600-700 to replace my broken phone and I've always had good luck with LG phones. Unfortunately, this one is AWFUL! It's SLOWER than slow, apps error out and unexpectedly shut down all the time, the camera is sub-par, and it only connects to my in-car Bluetooth when it wants to. At this point I have no choice but to wait out the remaining 18 months until I'm eligible for an upgrade through Verizon, but it will definitely be a long wait with such an unfortunate purchase.UPDATE 2/6/14: I just couldn't do it anymore... wound up ordering a Lucid 2 which is about 1000x better than this phone could ever have hoped to be. What an absolute waste of $115

I did't order this phone from amazon, but I have a Verizon contract.. I ordered it because with a two year plan, it was free. What better than getting a phone with 4g and a front and rear facing camera. WRONG. what I got was a phone that doesn't send text messages or receive, barely makes phone calls and constantly has to reboot. Never buy this product.

constantly freezes, kicks me out of web browser and upon reentry it sends me to home page instead of previous page. screen doesn't always recognize when my finger touches screen. web browser will scroll to bottom of internet page and I can't scroll back up. extremely frustrating. my broken phone is less broke than this. email asks me to verify pw every other day

the phone glitched like crazy it would randomly power down the volume would turn its self up ordown the screen would only work half of the time the battery life was terrible

This phone sucks. Absolutely sucks. 6 months after buying it, it decided to black screen. 6 months after getting the 2nd one, black screen. My third? Takes 15 minutes to turn on. Another 5 to do it's 'media scanning' and... well the list of what it can't do is endless. Not to mention ITS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH ANYTHING! Hardly any apps or games work with this thing.

This is a great phone. Read a ton of reviews that this phone is less than satisfactory.So far ive download a bunch of apps and no problems with phone. Its fast and perfect for me.

not unlocked liked I thought it said it was so it was almost impossible to unlock phone.  I ended get rid of the phone

Good afternoon GentlemenRecently made &#8203;&#8203;a purchase from your store a Verizon LG Revolution 4G LTE Android Smartphone WiFi. No Contract  at February 3, 2014, with order # 110-2862714-9644224I have tried putting on a line of operators that exist in Venezuela (Movistar, Digitel and Movilnet) without positive resultsMy question, this phone is locked?Of being blocked as I can unlock the phoneRegardsAdelis Alvarado

Whenever I got the phone in the mail. I took it to verizon wireless to get hooked up.. it was supposed to be a new phone.. Whenever I took it in they told me that the sim card holder on back of phone was damaged.. so much for a NEW phone!

I received the phone and the battery had a bent prong and phone kept shutting off. Called customer service and was awesome about it and in no time they helped. Now it's all fixed

I had problems with it freezing and running slow I thought it would have been a little better but it wasn't

I am getting used to my new and first smart phone. So far I really like it. I am still learning, but it is a good phone so far.

It was great.  It was fast shipping to me which I was pleased with.  Did not come with a Sim card but it's only 10$ for that. Slightly displeased that the sd card slot was broken but can't complain about anything else so it's a great phone! !

I had to purchase a phone without a contract due to losing my Samsung Galazy III to the bottom of a lake.  :-(  I reseached the Verizon phones (my contract still had a year and a half), and I was hesitant to purchase the Verizon LG Revolution, but from the phones available, it seemed to have the best reviews for a decent price.  The phone allows decent &#34;smart phone&#34; action, and if I hadn't had the luxury of the Galazy III before this one, I might think it's a good smart phone.  It doesn't allow all the Facebook capabilities that I was used to; the camera is okay...but not nearly as clear.  My phone often gets locked up and takes a while to progress to the next or previous screen.  The keyboard, which normally works from top to bottom...or turned on its side, often (at least once a week) gives me an error message and no longer works on its side...(I have to do a hard shut down to get it back).  As other reviews have mentioned, the battery life is NOT impressive.  If I don't use it very much through the day, it will last until bedtime, but if I text...or especially if I make a phone call or two, then it doesn't make it till the end of my workday (5pm).Overall, it's fine.  I am not looking forward to another year and a half with it, but it's tolerable.  Maybe better for a first smart phone for someone...so they don't know what they are missing.

If this phone actually WORKED it'd be great.  The only thing I don't like about it when it's working is that there is no option to use the power button to end calls.But it has too many issues.  I don't have time to list them all so here are the issues I've had with it JUST TODAY:This phone lags so much that it's impossible to do much on it.  I'm not just talking browsing the internet or running apps...it takes forever to freaking unlock the phone!It closes out of whatever I'm doing completely randomly.It will freeze with the screen just solid black & even the power button won't work & I have to take out the battery to fix it.  (This really sucks when you're in the middle of leaving an important message & you have to end with "...so, uh...yea...my phone won't let me hang up, sorry.  Just ignore the rest of this message." & then wait for the voicemail to disconnect you.)  & this happens a TON.Won't send or receive random texts, but you won't get any notification of the error.(It's had these problems even when it was brand new & I did a factory reset on the phone just yesterday - nothing helps - I was hoping I just had a glitchy phone & could get a replacement, but after doing some research it seems this is normal.)

When i ordered my LG Revolution I was so exited. But that all changed in a matter of days. The first thing i noticed was the absolutely TERRIBILE battery. It would not get me through the day. The second thing i noticed was that sometimes the screen got pitch black and i would have to take put the battery and wait long periods of for it to start up again. Also the third thing i noticed right off the bat was lag. This phone lagged so much it was virtually impossible to even navigate my self through the phone. I feel so dumb for purchasing this phone. the only thing i liked was the big display.

I purchased this phone a month ago and Its worse than the one I had before it. It types things on its on when I have my charger plugged into it. The camera is so ugly and dull. The battery dies constantly and overall its just not a good phone.

The 4g Lte sim card has a code on it, so you cant reset the phone with out the PUK code.

This is truly a great phone. I'll admit it sucks being stock, but once you root it and install a custom rom it is all it was designed to be...AWESOME! It blows an iPhone out of the water. I currently have the LG Revolution ROOTED with custom rom "Broken Out Rom" installed and it is super fast, very customisable, and best of all: the battery now lasts 2 to 3 days!!  It's not hard to root it and it's free, just Google how to do it. ROOTING IS A MUST, though it does void the warranty, but it is worth it anyway!!!!

Only Two days active but i looovvveee it! In perfect shape-only a few minor scratches on the back cover, and battery life if not that great but for 60$ and not having to renew a contract this id def. a deal! =)) Verrry happy with purchase!

I needed a replacement for my iPhone that had water damage but was still working. This phone was nothing to be crazy over. The seller shipped it on time and it was delivered to me exactly when they said it would be. Great seller, lousy phone.

Besides the frequent freeze ups, random reboots, inability to answer calls if the phone is on the docking station/charger, what else could you want in a future boat anchor?  I HATE this phone. Can't wait until my contract is up so I can move to something more reliable.

This phone is one of the worst phone's I've ever had. It would glitch all the time and forclose programs/apps at least 10 times a day. I could barley do anything with it. DO NOT BUY!

This is by far the worst phone I've ever owned.  That's not hyperbole.  It's the worst, and by large margin.  Actually, it's the worst electronic product I've ever owned, and I owned a Power Glove!  So, let's cut straight to the cons:- The least interesting con is the short battery life. It's 4G, that's just how it is.  No different than any other 4G.- TONS of completely worthless installed apps that you can't delete.  Why on Earth would I want a Blockbuster app on my phone? Can you put a Borders app on there for me too?-  Phone randomly reboots, screenlock freezes, or phone completely blacks out (but is still on judging by lights).  I can't emphasize this enough, because it happens shockingly often.  Every day.  That's not an exaggeration.  At least one of those things happens every single day, the latter two requiring the battery to be removed and reinserted angrily.  The back of my phone is now loose from having to do this so often.- Progressing... &lt;-- Get used to seeing that anytime you touch your screen.-  Randomly changes ringtones and alerts.  It's weird to wake up to death metal (it was a phase) in the middle of the night when you receive an email.-  Often decides that you don't need to be notified that you have a message or a phone call, an especially helpful feature when you have a pregnant wife.-  Screen lock when you are on a call that requires you to use the dialpad.-  Keyboard decides when you are done typing, not you.  It decides you've said all you need to say and just disappears.-  Picture organization is completely random.  Just took a picture?  Have fun going through all the folders to find which it decided to put it in.-  "Billing not supported on this version of the Android Market"  &lt;-- No idea what this means, but my phone advises me of it every other time unlock the screen.  I would look it up, but I no longer care with this thing.  I'm just biding my time until replacement.-  No control over running programs.  You can manually turn them off or use an app killer all you want, but resistance is futile.  "What's New" will continue to run without actually providing any "New" information.  Also, expect 3 maps to be running for no reason.  I deleted all map-related apps. Still 3 maps draining my battery and data.-  Don't bother listening to music on this thing.  I haven't been able to hear an entire song yet, and it's been well over a year.  Sometimes I forget to charge my iPod (yes, I still have one because my phone sucks), so I give it another try, knowing full well it's not worth carrying the headphones around all day unused.There are some positives, but who cares?  I guarantee they don't outweigh the cons.  Not even close.  Let's try one just to be sure though:-  Call quality is pretty good.  Until the phone decides to reboot in the middle of it.  Full circle.Don't.do.it.  If you think it's just my individual phone, go check out some other reviews for this turd.  You'll see some very similar complaints.  Verizon is "retiring" it for a reason (according to a Verizon sales rep).You've been warned.  If you choose to disregard this warning, God have mercy on your soul, because you may kill somebody when you throw this thing out of frustration.

Nice product. Well kept phone. Like the LG product. The graphics are great. It did take a little long to be filtered.it was still delivered on time
