
First off I read a lot of complaints on the battery life, I personally do not have a problem with it, it lasts me a good while actually. It lasts me all day I just gotta make sure I charge it when I go to bed. Also, there are applications that help enhance your battery life, so you can get longer battery power. Also, it's very user friendly, it even reads my Itunes! (I had to use Isyncr to convert) I love texting with it! The physical keyboard is awesome, I am not used to using touch screen so this phone was very useful for that purpose. I also love playing with the applications too, I got some free stuff and I am having a blast. It also runs like a laptop so I do not even have to use my Macbook as much. It's a very awesome phone I love it to death, I can't leave home without it! The Droid 4 is great! I almost got an Iphone but I just felt more comfortable using this badboy. It's an excellent phone!

Love the Droid's features, but it has had mechanical issues. Key board malfunctions, and recharge port broke inside after a year. Not acceptable for a phone this expensive.

I cannot begin to express how much I rely on my Droid 4 - besides using as a cell phone, texting and responding emails, I use my Droid 4 for many functions including online banking to watching the stock market to reading my Kindle books to watching videos to listening to Pandora to sharpening cognitive skills with educational apps. The Droid 4 a smartphone, ipod, Kindle, Nook, dictionary, flashlight, compass, navigator, NOAA Alert, and DS all rolled into one device.Verizon has now rolled out ICE CREAM SANDWICH so the DROID 4 is now a global device (and yes uses a SIM Card.)The 5 row slide out keyboard is a must have for those who text / type novel length emails and reviews.  The button placement is very intuitive though the power button needs to be relocated due to frequent hitting when typing on the keyboard. Annoying but it improves over time.The industry standard microUSB allows for convenient recharging; be sure to invest in a battery boost, typically about $25!Also spend a few bucks to get a microHDMI to HDMI cable to display videos w/audio to HDTVs or projectors.

This is a five star phone for those looking for a phone with a physical keyboard. For those that aren't requiring a physical keyboard I'd give it 3 stars. Being that I bought it for the physical keyboard I gave it 5 stars.Pros- 4G, very fast- Sturdy..... I've dropped maybe 30 times and no major impact on operations.- Decent voice quality- Android 4.xCons- Battery life could be better. Motorola made a mistake in not putting the Droid Razr Maxx battery in it.- A little more bulky due to having a keyboard

If you are the type of person who prefers to type on an actual keyboard instead of glass this is the perfect phone for you.

As SysAdmin is part of my job description, I often will get a SMS when I am out and about.  If it's on the weekend, and I'm not near a computer, I turn to my phone to remote into which ever server is having trouble.  Having to SSH into certain ports, having a dedicated number row is much better than toggling back and forth on the software keyboard.  Also, a lot of my passwords are mixed characters, with numbers.  Having a keyboard as a SysAdmin is a must, if you plan on using your phone for work.  The keyboard on the Droid 4 phone is unbelievable.  This is the 4th Android phone I have used (Started on the Eris, which was awful, awful, awful, and Verizon upgraded me to the Droid 2, Droid 2 Global, Droid 3, and now the Droid 4)  The Droid 3 had a decent keyboard, but the buttons on the Droid 4 are spaced and sized much better.Although the phone is heavy, its weighted nice, and feels tough.  I kind of miss the OG Droid "lip" which was dropped in the Droid 4, in favor of the Razr look.  It does look nice, but I still miss that lip.  I don't know why.  The back of the phone looks real nice, and it's got a decent speaker.  Nothing like the OG Droid, but it's good enough.The screen would be the only thing I take points off for this phone.  Some people can't stand it, but I'm fine with it.  Pictures look crisp enough, and I mostly use it for email, web sites, and SSH'ing into servers.  It's plenty fine for that.  I'm not doing color proofs for a magazine, so I can live with a lower quality screen.Coming from the Droid 3, which only had 512MB of RAM, the extra 512MB in the Droid 4 really makes this phone hum.  I had done everything to my Droid 3 - it was rooted, running ICS (albeit missing HW codecs, and true camera functionality), removed all the "Bloatware" to free up as much RAM as possible, but the phone was still horribly slow.  It ran fine after a factory reset, but once I started loading in my apps, it started to crawl.  It would take 5 seconds to launch the camera, and another 4 seconds for the shutter release, so by then, I missed a lot of cool pics of my kids.  Even my kids were frustrated with the phone, as I was always having them hold their poses.  I had done every crazy hack I could find, but the phone just sputtered and sputtered along.  ICS was awesome, and I can't wait for the official Motorla release to hit (a leak has already hit the Internets, so it's getting close!)  One thing ICS does, is very fast start-ups, and shut-downs.  Google did an excellent job with getting the phone up and running from a cold restart.  There's plenty of other things in ICS to like, and it did make my Droid 3 a bit faster, but no where near how fast the Droid 4 is.Which leads into my next favorite new feature of the Droid 4:  Speed.  The Droid 4 is fast, real fast.  I don't care what report shows what benchmark for speed - speed to me is what I perceive.  Can it keep up with my button presses?  Oh yea.  I'm yet to see any lag with this phone.  I guess I was lucky, because the latest system update for the Droid 4 was only released at the end of April, so I can't speak for how the phone was prior to the update, but I am digging the speed.  The camera speed is my favorite.  That speed increase alone made the upgrade worth it.  No more waiting for the camera to load.  1/2 second to launch it, and 1/2 second to have the shutter release.  It's nice and fast.  Sure, it's not as good as the iPhone camera, but again, having the physical keyboard was my number one weighted reason for getting it.Another thing that surprised me was the 'bloatware', which doesn't seem to be dragging on the rest of the phone.  I rooted this phone the day I bought it, thinking that once I got all my apps installed, and configured the way I wanted it, that I would be freezing system apps to improve battery life, and increase speed.  I have not had to do that yet.  And some of the apps actually seem useful (more the Motorola apps, than the Verizon apps).  The Motorola Blur icing on Google's Gingerbread isn't that bad.  The Home launcher needs some work, and replacing the Home launcher with something else is no big deal.  I prefer the Apex launcher on ICS, so I am missing that, but having a blazing fast camera, and working HW codecs are going to keep me on stock - Motorola/Verizon will be launching ICS soon enough.  We'll let the Razr folks flush out all the bugs first :-)Pro's----Hardware Keyboard1GB RAM = Fast, fast, fast!4G/LTEFast cameraBattery life has been much better than my D3 wasCon's----Gingerbread is oldScreen not the bestLocked bootloader

My husband and I both got these Motorola DROID 4 4G Android Phones when we signed up with Verizon. We are now both on our 3rd phone. (6 between the both of us) These are the worst phones I have ever purchased! The speakers went out in both phones within a month. They crackled and had a lot of static. I was only able to use mine when I had it on speaker and my husband was not able to hear out of his at all! We were able to send them back and they exchanged them for the same phones. We received our new replacement phones in. this time my speaker went out first. A little different this time though, I couldn&#8217;t hear anything! Anytime I tried to answer a call, it was like someone had sat the phone down and was whispering from across the room. My husband&#8217;s phone within a couple weeks after my phone messed up, did the same as his first. Once again we sent them both back for replacements. (unfortunately we found out that even with insurance the only option we had was to get a replacement of the exact phone, no matter how crappy and useless they were. This was not only the policy of Verizon, but of Motorola also, I spoke to both companies after 4 phones-2 each.) Once again, we sent them off for our replacement phones. This time, needless to say, they are no better. Same speaker issues and not to mention the other problems that we&#8217;ve had along the way such as when you are trying to type a message and the screen having a mind of its own and it just start randomly typing characters. You have to just wait till it&#8217;s done and sometimes you have to shut the phone down for it to stop. Also the phone will freeze up and not let you type at all. the phone doesn&#8217;t freeze up like you would typically think, you can go to home screen and to text or even to the browser, but if you try to type anything whether you use the keyboard or the touchscreen keyboard, nothing will appear. Most of the time when this happens, you have to shut the phone off and reboot. These were also problems we experienced with all 6 of the phones. We would&#8217;ve been able to deal with these temporarily, but could not deal with having phones that we couldn&#8217;t use to make calls! This is all without mentioning the hassle it is to change over phones constantly! Although things are made easier now with being able to transfer things like phone numbers, pictures and such to a memory card or apps that can transfer information, but you still have to set your phone back up with your own preferences and I&#8217;ve lost much information I had saved to calendars and specific topic trackers I had downloaded prior. I&#8217;ve never had a problem with Motorola phones before, but I will say that whoever designed this phone, needs to be fired! DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE PHONES!!! I wish I had done more research before purchasing this phone, BIG MISTAKE!!!

I came from the droid x and really hate the virtual keyboard. The phone was ok other than that but i really did not like not having a physical keyboard. I got the droid 4 for vday although i was really worried at first as a lot of people had negative things to say about it based on what info was already leaked as far as the screen and the battery. I def am glad i made the switch as this phone is immensely superior than the droidx. I have a habit of always carrying a charger on me at all times and also of course have a car charger so although yes def the battery drains quick when you browse and stuff i have yet to have the phone actually die on me. Also one thing to note which i just started getting into with this phone is the "smart actions." When i first got the phone i over looked it but soon realized its potential. For example you can set up a trigger, one i have is that when the phone gets to 25% battery capacity i have certain things turn off automatically like the auto sync and all other extras like that (bluetooth etc.). Other smart actions i have set up is a home one so when im home the screen automatically gets brighter and it automatically switches the ringer on if its off...then at work i have it automatically turn to vibrate as well as some other features (also like the dif screen savers that change between profiles if you choose to do so). And these smart actions automatically switch on depending on your location its not something you have to switch to. The other complaints that i hear and heard were about the screen quality...the screen def is not the same as the droidx and unfortunately sometimes you can see the pixels themselves...now taking this into consideration it really does not bother me and i have not really had it cause issues while web browsing as some other people have stated in the reviews...i even upload movies from my computer onto the phone to watch at work on my breaks and it really is not that bad at all, something i can completely without a doubt live with. Again the major thing for me with this phone was, in order, the key board, 4g, and the dual core processor. The keyboard is completely awesome (i actually got a case at the verizon store that fits it perfect and blocks the sleep button which i read another person have issues with when typing where he would press it all the time, this has never happened to me due to the case). The processors make the phone very fast and not laggy which i did get a little bit of with the droidx. and then of course if you have ever used 4g after using 3g it is incredibly faster. In the store i downloaded the app "speed test" to run a test on the demo model while at the same time running it on my droidx and the results speak for themselves. Other than that i really have no complains, my call quality has been good and i havent dropped a call yet, the speaker on the phone is pretty loud (external and phone speaker), and one small thing that i love is how you can go to the camera from the main screen while swiping your finger (the screen before you unlock it). Oh one small complaint...no idea why when listening to your music you dont have music controls when you lock the screen like i did on my droidx...that was kind weird. All in all if you need a keyboard and hate the virtual ones and want to experience 4g this phone really has it all. If i had listened to all the negativeness (which seems to stick out to people more than the positives) then i would not have gotten the phone, but if given the chance to make my choice again hands down i would get this phone again. I hope this review helps someone like me who was on the fence as that is my goal :D and hey if youre on the fence you have time to return it if you dont like it. So give it a try!

Selected this phone because of the keyboard.  My son's iPhone 5 photos are far supeior to any photo I have taken with the Droid 4, even after much playing with settings and cleaning the lens.I use the phone lightly and have adjusted battery use to my necessities - the battery needs charging daily.Suffering buyer remorse when comparing this with the iPhone 5.

Pros: Awesome keyboard - If you're a keyboard fan, this can't be beat.Size - For me, it's the perfect size.  I like that it's not as big as other Verizon phones, yet still has a very impressive display.Battery life - I don't live in a 4G environment, but I have everything else constantly running - GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth, etc. Today was a fairly normal usage day for me (a little web-surfing, some texts and phone calls, streaming radio to and from work, even downloaded a couple of apps).  Right now I'm sitting at 40% charge after 15h 38m 53s (per the phone) on battery power. I can't think of many reasons why I would need more.Smart Actions App - Great app!  Makes it very easy to seamlessly move from my home (wifi network) to my car (bluetooth on, Pandora opens automatically, wifi off) to the office (silent phone) without ever having to touch the phone.Cons: Plastic construction already has some scratches from putting it into and out of my zippered pocket.  They're very small (I only noticed them because I was looking very closely for "cons") and only on the plastic around the screen.  The screen itself is Gorilla Glass and is not scratching at all.  Not a big deal to me, but some people really want their phones to remain in pristine condition.Bottom line, this is a great 4G LTE phone by any standard.  The fact that it has that great keyboard literally puts it in a class by itself.UPDATE:  I'm now over 3 months into my Droid experience and still as happy as can be.  The area where I live and work now has 4G LTE coverage, but I still usually have no problems getting a full days usage out of my phone on one charge.  If I spend a significant amount of time (2 hours +) playing games, the phone does have to be put back on the charger after about 12 hours or so.  The bezel around the screen is still scratch-prone, the worst of it came when I accidentally dropped the phone onto the asphalt one day.  There was no damage to the workings of the phone.  Even if I was purchasing this today against the newer phones out there (including the rumored iPhone 5) I think I would still go for the Droid 4.

Kindle-for-Android Fans: better keep a charger handy. The battery in this phone is glued and screwed in place--you can't plop in a spare battery when your charge runs low and you're not near a charger. That's why I hesitated to switch from my Droid 3 to the Droid 4. I read exclusively on my Droid, and charging isn't always convenient; with the spare battery for my Droid 3, I'm good to go wherever I am. It's much lighter to carry a spare battery than a portable charging device. If you're a Kindle-for-Android reader like I am, this is probably not the phone for you.

I am a Droid lover. I had the first Droid, and most recently the Droid X. My husband got this for me for Valentines day because he knew I missed my keyboard. As far as the keyboard goes, WOW... it just does not get any better. Everything I hoped it would be and more!As for the rest of the phone, It is starting to really grow on me. I was worried about the battery issue, but have noticed that I can do much more browsing on my Droid 4 than I could on my Droid X before the battery starts complaining. Yes, by the end of the day it is in need of a charging, but I am impressed that it lasts as well as it does with heavy browsing.The browsing is super fast and the phone response is pretty impressive... smooth and quick! The display is pretty decent. I did not think so initially, but after you play with the settings and get it to your liking it is fine! Even though it is smaller than my Droid X, I find that I am not noticing so much.I use my phone camera a lot! Although it is not as quality as I would like, it gets the job done quite nicely and I have gotten some pretty nice photos. All my camera apps are run so much quicker. Unlike the reviewer that complained about the lack of a physical camera button, I actually really like that! The front camera is a nice addition.My first day, I was not sure if I would be keeping this phone or taking it back, but I am finding that I really like it! If the non-removable battery is not an issue for you, it is a great phone! It keeps getting better!2/19/12I have had this phone a few more days now, and there is NO way I would go back. The few flaws this phone has is more than made up for with its good points. LOVE IT!

The phone insists on trying to install Motocast on any PC you plug it into.  I HATE MOTOCAST! It is possibly the least useful, most aggravating, contstantly in-your-face software ever written. If you use a Motorola Droid you will constantly arm wrestle with it trying to install, update, and run.

I was an OG droid owner who preferred/needed a physical keyboard. Well two years later and I still prefer/need a physical keyboard. A lot of reviews I read stated the D4 has the best qwerty keyboard ever for a smartphone and quite simply it does. The keyboard is sick. Everything else is bigger, better and badder coming from the OG droid phone. I've had the phone up and running for 10 days, battery life is fine, it's really fast and the lone complaint....the headphone jack location is no bueno when plugged in and using the keyboard. No biggie, just have use that new age touchscreen keyboard when it's plugged in for music. So if your looking for an upgrade or a new phone after owning the OG droid for two years now, this is the easy choice!

This phone comes w/ an appstore which you must use to find all the fundamental things you would expect from a smart phone.  You have to add times, stopwatches, notepads, etc.The support from motorola is non-existent.  If you want any support should anything fail, go w/ a customer focused company.  HTC backed up their product, friends say Samsung does.There are much better alternatives-  stay away from Moto.

I love this phone but concede that the battery is an issue, but mainly due to the 4g network (which works great where I live). I've read many critiques of the screen, but I like the screen, and I can see it fine in sunlight. The camera also gets critiqued, but it seems ok so far. I'll be better able to tell when I can compare it to previous vacation photos this summer, but it comes up quick and works well. For the battery, I recommend downloading the Data Enabler widget from the google play market. You can use it to toggle off the data stream (phone and text still work) when you don't need it and toggle it on when you do. My battery is now lasting all day.  The qwerty keyboard on this phone is the best I've used and I have owned a blackberry.

My daughter had a list of reasons I should get a smartphone so I gave in. The first one I got was a Samsung. I HATED IT! So I returned it and got the Droid 4. I can't say that I love it yet but I do like it. I'm still working on doing things with it but most of it was pretty easy to figure out. I do have one word of warning to other non tech savvy parents limit your child's help because they know how to make these phones almost stand up and dance and trying to make them be still again is a challenge. To those who read this and think it is a useless review let me say everyone isn't a phone geek and this review is for those of us who aren't. There are plenty of reviews for the rest. I miss my simple little phone but this one is a keeper. If you like touch screens then you will love this because it gives you both the touch screen and a keyboard. I love the keyboard. With the other phone if I didn't push a button and propped it to talk I would disconnect the call. Haven't had that problem with this phone. When you put it to your ear the screen goes dark when you move it away it lights up so you can press a key. Making phone calls isn't as easy as the other phones sometimes my tap doesn't take but there is an easy way around that, bluetooth and tell the phone who to call. One touch to the headset is all it takes. The speech to text option is good and works well as long as you speak slowly and clearly. The phone will also improve your spelling ability although sometimes you mean one thing and it inserts another and you don't realize it. So if this is going to be your first smartphone I recommend giving this one a try.

This phone has the worst battery life I have ever experienced.  It even rapidly loses charge when fully powered off.  Since I've now had two of these phones with the same battery life problems, I'm not holding my breath on this latest replacement.

The Droid 4 is my first smartphone other than several blackberries. Glad I switched for so many reasons. I've had mine since June and am still being blown away by it. I selected the Droid 4 for several reasons. First, I couldn't wait to leave AT&T; and go back to Verizon. But its really the features that drew me in. I still like a qwerty keyboard (and this one is the best), I wanted 4G. I also wanted mobile hotspot. Only one phone that I could find, offered it all. This phone is amazing.Two small negatives - Others have said the same, and they're correct. 1st is that battery life is short. Especially when the phone is new to you because you'll be exploring it constantly. I bought a battery back-up (personally, I wouldn't buy les then 2000mah)The 2nd issue is the screen lock button on the top. It has a very weak spring and it will undoubtedly find itself just barely sticking above the phone's outer case. Mine has never stopped working. In fact, it some ways I'm probably less likely to hit it accidentally now.That's it. Over all, best choice I've ever made with a mobile phone.

one of the BEST droids and a Keyboard.This latest of the droids is FAST with 4 G banking and internet is FAST. More Apps than any other phone are available for this wonderful phone. Social networking are one click away. and ONE easy slide and you can access the nice keyboard. this droid had it all. ADD a blue tooth and you have excellent sound volume and quality. Touch Screen is very responsive. What I can add that most do not think about the CAMERA. I have taken some outstanding photos with this camera that is able to take FAST photos even better than a digital camera I paid big bucks for. I can also listen to Rhampsody with my blue tooth. (NO head phone cords to listen with.)I was a die harded Blueberry lover but when they failed to keep up with the crowd I gave this phone a try and with in 2 days was totally in awe of the features and over all performance. the SCREEN size is the best feature. the ONLY negative thing is mediocre battery life so I keep a charger in my purse and car. I added a favorite cover to add some color and bling. I give this phone 5 out of 5 for blending the wonderful keyboard to the fast features of the droid.

I know that there must be people out there who use their phones primarily for watching movies and that are away from electricity for long periods of time.  If that is you then don't get this phone.  The screen is ok:  clear but there are many better ones out there.  The battery life is fine if you can charge it at your desk and in your car and at night.  All my phones have been like that.The phone sound quality during calls is Great.  Best I've ever experienced on a cell phone.The browsing experience is very fast:  much like the speed of a computer.Texting and writing emails and typing in passwords, etc on this phone is a JOY.  The Keyboard is wonderful.

I am sick of this phone I am disgusted had an accident in Aug that forced me to purchase a new phone.  After careful consideration I made the switch from my vortex (which I loved)to the Droid 4 for the keyboard.  Much to my surprise I paid $200.00 for a brand new phone I have had to change phones 3 times I hate this phone the keyboard does not even matter to me anymore.  I am disgusted with swithching my contacts over, and the continousness of having to add apps, the screen is so sensitive, the speakers are horrible, the inability to find a case that fits this phone.  I can go on and on I cant wait for my upgrade to come around again. this is a Horrible phone.

This is my 3rd android phone. Theres is one great thing about this phone, the keyboard, its excellent. However, the screen the one part you use for everything is HORRIBLE. The size is good, but the screen ghosts really bad, its like it has a 500 millisecond pixel response time, the average lcd has a 5ms or less. Reading black text on white is the worst, which is most webpages and most of the menus on the phone. I wish i had read the professional reviews on the phone, as they all noticed this and covered it extensively, most of the consumer written reviews totally ignore it. The dual core proc is responsive, apps load quickly, but honestly i've never had an issue with the processing power of any droid phone. Battery life not great, but not terrible.  Motorola's execution of android also leaves alot to be desired imo, htc seemed to do a much better job. The phone build quality is also very cheap and flimsy compared to the G2 i had with tmobile, and my girls htc rezound. If motorola put a decent screen on this phone it would be hands down the best qwerty equipped phone, but they didn't, the display really is intolerable.Update: ok I've been using this phone for 6 months now.  First 4g, largley unusable, burns through the battery in about an hour of use. I've turned off the 4g network and haven't used it months.  If all I wanted to do was text and make phone calls i'd get a cheap track phone.  I have this phone to surf the web, shop online, etc. Having to constantly plug it in defeats the purpose of "wireless".The camera: its terrible, the focus is horrible and takes an eternity, meaning you can't get good quick shots.Unless you have to have a qwerty board i'd avoid this phone like the plague.

This phone is horrible. I've had to have 2 replacements and I haven't yet had it for a year. The battery life is the worst I've seen, and often runs very hot (this has to be a hazard). I've been a devoted Android user for several years, but I'm ready to switch to an iPhone.

This phone is excellent. It does what some other phones can't. It is very reasonable for its price. Verizon needs to keep up the good work and it will pay off in the long run. I would recommend this phone to anyone who want a new phone.Motorola DROID 4 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)

The screen on this device is actually pretty good.  It's Verizon and Motorola that make the graphics intolerable on the homescreen, and elsewhere.You know the pix-elated icons that just look like trash?  Well, that's no fault of the hardware, that's POORLY DESIGNED SOFTWARE!!!Open up an aftermarket browser like Opera, open up the navigation/gps app, and you'll notice that the lines are seamless and smooth.Google and Android developers do their homework, google apps case in point.  Techies like myself find ways around the trash that is dumped on these bloated phones.  I feel sorry for the Droid 4 and other phones.  They are bogged down with bloatware and other WORTHLESS APPS.Just so everyone here understands, rooting your phone so you can customize it, get better resolution, and watch your phone soar, is what these phones were meant for.I understand your frustrations, and I would to if I didn't know how to get better access to the phone's innards.I have already seen Ice Cream Sandwich on my friend's phone, and it's so beautiful.These phones have dual core 1.2ghz processors, and have so much potential.  I am also sorry that most of these phones will never breathe this freedom, and that most of you that visit these forums will never get to experience your phone unhinged.Appreciate the hardware, the potential, and get connected with some android development communities.... or buy an iPhone.-C

I had this phone for 2 weeks, and barely used it as a phone. The ear speaker blew that fast with minimal use. The battery was down to the red each night with minimal use - no phone calls, a couple of quick internet checks and a handful of texts. Terrible!! I switched out for the Droid Razr Maxx - much better!!! Also, the keyboard is quite wide. I went from the original Droid to this because I liked the Droid's keyboard. This Droid 4 keyboard was a little too wide for me and I have fairly long fingers.

So I tried this phone out and after a couple of days I realized that the battery just isn't big enough to support the 4G radio. It wouldn't be so bad if you could swap the battery out for a fresh one or upgrade it to a larger battery, but you can't. No idea why Motorola decided this would be a good idea but it severely limits an otherwise solid piece of hardware.My other gripe is the lack of a physical camera button like the Droid 1 and 2 had. That would have been great. I'm not thrilled about the locked bootloader or the Motoblur interface either. I wish Motorola would put out a keyboard phone that was more like the original Droid.The display is also pretty ugly, I really wish Motorola would have gone with the display they used in the RAZR here. That said, the keyboard is great, the specs are good, and the hardware is pretty solidly built. Motorola shot themselves in the foot with using a non-replaceable battery.

The battery in this phone renders it useless - worst I've ever experienced. There's no point to a cellphone that must be plugged into a charger about every 8 hours, if that.

This is an excellent phone with two major flaws.  I switched to the Droid 4 after using the Droid x for the past 15 months.  While I liked the Droid X, I find the Droid 4 to be a major improvement in many ways. The 4G is very noticeably faster than the 3G. You type in a search and you are there instantly.  The screen display has also been improved.  It is very sharp.  I am not using a screen protector (though I did use one on every other phone I have owned) since I am not particularly tough on my phones and am relying on the guerilla glass. (Though I realize not all agree with me on this).The main reason I switched to the Droid 4 is the keyboard.  As a longtime BlackBerry user I have to admit I like a physical keyboard better than a virtual keyboard.  Though the virtual keyboard on the Droid 4 is far superior to the virtual keyboard on the Droid X, the physical keyboard on the Droid 4 is the best I have ever used on any phone, including BlackBerry.  The keys are large, lit and well-spaced.  You just can't beat it.Now the negative- first the battery - it can't be removed so you are stuck with it .  Mine only lasts for 10 hours before needing a charge (and I am not a super heavy user).  The Droid X could make it till the end of the day; the 4 can't even come close.  Sure I can disable the GPS, 4G and my apps, but then I would be using a phone that was not much different from a Blackberry.  I have purchased the external battery, but haven't started using it yet.  My first impression is that it is kind of large to be carrying around on a daily basis.The second major problem is the placement of the power /sleep button.  It is at the top of the phone.  Unfortunately, that means that when you are using the physical keyboard, you hold the phone horizontally and your left hand constantly hits the button causing the screen to lock or the power off message to display.  This makes no sense and I am unable to find a way to disable this function.If it hadn't been for the two problems, this phone would have earned a "5".  Unfortunately, it does have these problems and as a result I have to downgrade it to a "3".

I bought this phone the day it launched, and as someone who has used Android phones since the launch of the G1, I can say that I am very pleased.If you are considering buying this phone, it is certainly because of the keyboard.  Let me assure you, you will not be disappointed.  It is the best keyboard I've used on any phone, and I have tried many.  It's comfortable and spacious, and the keys are easy to identify and make a satisfying click when pressed.  Complete with a dedicated number row (lacking on Blackberry phones and most Android devices), it's just fantastic.The phone is built like a tank.  I don't use a case or screen protector, and neither feels needed.  While I have read reports of poor battery life, I can attest that with LTE (which is astonishingly fast), push email on two accounts, and lots of texting and emailing throughout the day, I have no problem at all making it through a full day with about 40% remaining.The tradeoff to the wonderful keyboard is that the phone is rather bulky.  It is, however, svelte for a slider-keyboard phone.  Another tradeoff is the screen.  It will display sharp, crisp images at rest, but any motion on the screen is extremely blurry, and it lacks the vivid colors of the iPhone or Galaxy Nexus.  Still, it's perfectly fine.  For reading emails and texts, and the occasional website, it's great.  If you're someone who watches a lot of video on your phone, you should probably look elsewhere.  Likewise, if you're searching for a great phone camera, you won't find it here.  The 8 megapixel camera on the phone is fine for the occasional snapshot, and I've gotten some very nice images out of it, but it pales in comparison to even the iPhone 4.  My EVO Shift had a better camera.Long story short, this is *not* a multimedia phone.  It is a communication device, and function is absolutely placed above form.  If you have to have the best keyboard phone on the market, look no further.  If you *don't* want a keyboard, you're better off with something like the ReZound or iPhone.

I have come from using four years worth of two different iphones (3, 4) and was a bit apprehensive about the switch to an Android phone and the Droid 4. Almost got a Razr Maxx, but decided it was way too big and this was basically the same phone with a better grip, not so big it is bulky in pocket, and I can live with battery life (see below). I am an objective reviewing, not an Apple or Droid fanboy, so hopefully this helps some of you:PROS:1. 4G LTE speed. In my mind, this makes the phone. Compared to my iphone 4, the speed is blazing fast..my phones with apple always took forever to buffer when watching videos, and this just blazes! Of course, runs on regular 3G network also, so you always have coverage if in non 4 G area.2. TWO Keyboards, one physical, one touch. What is great about this is that you can use the touch for short texts, bursts, etc, but if you need a physical keyboard for accuracy on business emails or texts this works out great. Physical keyboard is one of  the best I have ever used, keys soft and tactile, and backlit.3. SIZE of phone. As stated, almost got the Razr Maxx. But read many reviews of issues with that phones sounds, speakers, and freezing. ALSO DON"T LIKE A HUGE PHONE IN POCKET! The Maxx is thinner than this phone, but not by much , and the screen size on this surprised me cause I thought it would be a lot smaller than the RAZRs, but it is not.4. Customized....As someone who has been with Apple, their system is limiting. I hated the folders and lack of creating widgets and shortcuts like you can here. This system is a lot more open.5. Voice Quality. Excellent on Verizon. No crackling or speaker issues.CONS:Battery life, but EQUALS IPHONE 4! I had to have a charger at home , work, and car for iphone, so this is NO change for me. IF you need that longer life, GO FOR THE MAXX, but I am also told with ICS update the battery life on Maxx is same now as other droids, that may be not true in all cases.I have found that with heavy texting and phone use my battery lasts all day with some web surfing, etc. Have not tried a ton of vids or movies or gaming yet, but with the 4G I am excited to do so! Fast!Screen RES: Not quite as crisp as Apple, but certainly not bad. I see no issues with this unless you are taking tons of videos and photos that are necessary for your job or livliehood...for the average user, it is fine.In summation,I rarely give a phone five stars, but am doing so here. So people grump about battery life, but reality is on any smartphone it is going to suck up the battery. If this bothers you, get the Maxx but be aware if you upgrade to ICE CREAM SANDWICH upgrade you may lose that edge.I DO NOT have a problem while texting like some state on these reviews with hitting the power button.....it is really not an issue.This phone is fast, fluid, and has two keyboards with lightning fast speed. A Winner!

As a Droid 2 lover (and a user of almost all the 4G Droid phones, including Thunderbolt, Charge, Bionic) I have to say this is one of the best Droid phones yet. Like many people, I cut my Smartphone teeth on a Blackberry so I've been a fan of keyboards for years - and this one is maybe the best and most PC like keyboard ever found on a mobile phone.Here is what you need to know:+This is the first Droid to have a full QWERTY keyboard. It is still super thin, though. This keyboard is sweet - rubbery individual buttons (unlike Droid 1, or 2.) Each button gives a satisfying click as well. I love that it has the Shift, Cap Lock on the keyboard where they are on a PC. It is so much more natural than other mobile phone keyboards.+4G LTE from Verizon is the fastest and most built out 4G network and this is blazing fast.+8 MP rear camera is as good as any other phone in the US. There is a front facing 1.3 MP camera for video calling as well. It also has 1080P video recording. Both function well outside. Inside under artificial light doesn't work as well, but there are better capture apps that you can get (like Camera 360 and Vignette) that can help out for inside pics. It does come with a program Smart Movie HD that allows you to edit your videos - a great faeature - that other Droids haven't come with.+Android 2.3 Gingerbread with a promise from Motorola to push Ice Cream Sandwhich in the near future.+Dual core 1.2 GH TI OMAP4430 processor rocks. Every page and program runs quickly and you can run a ton of stuff at the same time.+1 GB of Ram so you can run lots of apps without bogging down.+Gorilla glass (harder to scratch) and a water-resistent coating. Still not waterproof, but anything is better than nothing to help the phone avoid water damage.Some things that you may not like:-You can get a day's worth of talk without a ton of apps running (maybe 8 hours), but you will certainly want a vehicle power adapter and also a desk charger for work. If this bothers you remember that this is a computer in your hand and how long does your PC run without being plugged in? It's worth it.-A lot of Motorola's new devices seem to be almost the same phone. Razr, Razr Maxx, Droid X2 are all basically the same with different batteries or radios. Droid 4, Bionic are similar in specs with only the keyboard being different. Some may say that Motorola is over providing options recently and I would agree to an extent. But the keyboard on this phone makes it a worthy option that is different enough from the others.Overall this is a great phone. It is similar to a Bionic or Razr in specs but has the keyboard. If you love using a keyboard then this is - in my opinion - the best keyboard 4G Droid on the market. Highly recommended.

It enables features on it's own such as silence your ringer where you can miss an important phone call. It is also difficult to undo.

This phone isn't even worth one star.The Verizon Droid 4 is one of the very worst phones I've ever had the displeasure of owning or using.Problem One: If your using an app or playing a game it overheats to the point where you can't touch it, it gets so hot literally within minutes of usage.Problem Two: Poor battery life. I am lucky if this phones charge will last me an hour. I have to turn this thing off to get even a semi decent charge and it charges as slow as heck. If I have this phone on and my pocket or purse within an hour the battery is dead or dying because it's overheated without me even touching or using it. Or it doesn't charge at all, much like it's doing right now.Problem Three: It's WIFI or internet signal unless I am in a 4G area is crap and I *DO* mean *CRAP*.Problem Four: It will either charge too quickly or too slowly and then it's battery dies out too quickly as well.Problem Five: It malfunctions, a lot. I can't tell you how many times the screen has blacked out or reset on it's own.Problem Six: It comes with already preinstalled worthless apps taking up valuable memory space that can be used for other apps cannot be removed from the phone.The only possible good thing that I actually like about this phone is it's keyboard and memory space, otherwise there's nothing else to like about this phone. At all. Whatsoever.I have despised this phone ever since my old Samsung Enlighten broke and my boyfriend paid over a $100 dollars for this phone plus a additional two years onto our contract.Do yourself a favor and do *NOT* buy this phone, because it's not worth the money you pay for it. In fact I wouldn't pay a nickel nighty eight for this worthless piece of crap phone and I'm not saying that because I have a passionate dislike/hated for the Motorola Droid type of phones either.Every Motorola Droid phone I've ever owned I've eventually had problems with. This phone isn't worth the money or frustration it will eventually cause someone.

(Review by Joe's wife) I'm not sure what the other folks are complaining about when it comes to battery, my battery, at the end of a day and a half, still had 20% battery life! Maybe they are on their phones all day or maybe they just aren't using all the smart actions - which btw, are amazing! I can make my phone do (almost) anything I want it to do when I want it to do it - which helps battery life a lot! (helpful tip - I find creating your OWN rules is easier than trying to find your way around the pre-set ones) This is my first smart phone and I think I made a great choice. I'll do the cons first since the list is short: 1) no dedicated camera button 2) wish it came with a memory card. Besides that, this is far exceeded my expectations. Coming from a tiny 2 inch screen of the Samsung Alias 2 basic phone, this screen is a dream. Touch screen is excellent. Phone is very well built - perfect size and weight - not too big, not too small. I NEEDED a physical keyboard because I hate typing on the virtual ones - this keyboard is the best I have ever used! It's large, it's lit, it's perfect. Now on the other side of things, I have been learning how to Swype for quick messages. That's what I love about this phone - so many options for typing. I am enjoying being able to customize everything as well. I am glad to be free of my basic phone and I can now sell my Ipod touch, so now I just carry this. BTW, this phone has been quite the eye catcher! My friends with their iphones and blackberries drool over my slide out keyboard and large screen. :) So go ahead and get this phone, you wont' regret it!

This is my third droid phone. I've owned the original droid, the droid 2, and now this phone. For the most part I love a droid phone, especially the physical keyboard.  I think its a great improvement over the droid 2 with one serious drawback...It sucks at making phone calls. I live in a major metropolitan area, where I've previously had great service. However with this phone, my conversation cuts out or gets very quiet after a couple of minutes. I can't hear it on my end, but its quite frustrating nonetheless.  I talked to another person having a similar problem.Other reviews made mention of the short battery life, I agree, but I've just gotten in the habit of recharging my phone in the middle of the day.

Most professional reviewers have rated this as the best physical keyboard phone on the market. In most respects it is great - great keyboard, very fast, 4G, nice screen, etc. - but it has defects. The email program has a big bug in its design which makes it hold onto all emails until you physically delete each one. With other smart phones, once the email is no longer on the server, it will delete automatically from the smart phone. I talked to Motorola, Verizon Wireless, and Verizon FIOS about this, and none could find any solution to it, altho they all insisted it should refresh from the server. Another problem is that built-in applications seem to be borrowed from non-physical keyboard phones and are awkward with the physical keyboard. The problem is that they are designed with some of the controls only working when in portrait mode. But you can really only use the physical keyboard in landscape mode, in which important controls vanish. That controls issue would be somewhat of an issue with any smart phone, but it becomes really serious in a keyboard phone which is designed for primarily landscape mode when using applications requiring input. Motorola's developers didn't sufficiently consider the user experience. Practically you have to go back and forth between portrait and landscape while using the physical keyboard, something that is very awkward and a customer-hostile design.3/29/13 UPDATE: They have now upgraded the Droid 4 to Jellybean, and replaced the entire interface. In doing so, they have removed the ability to set the phone to vibrate only. I consider this an essential feature. It allows you to use other applications on the smart phone in a setting where a phone ringing is inappropriate (e.g., I used to set the phone to vibrate in church, and use the Bible application). I can't imagine what possessed them to remove this feature. (NOTE: I chatted with Motorola Technical Support and confirmed they removed the feature.) DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE.

I have a Droid 4 and i haven't had any problem. The battery last a long if you turn off the Wi Fi.

If you're upgrading from an original Droid with which you were very satisfied, like me, you're probably trying to decide between buying the Droid 4 and the Razr Maxx.  For me, the Droid 4 is much better.  The two are identical in many ways.  I see the following as the three key differentiators.* Battery life - advantage Maxx, by a long shot* Keyboard - advantage 4, by a long shot, and I consider this two advantages (see below)* Display - advantage Maxx, but only by a small marginMaybe it's just me, but I don't see a big difference between the two.  I'm very happy with the Droid 4's display, which is noticeably nicer than my original Droid.There are some other small differences.  For instance, the Maxx comes with a 16gb microSD card preinstalled, but the 4 carries no preinstalled card.  However both will support up to a 32gb card.  I'm fine without the preinstalled card, since I'd rather have the full 32gb, and it didn't cost much to buy one.  (I went with a G.Skill Class 10 card.  There were no ratings for it here when I bought mine, but it is highly rated elsewhere.)The Maxx is priced higher, but if the battery life is that important for you, it's still cheaper than having to buy a separate extended-life battery (as we USED TO be able to do for our phones!  Are you listening manufacturers?) and especially if you'd be satisfied with the 16gb preinstalled microSD card.-So for me, it really came down to a battle between the battery life of the Maxx vs the Droid 4's keyboard.  I opted for the 4 and am VERY happy I did.The Droid 4's battery life is about the same or a little better than my old Droid.  I'd love to be untethered at least for a full day, and fondly remember going days between charges with my former non-smartphones.  I already have chargers at work and in my truck, and the old ones work fine with the Droid 4, so at least it's not worse than my established routine from my original Droid.The Droid 4's keyboard ... I love the keyboard.  The feel is great.  I don't find it too big at all, but rather more of a relief after a couple years with the smaller keyboard from my original Droid.  My hands aren't huge.  My glove size is medium.  It works well for me.Many are calling it a full QWERTY keyboard.  It's not.  But it's close enough.  The dedicated numeric keys alone are a big improvement.  Having the correct symbols also assigned to them is huge, especially for those of us with symbols in our secure passwords.  My secure passwords were difficult with my original Droid's keyboard, and with all of the virtual keyboards I've seen.  This feature alone makes smartphone use a whole lot better for me.The old Droid keyboard was good.  The new Droid 4 keyboard is even better.  I am much more efficient and comfortable using the physical keyboard than a virtual keyboard.  I've tried Swype.  It's a great idea, and I like it for some uses, but it's usefulness seems seriously limited when I need to switch between the different virtual keyboard views - lowercase, uppercase, numbers with symbols, and another view filled solely with more symbols.  Regardless, the physical keyboard with its shift and SYM keys is a big advantage for me.  This might not be true for you.With the Droid 4 keyboard I can see everything on the screen while I'm typing.  Especially when I'm replying to email or using the browser, it's frustrating to have the majority of the page blocked by a virtual keyboard.  To me this is a another big advantage over a virtual keyboard.  The advantage of a nice, big 4.3" hi-res screen is lost when I'm mostly looking at a virtual keyboard when I need to type.A shortcoming of the Maxx's virtual keyboard is that it doesn't have arrow keys.  I use them fairly often, so this is another advantage for the Droid 4 for me.I have seen one or two complaints from people saying they keep accidentally hitting the power button while typing on the Droid 4's keyboard.  It's easy to understand how frustrating that would be, but I have yet to have that problem after using mine for a week.  I'm guessing it's a difference in hand placement or something.-One quick side note ...At first I was deeply concerned because music sounded awful.  Actually, it wasn't the music itself, but it sounded like the vocals were coming through a long tunnel and were being drowned out by the music.  Thankfully I found that some of the Media Audio Effects had been turned on from the factory.  My original Droid had nothing like this and, now that I know about it and have taken advantage of it, it's GREAT!  Bass was lacking when playing my original phone through my truck's stereo.  That's no longer a problem.  If the audio doesn't sound right to you, go to Settings / Sound and find "Media audio effects" under the Feedback heading.  Next hit "Wired stereo devices" and adjust the settings as you see fit.-So in my book, the Maxx gets one advantage point for the battery, but the Droid 4 gets at least two points for the keyboard.  Your mileage may vary.P.S. It would be NICE to have a Droid 4 MAXX.  But if Motorola thinks I'm shelling out for another phone within the next 2+ years, they're sorely mistaken.  Regardless of what you choose, I hope you thoroughly enjoy it.

The reviews are true!!!! Runnnnnnn!!!!! Please do-not get this phone. 2 year contract for a piece of crap phone such as this? Don't even set yourself up for that drama! #EpicFail

I love Droid. I had the original one and its lasted me two great years.  I decided finally to upgrade to the Droid 4.  It arrived very quick from Amazon and I spent no time getting things set up.  From the time I was able to spend using it I knew I would love it.  Feel of the original droid but faster, easier to navigate, and a much better keyboard.After about 20 minutes I lost 3G.  Decided to stop at a Verizon store and what I thought would be a simple fix has turned into a lot of frustration.  After about an hour of trying various things I was informed I was given a faulty sim card.  The Verizon store offered me a new one but with a charge of course as I did not buy it from them.Now the phone is stuck in la la land.  New sim card in but won't activate.I went with Amazon to save $50 but that is seeming less worth it having spent money on a new card and my afternoon with the verizon people....and I still dont know if its going to work.  Hopefully I dont have to return the phone.  But lesson learned.  Saving $50 is just not worth it :(

Like many others, I went from a Palm Pilot to a Palm Treo to Blackberry.  Try as I may, I can't type anything of length on a touch screen.  So, after the Blackberry, I went to the DROID Pro, and now to the DROID 4.The 4 is basically a Maxx with a slide out keyboard.  Even the horizontal keyboard took me some getting used to, but now I can type rapidly.  I an a big fan of the DROID platform and VZW recently updated to OS to ICS.It really comes down to how much typing you do.  if you don't do a lot of emails, texts, documents, etc., then you have more touch screen options available to you.  For me, this was really the only viable choice.

I would like to give one metric unit of mad props to the Droid 4 by Motorola. Since I got it in September, my butter fingers have flung it across hard floors on several occasions, and a few times, it has taken a bounce off of concrete stairs. Twice, it has been knocked into the tub by the kittens. The crowning glory for the Droid 4 is this: Two days ago, I dropped it into a full bowl of tom yum soup, and it stayed submerged until I was able to ensure nobody in the restaurant saw me do it. It still works perfectly. No buckets of rice were needed; just a damp towel and a toothpick to get the pepper flakes out of the speakers.

I previously owned a Blackberry Storm, Droid 2, and iPhone 4.  For work I end up writing long emails with the phone, and that is one thing I didn't like about the iPhone.  While the iPhone has good text recognition and figures out what I'm trying to type most of the time, it still was far more cumbersome typing with the iPhone.  The Droid 2 keyboard didn't have a dedicated line for the numbers.  This has a larger keyboard and larger space above the keys which helps a lot.  I tried keyboard phones at Verizon and this was my favorite.  I think everyone should understand a keyboard phone is larger and heavier.  I think any new smartphone is large in your pocket, and that's just a fact of life.  I'm very happy with this phone.  It has 4G and all the bells and whistles of a new phone, with the keyboard.  I hope they keep making these.  I would say the battery is somewhat of an issue, but with my previous phones this has also been a concern.  Without trying to sound like an Apple hater, they did a good job on the iPhone 4 with battery life, but otherwise I like getting a phone that uses a universal platform, charger from my other phones and devices, and for an elevated user the Droids offer more models and customization, giving every customer their choice in a phone, rather than pushing one model every year or two for the whole population.

I was motivated and excited to drop my hard earned cash on this phone. It has wiz bang features and perks not available on my beloved droid one. Unfortunately it is going back to the store and I am switching back to my battered but more flexible droid one. Like a lot of companies in the world, Motorola wants to reduce the amount of flexibility in their products so the consumer will need to keep coming back to them for service and to buy their newest phone year after year. Case in point, who in the known universe would put a phone together with a battery not replicable by the end user, then for the kicks put a phone together where the battery lasts less than one day out of the box? The end result is that when the thin and flimsy micro usb connector wears out, which happened to me, you are stuck with an un-rechargeable brick or possibly a doorstop. With my Droid I, I can remove the battery and charge it in an external charger. With three batteries I never run out of power. In addition, once the micro connection wears out, I can pull the memory card and move data back and forth to my computer. This is not possible with the "new and improved" phone.When I asked about the change, the response of the sales rep was "All the companies are moving this way with batteries and memory cards" If we quit buying they will quit making things without considering their customer's point of view.I'm just saying.

Great phone.  Like many others I traded up from a Blackberry and do so much work emails I was concerned that without the physical keyboard it'd be too annoying.  Everyone has the Iphone but I tried being different and went Droid.  Well I'm two weeks into this experience and while it doesn't bother me enough to return it, I do regret getting this phone and my advice for you is just get the Maxx or Iphone.  The battery life on this thing is pathetic.  Yes, if you install eight million battery saving apps and such it's better but frankly I don't want a phone that I have to sweat the battery everywhere I go.  If the thing is 4G and can run emails and apps then it should have a good enough battery to make it from 7am to about 5pm on normal emails and light surfing usage without dying.I hate the fact that I now have to plug this thing in every time I am stationary.  In hindsight I would get over the loss of the physical keyboard and just gotten the Droid Maxx with the real battery, or just gone with the safer Iphone like the rest of the world.

I have had the droid 4 for two months now.  My first smartphone was a Blackberry Curve; the phone after that, my last phone was a first-generation Droid Incredible.  I have been around iPhones and other smartphones but the Blackberry and Incredible are really my only basis for comparison.Size- My first impression of the phone is that is was a brick.  It felt thick and heavy in my hand.  I am very comfortable with the size and weight now.Keyboard- my first impression was that it was too wide.  I felt like my fingers had to stretch to reach the center keys.  A week or two into using it I felt comfortable.  The individual keys have a really nice feel.  I don't know why but I get some weird pleasure out of typing on this thing and then slapping the keyboard shut like I used to get from closing my old flip-phone to hang up.  The only thing that you might find annoying ( I don't) is the noise from the keys clicking.  If you type long emails on your phone around people in a quiet place the keyboard would be obnoxious.Screen-  I saw that a couple of people mentioned "wash out" from looking at it in the sun, for me this phone's screen is an improvement in that aspect (over the Incredible). Maybe my old Incredible was really bad though.  The resolution is 20% better but the screen is 20% larger in dimension so it doesn't really look any sharper (I.e same "pixel density").  I recommend researching pixel density if you are looking for a phone that looks sharper than an iPhone.  There are very few phones with equal or greater pixel densities to that one.Battery life-  again I see a lot of complaints about this but I see an improvement.  This phone holds like 40% more charge (based on mAh) than my Incredible did and it seems to last almost twice as long with similar use.  It has a cool battery management program that you can use to "teach" the phone how to shut down functions you don't use under certain conditions (I.e. dim the screen and turn off wifi/gps when battery gets to >25%).  I pay for the ability to use the phone as a 4g wifi hotspot and this seems to kill 10-15% more battery per hour, just FYI.  Unless I turn on the 4g hotspot the phone has no problem being unplugged in the morning and re-charged at night (for me).Verizon 4g-  this is my first 4g phone and I am never going back.  The slowest download speed I have tested so far was 3.5Mbps in the middle of the Atlanta airport.  I have seen 27Mbps where I live.  I put my wifi-only iPad on the 4g hotspot and it works great.  FaceTime is flawless and seems to use about 6-7 megabytes of data per minute or 200Mb for a thirty minute video chat (again, just FYI so you can guess at your data plan needs).  I pay for 6Gb/ month and I am burning about 4 up.  I use the 4g hotspot in lieu of hotel Internet 3 nights a week (I travel a lot).  Oh, and I have been pretty impressed with the 4g coverage too.  I was getting 17Mbps down in Davenport, IL the other day.  Like an idiot I didn't look up 4g coverage maps before buying the phone.  I recommend doing that.  I have had a handful of times that I had to re-name the hotspot and turn it off/on for the iPad to detect it.Miscellaneous-  it has a multi-color LED above the screen.  I set different colors for different notifications and get a lot of use out of the function when it's on silent (red light for texts, green for emails, etc.)  The power button is a little annoying.  It seems almost recessed into the phone. I guess the designers wanted to prevent accidental bumping while using the keyboard.  I don't bump it much when I am typing but it has happened.Overall impression-  it's a 4g smartphone with a good slide-out keyboard.  The network and the keyboard are the only things that stand out for me.  I hated typing on a touch screen.  This phone is what I was looking for and I am happy with the purchase.

I recieved my phone four days ago. As of now I can say Wow Smart phones are Smart!! I am just learning  the basics. My kids are trying to get me up to speed, Lol. I am use to a  keyboard  so this was a smart move . The one down side to the smart phone thing is battery life. I read a number of reviews and I knew going in that it wouldn't be like my old phone. I however did not think I would need to charge it every day.  Or even during the trip home from work. Oh well , I would like to say yea I would do it again.  Hope this helps  Joe From ohio

I got my phone from Amazon Wireless six months ago. It has taken until now for me to really suspect that they sent me a defective unit.The first thing I noticed when I received the phone was that the keys on the keyboard were noticeably misprinted. That is, the letters on the keys don't line up at all, and it just looks cheap and like a knockoff. So I thought, whatever, I'll see how it performs before I raise Kane about getting a bad device.At first, it wasn't bad. Maybe not as responsive as I'd like, but hey, I do that with any electronic device. I hate to wait. I had a hard time believing that this brand new device with a dual core processor couldn't handle the very basic tasks I was throwing at it, but I let it go. Over time, however, the phone has started to be very slow and unresponsive when doing even the most basic of multitasking. I'm talking web browsing and texting and email, tops. I do very little media on my phone, and even then it's the occasional youtube video.Now, it can barely handle web browsing - with about five tabs open and no other apps actively running, it struggled until it finally crashed. Starting recently, even after a master factory reset, when opening the stock messaging app, it takes several moments for contact information to load.Here's what expels all doubt for me that I have bad hardware (aside from the very cheap appearance of the keyboard). Keep in mind I have checked my water damage indicator, and it is perfectly normal, so water damage has not occurred. Recently (around the time all these other abnormal problems started arising) my earpiece, during a phonecall, will cut out for a moment until I force my screen to come back in, at which point it will start to fade back in, but it is faint and fizzy.Something is clearly wrong with the phone I received. I don't know if it's a reject that was pawned off on me or a cheap knockoff or what, but be careful when ordering a phone from here or anywhere online. I am having to convince Verizon that my phone is defective, who is of course doing all they can to deter the issue. I may have to resort to talking to Amazon. At least their customer service has always been good.

There are so many things I hate about this phone including the onscreen camera button which is a downgrade from my Droid 2's physical button because it is very difficult to take a picture of yourself now :-(When I'm in text responding mode tapping the person's name no longer brings up their contact info ugh! Have to exit to the main screen and open the contacts. that sucks big time. Also pressing on the text screen no longer gives you a static review screen to easily reread long texts. This is my 2nd Droid 4 this year and the UI is different (not in any good ways from my earlier one). The background is black with white text and blue borders. It's ghastly and tough on the eyes. I could go on and on listing the dozen or so additional shortcomings on this phone. But suffice to say that this is the worst phone I've ever had, but I'm too busy to mess around and switch to another one right now. I will soon enough. I would not recommend that anyone purchase a Droid 4, hopefully the 5 will be a much better version.

I remember in my search for the next phone, a reviewer titled an article on the Droid 4 "How the might have fallen". They couldn't have been closer to the truth. As a long time fan of the Moto Droid series and user of Droid 1 and Droid 2, I can't begin express my frustration and disappointment with the 4th edition. Something was clearly missed in the development of this phone.I'll start with the one and only good feature of the phone- the keyboard. This has been the primary driver for me to stick with the Droid lineup. The other options for Verizon are limited and there are not too many compelling options from other carriers that warrant jumping ship. That said, they keyboard is fantastic. The extra row of numbers on top is a huge upgrade from the previous Droids and the keys feel light, springy and well spaced. In my opinion, having a physical keyboard is the best way to input text into a phone and the Droid 4 slideout keyboard is the best I have ever used.When you first open up the phone the keyboard marvels- then things rapidly start going downhill. Lets start with the screen. The resolution is bumped up, the screen size is larger but the quality is nothing short of atrocious. The pentile screen is one of the worst screens I've ever seen on any device, period. You can physically see the individual green pixels on the battery gauge from armslength away. This is a major distraction. Contrast is awful- pictures have no definition in shadows, and highlights are blown out of the water. It is actually depressing to look at pictures on this phone- the low quality screen will dismay you from showing off photos since they simply look terrible on the 4. Futhermore, the screen has a blue tint to it. This can be fixed with some apps at the expense of even worse contrast. Moto really dropped the ball on this one and this alone is worth avoiding this phone. My Droid 2 (which I switched back to after this broken experiment) has much better color production, screen quality and perceived resolution.Under the hood disappoints as well. Using the phone for three weeks I found myself constantly resetting, dealing with program crashes and laggy controls. Flipping the keyboard open has a noticeable delay before the screen switches over. The camera can barely compete with its older Droid 2 brother. Pictures came out dark and grainy. The lens is set to a higher then usual telephoto zoom. Thus you get very narrow view on pictures as oppose to many other phones set to wideangle. And good luck trying anything in low light.Design wise the phone is already outdated (yes I realize this was a feb release, but still). A thick bezel surrounds the phone making it feel much bigger then it is. It also feels like wasted space. The phone is slim for a slider but in generation 4, I expected a much sleeker phone compared to its predecessors. The 1700 mAh battery disappoints, especially for a phone of this size. Also as a side annoyance, the footprint of the device is much different then the Droid 1/2. While this is obviously due to the increased size, it is incompatible with any docks previous Droids have used.Amazonwireless was gracious enough to let me return this phone (and are a pleasure to deal with). Keep in mind Verizon only allows you to try out the phone for 14 days, NOT 30 as Amazon does. I went over this deadline by three days and it took 2 hours of phone calls for Verizon to allow me to return the phone.In conclusion, I would not recommend this phone. As someone who really appreciates a physical QWERTY keyboard, Droid 4 falls short in too many ways. Verizon and Motorola should be ashamed of this product. I'm back on the Droid 2 for now, which is a tough little phone but is showing its age. I'm considering running out my contract with Verizon and trying out a different carrier since the options for keyboard phones with Verizon is pretty much nothing right now. Buyer beware.

I've had this phone for almost two years now and have had to have it replaced three times this last time by Motorola withMotorola DROID RAZR M, White 8GB, No Contract (Verizon Wireless)rather than another refurbished phone through Verizon. Here's why:The first phone I had the battery overheated and it started randomly deleting contact information, shutting down, locking up, adjusting the sound on it's own, and the touchscreen would become unresponsive or would be extremely inaccurate. Verizon replaced this phone within 2 days.The second phone the power button broke, without dropping it or showing any signs of physical damage. The power button just stopped working. Though I did notice the button itself was very loose, I mentioned this to Verizon and it was replaced the next day.The third phone will no longer pick up a signal unless I am connected a wifi network. Which makes it absolutely useless for anything other than playing games downloaded to the phone. It also has a severe heat problem where I've burnt myself just holding the phone (Verizon tech reported the temperature at over 115 degrees via remote diagnostic after the phone had sat in front of a fan for a few minutes with the battery cover off). The other thing with this heat issue, because of the excessive heat it was causing the phone's touch screen to not work properly. I'm still in the process of replacing this phone.When the phone worked it was a wonderful phone, here's a breakdown of my personal experience with this phone:Though I had some issues with the stock android calendar but switching out to the Google calendar app solved that issue. ie, with the stock calendar you can't schedule reoccurring appointments for every other week and such. The stock browser isn't the best but it's on par with the browsers for other mobile phones, upgrading to Chrome is however an issue since Chrome itself is a resource hog and tends to slow the phone down or even at times lock it up.The phone does have some serious issues with larger apps that slow it down. How I fixed this issue was disabling all of the Verizon bloatware that I had no plans to use, NFL app, Tunes, Tones, Netflix, Slacker, Talk, etc... And here's the rub with that, I ended up disabling at least 15 apps that came pre-installed that I could not remove. I would have loved to have been able to free up that space on my phone just for the extra memory usage.Battery life for this phone is what it is, when it was new I never really had an issue. I even used to use this phone at my desk during the day to listen to music while I worked, though when I did I would leave it hooked to a charger. The phone at this time would get warm like any normal phone but would not severely overheat, I could still touch it and not have an issue.The touch screen on this phone is not the best, neither is the display. It can at times be a bit blurry and hard to see depending on where you are and the lighting. I ended up leaving the automatic backlight adjustment on to help solve this issue, but like with most phones no adjustment is going to really work outside in the sun. The touchscreen itself needs some rework on Motorola's part, it's not as responsive as it could be as seen with other phones, and not some of their best work.The sound on the phone is rather low for calls, I've had to turn the sound all the way up and still have issues being able to hear at times. The speaker phone is almost useless because of this. Even being alone in a quiet room I've had issues with the speaker phone. When using the Iheartradio app with this phone while getting ready for work and such, I would place the phone tilted up in the bottom of my bathroom sink to make the speakers sound better, it's a weird trick but it works.I can't attest to Bluetooth's usefulness since I've only used my Bluetooth device with it a couple of times. But when I did it worked alright.Push for email notifications is rather annoying though not the phone's fault. I recommend if you're going to set the phone up for push notifications that you be prepared to be notified when something twitches. I have a few things set to push and they work for me but not something I'd recommend for everyone. I use push for my home alarm and Gmail that it works. Push does not seem to work very well with Hotmail, Yahoo, and other mail servers.The camera on this phone is not all that great for taking pictures at say a concert, I know this because I tried. The zoom on the camera is not at all what it could be as it pixilates badly when zoomed in, however not using the zoom I've never had an issue with the quality of the picture. I have samples of many pictures taken with this phone as well as some video taken. Unless it's high activity the video works well enough, it just doesn't let you take long videos. I had this issue at my son's piano recital.All in all I really did like this phone a lot when I first got it but once it started going it started going in a big way. It seems these phones have a built in obsolescence of about one year.

This phone would get five stars in my book if it wasn't cheaply made; I'm about to replace this phone for the third time in about a year now.  The phone has a lot of features you won't find on many other qwerty phones.  The keyboard is nice.  The display is nice. It has a nice feel to it and it functions relatively well.I'm left to believe this phone was made with cheap parts though.  The first droid 4 I replaced was because of a faulty power/lock button that was getting stuck.  The second was a blown out speaker.  The third one now is because the USB-Charge port is almost busted and also the speaker on this is also going out too.  The battery life leave a lot to be desired.  It would of been nice to be able to swap the battery when needed because if you're constantly on it, it will be dead in 8 hours.  I can generally make it through the day with it.

Outstanding across the board.  Personally, I'm not a heavy user so the 4G maybe a little lost on me (3G plenty fast), but all of the other upgrades are so worth it.  If I had to pick a downside, I'd say that I'm not used to the larger size (a bit harder to "single handle" compared to the Droid 1) or the most "plastic" feel to it (vs. more metal Droid 1).  Otherwise, rockin' phone that's been a pleasure to own.

this phone is useful for people who enjoy spending hours playing and reprogramming their phone.Its a toy, not a tool.I hate the fact that  when I want to make a phone call I usually have to do 4 or 5  different tasks that the phone has automatically imposed before I can access a dialer. Its a ridiculous waste of time.The touch screen does not work in cold weather therefore You cannot access any features when the temps drop. Very aggravating to say the least.The phone constantly changes the different shortcuts on your homescreen on its own.Therefore when You want to make a call You have to scroll through 4 different screens because the shortcut has been replaced with some useless app that I never wanted on my homescreen in the first place. I truly regret purchasing this phone .

After having this phone for 4 days, I have to return it. I liked it a lot, but the battery life is pathetic and makes the phone useless for me. It was fully charged today at 9AM, and only 10% battery left by 3PM. The only activity I  did was to check my email perhaps 10 times, sent 3 SMS, and checked the weather 2x. I have set up so that the screen automatically shuts off after 1 min of non- usage. My husband's blackberry still had more than 90% battery with similar activity, plus he did surf the web and read newspaper online.

I wanted to upgrade to Droid 4G. Big mistake. Rubbery keyboard, cheap feel, bad sound. Feels like a plastic mess.

This was my first smart phone (and therefore my first droid) and overall I am very pleased with it. I chose this phone in particular due to its physical keyboard. I have never been very good at typing on a touch screen and didn't want to make the transition so I looked exclusively at phones with real keyboards. On that front this phone is excellent; I am very pleased with the size and layout of the keyboard, the back-light is also nice. I have no complaints about the call quality or dropped calls. The camera is good enough (if not better than needed) for my purposes. The 4G is very fast and Verizon's coverage is good and only getting better. I get service in most places except the countryside. The internet browser is fast and easy to use. The layout of the apps is fine but I find that I like apple's layout/organizational style to be slightly superior, but keep in mind this is a matter of taste. The build quality is excellent. I have dropped this thing many times on a variety of surfaces (before I had a case mind you) and only got a few small scratches. At this point I decided to invest in a case and now I would drop this thing off a building without fear. In terms of size this phone is a little bulky (especially with a case) but that is to be expected with a physical keyboard. The screen is large and crisp and not unpleasant for light reading and web browsing.My experience has been positive for the most part with a few exception, the biggest being battery life. As a moderate user I find myself needing to charge it at least once a day. Navigation/maps tends to destroy battery life so if you plan on using this as a GPS replacement I highly recommend a car charge. Even using a battery saving app I find the battery life to be seriously lacking. Towards the end of the day I have to limit the apps I use to prevent total battery death. This is annoying and defeats the purpose of having all those neat apps. I find the GPS to be pretty mediocre as well. It doesn't always know your accurate location and is not great in the city with lots of closely packed streets.All in all I would highly recommend this phone. I'll give a brief summary below.Pros:-physical keyboard has a good layout and is easy to use-lots of apps-very sturdy phone-large screen-4G is very fastCons:-poor battery life-GPS is mediocre-bulky (but not annoyingly so)

I got my Droid 4 after my son dropped my Droid 3 in a sink full of water and I didn't find it for well over an hour.  Lesson learned.  Needless to say, when I opened the box, I was excited because this is a sleeker Droid and I LOVED the keyboard.  For the first month, I was pleased with this phone.HOWEVER, and it's a big however, the battery life is the worst of any phone I've ever had.  Disabling Wifi, GPS, decreasing screen brightness helps - but I have to recharge it fully every single night.I don't know where the problem lies, but it will restart itself at least once every week.  Randomly.It freezes often.  And because the battery cannot be removed, at times I have no option other than to hold the power button down until it finally dies.  As recommended by the manufacturer, I allow the battery to drain entirely and recharge from that point.My phone also randomly dials contacts and texts people unexpectedly.  Yes, there is probably a setting or something I need to change, but I have NO. IDEA. how to fix it.  Or stop it.  And this is the only phone I've had this problem with.When it works well, it's a good phone.  I've gotten into a habit of plugging it in at bedtime and charging it overnight.  However, I have had too many problems with it and I cannot wait to replace it when my new-in-two comes around again...

This will be a short review and just long enough to say I love this phone. I previously had a BlackBerry and wanted a keyboard. However for short texts I find I use the touch screen but the keyboard is there if I need it. What I love is that I use the Bluetooth to stream my music to my Bluetooth radio in my car. I no longer need my tablet to do so. The only negative is the battery life, however it charges fairly quickly; I have a charger in my car, office and at home. I got a case for it when I purchased the phone but the case made it feel too bulky so I took it off. I like it even better without it. Don't hesitate to buy this phone!

I bought two of these phones at the same time.  Each had a hardware failure within a few months of each other, past the factory warranty.  The phones are now paper weights.  The keyboard isn't worth the headache of buying another phone shortly after this.

I had the original Droid for a years, when it was new. I started having to many issues with it recently. Wouldn't hold a charge even with a new battery.Verizon sent me a new refurbished phone, that was a joke it was worse then my old one. So after looking and researching I finally settled on this one.I couldn't be happier. I have the gel snap case on it. I had to buy a new navigation dock for it. I don't have to remove the case to set on the dock. Thats a Plus. Im not big with games on mine I do look things up and read books with mine. I have only one negative comment. When using GPS . If you remove phone from dock to place new address phone wants starting location.  If you leave in dock it doesn't ask for starting point.

Coming from an ancient LG ENV Touch, this was a huge upgrade. It was well worth it. The keyboard was an absolute must-have for me, and I am very pleased with its well lit and natural feeling keyboard. Battery lasts all day at work for 10 hours, with about 20% remaining, so it is good to say the least. The touch screen is pinpoint accurate and the display is stunning. Great buy!

The Droid 4 is almost perfect.Its incredibly fast, very easy to use, has decent battery life for a smart phone, and the layout of the keyboard is awesome.It even lets you make a phone call!But i say "almost" because there is a huge design flaw with this phone.The back light illumination for the keyboard has all kinds of issues.The lighting will randomly shut off in the dark after a couple seconds and wont turn back on unless you slide the phone closed.Even in the middle of a typing it will just go off for no reason, with no change in light level.Sometimes it does not even turn on at all, even in complete darkness. It basically makes the slide out keyboard completely useless in low light situations.And the slide out keyboard was the reason I decided to buy this phone rather and than an iPhone 4s in the first place, and it is the #1 attraction/deciding factor for most owners of the Droid 4.The sensor is located between the front speaker and the front camera, embedded underneath the glass in the black border. Its hard to see, but if you look closely under bright light its there. Cover it up with a sticker, and (after a lag of several seconds), the keyboard will illuminate. Uncover the sensor, and the back light goes off. There is something wrong with either the sensor itself, or the software that controls it. Either way, it is a deal breaker.The worst part is that there is no way for the user to set the back-lighting to "always on" or "stay on when keyboard open". There is just not any user control over the illumination at all.This is a known problem. Verizon knows about it. Motorola knows about it. And they refuse to acknowledge the problem.Ive discussed it with customer service and their "fix" is to offer an exchange for the same phone, even though all Droid 4's have the problem.There is a discussion detailing the problem here on an Android forum:[...]If Motorola ever issues a fix for this I would give it 5 stars. Unfortunately they don't seem interested in doing anything, so I cannot recommend the phone to anyone.

This is the worst phone ever. Slowest processing and phone crashes if you try to access the internet. Do yourself a favor and don't get it

I bought this phone for its (a) real kbd, (b) wide screen, (c) 4G dual core speed. But this phone sucks the life out of its (non-removable) battery very quickly. If you use anything other than phone or text, the battery will run out by mid-afternoon. There is no replaceable battery. The camera takes very grainy pictures (yes I have used all the adjustments).

My title says it all. If a replaceable battery, the best screen, the smallest size, or even the fastest processor is more important than a keyboard, this isn't the phone for you. By the way, they make mobile power packs you can use to charge your battery anywhere so replaceable battery is not the most important thing to me but it would be better if it had it.The other cons is it doesn't run Android 4, or ICS (ice cream sandwich) but Motorola said it will be updated in the next 6 months. And in my perfect world it would work on Windows Phone instead of the fragmented Android.

I owned the original Droid from Feb 2010 to last summer and it was a revelation. Great screen, great capabilities, impressive spec, metal body and sleek.  By the end of its life, I rooted it six ways from Sunday and made easily over 20K minutes worth of calls.Since then, I've hopped around from a Photon to a Sensation (quickly returned) to a ZTE Warp (couldn't go prepaid after all) and then landed on a MyTouch Slide 4g.  That phone obviously spoiled me with its peerless camera, dual core spec, better-than-average keyboard.  This phone, the Droid 4, the alleged flagship of the once proud Droid line, is 10-fold worse than the HTC MyTouch Slide 4g.1) The screen is abysmal.  Whites look pale gray and scrolling text is unreadable. Colors are over-saturated in a bad way. The auto-brightness setting is way too dark for my 39 YO eyes. Motorola sticking with pentile array and it's bad.2) The camera, while better than the original Droid's, isn't better by a whole lot - and is absolutely shamed by the latest shooters in the Samsung and HTC lines. Moto has yet to make a camera phone worth a damn and this is no exception.  It does OK in full light, forget about subjects with backlighting, and it's use-less in low-light.  Slow to focus to boot. In today's day and age - this camera gets a D.3) Call quality is good to great. Nice feedback in your ear, loud speaker phone.4) Keyboard is spectacular, but Moto has really improved their touchscreen version and a 4" screen makes touch-screen typing much faster these days.5) VZW LTE coverage in Atlanta is excellent thus far. This phone screams when connected to LTE.It should be avoided, unless you absolutely must have a keyboard.  This phone doesn't excel anywhere else.

Everything about it is horrible except the keyboard!I am angry! I loved my droid, Droid 2 and 3!!!!This phone is total crap!Major connectivity issues!

This phone on paper is a tower of achievement.Let's go through what bothers me so much.  (Not in order of importance):1. Lack-luster battery.  And you can't swap it out yourself----it's actually a requirement that Verizon do it for you.  That's unforgivable all by itself.2. Beautiful 8 million pixel camera (on paper) that produces 8 MILLION FUZZY PIXELS.  Seriously, in order to get a sharp picture out of this phone you have to have amazingly bright sunlight behind you.  And don't even try to tell me this is normal for today's sensors.  It just is not.  So many times I wished I had a camera, reached for my phone, and then sadly put it right back into my pocket without trying rather than face the aggravation.3. You can FORGET about it finding any GPS satelites.  Bright cloudless day, middle of my yard laying flat and held up high, and it will *not* find one.4. Screen does not have adequate subpixel response time.  You'll get ghosting galore even on simple scrolling.5. First one had a broken headphone slot.  Would not take the plug no matter what.  Replaced the phone because of that.6. You cannot use the car charger on this thing without a whine being produced into the sound.  So if you're using this as your music source (or whatever) in your car, be warned you need to try a few different charging techniques to find one without the high pitch sound added in.7. Charging heats the phone up incredibly.8. Playing a graphics heavy app (like any of the Angry Birds variants) heats the phone up to the point of me worrying about it and cooling it down with the keyboard extended just in case.  I mean, /really/ hot.I'm going to try Samsung next because I hear that they've got a much smoother implementation all around than the motos.If you do buy the Droid 4, good luck.  You've been warned.And I soooooo wanted to like this thing.The good:  The keyboard.  HOWEVER there is a low-level bug regarding the keyboard driver & Verizon SMS app that appears from time to time where hitting the letter "a" makes an apparent "ctrl-a" (somehow) and selects everything, and anything you type from there on of course replaces the selection.  The only way in and out of that debacle is to hop out of SMS entirely and hope it goes away.

It is a great phone...when it works. I have had 5 of them go wrong in 18 months. various issues including screen failure and battery temperature exceeding 125F. Verizon is no help.

I live in the Seattle area and have had significant problems with this phone switching back and forth from 4g to 3g.  They say its a software issue.  Such a bummer to have paid for a phone like this and not be able to rely on 4G in Seattle.  I had to finally change it to 3g.  Think twice..

It has a lot going for it but nothing you can't find elsewhere and a lot of minuses.  Dual core, Moto actions, etc are great but they don't make up for these problems:1.  Battery life.  Awful, just awful.  My wife uses this to tool around on Facebook on her breaks, get email, text, play WordTwist and for GPS navigation.  She doesn't even get 10 hours of life out of it.2.  Screen.  Worse than the battery life.  The screen is quite possibly the worst screen I've seen in a few years.  Definitely the worst Android screen I've ever experienced.  Moto really needs to get rid of the PenTile matrix technology.  With a resolution this high you'd expect some crispness to the images but all I see are jagged lines.  It really reminds me of the cheapo digital camera screens from around 2004.  Movement is sluggish and leaves very visible shadows.  It's marginally faster than an e-reader, really.  The 4's screen can't get bright enough for sunny day use.  I've read that a lot of people have considered the Droid 4 an improvement which makes me wonder how dismal previous versions of the Droid could have been.  Maybe I'm spoiled by my old Epic 4G?  Perhaps she just has a defective unit.This phone is getting returned today.

I've had this phone for a year--got it new from VZW.  I've been having problems for a few months with web browsing, black screen and the touch screen.  I did everything VZW told me to do and I told them I was done, send me a new phone.  BUT they aren't sending me another Droid 4.  They are sending me a Motorola Ultra, which is strange because they're still selling Droid 4's on their website.  This Droid 4 has been such a frustrating phone to own that I'll be happy to get something else, even if it doesn't have a physical keyboard!

I've had the phone for 4 months so far. It's fallen over(sitting upright leaning against a book or glass) maybe 2 times. Now Motorola is telling me it'll be 160$ to fix their poorly designed phone. My old phone the original droid has fallen countless times and still works better this this phone.

Phone has had one problem after another!  It worked great for 6 months and that was it!  It won't charge at all!  Prior to not charging- it constantly cuts off!
