
Just to let everyone know, this phone is only about $190 dollars at Walmart or from the straight talk website. This is a rip off, but the phone and service are wonderful. Just don't purchase it here.

I purchased this phone after contemplating the Precedent. I have had no major issues other than the original phone i bought had a defect in the metal piece inside charging port. And when i had to get replaced there was issues getting the new one activated. But i am 100% glad that i have this phone. Ive had this one for about a year and its great. I love the apps, the games, and the music, it has almost anything you can possibly want for entertainment and communication. I gave it 4 out of 5 stars only because there are few times where it will just shutdown and restart on its own for no reason, but i work with cell phones daily and have had alot of people say their phones from different carriers do the same...nothing can be perfect i guess.

I bought this phone as my first smartphone about a year ago. The phone worked great for the most part, besides slower internet connection and very limited space for apps. I installed Facebook, which can't be moved to SD card, and it gave me an alert on limited space. I only have 6 personal apps installed on this phone, the rest are uninstallable like Google Maps, etc.Lately my phone has been acting up. It freezes to the point where I have to remove the battery and restart it. It has been telling me my SD card is not mounted and I cannot use the apps stored on there, even though I go into the phone information and it says the SD card is mounted. And it has even had issues with rerouting my apps. I selected Messaging from the main screen and it opened a completely different app.

Yes, go to Walmart.com or StraightTalk.com. There, it currently retails between $168-$178, NOT $330 like it is here. Always shop around first at other places, because some Amazon.com shops price gouge.

I bought this phone at fred meyer for $129. it's a great phone and I love the qwerty keyboard, but the battery has a very short span. the only other issue is it does not support .wma files which most audio library books are in .wma files, it does support mp3. I love the phone, but will update if they come out with one that supports .wma and has a longer battery life. the battery is really an issue, it needs charging at least once a day and if I use the phone very much for reading/audio/internet, it needs charging more than once a day. Mine is a net10 phone and it's $50 a month unlimited everything.

What an incredible deal. You cannot beat $45 per month flat with unlimited everything and NO contract. I got the Jeannie app from the market download and now I have 100%voice and fun commands for everything. Shock of my life was also when I took a pic of my son playing the piano and the next day it was in my google+ without me uploading! It is truly a surprise a day!Anyone who uses any other phone service has to uninformed. $180 at Walmart. The plan does not have family plans but who cares. Cut my bill from over $140 per month to $45 flat, what a deal!

i had it about a week and the screen quit working, the touch screen fails to respond to touch and it kept freezing

Got the LG Optimus Q phone by Straight Talk for my wife as she was needing a Smartphone for her work in outside sales for faster web access, etc.  Overall the phone is pretty good and seems to function well.  The main issue is that the Straight Talk Android Optimus Q Smartphones are ported to work on the Sprint Network (I'm told) which doesn't offer near the same coverage as Straight Talk's non-smartphones which use the Verizon network coverage. I checked Sprint Coverage map & it seems as long as she's driving on a major Interstate corridor or in a larger metro area,  coverage is good.  It's when she drives to smaller communities off interstate that things get spotty,  especially in NW Louisiana or East Texas.  And what is surprising is her company is based in Dallas, TX at the Dallas Market Center which is a huge bldg off I-35/Stemmons.  4 to 6 times a year she attends the seasonal retail markets as a rep and works the showrooms where all reps get text msgs on their cells from clients coming in for sales appts.  Well any rep with Sprint Network don't get calls or texts unless they walk out in the hall and stand near one of just a few windows to get reception.  Sales reps with AT&T; or Verizon don't have this issue. The Sprint coverage map indicates that coverage at this bldg location is Excellent but inside the bldg...there is no reception unless you stand by the larger windows near the escalators.  It's really become a nuisance for sales calls.  I think we're going to look at a different service as this Sprint Network is just inadequate.P.S.  Adding this a few weeks later as I discovered that Straight Talk has added some newer Android Smartphones to its line up that work either on AT&T; or Verizon networks.  If you're considering the ST Androids....be sure to ask about which network they are ported to work on .P.P.S. -- Adding this later, I learned that you can determine which network a phone will use... there are two types: GSM & CDMA,  on this phone the CDMA-S means it is ported for Sprint network towers,  phones with CDMA-V are ported to work with Verizon network towers.  The info should be in the phone specifications and/or written on the original box labeling.  Good luck!

I have had this phone for about a week now and let me say that I love it. Also, this price is insane. I got mine for $179 at Wal-Mart so this price is stupid for this phone when you can get it cheaper. But I love this phone. The slide out keyboard is awesome, I don't use the touch screen keyboard to often, but when I've used it, it's been really awesome. No real big complaints about this phone. The only one I can think of is they don't make an Otterbox for it. However, they make a protective case for it that is alright, but it's no Otterbox. But a great phone. Seriously worth the buy.

You can only use a few apps...no room!  The phone is a good PHONE as in making calls and stuff but if you want to add apps or do ANYTHING else it is lacking.  The battery runs down quickly, too.  I wouldn't buy it again or recommend it.

I had an HTC Evo on the Virgin Mobile network. Nice phone, but in order to keep expenses down, had to go with the &#34;unlimited data&#34; but only 300 minutes for around $50/mo. Unlimited data was a compete joke. Doesn't take long to go over the limit before they start throttling you so you can't even open a webpage. I even paid the extra $15 for the increased data and I STILL wound up getting throttled. What a waste of money. It is criminal for these providers to say they are offering unlimited when, in fact, they are not. The touchscreen was very sensitive, despite trying to set it. This drove me nuts - so I wanted my old QWERTY slider keyboard back. I relocated so wanted a local number - it was time for a new phone! I paid a small fortune for the HTC - $300 is a lot for me to pay for a phone.Looked into the Straight Talk service and found a great deal on the LG Optimus Q  - only about $45 off the Smart Talk site. Had it for 3 months now and like it a lot. Gets good reception in the Austin, TX area - even inside office buildings. However, it has been a bit lacking in terms of apps and storage, etc. An SD card could possibly correct this. Here is the good, bad and ugly:GOOD:Straight Talk phone service has been reliable - I think it is off the Sprint network. Data is fine.The phone is sturdy.Speed is okay but will never compare to the &#34;real&#34; smartphones.Easy set up for phone service.Navigation extremely logical.Slide-out QWERTY keyboard is great, however, touchscreen is easier to use and less finicky than the HTC Evo for me.Battery life is much better than HTC Evo - which only got a few hours, even with minimal use.Camera is decent. A few people have said theirs is bad, but I have not found this to be the case. Night pictures, however, are not that great.Google search features work well.BAD:Only has 215 MB of usable memory. This means VERY limited app use. This does not bother me because all I really want is Google navigation and my free Kindle reader to read books in the cloud. I don't download books - takes up too much room.4GB mini SD card does not store all apps.Frequent freezes when memory is overloaded means taking the back off the phone or taking out the battery.Wireless was wanky at first, but as soon as I disconnected it from the network and then re-connected it was find.UGLY:Can hardly have even text messages stored. Must delete them regularly or the phone will completely lock up. Then you practically have to do a reset to get out of the situation because all you get are error messages. You can't delete the extra messages because the phone program will not even open up!YouTube videos play well - but anything sent in a text message is iffy and tends to lock up the phone.VERDICT:My type of usage does not require a lot of apps or bells and whistles. The plan price is unbeatable; to get unlimited everything for under $50 a month is great. No complaints. For the small amount I paid (and the Straight Talk plan), this phone is great and quite cost effective. Anyone who wants a very basic smartphone and plan should do well with this one.

Love the slide out keyboard. Easy to type and text on it, especially with my big fat fingers. Great sound too!

I've had 3 phones before this one: a white Virgin Oystr, a blue LG Rumor and a berry Samsung Exclaim. Now this. Each phone was an improvement over the other for the most part with the Rumor and Exclaim being close. However, this Android while not perfect is my best phone yet! I love texting on it and the little android smileys. Sometimes there are problems sending them though and you have to click re-send message. You also won't be able to send a message while someone is sending you one (but I think most/all cell phones are like this). Internet is fine but that's mainly when Wi-Fi is on. Otherwise things load slower or not at all. Some videos on the internet still won't be able to play on this phone which is disappointing. I played a couple of adult videos fine but some music videos embedded on a page wouldn't load which was a bummer. I don't really plan on playing games on this phone much because I've never been about that so I can't comment on how fast they load and how well they play. I was used to 2.0 megapixel cameras on my last 2 phones. This 3.2 camera is a pretty good improvement. I'd still prefer it if it were 5.0 but the pictures are overall clear and less grainy than on my older phones. Sadly, flash is absent with this phone though. :/One of my favorite features on this phone is actually the music player. While paired up with an app called Simple Last.fm Scrobbler I can register my music plays on Last.fm's website for my enjoyment and for all my friends to see. The only thing I don't like about the app is that you can't register plays of a song that is on repeat 1 which sucks. Video recording is alright. The picture is generally clear but when I recorded 2 short videos of a band performing on stage the sound was kinda muffled a bit. It may seem like I have a lot of complaints but some of them are small. You can get a s***load of apps on the Google Play store and many of them are free! Lastly, I would recommend you get this phone at Straight Talk's website cause you can get it for $130USD brand new. Some time after I bought it they were even offering a $20 dollar gift card which is a steal. I was a little ticked about that!Good phone. It has its shortcomings but I'm proud to say that I own this because it was my first cell phone I bought on my own and some of the features are just great. If you are looking for a really great experience though maybe you should spend a little more money and get one of the other Androids that are faster, have more features and have a better camera, bigger screens, etc. But for something that's overall affordable you can't go wrong with an LG Optimus Q.4.3 stars.

This phone drains the battery even if the GPS, WiFi and  Bluetooth is disabled and the screen brightness is set for minimal settings. Even if you don't make phone calls, the battery still won't last 12 hours if the device regularly syncs email every five minutes (GMail syncs instantly on Androids).An Android based smart phone is useless without its basic connectivity, and there have been tons of moronic trolls complaining about anecdotal battery reviews while describing "stand by time" and other irrelevant factors as if this was a 1998 Motorola StarTac.Plan on carrying a charger cable in your pocket / purse if you plan to use this phone for any amount of reasonable communication.

I bought this phone mostly for the slideout key bored. At first the phone was working great. Then i got to my house a little out of the city. Then I saw that i was not getting good service. But for the price i kept using it. The service didnt get any better. Then i found out this phone went off of sprint towers. The memory was not good on this phone either i was always deleting messages just to make room for new messages to come in. The web took a long time to load and it wouldnt load all the way. If you buy this phone make sure it will work in yir area.

I just recently bought this phone from Walmart. I've had the Straight Talk service for awhile now ( best prepaid service out there) and I always buy the unlimited plan because the $30 isn't enough text/talk for me, but the web was wasted due to my phone. Well I'm just in love with this one! It's fast, the battery life is great, it's easy to text, and it have great coverage in my area. i would 100% recommend this phone.The one downside is that the manual provided is not very detailed, so I find myself having questions and nothing to reference. For example, when typing with the physical keyboard, the apparent fn key, which allows one to type the numbers, is only good for one type, and then it goes back to letters until you punch it again. This seems extremely silly, but i can't seem to find the way to keep it in number/symbol mode until i wish to go back.Anyway, for sure a good buy if you either already are on Straight Talk, or are thinking of switching. If you're going to get the unlimited plan anyway for the texting/calling, you might as well get a phone that is web-enabled, so you're not wasting the money.

you could buy this phone brand new from Walmart for nearly $100.00 less, and even way less if refurbished. whats up with the price?  i have no complaints about the phone.It is a very decent phone, and you cant beat straight talks unlimited monthly price. But a person is better off buying it for less from Walmart plus you will have assured warranty and phone protection option that way.

The list price for this phone is only 180, don't buy it for the price listed on here.Buy it at walmart or online straight talk instead.

I really like this phone. This is my first touchsceen phone, I got it as a gift. I like the slide out keyboard. It is really touchy but I have gotten use to it now. I have had it for about 4 weeks and I have not had any problems with it yet.

Bought this phone for my wife.  She loves it.  Phone has great features and works well.  The plan from Straight Talk is one of the best values that I have seen for phone service.  You can't go wrong buying this phone, but be sure to shop around for the best pricing.  The price at the time of this review is substantially higher than what I paid.

After barely 6 months, the phone started to randomly turn off, sometimes while I'm in the middle of a call, other times I'll hear it reboot when I'm not using it. Also, even though i have a 32g card in it, the phone itself always runs out of room and I have to manually delete text messages (yes, I have it set up to do that automatically, but for some reason it doesn't delete enough of them to make room.)  I have very few apps that didn't come installed on it and it's been very gently used- never dropped or anything like that. Shortest lived phone I've ever had.

Buy this phone if you take a 30 second break between every function in using your phone.  I bought this phone 3 months ago as my first "smartphone" and an upgrade from my previous flip phone.  Now that I can use it quicker than when I bought it I usually have to wait for it to finish loading and often receive messages apologizing and asking if I want to force the close or wait.  I don't want you to apologize, I want you to function correctly.  That is why I paid $200.  Yes, it makes calls.  Yes, it will send a text (eventually).  Yes, it has a camera (don't expect a good picture unless it is perfect weather outside).  But if you bought a morse code machine and an ancient polaroid camera they would be faster and more worthy investments.

I got this phone from Straight Talk. I bought a refurbished one back when the "new" one costed an arm and a leg.The phone overheated a lot. It'd randomly turn itself off in the middle of phone calls. It turned itself off in the middle of opening apps.I contacted them, had to send it back, and they sent me a replacement.Then the replacement came. The replacement's touch screen was broken. Any time the phone would get warm, it'd act as if someone was touching the touch screen. The touch screen would go CRAZY. Opening apps, calling people, etc. I had to put the phone in the refrigerator about 35 times/day when it did that to make it stop. I contacted Straight Talk, had to send it bac, and they sent me a replacement.Then the replacement came. It had issues. Got a new one. It had issues. Got a new one. Long story short: I've had this phone about 10 times and not a single one of them has worked properly.A lot of the apps are incompatible. Meaning some of your favorite apps, such as Candy Crush and Temple Run, you can't download.The memory on this phone sucks. I have 8 apps on it and that's all I can download, even to the SD card, which has tons of space still.LG doesn't sell it (or guarantee it) and the LG program you download to your computer doesn't work on it, so you have to download an app to back up your stuff.I've used the slide-out keyboard a whopping TWO TIMES! since I got the phone. It's difficult, the letters aren't easy to reach, making things capital or doing punctuation is a pain, it just makes typing a text message take like 5 minutes instead of 2 on the touch screen.I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone. It's cheaper now than it was when I got it (even cheaper than the refurbished one I bought) and that's because it's a piece of crap. lol. Save your money up and buy a quality phone...EDIT: I would also like to add the fact that you CAN NOT take screenshots on this phone. I had to download Handcent SMS just so I could take screenshots of my texts and I had to download the Dolphin Browser and an extension for it so I could take screenshots of web pages. I can't take screenshots of my home screen, Instagram, Facebook, Tumblr, fitness apps, any of my games, etc. unless I download MobileGo to both my phone AND my computer, plug my phone in via USB, and take the screenshot on my computer. Which is a real pain.If I had known any of these things (even just one), I wouldn't have bought this phone at all.

My husband and I were with T-mobile for four years, and he always got the phones that came free with a renewal a.k.a. crappy plastic crap. Well, we decided to try straight talk, since we kept losing signal everywhere we went. I told him if we go to straight talk, we're getting the phones closest to what we want. So, we chose this phone. It's definitely an upgrade from a non-smart phone. I had a samsung behold 2 before my lg optimus q, and they're are obvious improvements. That doesn't mean this phone is flawless, but it's definitely worth the money you put into it. When looking into this phone, i noticed everyone kept griping and complaining about the camera. No, it's not the best, in fact not as good as my samsung was, but it's not even close to what i would consider bad. I've had many crappy phones when i was stupid and in college, and the cameras on those phones don't even hold a camera to this phone. Now, granted I didn't dish out almost $200 on those phones, but if you want a really good camera, then buy a really good camera, not a phone. The touch screen is very responsive, but it does tend to freeze sometimes, and the best thing to do when this happens is to just let it alone. Playing with it more will only freeze it up more. I've found it really only freezes on you when you're impatient with it, which i admit i'm impatient. For, example if you click on an app, and it doesn't respond right away, don't click on it again immediately after, it will freeze. There are plenty of apps in appstore to choose from. And a lot of them are free, which definitely sets androids apart from iphones.I highly recommend the i heart radio app. You can customize your own radio stations. Slacker radio app also does this, if you're a guy who does what a big heart icon on their screen. The papi games are a lot of fun. Netflix is okay, it runs a little slow, but i wasn't expecting this phone to be incredible at streaming movies.Overall, it's a really good phone. Just don't buy it and think it'll be an iphone.

I love the features of this phone! I especially like the slide-out keyboard and touchscreen as well. The battery life is very lacking though, needs charging about midday.

When I first got this phone 8 months ago for Christmas I was so excited because it was the first touch screen phone that I had. One time I got stuck in a snow storm and because everyone of course in the area was on their phones, my phone started to turn on and off constantly. This month this is what it has been doing: the screen moves around and touches things that I don't even touch(aka becomes possessed), the touch screen doesn't even want to work it constantly just not works and even when I restart the phone 5 times it still doesn't work so I can't go on websites or even my facebook application, and I will be sitting in my house then randomly I lose signal even when I don't move from one spot.

This phone was not even what I expected! I'm always getting told there are errors. I'm so unhappy with it

This is a crazy price to pay I bought mine for about $225 with the $45 money plan included in this price, and it was from Straight Talk themselves and that was with no special sell of any sort.

Shop around folks.  I'm shocked at how much more companies on Amazon are charging for prepaid phones.  Really - on average, about $100 more than at Walmart.

The one i got didnt even work...

I basically just wanted a phone that I can have several games for the kids on, make phone calls and text, good calendar and be able to check facebook and email.  Well this phones memory is so small that after only a couple apps I was forced to delete things to free up space because it wouldn't even let me send a text.  I have a 16g sd card in it too.  The problem is that the basic functions of the phone work off of the phones memory capacities and do not use the sd card.  There are many apps that require them to be directly on the phone too and not on the sd card.  Another problem I have is that my text DO NOT ring in.  I have gone in and changed the settings multiple times thinking it may just need a different command.. nope that's not it.  I think this phone would work great for someone who only wants to check the weather on occasion and have maybe one other limited app.  The battery dies at least once a day, sometimes twice.  I'm still within my 30 days money back period and I am seriously considering sending it back.  I only paid $50 for it so I guess I got what I paid for.

I have had the phone about two and a half weeks now.  After I bought the first one at Walmart for $179, I was pretty satisfied with the phone.  Then it would crash every single time I was on the phone for longer than five or ten minutes.  I'd be in the middle of a sentence and hear the start-up of my service provider. I returned the phone, figuring it may have just been defective, only to find that this phone does the exact same thing.  Also, I downloaded an app to check out battery life and found the phone when I was on it for more than five minutes, would reach temperatures of 50 degrees Celsius (roughly 122 degrees Fahrenheit).Also, the internal memory is rather small.  If the apps aren't able to be installed to the SD card, at one point- you're just beat.  The fact is that I think you could find better for this price.  With the ability to get unlocked GSM phones, it's worth it to just get a different phone.  It's no great deal at the money that they are charging for it.

I just ordered the LG optimus Q. to me 80 bucks is still a lot for a phone but for a droid, its not bad. I hope it works good!

Only those who don`t bother to look around would pay such a ridiculous price. Even Virgin Mobile is selling it for $159 - half the price of these guys!

I bought this phone from straight talk. The camera is the worst I have ever owned, a disposable box camera takes a better picture.  It comes packed with apps that you will not use, do not need, and cannot remove from the phone. It comes with a 4 GB SD card that has already had to be reformatted, so I lost all my pictures. I have not even had this phone 3 months when that crash happened. I bought it because it had the querty keyboard. I will do whatever I can to get back to a contract and a decent phone.

I got this phone because i wanted to save on my bill and i am some but it dont ahve a flash for the camera and my pics are dark hate that and also hate that i have to use the font all the time each letter or number i have to use its stupid

This is an excellent phone. Got it for my boyfriend and he loves that he can stream Pandora and Netflix.However, this phone is over $100 cheaper at walmart.com. In fact, WalMart, who sells Straight Talk, usually sells the phone for $199. Get it there.

I thought I was going to have to get a different phone... but thanks to Amazon I found my exact phone and could not be more please. Not having any problems... at half the cost of my older phone.

It did not work...it would not charge right and the battery was messed up...it kept shutting off at random times

Buy this phone but NOT from here, it's double priced. You can get if for $180.00 and walmart and on the straighttalk website and if you have virgin mobile you can get this phone for like only 95 bucks. its a good phone and i recommend it to anyone but definitively DON'T buy it here!

I first had the Samsung 528...AKA crap. I would recomend this phone to anyone, especially because it's on Straight Talk. This thing has actually changed my life, with the King James Bible app, I can finally keep up in church!

This is a great phone! Texts might be a little slow when sending and sometimes you may need to send it again, but that is about the only thing wrong with it. Good internet, free apps (play angry bird for free!), you can get on facebook, twitter, and google maps. I've had mine for about 6 months and use is constantly, and it has held up great even when I've accidently dropped it a few times without a case. No a single scratch! :D

LOVE LOVE LOVE this phone. LOVE the texting, LOVE the browsing, LOVE the apps, LOVE the slider keyboard, LOVE the versatility. Totally user friendly.  Battery life is fine.  Never a dropped call.  Never a need for another phone!  Had it over a month now and am still thanking my boyfriend for it.

Came in great time.  Looks brand new.  My daughter totally loves it. and it was just the kind she was looking for.

Life is good...I find this phone meets my communic ation needs quick access,compact size.works just fine and it has all the modern gadgets.

product came exactly as stated, actually arrived two days eariler than estimated delivery time. The phone worked great for 24hrs... and after three days of customer service calls to straight talk they are having to send me a new phone. So im very thankful it came with a year warranty from them other wise the whole expierence would have been negative. I am pleased to give a good review because its not like its your fault it stopped working, just gald im not stuck with it in this shape. thanks for the speedy delivery!

This is my second smart phone, and my first android. This phone is all you ever wanted, it does everything, and does it well. I am 65 and well versed with a computer, this phone was daunting at first. That soon passed. I find the voice command exceptional. You can call someone, write a text message and find directions easily. I highly recommend this phone to everyone, I used to think Blackberry was the the thing to have, I was wrong..

I have had many straight talk phones an by far this is the best one yet!!! Does everything that i want it to do!!! Takes good pictures downloads fast an battery life is excellent!!!  Would recommend this phone to anyone!!!

Although my phone has been ok, lackluster, but ok, my daughter has been through a nightmare over hers. Her phone is activated, but when she tries to make calls, it claims it is not. Same for text. Online her account looks fine. Phone says activated. But it isn't. Hours on the phone to tech  support. Call back promises. ha. Have it working in 24 hours. Nope. They've screwed up her phone number, and now the phone won't work at all. Already sent one phone back.....Nobody can seem to figure out anything. Did I mention the hours we've spent on the phone? Or transfers and being on hold? You may be lucky and not have any problems. God help you if you do have problems.

I went through 3 of the lg optimistic q slider and they lasted just over a year at the most. They are obsolete.

I have had this new phone for 4 days now. I dont quite like it. The covers cover the MicroSD card. Even the case covers it. Customer service said all i had to do was wait for my old phone to stop working and just make or recieve a call from my new one. BUT she didnt tell me i had to set up a google account to just get into the phone and get it all started. Both people i talked to kept telling me to turn it off and hit 3 buttons to turn it on when all you have to do is just turn it on with ONE button.The other thing i dont like about the keyboard is that you have to hit a button just to get to the numbers. It doesnt have dedicated numbers. And the top of the keyboard is right on the edge of the slider. My other phone wasnt like that. Im still learning how to use a smartphone. But now that i have this one i would have chosen a different phone knowing what i know now about it.I do like the $45 a month unlimited everything when i was paying $57 for 450 minutes and 1000 texts and no internet. So better deal here.

Like most things about this phone. Spent a lot of time making a checklist of what I wanted in a new cell phone. It is everything I wanted. Only complaint is the usual for any android phone... it shuts off randomly and freezes on a regular basis. It's a good phone just wish it misbehaved a little less.

This phone is awesome and the straight talk plan is so far awesome too.  That being said the battery life is kinda lame especially if you find yourself in a location with no signal.  When phones try to locate signals they gobble up battery life.  So I'm looking for some extra batteries.The phone itself is very good.  I purchased from walmart for $189.  I've also created a quick tutorial on youtube if you want to know where to get the usb driver and set it up for debugging in eclipse.  Just search ytube for goofyfoot2001

#1 I bought this phone from Straight Talk's website for $129.99 with free shipping and Walmart has it online for $129.88 with $3 shipping.#2 The Bad: If you haven't already heard, this phone has two major issues: battery life and it is sluggish.  I considered returning it every day for the first two weeks that I had it.  In the end, I just decided to use it as little as possible and deal with the slowness.  - There are double-size batteries available online for under $20, which I will probably buy.  I have to charge it every day, just for talking/texting - no GPS, no wifi, no web-surfing.- One example of the slowness - I end a phone call and it sort-of freezes for several seconds before the phone can do the next thing, like go to the home screen.- It is preset with a lot of annoying Google crap that requires an account.#3 The Good: I decided to keep it because I loved the video recordings.  I need to be able to record lectures and I tried several videocams that were either not as good sound quality or turned off after 30 minutes. This will record for hours and uploads easily to my computer. (Since I am already plugging it in to charge it anyway - lol.)#4 The Great: I really enjoy having a full slide-out qwerty and a full touch screen.  My phone looks just like everyone else's until I pull out the "secret compartment" - and type easily.  Then they all get jealous.#5 The Annoying Mystery: The Home screen text size is small.  All searches for font size adjustment have been dead-ends.)

Great phone, terrible service. Runs off sprint not ATT towers but other than that i enjoyed it

My girlfiend and I got strieght talk about a year ago; I can't say enough good things about it.  It makes me wonder what went wrong with the negitives out there!  My only complaint is only from the fact thst I wish i had gotten the larger screen. Mayby I will. lighten up people!

You can get this a lot cheaper from the straight talk website. This price is ridiculous and i wouldnt be able to live with myself without atleast letting you all know first

For the record, this is my first Smart Phone and I am not a heavy user. It would be a rare day for me to make more than 2 calls & 2 texts on any given day. I spend most of my day on a computer at work so I'm not much for going online once I get off work... but I do like having the capability when I need it.The manual: Provided by Straight Talk, was very poorly done. For example, there are 5 icons available to turn on/off different functions but I didn't know what they were. Going to the supplied manual it did mention those icons but there were no pictures to show you which one was related to which function. I downloaded a Verizons manual for their version of the phone and it supplied the needed information.Battery life: With GPS and Bluetooth turned off and Wi-fi turned off about 75% of the time I was just barely able to get 2 days of battery life having made 2 phone calls, sent a couple of texts, played a game of Solitaire, and did less than 30 minutes of internet time.Phone functions: Compared to my previous (non-Smart) phone, the internal speaker really lacks volume and clarity. For example, while in a busy shopping mall and speaking with my wife, I had to ask her to repeat herself numerous times (this never happened when using my previous phone).I love the slide out, full keyboard that has vastly increased my texting speed. There are even dedicated keys to enter "@", ".com", and over 10 different SMILEY faces.Connectivity: I really don't know if it is a service provider (Sprint system?) or of the phones reception abilities but at my home and where I work, about 10 miles away, I only get an average of 3 bars, which, so far, has sufficed.Android: Getting used to the operating system takes some time. It's really not all that difficult but it can be frustrating at times with the inadequate manual from Straight Talk.I was able to set up 3 different e-mail accounts (2 GMail & 1 Yahoo) quite easily. Though I'm a long time user of Google, I had been using MS Outlook much longer and I had all the details for my contacts in MS Outlook. Because this phone/system uses the contacts from you Google account, it took me a fair amount of time updating all the information. The good thing about this, I did it all on my computer and the phone simply synced with the Google account and everything magically matched.A change on the phone or a change from your online account is automatically reflected throughout. The sync also include your Google calendar (how cool is that)!I'm having a problem with the voice capability using the "Quick Search Box", this is box on the home screen, that allows you to do a Google search using text or voice. Usually, when I select the "voice" option it gives me the error, "Server Problem", so far it has only worked for me a couple of times. Maybe I need to fix my voice?APPS: There are plenty of APPS available for downloading from "Market" and they are easy to install and use. So far I've downloaded Red Laser, Yelp, and a Solitaire game.Manufacture support: Going to the LG web page I searched the site and was unable to find a listing for the "Q" model. I suspect it is very close to the "S" (Sprint) version but I don't understand the complete lack of any mention of the "Q". I did download the pdf manual for the "S" which is vastly superior to the printed copy Straight Talk supplies, and seems more akin than the Verizon version I had earlier downloaded.I paid $175 at Wal-Mart for the phone and pay $45 per 30 days of unlimited service. Pretty hard to beat.Nope, the phone and service is not perfect but your getting a lot more than what you paid for when compared to other phone plans.Final note: I've had Straight Talk for almost 2 years now and never really had a problem with service or my phone, until... buying this new phone it was a requirement to change my auto pay from the $35 to the $45 plan. You can't do this online and need to call customer service. This comment is not reflecting my score for this review, but... their customer service was TERRIBLE! I called 3 times and each time the representative ended up irritating me more than helping me.UPDATE: Overall, now that I've had the phone awhile, I'm still a happy camper, but there are a few negatives that folks might want to be aware of:- I've now had more experience with the phone I've found that I can use up the battery pretty dang fast when doing more than bare minimal internet... or worse with some of the apps that are available.- Having had a Straight Talk phone for a couple of years I NEVER received a spam text but now I've received a few on this phone.... wonder why?- Unable to block a phone number (see above)- There is a function to set a sound to alert you to a new "message", the problem, there is no way to set if for JUST a new text message. I have 3 e-mail accounts on the phone along with the texting function and whenever I receive a new e-mail OR text I get the alert... I ONLY desire to be alerted to a new text but that option does not exist.

Amazing phone. I think walmart sells for $179 so anything $150 and under for this phone is a Good deal!

i had this phone once before and i loved it, i think i had it for a good year and no major issues. then i had changed to boost and they had a phone just like it and of course i went to the phone just like it! then i went to verizon and hated how much i was having to spend on prepaid! so i went back to straighttalk! if this phone goes out on me i will for sure buy it again with the same people i bought it from on here! i loved that they sent me a little message, it makes things a little more personal and makes me feel good about buying from them!

I bought this phone and the phone itself i liked, but i could not get service in my area with it so i returned it and have not heard anything from the seller since, i dont know if i am getting a refund or what is going on. i emailed amazon and no response there either. i want my money back

came in mail before date given.works real good. i would not buy another oneas i don't like the top row of letters and numbers on the same keys

Haven't even had my phone a month and last week it stopped charging, beeb charging my phone withe my old cell. I am extremely dissatisfied and am wondering what you are going to do to fix it?

The LG Optimus Q is the first smart phone I've ever owned, and after having it for nearly half a year, I find that I still enjoy it, although it is lacking in some areas.PROS:-Straight Talk has been a fairly reliable service for me. I believe this phone runs off the Sprint network, so you should check out their coverage and service before purchasing.-The phone is sleek and well built. I did buy this case for it (White Hard Case Cover for LG Optimus Slider LS700 LG Gelato Q), although you could probably use it without one.-Fairly fast, although probably slower than a more advanced smart phone. Still, for the price and the fact that you don't have a contract, it's easy to deal with the rare times the phone hangs up.-Simple to set up the phone, not only with Straight Talk, but also with the Google Play store.-Includes very nice Google audio search that actually works quite well. You can call and text people using this feature as well.-The slide-out QWERTY keyboard is a lifesaver for someone like me, who does not particularly like to hunt and peck on the virtual keyboard.-I know a lot of people have battery issues with this phone, but I've not had any trouble. I use it throughout the day to play games, make calls, text, and sometimes surf the web, and I've always had at least 20% battery left by the end of the day. I expect to have to charge my phone every night anyway, so the fact that I have to do that with this phone does not count as a negative for me.CONS:-This phone only has 215 MB (yes, MB!) of usable internal memory. Although it comes with a 4GB mini SD card, not all apps can be installed to the card, so you will run out of space VERY QUICKLY if you love apps as much as I do. If you buy the case I mentioned above, it makes getting the back off the phone pretty hard sometimes.-Every so often the phone totally freezes up on me and I can't get it to restart. I end up having to open the back of the phone, take out the battery, and reinsert it to get the phone to work.-The camera is TERRIBLE. Awful. It's passable when taking a picture of something at a fair distance, but shots are almost always blurry when taken from up close. There is also no flash on this camera.-A lot of times, my wireless connection goes away and the phone reverts to 3G. This doesn't happen on any of my other wireless devices, so I can only assume it's the phone. I usually have to reconnect the wireless manually to get the phone to use the wireless again. This can be really, really annoying sometimes.-In addition to the above, many times my wireless simply will not work at all and the 3G will not automatically kick in as a backup. The wireless has a signal and SHOULD be working, but instead of green (meaning the wireless is good), the wireless symbol is white, which means it isn't connecting properly. This is another issue that never happens on my other wireless devices.Overall, I'm pleased with my purchase. For what I paid (and the small amount I pay each month to Straight Talk), the phone is a real bargain. I plan on keeping the phone for a year or so and then upgrading to a better non-contract phone: one that has more internal memory and a better camera (with a flash!). I'd recommend this phone to anyone who needs a somewhat basic smartphone at a good price.
