
it does what i want it to do. my other one i lost was water proof im affraid vthis one isnt

I read the reviews on this and assumed that some of the negative ones were from people that did not know how to operate cell phones. I do know how to operate a cell phone and even took this one to a local Verizon dealer. They gave me no direct answer but for the most part said this phone would not work with my existing plan as it had been advertised. The only way to have possibly made this phone work would to have been to change my plan which I had no desire do. I return this phone promptly

You can't beat this phone. I had one that finally died, and was so glad to find the exact same phone. I love it. And it arrived quickly. Just in time for my vacation.

Im old school and HATE the android and iPhone technology. this simple flip phone is my 2nd exact same phone (daughter broke the first one). i didnt hesitate to go right online and buy the same one that day.

First phone lasted 4 years, this was a direct replacement and so far no problems at all. Is working just like my old one.

This is a simple phone, Although it was refurbished, it looked like new. It would be a bit flimsy for someone whose hands don't work well and it is a little small. Great for a teen It arrived on time. I have no complaints.

Did not work. Need to return, but was not given a return address. It was for my grandson as a gift, I was very upset. Disappointed!

I wanted a good basic phone for talking and text only.  The LG Accolade &#34;Hit the Spot&#34;.  It is easy to use and most of all the Bluetooth PAIRS with each of my cars(Jeep and Lexus) and works great!!  The sound quality is excellent !!  I also like the flip phones because you are not always hitting buttons when the phone is in your pocket.  I saw that some reviews were not happy with the camera button on the outside of the phone.  If you will open the phone from the very bottom you will not trigger the camera.Anyway; If you want a good BASIC phone without getting a new Verizon contract, get this one!!!

Phone works as advertised. It was just what the buyer was looking for as far as a phone goes. Works great.

The phone worked originally as detailed. However a week after using the device the battery would not accept a charge from anything but my car charger. I contacted the company for a replacement battery or phone and received no response. I can still only charge through my car and I am not happy.Buy and beware.

thanks

The LG Accolade VX-5600 Cell Phone I bought didn't come with the cord.  So, Telemart Inc, sold cell phone without a cord and they knew this when they sold me the phone.

Had to find replacement phone for 87-yr-old for texting. Texting is really his only task, so didn't need a lot of bells and whistles.  This phone has a camera which appears to take good photos, Voice quality is good. Text size adjusts large enough for Dad to see.  NO memory card, I was disappointed in that. The booklet says it prints to Bluetooth. We don't have any printers that qualify so could not try that. What I was thrilled about was that I could replace it on Verizon so easily.  Had a very, very frustrating experiencing trying to get a replacement phone thru Verizon directly, twice.  Insisted on large data plan was required to get any replacement phone. We do not use smartphones. When I saw this phone, the price was good, it was Verizon compatible and had other features we needed, I decided to try ---- especially since it was on Amazon. Simple directions came with the phone. In addition it said if I had any difficulty to contact the Amazon via info given for assist. I cleared a whole afternoon knowing it would not be as easy as the paper said. Took 5 min!!!!  I just followed steps. Done !!  Of course, I now have to go check my Verizon bill to see if it was TOO easy and my bill has increased. Wish me luck.

I Received it fast. It was even thinner than I expected. Exceeded my expectations. I am so pleased with my purchase.

I had to return the first one after about two weeks. The front screen stopped working. The vendor (Big Box Bonanza) said the would ship another one but did not have one in a box. They said it was new but missing the box. I was told they would credit me $10.00 for this which never happened. Now the new phone has an issue with the front screen too. Unfortunately, I didn't notice before had all of my data transfered. It has sort of a bubble under the screen so I figured someone else had returned this one and that was why there was no box. I have already had to go to Verizon to have all of my data transfered to the new phone twice and I'm tired of screwing around with Big Box Bonanza. I'm still using the second phone and have decided to keep the original one to use the battery as a replacement. I will think twice before using Amazon's outside vendors again but anything I have purchased directly from Amazon has been fine.

This is a replacement phone, the old one was just plain wore-out. Verizon does not offer it any longer. I wanted to have the exact same phone again, I liked it so well. I was very pleased I could find it on Amazon. I use this phone everyday, it is simply my &#34;only phone&#34; I do not have a land-line, nor do I text, therefore this phone is perfect. It is small, yet I can set the screen to large print size. It has never butt-dialed anyone. I have dropped it numberous times, yet sustained no damage--it is the toughest phone I have ever owned, no otter box required. It's outside display screen scratches fairly easy, and the hindge could be improved are my only suggested upgrades. It takes fairly decent pictures and hold around 300 shots- not bad atall. I may buy another one soon just in case Amazon stops caring them too. I highly recommend this phone to simple users and the elderly. No frills-just good phone. I will be a sad day when we are all forced to own smart phones, don't need one, don't want one- just let me have this simple flip phone and I'm a happy gal.

Great phone, works and was cheap.  Smart phones stink glad to have a regular phone for talking like normal people.

The LG Accolade VX-5600 is good generally as flip phones go unless you use voice dialing and speakerphone. The speaker is scratchy soundy and conversations are frequently garbled. Also, don't expect to voice dial unless the phone is flipped open.

The cell phone came promptly, in excellent condition, works perfectly.  I  recommend it to anyone wanting a small cell phone.

All we needed was a simple phone that our in laws could use just now and then when they needed to make a few calls and this fit the bill.  It's small and it does what it's supposed to do.  You can talk and text on it and that's all they really need it to do.  You can also take some half decent pictures with it.  If that's all you need and are looking for then I would highly recommend this product.

I have owned this phone in the past and it was a great phone. Nothing was wrong with the phone I currently purchased except for the fact that it was a prepaid phone. No where on the sellers page did it list that it was prepaid. I returned the phone to amazon and they refunded me my money. Thankfully amazon has one of the best customer service teams around. Thanks amazon

Worked great while it lasted,put new battery in it,still would not charge,tried new charger no good,,asked for replacement,only 30 day period for replacement

Bought it as a gift for my father-in-law who does not use the cell phone much but needs one for basic calls.  It works just fine for him.

I purchased this phone for my husband, that didn't want a &#34;smart phone.&#34;  He says it's perfect for him because of the size.  It fits in his pants pocket for easy access.  Also, it was inexpensive compared to purchasing a phone from Verizon.

It works just fine, no problems experienced.  What else do you want me to say concerning this product, it works and that all I was interested in.

I received the phone & after charging the front face did not show time, date, etc. just colored lines up & down, returned item

This got only 4 stars because my daughter has not switched her phone yet, so I am not sure how it works.  That said, it came right away and was exactly what she wanted and the price was very reasonable.

I must say that my disappointment lies not with the phone itself...but, that this phone was a prepay and Verizon would NOT activate without some lame excuse of wanting me to pay 6 months prepay first. I was furious. I lost the box and information or I would return it to sender! If you are considering purchasing a phone in this manner..I caution you that it may come up as a prepay. Company will NOT activate without charging you!!!

It is just a simple phone. Works. It calls, send texts, and it came with the cable charger, so that was good. It doesn't charge with a lot of micro SD chargers for some reason. The one it came with is the only one 100% guaranteed to work.If it doesn't work with another SD, turn it off, then plug it in. If it's not on, then it will charge, for some reason. But it has to stay off.

I had this phone and broke it, was happy to see that I could replace it on Amazon! I like how simple it is and do not want to upgrage to a phone that I will not use all the other options.thanks!

very disappointed.  I understand that it was used but it diesnt even work now.  The screen does must have worn out.  I dont think I can evev return it because the shippng would be 1/2 what I paid.so if possible please notify the previuos an let them know that I am very disappointedThanks

Received the VX5600 LG Accolade cell phone, camera, bluetooth.  Have had this phone before- it is great.Newly purchased one just as expected.  Love it.

Great flip phone. My husband hated his smart phone for his job and just wanted an easy flip phone. I got him this one. It's basic and easy. Just numbers. No bells or whistles. Shipped fast and transferred to my account with no issues.

The phone arrived on time. Everything was included. My husband only likes flip phones and this one is just what we needed. It is just like the one offered for a lot more thru Verizon. Thanks Amazon!

Than the garbage phone we were given with our verizon plan.  This one is better built, has better sound and a much longer battery life.  We are very happy with this flip phone.

I bought this phone primarily for its ease of use, and because its a LG. This is my third LG and they have been completely reliable.

'LG Accolade VX-5600 VX5600 Cell Phone, Camera, Bluetooth, from Verizon' did meet my expectations,very easy to use,if your looking for a flip phone this is the one to have.

I bought this phone because I love the flip style. But when I received it I had to send it back because the speaker didn't work.  Very frustrated to have that hassle!

I Like The Phone It Has Work Fine So Far The Only Thing I Dont Like About It Is The Ring Volum Is Not Very Loud If When Around A Lot Of Noise You Cant Here It  Don

Bought this phone thinking that "This product has been extensively tested, is certified to be 100% functional, and ready for activation"as quoted from there product page which should mean that I could use it on any verizon line, only to find out that it is a pre-paid phone and can not be activated on my account until its active for 6 months, what a waste of time!

Two things I wanna say: (1) I paid for 2 brand new LG VX5600 phones for me and my wife.  Received 2 brand new phones but one had a bad speaker.  I asked for a replacement which they were really quick about.  So that part I was pleased.  But the replacement that came was obviously a refurbished phone.  It had scratches/marks on it and either the phone itself was obviously used, or it was refurbished with obviously used covers.  The whole situation really ticks me off that they would try to pull something shady like this.  (2)I am amazed how much they neglect the packing of this phone.  It comes in a box and the phone isn't secured with foam or anything.  It's loose in the Verizon box.  If you shake it you can feel and hear it bounce around.  I have no idea what they are thinking when packing an electronic device and shipping it like this.  I packed the return way better than the ones that came to me.  I guess you get what you pay for.  It would be way more expensive to go into a verizon store and buy this same phone.  That's all, just be careful people.

Ordered this phone because I lost the one I had that is the same. Got it in goodtime, and look's like new. Dropped this phone a number of times, and in the waterand still worked like new. Going to be careful with this one though.

I can't rate the phone itself since I'm unable to use it, but I would advise people to be very careful dealing with this vendor (PagePlusDeals). The first phone that they sent me stopped working after 2 days and I asked for a replacement. They did send a replacement without any hassle although it did take twice as long as promised.  Now that I have the second phone it cannot even be activated with Verizon since it's a 'prepaid' phone that cannot be added to an existing account, it has to be used for 6 months with a prepaid plan first. So at this point, my only option is to also return this second phone.I'd advise people not to deal with PagePlusDeals. They obviously have problems delivering what they promise and trying to save a few bucks just isn't worth the potential hassle, at least for me.

Works great i bought two and both work very well. I am very happy with this purchase. Just wish it came with a charger

Great little phone.  Very easy to set up and very easy to use.  This is the second one purchased.  Long lasting battery had no issues with the first phone.

Wanted just a simple phone.  Have had many that did all kinda stuff.  This fit the bill perfectly and does a great job.

This phone is just what we needed. Our basic old phone was dying and we didn't need a smart phone. Instructions for changing service to the new phone were simple

Bought this brand new in college, trying out different prepaid providers at the time.Pro's:1. 1.3 MP Camera2. Outer LCD Screen3. Bluetooth for wireless headsets.4. SpeakerPhone5. Good Coverage6. Cheap calls if calling other Verizon members ($1 a day on days used).Con's:1. No external memory for camera2. Can't use bluetooth to transfer photos to another device.3. Have to use Internet to back up photos.4. Will charge by USB, but can't transfer data by USB.5. Verizon's prepaid rates are a bit pricey for the moderate to heavy users.6. Can't buy a texting plan (text rate varies by your selected daily plan)Overall, I'd recommend this if you're an occasional user.  At the time I used the phone, there were 3 different daily plans.  $2 plan, $1 plan and 25 cents a minute plan.  $2 gave you unlimited calling to any number in the United States and (from what I remember) 2 cents for every text sent or received (picture message costs more).  $1 gets unlimited mobile to mobile calling with other networks being 10 cents a minute.  I think this plan provided text messages at 10 cents a piece.  Lastly, 25 cents a minute plan explains itself.  25 cents a minute, regardless of who you call or how long you're on the phone for.  I think texts are also 25 cents a text on that plan as well.I'm pretty there's also a $50 unlimited plan as well, but I'm not sure since I haven't used Verizon in years.

I had this phone before, it was damaged, so bought another phone of a different type....bad mistake, bought this one again and Love it.  The more expensive phone would not let me download My-Cast on it....bought this one again and now I have the My-Cast app again.  Its crazy that a more expensive ($250) phone wouldn't do it but an inexpensive one does!  If anything happens to this, I will buy another one of these.  Just pray they are still available if & when anything happens to the one I have!  Great product!!!!

Was advertised as new,but when I received it there were scratches inside battery compartment.  No instruction manual or warranty information were included.

I'm sad to say that when I first got my phone I noticed that it didn't show too many bars, but I was optimistic. So I took it down to Mexico where I live and have been using verizon phones with only little problems like sometimes you can't be heard for a few seconds. With this one my call went through but after a few minutes it dropped the call and now when I call it dosen't ring on my end but does ring to whom I called but when answered nothing gut static.. So I went ahead and used my husbands verizon LG phone but a different model and was able to continue my conversation to a friend in Nevada USA. I love LGs. I think maybe this is just a bad one because I read that they having good reception. Blue tooth works great, it just dosen't have the reception that it should have. If I lived in the states I would probibly return it for a replacement or a more expencive model.

I purchased 2 for 83 tear old parents.  One was perfect.  The second was the wrong phone, but iy was replaced.

It was good ,and save me money

This phone has a few issues and doesn't seem like it is brand new but it will serve the purpose.  Atleast I can hear the ringer.

Reasonably priced for someone who wants a simple phone. Really appreciated the fact that as soon as I turned on the phone there was a program that allowed me to activate the phone with out involving Verizon!

Old school and just have no need for all the smart phones out there.  I am inundated with plenty of correspondence, calls, email, faxes, texting etc.  Don't want or need a smartphone and it's getting harder to find what I call a good old fashion basic phone.  This phone is far from basic and offers many updated features, caller announcement etc.  Would recommend

Simple and easy to use, the phone is not all the crap you don't need, making the stuff you do need easy to get to.

I know it's not cool to have a flip phone nowadays, but all I need a phone for is texting and calls.  This phone does both very well, the battery life is awesome and it's easy on my budget.

Great for what I needed the phone for and I did not have to renew my contract with Virizon Wireless!

I owned this phone previously, but had to replace it due to carelessly washing it.  It fits my needs perfectly.  Compact, light weight, camera, text messages, speed dial, alarm clock, adjust font size, shows incoming name or phone number, are just a few of the features that are important to me.  Excellent phone at a reasonable price. I even use it as a flashlight.

There was nothing stating this was a prepaid phone.  Could not use the phone as received as it was prepaid only.

The first phone was problematic. It was not the suppliers fault. They sent me a new phone the next day overnight mail. They returned my emails within hours of the problem. I was very satisfied.Peter

This phone is handy, small, good ringer, bold letters,and is affordable I only use it as a cell phone!!! no texting or internet.Perfect as a cell phone only.Charges great and quickly I have extra batterys and pouches. Verizon tried to charge me 250.00 $ for a phone thats a hunk of s*** for that price come on!!! its all about there bottomline; There all the same sell you as much function and service for as much as they can and suck you in!!! That's the name of the game!!!

I choose this phone because I am not a techy....I like simple things, easy to operate devices, etc.  This phone fits the bill.

I dont think so - jay1998 is committed to providing each customer with the highest standard of customer service -Phone was activated to a government agency in tennessee and it worked right out of the box - (New) Seller note: Still in box from factory. Never activated.&#34; ---PS otherwise its a very nice phone

The charger that came with the phone causes the phone to display a message &#34;This cable is not recommended for this phone.&#34;

Camera and volume buttons are in just the wrong place and constantly get pushed by accident.  Sound quality is good.  I bought it primarily for clarity of sound since I have a small amount of hearing loss, and just wanted a basic phone.  Texting is not easy as it is the old keypad style, but I did not buy it for that feature.

The first phone was still activated with Verizon and I could not activate.  The second phone I could hear people talking but they could not hear me.  Now, the third phone does not hold a charge for more than an hour or so.  I am reaching out to the seller for the third time.

The phone is better than the same model phone I replaced with it.  Very worthwhile purchase to replace a phone that simply wore out.

Works as promised.I ordered this phone to replace the same model which I had dropped and broken.It is not a smart phone.  However, since all I do is make phone calls and use the alarm it is perfect.  I did not have to go through another learning curve to use a new phone.

got it for my mother in law cause i was not about to spend a ton of money on a phone she cant run (smartphone)!! this one is easy and basic!!

Everything seems to be working well so far, although I lost my photos and text messages when trying to transfer over my contacts (done at a Verizon store).  Just a few scratches.  I'd recommend this to anyone who needs a simple phone - I rarely text or take photos.  The phone is mainly used just to make calls.

I purchased this phone and put it on my account last week. The phone had been cloned and someone started changing my account settings and use my service. Verizon found fraud to be happening on my account and started shutting my phones off one by one. Now you see my frustrations. Very disappointed. If you don't know what a cloned phone is it where there take your #'s off your phone and to make an exact replica and then they use your account for service.

I HAD THIS PHONE BEFORE IT'S A GREAT SMALL PHONE THAT DOES EVERYTHING THAT I NEED.  NOT A LOT OF BELLS AND WHISTLES BUT EVERYTHING I NEED, CAMERA, TEXT AND CALLS

I got this for my grandfather as a replacement for his lost/broken phone.  It works great for him, if needed we would probably buy again (he doesn't want a smart phone)

It works ok, BUT, when I carry it in my pocket it keeps turning the damn camera on.  The camera does me no good anyway.  It can take pictures I guess, BUT, to do anything with them I have to pay.  My phone bill is high enough as it is, I don't need more services to make it higher.  The camera is somewhat of a come on, you have it, so you take pictures, so you want to save the pictures, now they have you, you have to pay to send pictures.  I wish there was a way to turn the useless camera off, and there might be, but I haven't found it.  The camera turning on is something that happens daily.I HATE the damn phone.  It is a testament to my self-control that I haven't thrown this cursed damn phone.  I never give 1 star, but I HATE this damn phone so much I'm going to anyway.  If you truly hate someone, and want to make them miserable, just give them one of these phones.

I went from years of using a smart phone and wanted to go back to simple! Well it's as simple as you get. Great phone! Would I recommend?  yes, absolutely...

This was a prepaid phone and I had to return it. Verizon advised that prepaid phones must be used for 6 months before they can be converted and used with a contract and this one had not been. To the seller's credit the refund was prompt but it was a hassle returning it and I wouldn't have bought it if it had been described accurately.

We bought this phone for our son- it's a perfect size- we bought a case at the Verizon store that clips on to his pants so he won't lose it. But it's a great phone and stays charged forever.

I am completely satisfied with the LG Accolade VX5600 flip cell phone that I bought through Amazon. It is an exact replacement for the one I dropped in water and much less expensive than the retail price. The phone is exactly as advertised, new condition, and unlocked so all I had to do was charge the battery and take it to my cell provider for activation.

Did not want a smart phone, this phone works great, Easy to use everyday,if you do not want to text & take pictures.Saves me money not having a Data Plan & texting.Love It!

OK second  phoneHave I phone 5s for job and this lg for personal usageCannot keep ringer on as it constantly says Verizon wirelessWould not recommend  buying this unit

You couldn't tell this phone from new! The wife just loves it! Easy to use and holds a charge for near a week!

just what my husband wanted very simple phone, easy numbers to see not complicated at all just a nice simple little phone .

I rated this 5 stars because of the shipping time, was very fast i think i got it in like 3 days. And so far its been the perfect little phone for my husband he loves it. Its simple, small enough to fit in his front pocket and doesn't butt call me all the time love that myself. The volume is loud enough for him to hear even at work since he does work in a very noisy environment. overall very satified with product all the way around. Thanks would not hesitate to order from this company again thank you.

Husband needed phone replaced and didn't want to pay the high price Verizon wanted to charge till we were due for our upgrade, Phone works great

Received phone earlier than expected. Refurbished, but appeared new. Lightweight, compact, fits in front pocket.Perfect. Very happy about the $35.00 cost as well.

I like the small size.  I can hear clearly.  The battery life is great.  Included a charger.  Easy to use.

I bought this phone through Proline Distribution.  The description said new condition.  I think used, but in very good condition would have been more accurate.  The battery cover looked used and a little beat up.  The phone itself had a minor mark or two on it and came with a non-descript charger.  The screens were all perfectly clear and unmarked.  For the price I paid, I'm not sure I care too much about the minor marks and am happy with the phone.  I'm including this info in the product review because the price was 1/3 the normal retail price and should be taken into consideration when purchasing this phone at this price point.For the phone itself, it was purchased for my 9 year old son to keep with him in the event of an emergency.  For what we wanted the phone to be... small, light, reliable, long battery life, good reception, easy to use - it fits the bill quite well!  We had an older version of this phone that went through the washing machine.  We (wife, son and I) were very happy with that phone and wanted another just like it.  We are all very happy we bought VX-5600.

Not exactly a sturdy phone. It is somewhat fragile and I don't expect it will last a year.with average useage

this is an awesome phone for anyone who wants a simply phone. clear sound. sturdy phone. no complaints i would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a simple phone and likes texting.

I like flip phones and this one is my favorite so far. Small, light-weight, fits easily in my pocket, takes great pics for its size.

The phone was as described.  it came with accessories, and has been working fine. I was able to activate it without problems.

this phone is basically indestructable.  Mine finally broke after 4 year.. it had been swimming in the lake, fell in a bucket of water sealing stain & laid on a cooktop which melted a few of the buttons & this thing just kept on working.  It's demise finally came this winter when it slipped out of my hand & fell to the parking lot busting off the hinged lid.  So the display didn't work but the phone still did.... So i bought another one.. in the days of smart phones... phewwy... this good ole flip phone will do me just fine.  Hope this one lasts as long & as well as it's predicessor.

i bought 2 of the same phones together one charger does not work and one phone's front plastic color covering is flaking off. disappointed

The price was decent. Item works and is pretty durable especially with young ones playing with it. Overall, I'm very happy with the purchase.

This phone was adverised as new. It definitely was used prior to our obtaining it. the adress book was cleaned out, but the voicemail would go to a previously installed number. Anyone looking to obtain a new phone, I would look elseware.

Phone works well, but the battery needs charging daily.  It would be worse for a person who actually uses the phone as most people do.  I should have bought a new  battery, but I might have to someday anyway.

Our old phone was dying so I got this one to replace it and so far it have been very good.  It is smaller than the old one so lighter to carry, etc and the sound is good.  We can't see to text so don't have that service so don't know how it would be for that.

Phone looked great and was in good shape ad arrived on time but after three days the charger wouldn't connect. Loose connection. I bought a 2nd charger and it also would not hold the charge.

LG Accolade is very reliable and easy to navigate. I had an accolade that was broken and looked at other phone but went back to the accolade.

Smaller than I thought it would be. Works just fine for my Husband as he just wanted a simple phone to replace his broken LG

This phone is outdated, I  had to update it constantly, it didn't get service. I ended up getting a different phone.

I bought this phone for my wifes Grandmother. The other day she dropped the phone for the first time. The screen fell off as though it were glued on. I am very disapointed since she has only had the phone since April. The phone had worked well previously but as far as durability I would not recommend this phone.

not my purchase

Verizon wants a minmum of $270.00 to activate this phone.  It cannot be tied to an active account.  Advertizing references are misleading.

I purchased this phone to replace my smashed flip phone until my contract renewed in 9 months. I had trouble activating the phone and after a few hours on the phone and a trip to the verizon store I learned some disturbing news.  The service code was not reset to 000000 and without it there is no way to activate it.  Verizon was able to track down the previous two owners to see what code they used but It turns out they returned to amazon because it could not be activated.Bad product with great packaging.

this is rediculous, verizon said this serial number doesnt exist and that this is a fraudulent phone, not a verizon phone, how do you explain that, i would like to know if amazon has checked into this at all.

A good basic phone. Just what we wanted. Bought it to replace an existing phone that had filled the measure of it's creation and gone to that great phoneshop in the sky.

The phone itself works well although I had to take it to Verizon to have it activated to my account. It kept wanting to drop off my old text messaging plan.There was no manual in the box.The back of the phone was scuffed. It was obviously used or a refurbIt was fulfilled by DealscalyHad it been a new phone, then it would get a 4 or 5 star review.

So the phone isn't that bad really. Nothing fancy, but if you just need talk and/or text it's fine. The design flaw is that it doesn't have a lock on the camera button when the phone is closed. I hear a camera shutter sound, I take the phone out of my pocket and it turns out there are 355 pictures of the inside of my pocket. This keeps happening! Ahhhh!!!!!!

My husband left his phone in his bib overalls and they both came out of the wash clean - but the cell phone didn't work.  Ordered this one and only had it 2 months and the front readout is not longer visible.  Phone still works though - have to open it to see displays.

I was well pleased with the item I ordered. I had this same model and dropped it in water. After several days, the phone didn't come back. I purchased this because it was simple and easy to operate. Then, after just one week, I again dropped it into the pool. So, needless to say, the item and transaction was wonderful, but not so wonderful for me. The second phone went completely dead even though it didnt completely submerge.I am well pleased with Amazon and the way they do business. Everything I purchased was completely satisfactory.

When my husband opened this he instantly called it a &#34;Smurf&#34; phone due to the fact that it is so very tiny. The pictures make it look much nicer than it really is. However, the seller was awesome! The phone was delivered quickly and when I returned it they gave me my refund just as quickly. I would use the seller again!

I've had this same phone since I first signed up for a cell phone, but I'm now on my 3rd one. Not because it doesn't work, but the long-time use & age of the other two rendered them kaput!  But, both survived getting wet, frequent dropping, and they still worked fine.  My friends' with Smartphones should have such a phone that doesn't drop calls like theirs do.

Great product, shipped very quick and well packaged.  Arrived on time, actually before time.  Look forward to doing business again soon.

I bought this phone 3 weeks ago to replace a phone on my family plan. I activated it like instructions said with no problems. I originally was concerned from reading a previous review saying verizon will say its a prepaid but i took the chance and its worked out fine. My only small issue is i thought it would be new but it had to be a used phone because had little indentation and smudges and no manual but i'd purchase it again for the price.

The phone works fine, but the exterior started peeling off a few days after I got it. It looks terrible, like I've had it for years.

because it was not a new one. Which I bought and paid for not a used one or refurbish one. Was not a happy camper!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

super fast delivery, as advertised, the right price for what I wanted. Set up was easy with a little help from my 13 year old grand daughter. Thank you

I purchased this as a new phone and did not get an instruction book. I would like to have one so I can operate it. Please respond.Larry

Used to replace same phone that broke, and very satisfied with the product and the seller. Arrived on time and was packaged well. Would order again. Came with charger, battery, and battery back.
