
Had a hard to time to charge it up, now it is blank not working at all, had to switch phone, need to ship it back.

I bought this phone to replace all my phones I had att fusion 2 , samsung galaxy appeal , pantech limk 2, and all of them sucked! Im so done with expensive phones.yes this naybe cheap looking phone! But whats great about it the battery life , phone calls, texting! This is the best phone I have , so if your not one if those techy person who loves smartphones then this it for you! I dont care wat other people say about my phone as long it works great and reliable! Anyways I have a laptop, samsung tab 2 so why buy a expensive phone which dies very fast! Im telling you dont buy smartphone dont waste money just because everyone else has one!Smartphone sucks and also the battery life!

If you want a cheap pocket phone it's OK to have.  I don't call much & I put it on AT&T;'s  .10/minute plan.  You can use it for messaging & data  but "be careful" operating it or you'll wind up getting data & messaging.It's approx. 3 3/4 long x 1 3/4 wide. Black in color, with nothing on the outside to look at,I like that.  I'm still training the battery & getting another battery will be awkward to find.  So far no problems & the price is right.an addition; call quality is terrible, I have to put my finger in my other ear to hear who is calling me, boy was I surprised.  Maybe I received a bad phone, who knows,  so I'm back looking for a better Go Phone, one that I'll hear who's calling me.  I don't bother using this small screen for anything else, I will say the battery is fantastic but I haven't found another battery that I know is made for this phone since using the numbers brings up other phones as well.Oh well $15. for a little phone in my pocket, what the hey.  Choice is yours (be careful).

Really good ,simple, basic, easy to use phone I use it to recieve and make calls and recieve messages it is great for that, I'm on the 10 cent per minute plan, this is my only phone now

That there is not a camera attached to this phone.  Its fine, no biggie, it is just a basic phone, but I wish I had realized it didn't have the camera.

I bought the phone for visiting in-laws. Since they are only going to be here for about 4 months, go phone is a natural choice. The phone does everything it suppose to do: easy to activate, good voice quality, working text messages, good battery. It size makes carrying it in pocket quite convenient.It's a perfect phone for those who does not need the fancy features of smart phones and have decent AT&T; coverage

I bought this phone to replace a contract phone that broke.  All that is needed is to replace the SIM card and it work perfectly with my plan.  I use the phone just for talking so I have no comments on texting, data, etc.

Had a few phone companies and phones. This one was easy as long as I talked to a representative. Got it all done in no time short.

I use this phone for a dummy line on my account and for 9.99 you cant beat it. Awesome for what I needed.

The phone is easy to use and doesn't have any unnecessary bells or whistles.  I wanted a phone that made calls and made texts and that is what this is.  It has fairly good reception and it is a little small to hold and to use but it is still very managable.  The only complaint I truly have is the volume of the speaker. I dont think it would be good for someone hard of hearing.

It was ok but you get what you pay for and I wasn't looking to spend a lot of money

With just the basic features, the Samsung does exactly what a phone is supposed to do - receives and send calls clearly, with enough volume, and inexpensively.

This phone doesn't feel as cheap as the a107, and it has a decent design.What is the point of having 3g if you can't take advantage of it? The included browser is horrible. It does not render HTML and it is only passable with sites that are designed for WAP. I wanted to install Opera Mini, but it seems impossible to install non appcenter applications. If you try to download any java application, you'll get an error "Object not supported." It also can't be synced to a computer.The speaker is very quiet, even on max volume. If you're in an area with noise, you likely will not hear this phone ring.But for only 20$ you get what you pay for and this is worth the money if you need a very basic phone to talk and text.

I needed a phone to replace the one that my son broke.This was a great cheap phone that does the job.Reliable and good signal.

Totally good for people who just needs to call, especially for the people who doesn't text, browse internet, and like talking on the phone a lot.

I bought this phone to replace my old one. My old phone would not work in front of Walmart or in it any more. I was asking my self why is every one else talking and texting and I can't even get two bars of signal. Reason my phone is so old. I get very good signal with this new phone where ever I go. I like that the phone has a larger number pad. The phone doesn't have a camera in it. I am a little disappointed. My phone came all most fully charged (30 min to charge it) You can make your own ring tones with the mp3 recorder built in the phone. You can set reminders with the built alarm clock Very use full. There's a lot of extras that I will never use.Please don't ask me how but you can change the cell tower address. I left this feature alone because it is working fine but in the future if need be you can make the adjustments. The other feature I wish it had is a way to send your photos from your computer to your phone to use as wall paper. Over all I would recommend this phone to any one.

My old phone was dead and I did not had upgrade option available from AT&T. I did not want to spend $400 for a smartphone. So until I get upgrade option available I decide to use this phone, battery and reception is great. Its basic phone so does all basic phone things well.

if you're looking for a phone without all the bells and whistles. something that's dead simple, then this is the phone for you.

This is a lovely flip phone with almost all the functionality you could ask for -- except it doesn't have bluetooth.  If you have to be hands-free (say, for driving), this phone is not the right tool.

Can't believe it is so cheap. Great quality, great sound, long battery life, light weight, very durable - drop it as much as you want.

This is not the fastest phone in the world but it gets the job done...and for $20 I can not complain.  Took me longer to open the darn plastic than to set up the phone and save my contacts (I only have 8 contacts).  Bottom line...I can text and call without issues for very little start up cost...

Bought this for my in-law. This phone lasts forever on a single charge! I wished current fancy smartphones can do that!

It's a little misleading in that you really do have a contract of sorts and you will probably buy a lot of minutes that you will end up not using as they expire each month.  I think these phones are a better deal for the service provider than the consumer, but you may have utilization behaviors that actually fit well to these types of agreements.  I ended up returning the phone as it did not fit the purpose I had intended for it.

We have not as yet activated it - wish the key pad numbers were a little larger - will get back to you on this - I must be the only one on the planet without a cell phone

It's a basic phone, which for us is good. But it works very well, is easy to use, and is very inexpensive. Highly recommended.

I'm no whiz at computers or cell phones:  just the basic talk, voice and text messages.  But the buttons on the side of this phone are too easy to access:  a button gets activated at every hand-grasp, bump, to lay it down, falls, pulled from a pocket, every little movement. Even in a case. This is inteferrs with use.

Good for the price. Lost my original phone and had to wait for 5 weeks but was happy to buy.

I activated the phone about 1 month ago, but did not put funds on it right away & went on vacation. Came back and tried to finish the activation process, only to receive network errors. Called AT&T; Customer Service & they would not let me re-activate the phone b/c they said I needed to buy a new SIM card b/c I did not put funds on the phone 1 month ago. Kind of a random experience that most other customers probably will not encounter.Still, I hate it when companies find sleezy ways to get you to spend more cash for a problem that would likely be very easy to resolve on their end with the flick of a switch. Further, while the plans are very reasonably priced, I found out you have to continually put more money on the phone, otherwise your minutes expire (even for the $2/day "only when used" plan). I am told you need to add a minimum of $10 each month, so your prior minutes roll over. I was disappointed upon finding this out b/c I would have liked to have just put a small balance on this phone & leave it in my car to use for emergencies only, or for when I am traveling out of town, & not having to worry about the minutes expiring.

This product (unit) failed.  The unit functioned for a while, but one night about two am, I heard a noise.  On examination, the unit had turned off.  I powered up, but the unit immediately powered down.  Now the unit doesn't even power up at all.  maybe I got a BAD unit, but I "lost" $19.99 on this unit.  The Amazon policy for replacement period is WAY TOO SHORT.

Product has already ceased to operate. It will not come on gives error and goes right back off. The unit while low in price is evidently low in quality as well.

My Smartphone was being repaired so this phone did the job.  I forgot how long these batteries run for.  Anyhow, if your looking for a cheap and simple phone this is it.

The phone itself is a really good phone. Yes, it's basic, but at this price, you can't expect a lot of bells and whistles.  It's sturdy, it's dependable, and it connects to the 3G network without issue, and I noticed little to no voice distortion.  My only complaint is that it's a micro USB headset and those things are impossible to find without paying a lot of money.  In fact, I've yet to find one that doesn't cost more than the phone itself.  I wish this came with a regular 3.5mm jack instead of the USB port, or that they would have included one with the phone.

it is way cheper than any of the others,,And has all i need in a phone.and it is easy to use

I've had this phone for almost a year now so I feel I can give a good review for it.  I bought it to replace another basic AT&T; cell phone that stopped working.  I'm not one of those 'play on the internet all day' people, although I fall into the typical demographic - 30-something, middle-class, etc.Anyways, my wife has an iPhone and she uses it for work and play.  I work a job where I'm not even ALLOWED to have a cell phone on my person and if I'm caught with one it can lead to disciplinary action!  Enter the Samsung a157 GoPhone.  It's a phone that does what a phone is supposed to do - MAKE/RECEIVE CALLS.  Also, I can text with it(sometimes required when talking is not optimal).  I believe it can be used to access the internet, but my plan is for talk/text only so I've got no experience with that.Reception is good, but that could be due to the provider.  I like the sleek appearance and size(it fits in those little 'pockets inside of pockets' in men's pants for cell phones easily.  I can't say that for some of the 'is it a tablet or a cell phone?' devices out there.  The picture makes it appear two-toned black/gray.  That is just the flash of the photographer as it is all black.  It's not made 'vision-friendly' with larger-than-normal keys even though it looks like it could be(I often get ribbed for my 'Jitterbug' phone).  Everything is well laid-out and I don't have any problems accessing my Contacts List or changing Settings.Finally, I like that I paid only 15 bucks for this phone!  I just transferred the SIM card of my old AT&T; phone to this one and 'Viola! - New Phone'.  I once washed it in my jeans and after a couple days in a baggie of rice it was good as new.  I may have sweated a little bit if it were my wife's iPhone, for example, but I knew that even if the 'rice trick' didn't work I just needed to spend less than I would for two movie tickets for a new one.  4 stars for being a good, basic phone.Jae

This is a cheap phone that does the job.  Texting is tedious, of course, but for the price, hey!! .

OK A PHONE THAT IS A SIMPLE PHONE (no camera ) but I bought one to replace my ATT Nokia ,it is light / slim ..only thing back cover paper thin becarefull , but other wise its a great deal for the Buck ,, pick a plan that suits your needs and GO PHONE without paying a lot !!

The phone broke within the first month of using it , I don't recommend it to anyone because I barely used it

It's nice and compact, and the transfer to this phone from my old phone was fast and easy. I don't mind having an older phone like this, and the keys are nice and easy to push as well!

I loved the style of this phone but the volume was not loud enough even when I turned it alll the way up I also could not hear the text messages I got

I just wanted a simple flip phone for my mom, easy to use to replace the old phone she has.  I am not hi tech or mechanical knowledgeable so I defer to my brother, but so far he hasn't been able to figure out how to make it work for my mom yet.According to the review and instruction, it should be very straightforward, you just switch the sim card.  I can't say that it doesn't work because we really haven't tried hard to figure out.  Apparently it's not that simple.As far as the seller, no complain, on time delivery, good packaging.

I bought this phone to be a simple, easy to use phone to replace a slider with a menu that was difficult to navigate. You don't have to use the SIM card for the prepaid plan that comes in the package. I just took the old SIM card out of the old cell phone and put it into this new phone, and that was all it took to switch the service for the old cell phone number to this phone.Something awesome that discovered is that is phone changes on a standard microUSB cable, so if you already have a Kindle charger, it will work for this phone also!It was very easy to add items to the "Go To" menu for quick access to make it silent and to check voicemail.The only thing I don't like about this phone is that it doesn't have a screen on the outside. When a call comes in, you have to open the phone to see who is calling. Not much of an issue for me. It does have a default setting that when you open the phone during an incoming call, you can choose to answer or decline the call. It does not automatically answer when you open it.Nice compact phone that slides easily into pocket or purse! I have been very happy with it!

It's a trip back in time from my perspective or back about 12 years ago when cell phones were starting to evolve into limited multi capabilities.  I got this phone for emergency backup to my main Smartphone (Galaxy Note II) and it's been a task in attempting to remember all the old functions and navigation from the early cell phone days.  Having to actually read the manual to discover the myriad functions I clumsily got through the various set ups to include voice mail, making calls, sending texts, building the address book with current contacts and that sort of thing which is second nature easy on the modern device.A word of caution:  One can easily insert the Sim card backwards as I did on my initial attempt.  Going back, I re-placed it with the notch in the card matching the notch on the inner lining of the phone itself.  Had I carefully read the instructions, I would have known this but haste made for frustration.  The same could be said for setting up the phone with the basic functions so a word to the wise there.  The call quality is very good and once back up to 'old speed', the various navigation movements can be done with minimal drama.I plan on carrying the a157 fulltime in my main vehicle along with the appropriate mobile charger for those times I might forget taking my Note II with me OR when one of the phones is outside its calling zone.  The a157 is AT&T; while my other phone is with Sprint.  I elected to bite the bullet and take the 10cents a call package, paying the $100 for a full year so I wouldn't have to renew the thing every few months or so.  AT&T; dings you for EVERYTHING on this unit!  Checking voice mail?  Ding.  Setting up voice mail? Ding.  It does provide a current standing after every usage as to where you stand with the financials so that's somewhat helpful.Summing up, it's an okay phone and if what you want or need is the basic stuff or, like me, a seldom used backup, I think you'll be okay with it too.

Never worked right and we just trashed it.  There has got to be a better alternative. Just a fluke for Samsung.

Samsung a157 GoPhone (AT&T;)IF A SIM CARD COMES WITH THE PHONE WHY DO PEOPLE BUY A PREPAID SIM CARD.CONFUSED.I UNDERSTAND BUYING MINUTES/// WHAT DOES A PREPAID SIM CARD GET ME?  DIALTONE?????DO UNUSED MINUTES ROLL OVER OR DO THEY EXPIRE?  LOOKING FOR A PLAN  WHERE I PAY ONLY FOR MINUTES USED AND NO EXPIRATION ON UNUSED MINUTES

This cell , and the Go Phone no contract plan,  is fine for those of us who rarely use a cell, , and have no desire to shell out $$$$ for a monthly plan.

Affordable and a terrific basic phone for practical people who just want to keep in touch. ATT was also helpful setting up account.Thank You.

My senior mother, 74, really likes it. She likes VERY simple phones.  She doesn't text, take pics, etc.  Just makes calls if she is not at home and needs something.  (not while she is driving, mind you)  My dad is usually driving. He refuses to use it. LOL  I bought it for them in case they need anything or we need them when they are out and about and we can't get hold of them.  We have went thru a couple of phones but no big deal. We buy the cheap ones. So far, so good.  They are not tech savvy at all.  If they can use it, anyone can use it.  We still cant get them to set the voicemail up properly.  geesh

Simple and reliable. Perfect for a soldier in training and on the go. Everything I need to allow me to talk to my family on a daily basis. Great product.

BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR MY MOMSO THAT WE COULD PLACE A SIMS CARD IN IT AND THAT WORKED GREAT. THE ONLY THING SHE DIDNOT LIKE WAS THAT THE SCREEN/TEXT WAS SO SMALL BUT SHE MAINLY USES JUST FOR CALLING SO THAT PART WORKS OKAY.

There's nothing fancy to this phone. It's the most basic 90's phone you can get. Which is what I needed for my mom. It never got the clearest signal, and would make loud screeching noises from time to time during a conversation. It broke on the second week of using it. The screen went black and there was no way to fix it.

This phone is not authorized to be sold outside of BestBuy and therefore cannot be activated on AT&T; network. Whoever sells it scams the consumer. AT&T; instructed me to return the phone and buy another one from different seller.TO AMAZON reviewers: By not publishing my review you're helping this seller to scam consumers. The device that is being sold is illegally obtained and cannot operate on AT&T; network. I'll submit complain to Better Business Bureau to the fact that AMAZON helps deceive consumers

We bought this phone only to port our home number to, so we could port then port it to Google Voice.  It served its purpose well.

It was okay while it lasted. I lost it hah! I used it to replace my broken phone temporarily. If you like bad reception/dropped calls, this is the phone for you. It's not a smart phone for sure and the keypad is kind of cheesy. Cheap grade material, the back is like thick paper or thin plastic texture...comes off from time to time. Doesn't butt dial and it's super light weight. It is most definitely an old school 1990s phone. Not great, not super super bad, just mediocre. Again, it's a good temp phone.

Meets expectations...in case if somebody does not want to use an i-phone....this could be an ideal set...try it out..otherwise it is just to receive and make calls

bought 2 of these phones for my daughter and wife who are currently in the states. speaking from the uk they are much clearer than her previous phone, tarriffs are good for what we need and they both seem to think there good for a cheap solution to the problem of communicating coupled with internet access and a fairly good battery life, makes for a good all round affordable package

I guess I just expected a phone that doesn't need to do much except call and text&#8230; to last a bit longer on the battery. 98% of its life is spent in standby, and it lasts less than 5 days. But then, what do you really want from a $14 phone. ;)

This AT&T GoPhone is about the worst phone I've ever had and the worst buying experience I've had in a very long time.  I live in a remote area of the Columbia River Gorge and am blessed with cell phone towers that are not too far away, also I benefit from being up high on a hill.  I've had really good reception from all the cell phone carriers that I've chosen for the past 10 years including AT&T.  Free phones have been the best deal in the past, even though they came with a one year contract, with far superior quality and reception. Things have certainly changed. I bought this phone through Walmart thinking they have a good return policy on phones. Walmart had major trouble trying to scan this package and it took a supervisor 15 minutes to wrestle with it before I got charged, I felt bad for all the people waiting behind me.  So I went home and fully charged the phone as the instructions said and tried to activate the phone.  It was really difficult and I spent many hours trying over and over.  I finally got the thing activated, new phone # and tested it,  but the voicemail did not work.  Also, the reception was very poor.  It worked for about 2 hours and then suddenly stopped working.  I was able to call AT&T but the call went to their security department.  Apparently I was being investigated for stealing this phone from Walmart, but they realized that Walmart had failed to scan the phone properly and they told me to return the product to the store and have it rescanned. There was no "I'm sorry, this is not your fault" from AT&T.  So today I tried to return the phone to Walmart since it does not work because of their failed scan, I want nothing to do with AT&T and this stupid phone.  They told me they could refund the price of the phone (14.95), but the card could not be refunded ($25). Thank goodness I didn't buy the $100 phone card.  Problem is I can't use the card without an AT&T phone and I have no intention of doing any business with AT&T. Needless to say, I will not be shopping at Walmart any more.... and this phone is trash, clearly not worth all the trouble.

It arrived exactly as was stated, a throw away phone, It does it's job as I wanted it to. Has a variety of ringers and charges quickly. It has very good sound and must say for the money, a very advanced phone, many more features than what I bought for 3 times the money just a few years back. Would recommend this phone to anyone that does need all the Bells and Whistles that come with Smarter phones, it's phone .

The same identical phone is selling at Walmart for $19.88!! The phone works great.  Used to replace broken AT&T phone.

This phone wont even hold a charge when not using it.  We tried another battery and had the same problem.  Came to the conclusion it is the phone not the battery that is the problem.

This was for my emergency pre-paid phone. I had smartphone with Android instead and it was pretty unreliable and had to be recharged every day. This one could be recharged only once a week and much more reliable.Interface is little bit clunky (prevented me from giving 5 stars), but this interface is very similar to most basic phones have. Does not show incoming phone number unless you open it (doesn't have a LCD display on outside shell) and this takes another second before making decision to pick up or not.

Keeping in mind that this phone is REALLY CHEAP and there's no contract, it's great. Absolutely no frills, but at least it runs on 3G for enhanced nationwide coverage and uses microUSB for charging which all modern devices use. I activated one of these for my uncle. He doesn't want a camera, he doesn't take it with him all the time, and it will be used sparingly. I set it up on the $25 every 90 days auto pay plan and it's 10 cents a minute. That's 250 minutes every 90 days which is way more than he'll ever use, plus it all carries over. The auto pay adds minutes 2 days before the expiration date so you never have to worry. That's less than $10 a month, tax included.. Can you say.. Bargain?This phone does not have an external caller ID display - so you'll have to flip it open first to see who is calling - but if you're like my uncle, it's mainly for him to call out so he really could care less.

This is a phone without all the bells and whistles and that's exactly what I wanted. It is simply a phone that is compact, has decent reception and is quite good at one thing - making and receiving phone calls.I'm very satisfied with it.

Excellent phone for basic use. Battery life, call quality and build is great. No Bluetooth but, for the price it's a good buy.

this is a great replacement phone easy to use and very handy when you need an extra phone, Thank you Mary Evans

No Bluetooth. Yep. I'm not supposed to be surprised--after all you get what you pay blah blah. DRAT! A phone without bluetooth????? Doh.

Everything is perfect except for the instuctions.  For example I had a lot of trouble installing the SIM card.  A picture would have been very helpful.

I had a Nexus 4. I LOVED that Nexus 4. I sold my Nexus 4. Like many, I found myself too connected. I was too distracted with the internet in my pocket. The solution? The Samsung a157 GoPhone. No muss, no fuss. Just a phone and texting device that works and works well. I charge it every three or four days and it rewards me with good call quality and reliable service.

Awesome phone, great battery life, easy to use, I would prefer for long calls. Awesome sound clarity. Would be the best for rough use.

This phone works very well. In fact when my husban lost his phone I ordered another one. Our sim cards worked right away from our own carrier. Would recommend to any one that needs to replace a phone fast.

This is a no-nonsense phone with plenty of bells and whistles to keep me happy. This phone has a good antenna and great voice quality. While this phone is not my daily driver, it is a good spare phone to have handy.For the cheap price this is a good quality device.

You get what you pay for. We needed phones on our visit to the States and these were functional.  Pricing of the different plans are a bit confusing and you can get ripped off if you are not careful in some of the plans. Overall, it served a purpose.  I just hope we can use these again next year when we come to the States to visit family.

this phone sucks key are hard to press i grabbed it because it was a cheep phone and i didn't have any money to spend don't buy this phone!

Not difficult to learn the menu system.I'm a person don't know much about technology.This phone have everything I need.

Ive found this phones qualty to be exelent . could use louder ring tone volum.I do like the clarity and brightness very easy to read.and being a clam shell I dont axidently push buttons witch is a aluss for me  very sadisfiide with it

This phone is very poor software. When saving a contact the menu hangs there saying "saving..." I have to hit the end key to go back to the home screen then go back into the address book to add a new entry. Then when saving, it hangs again. Always!I had to call AT&T; to figure out why my dads SIM card wouldn't work with this phone. Apparently you can't just use your old sim card. You have to call AT&T; on a landline phone, then have them transfer your number and balance to the new sim card because the new sim card that came with the phone is the only sim card that will work with that phone. I think that is a new implementation they set up.The menu won't work in the software update menu. You can't select "continue update" even though when you first start the update it hangs and does nothing. THen it tells you (IF you can access the damn menu) that you  have to wait 24 hours to recheck to update the phone.)The ringtones are horrible, there are only 2 decent ringtones on the phone. One is an old fashioned telephone ring and the other is a nice ringtone that sort of sounds like a digital telephone ring. What a joke this phone is! Do NOT buy this phone unless you don't need to add contacts (ha right) or update the phone software. Samsung really let me down this time. I've used many samsung phones over the years, mostly cheap to midgrade flip phones or sliders. This phone is awful! Don't waste your money!

The phone came quickly and was well packaged. However, after I bought a $25 card to add minutes to it, the phone would not work--no calls could come in or go out. I called AT&T, they traced the phone and said it had been &#34;obtained&#34; at Best Buy and had never gone through the &#34;buy process&#34;. So, it could not be activated..ever. I went to Walmart, bought the exact same phone for $1. more and they used the SIM chip I had bought with the $25 minutes on it. That phone was properly activated and works. I returned the phone to Amazon and am still waiting for a response. I have good faith Amazon will refund my money and contact seller that the phone they sold me may truly have been stolen or removed form Best Buy without a purchase. The lesson is, do not buy things like this on line without understanding all the potential problems.

Bought it for my dad and so far he says that he is very happy with the phone and that it helps him do what he needs which is make calls and send texts.

this go phone is suitable for me, a person has not too much phones. i think this phone is good for the people who just need a phone for emergency.

GEE it seems simple enough............Just wish the keypad numbers were larger (the old eyes don't you know)  Also hard to understand how to get different ring tone sounds......Really lets you know how much money you have left....nice efficient little cell phone.

Although I am a smart phone kind of person, I really liked this phone a lot. It was easy to use and was exactly what I needed at the time. It works very well, although it was a bit tricky when it came to texting, (this is of course my fault rather than the phones) I'm used to the slide out keyboard, but for a temp phone it does the job.

I used this phone as a spare and for emergencies.  It lasted for about 3 months, then just died.  It doesn't charge at all.  I'm not sure if I have a defective battery or unit.  I called Samsung and cannot get a replacement.  It's a dud.  I'm very disappointed which is sad because other Samsung products I have owned have been reliable.

I got this as a cheap, basic talk only phone for my son, who promptly set a phone lock password and then forgot it. This bricks the phone. There's no way to reset it. Fortunately AT&T; agreed this was a defect and replaced it, but it's a lousy design.Other than that, it does what it says it does.

I ordered this phone because I live outside the US and need a telephone while visiting. It was shipped to the address where I was staying. The phone arrived with a SIM card but no telephone number.The day I arrived, I tried to activate the phone. I was told by the AT&T; chat service that I could activate the phone by calling an 888 number. I called, and they could not do anything. They told me I have to go to an AT&T; office.I am travelling, and it is not convenient to find AT&T.; I will have to take a taxi there and back, which will cost more than it would have to extend service on my European telephone.This is the product description: Pay As You Go with GoPhone"With AT&T;'s GoPhone pay-as-you-go service, you get all the benefits of wireless without the surprises--no long-term contracts, credit checks, or deposits. You can easily refill your minutes via prepaid cards or the Internet, or choose to prepay each month and roll over unused minutes."You can choose from a variety of plans that suit your individual needs--including monthly and daily plans with unlimited talk and text messaging as well as a simple per-minute plan. And with Rollover Balance, you can carry over your unused account balance when you refill before your balance expires, up to the account maximum (learn more below)."Frankly, I find nothing easy about AT&T;'s Go Phone.Two days  later: in all fairness, I finally made contact with a competent AT&T; employee via the chat and she dent me a link to a page where I could activate the phone. The process was not easy, but it worked.

I purchased 6 of these for friends the hinge broke exposing wires.  Went to return them and they just laughed.

It's a good little phone...more than I expected. Reviews said it was a plain Jane phone with no added features. It has more than I wanted but the price was great and it's a new in package phone. Took it to the Chat Cat store and they set me up with the minimum 10 cents a minute program because it's just an emergency phone.Very good value!

I have 3 other identical ones, for se when the family goes in an outing. A good small phon with good pans options.

This was purchased as a replacement phone for my  already-existing account  (my original phone was over 5 years old).I am really enjoying the Samsung a157. It's stylish, and although it isn't a  "Smartphone"  with very advanced features, it has far more capabilities than my orignal phone.The quality of sound for voice calls is quite good  (both on my end and the caller's end). The display screen is bright and easy to read, even if I'm outdoors in the sunshine. This is important, as I text rather frequently.The battery life is good, too;  several days on a charge, even longer if I don't make many actual phone calls.

Basic phone, without camera, but does its job! Bought it when I lost my smartphone as a replacement until I buy another one. And this was fine. But I noticed long calls get disconnected in 25-30 mins..

I just needed a temp phone until my contract expires. I lost my last one but still had an extra sim card laying around. bought this phone and stuck the sim card in, A 5 minute call to ATT had it activated and its worked pretty good so far.Absolutely nothing fancy about it, there is no screen on the outside so that's a little bit of a pain, but it doesn't answer upon opening so you can still screen your calls if you are into that sort of thing.For people who don't see very well or want a very simple easy to use phone this is it... takes all of 3 seconds to adjust any setting, all three of them.no camera is kind of a pain but certainly not a deal breaker.If you are either looking for a temporary phone to replace a lost one or a go phone for simplicity, this is a great phone.

This is a great basic phone if you are on the ATT goPhone plan system or if you want to use it with an existing ATT plan. I purchased this inexpensive phone for my dad who is not a big fan of technology and is perfectly happy with this. It doesn't have many features, but if you are looking for a durable fone that has great calling quality and holds the charge well, look no further. It's not a smart phone or meant for continued internet access.

Really its worth for the money. Working perfectly with my At&T sim card. And I got a Brand new SIM card too with this.

VERY CHEAPLY MADE PHONE.  Very poor quality.  Good thing I RARELY use this phone ...I hope to replace it if I keep this line.

It has everything you need for a phone. The very basics. No camera, no apps, just a standard flip phone. Good, simple phone.It only has a couple standard plans, either 50 for unlimited or 25 for 250 minutes. Or pay as you go with some other charges I think. I go for the 25, and it's way better than having my last for for 55 a month even without the fancy stuff.

FOR ME, i have a smartphone, but it distract me a lot. so this one works perfectly for me only calls and msg. good

it has no photo taking...its real nice but directions to activate it is confusing...its nice for a kid not an adult.

this phone  works wellits very basic and i never had issues with it.great product.  thanks so much :)

I got this phone for my dad because he can't get anything too fancy. It was super affordable and does what it needs to. Nothing fancy.

I like this phone and it is very simple with basic.  It came a day late of seller's promised which was not a big deal to me.  It is not too expensive.

Does it come with a sim card? It says it in the description but people are saying they had to put their own in.

Phone quit working after a short period of time, not even worth a being a short-term phone. had to buy another/different phone

Have to repower the phone often to get reception from AT&T. It'll work for a while and then when you try to use it it says emergency calls only like the SIM card isn't recognized. Turning it off and on fixes that but it's a problem when I have to call and my son hasn't realized the phone isn't working, so the calls go straight into voicemail. I bought this as a cheap option for my 10 yo son to keep track of him since he's not ready for a real phone yet and I don't want to pay the big 2-year service plan. As expected he didn't take care of it and washed it with his clothes, so the phone is now dead. It is not waterproof! ;-) Conclusion, he still can't have an expensive smart phone! We bought another GO phone by LG and AT&T helped me swap over the remaining minutes to the new SIM card, but had to do it at an AT&T store and buy the cheap phone they had there. We'll see if the new one is any better.

The phone does it's just, but it doesn't have a camera. maybe this was obvious, but I personally didn't realize that before ordering it.

My nephew broke his phone and we just needed a cheap new phone for him to use. This phone does the job.

worked out well for us, it was complete when it arrived and it is just what we were looking for.  We do not use cell phones except in and emergencies and we use little if any data.  This phone replaced a phone that is at least 12-15 years old.

Over-all a good cellphone for a 10 year kid! Though it lacks camera and storage options.. but it should be good for safety/emergency use for kids to teach them how to properly own an use a cellphone.. before you upgrade to more expensive ones!

This is a nice little phone, but unfortunately AT&T says it was not scanned properly and it cannot be activated, so it is useless to me.

I wanted a cell phone plan that cost per minute use. The ATT plan with this phone is NOT what it seems. I gave ATT $50 in June 2013 and as my wife left, she got instructions to return in three months and I did not question, but returned to day to find. Either we pay another $50 for three months,else lose the original $50 which was almost intact. It is a scam. Don't fall for it. $400 per year is hidden and exorbitant. ATT scammed me for $50 and is the last dime they ever get from me.

I bought this to leave in my truck in case of emergencies.  Overall, I'm very pleased with it.  Programming a few contacts (Insurance, immediate family, supervisor, and sheriff's office) was quick and easy. Adding minutes was simple and only took a couple of minutes ... mostly because I stalled thinking it must have been more difficult.The only issue I have with this phone is that if you press the middle AT&T; logo button it starts to connect to the web (although it warns me first).  My issue with that is I can't change the default setting to something more useful (or disable it).  That is a really trivial point, so no star lost.

I got this last month and got the package without the battery. Amazon refunded 40% of the amount I paid, but it is still a bother to find a genuine Samsung battery for this phone. Also want to mention that this was delivered in a plastic packet and not a retail box. Not sure if this is how they package it nowadays...

This is an awesome phone to have if you don't want a smartphone (either because you have the iPad/Surface or that kind of tablets, or you are fed up of constantly charging your phones due to their battery hog, etc). This phone is great for making/receiving calls, and also has features like FM Radio, and other useful tools. Its loud enough to wake me up and notify me of incoming calls. And best of all - its sleek and good looking that I am starting to go back to the old fashioned world of having a phone that's designed for its prime use - PHONE CALLS!!

I've had this phone for quite a while.Every thing is good.I love my phone and your service.Thanks

I normally only use my cell phone for emergencies, but this phone is very easy to use so I have found myself using it more often.  Switching between text modes is not as smooth as I would like, but for the price & its general use it's fine.

Replacement for the same type phone needed for calls and occasional messages.  Good basic sound quality.  Needed to be reprogramed with SIM card as it would not work with our family plan.  ATT was very helpful and it only took a few minutes to fix problem.

I don't ask for much with a cheap prepaid phone like this.  It does everything that it needs.  I'm satisfied.

Very good phone to have as a standby unit. Has very looooonnngggg battery life. Charge and forget it for a week :)

The one that I expected.

This is super cheap but it does what it is supposed to do at a very affordable price.  I'm happy with it.

Very compact yet capable no-contract phone.  Minimum usage cost is $25/3 months. Any unused minutes carry over if you renew again for an additional 3 months.  GO SIM card is included with purchase (that wasn't stated in description and I wasted $6 on ordering another, which was useless since it can only be used for initial activation.)  Recommended for those who only need service for occasional use.  Used recently in New York City for voice and text and always got a connection.

She loves it and says it is easy to handle.  She would buy another one.  I am glad I sent it to her.

This phone is totally awesome.  It is excellent for text based internet, like Facebook.  I totally love the T9Eab function, such that I find it more useful and quicker to use once (once you get used to it).  So for, cell phones that have a keyboard, generally I feel that once you get used to T9Eab, you will never want to go back.  Additionally, as a bonus with this function, you can add words to the T9Eab vocabulary.It does have a small screen.  That can either be a bonus or a bane.  For me, personally, it's a bonus.The A157 is also perfect for checking one's email.  I use Gmail, and here and there during most days, I use this phone to read my email.Be warned though, there are some features of websites that this phone can't handle, such as buying at amazon.com.  If you use Amazon, then I recommend connecting with a computer with a larger screen.  Thus, though this phone can't buy via Amazon.com, it would probably not be good enough as a computer to use Amazon's functions anyway, and that is neither plus nor negative.  The reason being, size.  If you want a small phone, that is well constructed, and has some internet function capabilities, go for this phone!I personally use my phone as an emergency phone, usually paying just $15.  I spend $5 for internet, and roughly $9 in emergency calls.  That is unbeatable!The one thing I feel that is actually lacking with respect to the A157, is that it can't interface with say a laptop or a desktop to be a source of internet capability.  Yet, for $20, I still feel that you really can't beat the price of this phone for the functionality of it.

If you want a simple phone, just for calling, this should be great for you.There is also the possibility for Internet browsing, but it's really simple so most part of the web pages don't show correctly.

I charged the battery for 18 hours and nothing happened.  Returned the phone asap as it appears to be to fragile to last very long.

I am well pleased with the performance I am able to adapt it to my needs and my ATT program.

I wanted a phone with no bells and whistles just for talking.  I do not even use its text feature.  I needed 3G so as to connect with my at&t Micro-cell range extender.The perfect solution to exactly what I wanted.

I must have got lucky. Phone works fine. Put sim card from old phone in, turned it on and it worked fine. Reception is OK as well as send quality. Menus are plain with no frills. Talk and listen phone. Nothing more.

This phone was unlocked but no gsm, that is the reason It did not like me.

I ORDERED A SAMSUNG a157 which was suppose to be new instead I got a Samsung a107 which was stretched up and broke on the side very disppointed that this seller would send me a item that I didnt order and on top of that it was just thrown in a postal bag with a phone a charger and a book nothing to protect the phone

I needed a replacement for my old GO Phone.  This works great and was cheap!Much better reception then my old phone.I did not need all the garbage on the newer phones.

I got this mobile as a replacement for another unlocked phone, since I did not want to take a new upgrade right now. To attend phone calls and use as a spare phone, this is the best you can find. Better than the other flip model sold by samsung which a few of my friends complain of having signal reception issues.Overall a good buy for a cheap phone

work perfectly out of the boxes.  everything i expected them to be.  works well with existing at&t customers and accounts.

nice basic phone. price was with in my budget. i bought it as a extra back up phone. im gonna keep it for emgergencys

This phone charges for a whole call even if no one answers on the other end. But get emergency phone and value for money.

I got this for my dad, the phone is super basic/ simple to use.  He likes it, i feel it was a good buy.

I got this go phone because my last cell phone died, and didn't want to spend a lot.I currently have a contract with AT&T;, so all I did was add my original SIM CARD into the phoneIt works great, like a normal cell phone with out any extra charges :)The phone itself is actual Black instead of a Charcoal.Extremely light weight. If you have a tendency to lose your phones I recommend getting a cellular charm of some kind.The screen is a decent size. Although I wouldn't recommend this phone for people who have bad eye sight.For the font is quite small.The battery life is excellent.This phone is Not a smart phone.All buttons are concealed, so you will never butt dial or go on the internet randomly in your pocket.For volume control you press the middle button up/down, this includes whether on the phone.The flip action is great, sturdy.The cellular reception is great.I am able to get reception in most of the areas I could not before with my old cell phone.The cellular durability is good.The cell phone doesn't have a camera and it's mainly is for texting and calling.You also can not do much customizing on the cellular profiles. They are basic.You can go on the internet, but I haven't done so.All around this cell phone is pretty cool if all you want is to call and text.I am happy with my purchase and would buy again :)

These are great and so cheap I bought 3 of them last year when best buy had them for $5 a piece. I've used them when i was in between phones, and I also keep some in a first aid backpack because even without a phone plan they are able to call 911 in an emergency.

There is nothing like an old flip phone. For those who do not wish to sign a contract or have a complicated device, such as my grandfather, this was perfect.

I haven't used this phone much yet, as it was mainly purchased for emergency use, etc. but the few times I have had occasion to use it, it's worked fine for me. Reception, when I could get it, was fine, and though the menu is somewhat busy for a neophyte, it hasn't been that difficult maneuvering around in it. And the basic per minute charge plan works out quite well for my needs so far. No complaints after a month or so.

Long story short, my iPhone 4S got smashed, and my iPhone 5 order hasn't shipped yet.  I needed a quick, cheap phone to get me through the next week or two.  This was the cheapest phone I could find; popped my SIM card into it (it requires the larger SIM, but you can still position the tiny sim and it works) and voila, working phone.  Obviously it's basic; no camera, no internet, not even any games, but it makes calls and texts.This is a bare bones "calls and texts" phone, but I have to say it has fantastic reception and works for what I need it for.  If you are in a bind and need a phone for temporary or basic purposes, I would highly recommend this particular one.

Nice cheap phone.  Use for a backup on AT&T.  Holds a charge nicely.  Doesnt have an external display but knew that when I ordered it.  Delivered on time. Would buy again.  Exactly what I needed.

The phone is great but I hate the packaging. So hard to open! However I am enjoying using it so much.

Got dis phone for a friend, who needed upgrade without paying phone company higher price or stuck with added new contract.even walmart couldn't match prices. The phone came in it's original package.Well he's happy camper. Only problem I have with my friend is he's always asking me to check amazon for dis n dat.lol, loves.fast shipping.

Bestbuy said it would and i just tried and get SIM NOT ALLOWED error! It's useless for me as i was just upgrading a basic phone that i used for Prepaid service.

I bought this phone a couple months ago.  From the time it arrived, it kept powering off - even when the battery was fully-charged.  Sometimes it would stay on for a few hours;  sometimes it would make it a day.  Sometimes it wouldn't even make it half an hour.  It did it even when it was plugged in.Dud, I figured.  It happens sometimes... understandable.  But since it was brand new, and since it seemed like a waste to throw away a brand new phone, I went ahead and contacted Samsung email support.  The hoops they made me jump through to diagnose my $15 phone were ridiculous.  Then, when they finally agreed that it was a legitimate problem, they told me that I had to call the support line to create a repair ticket.  An hour-long call and lots of rehashing later, I had my RMA info.  Sent in the phone... waited a couple weeks... finally got it back... and it still has the same problem!  What a waste of time.  As much as I like the simplicity of this phone, I'm not going to waste another $15 on a new one.  Guess I'll find a new brand.

The Samsung a157 GoPhone is not that bad a deal for the price. It does come with the SIM card and the phone is very easy to activate which at that time is when you get your phone number. Phone is light but looks like it will hold up well unless your dropping it. Would recommend and buy again if needed. Perfect throw away phone.

This seems to be a half-hearted effort by AT&T GoPhone to provide a low-end phone option.  It is not competitive with similarly priced phones from Tracfone and Verizon, as it doesn't have an external display or camera, and the screen (1.77") is somewhat smaller than the current standard of 2" or greater.  It's kind of strange actually to have a flip phone these days with no external display or camera.

The sound quality is not good and I seem to loose my signal more with this phone than any other I've owned. It's worth what I paid for it.

We bought this phone for my dad because it is a nice looking and simple phone. My dad doesn't really like android phone, so this phone was perfect for him. Plus the phone arrived two days earlier than expected. Kudos to the sender.

Bought this for an emergency occasional use phone. The phone seemed fine for it's limited purpose until it simply died and would no longer take a charge after only about two weeks. Now it's an attractive paper weight. Next time I think I'll spend a little more for something that will actually work.

I recently broke the screen of my Samsung a107 go phone and decided to replace it with the newer version, the a157.  I am returning it and getting another of the older a107 because of far superior quality.  The a157 has horrible (a lot of times, nonexistent) reception and pathetic battery life.  I live in rural Alaska and need both good reception and battery life in a phone.  Today I left the house with 2 bars of battery life and 4 hours later (after the phone had done nothing but sit in my pocket) I found it had turned itself off due to low battery and I was unable to make even a quick call.  My husband also has the older a107 and when we are standing right next to each other he will have 3 bars of reception while I (with the newer a157) have none.  If you want a simple phone to rely on, especially in case of emergency, I would NOT recommend the a157.  Come on, Samsung!  In three years I would hope you could develop a phone at least as good as the old one (better would be nice!)  In short, newer is not better--do not buy this phone.

Wonderful basic phone just for texting, sending and receiving phone calls.  Love this phone! Good investment.  Can see using this phone for several years.

Two days after receivieing it it went stright in the crash tan! The phone is useless, The battery willnot hold charge

The A157 is a good basic phone for prepaid service if you don't want all the extra features on many phones/smartphones.  Simple, easy to use and affordable pay by the minute service saves me about $600 per year for two phones used.

First of all it is not unlocked. Can not even use for at&t  , so do not spend money on this. Also phone is not charging well . I have to push hard by connection. Plus point is it is new but no use to me. Not worth of returning.

I got this phone for my mom who lives abroad, but needs a phone when she visits me. Prepaid phone is so convenient, this phone is so slim, and easy to use. If you are looking for the basic function of calling and texting, this is perfect.

this phone could not be used where I live, as at&t does not service this area. This was not made available before purchase. Had they done so I would not have wasted 1/2 a day trying to make iy work then calling the company only to find no service was available in my area.

For the price it is all I need even has a camera.I use it for emergencies only and it works great.Easy to use.

The phone does not work properly. It shuts off every second for no reason. It does not hold a charge

Bought this one for my travels in the US and am very happy with it. Can communicate at very low cost ($ 2 a day unlimited including internet) but would like it to have a longer validity for my credits (only 90 days). Still a very good value for my money...

Este celular es ideal, ya hab&iacute;a olvidado lo c&oacute;modo que eran estos tel&eacute;fonos tan peque&ntilde;os, cumple sus funciones principales y adem&aacute;s el precio es insuperable.

its easy to use, practical and sound is clear, keyboard is clear andnot too small or crowded,a good and practical phone.EB

For a cheap no frills phone ,it works well enough and I like the flip but no camera.and my sims card did work but didn't show my contacts after inserting.

Long battery fife, and enough built in aps, make this phone very productive. I recommend this phone to anyone just needing basic services.

I like my simple phone. I wish it had an exterior display, so I don't have to open it ever time I get a call, but otherwise it has good reception and works well.

I purchased this as an emergency phone to keep in the car while traveling, and for use on a pay-as-you go phone plan. It is inexpensive, has all of the basic functions, and works well. Compact, good battery life, good sound quality, sensitive. A good choice for basic use.

I ordered this phone for my brother.  He's not very saavy when it comes to technology.  He's pretty much a call and receive calls kinda guy.  His other phone cracked and I found this one to replace his old phone.  However, it did not contain a sim card.

This phone is crazy cheap and just works. The T9 input system isn't as good as with Sony Ericsson (my previous phone), but again, it's crazy cheap! Good battery life, good sound and reception. If you factor in the price you can upgrade everything to "great".

I got this for my mother as a simple pay-as-you-go phone, and it functions exceedingly well. It's got good, solid earpiece sound, which was needed in her case; her previous phone or two had been too dull for her ears. This is sharp and clear, and she loves it. It's super simplistic, so it's hard to give it any more than 4-stars, but it does what it says it's going to do (which is not much) and it does it well.

Phone work great...Can't beat the price,and the AT&T company is great to deal with. My opinion is to buy what ever you want for a phone, but just go with the AT&T company. You'll be glad you did!

Nothing special about this phone, simple old school phone! Good for people who only want to make phone calls. I would not recommend if you like texting and internet.

It is ok and it does what I need it for so I am happy with it, I only use cell phone for important things or emergency.

This is a nice phone for anyone who is not very "techie" like me. I use it mainly for texting. I would recommend it to anyone who just wants a simple cell phone without all the bells and whistles.I like the pay as you go, too. No contracts to deal with.

This version of the phone is unlocked and it has a great reception. I had a different phone, brand new and in some areas of the town had no reception. I use this phone without a problem. It is really user friendly. Highly recommended for basic plans and for minute cards.

I bought 2 of these. I have a full upgrade account w Att.It wasnt time for upgrade. Done exactly what it says. Both work fine.

I believe this item has really met my expectation. I honestly recommend this item to friends who was prepared to buy one.

Its a very good phone for the price. Cheap and affordable. The reception is fairly well and the clarity as well.

I purchased this phone because it was supposed to be $25 per month for 250 minutes with no contract. A week ago, before my month was up, my call was abruptly cut off because I needed to pay for a new month. So I thought maybe I'd used more than 250 minutes so I paid for another month. Three days later I tried to check my messages and was told &#34;this call was not allowed&#34;. I thought it was a glitch in my phone's address book, but then I had people tell me they tried to call me and weren't allowed. Turns out AT&T wanted another $25 to continue service, so 25 bucks a month turned into 25 bucks a week. Do yourself a favor and get a real cellphone. It does make a great bedside clock though.

The phone frequently powers off and will not turn on again. It gets stuck in the reboot loop and I need to pull the battery any time I need to make a call.Should be fine if I need to call my folks, but not helpful at all if I needed to make an emergency call.

Very basic no frills phone. It's an okay phone if you just want to make calls. Functions not intuitive, takes greeting used to.

This is a very nice phone, especially for the price.  I picked it up on a whim for $20 from Go-Phone section in Wally-world, simply because my prior flip phone's screen went dead.  The only feature I would have liked to have that not on here is the front display.  Has nice and loud speaker.  I use this phone primarily when doing conference calls.  It's a simple, no frills, phone that is dependable and clear.  The battery last forever it seems.  I only charge this phone about every 4-5 days of regular use.  May every couple days when having long conference calls.  This was my primary voice call phone for nearly 2 years. I have a Note II that I use with Straight Talk.  Often times I find myself pulling the sim out of the Note II and putting it into this flip phone just because I prefer it for making and taking calls.  Plus it saves the battery on my Note II for web and email functions.  This is also a great back up phone for when your primary phones battery is dead or nearly dead.  I place my sim card in this phone and keep my Note on wi-fi when at my home or planning to be in a wi-fi location for a while.  I did lose the back cover to my phone and have been considering buying another just so I don't have to talk in public showing my taped in battery... lol..  Really a great phone that has served me amazingly over the past couple years.

The Samsung Phone works great in lowering my cell phone bill. I just need a phone that wasn't a smart phone.Thx again

After reading 22 reviews on this phone that gave it 21 out 22 good reviews, I decided to try this phone. I purchased it for my mother because she lives in a small community where the phone reception is not that good and this phone works wonderfully in her town.

Yeah, see I thought/hoped that the "expiration dates" the description refers to was specific to the refill cards.  Evidently not.  All I wanted was a minimalist phone that I could use in case of emergencies and only pay for the minutes I use when I use them.  UH NO.You'll pay $15 for the minimum amount of minutes.  You'll use maybe 1 or 2 of those for the entirety of the month and then be forced to make a decision.  Do I renew and spend another $15 on minutes I almost certainly will never use and waste money, OR do I NOT renew, have the rest of that $15 worth of minutes taken away from me and STILL waste money?To put an expiration date on minutes is downright despicable.  I shouldn't be forced to babysit a cell phone account and nurse it with flashes of my bank information just so AT&T; doesn't go, "You've got a tidy little sum of money on this account from all those $15 refill cards every month, huh?  Oh!  What's this?  You haven't added $15 in 30 days?  I guess I'll just have to TAKE all of that money.  That'll teach ya for not signing an Unlimited Contract with us ya little s***."Bought it.  Opened it.  Turned it on.  Read the fine print.  Went in the garbage.

Dropped the last flip phone and it never rang again. This is not the same unit has different features but it rings well.

got this for my senior mom, she likes corded headsets ONLY  i had to go though 3 tech steps to find out the ONLY one that works with the phone is the  Samsung AAEP305SBE Hands-Free Mono Headset - Original OEM -...

I used to have a Samsung Restore through Virgin Mobile, because the plan was cheap and I could text and all that jazz. Anyway, I stopped paying for the service because the call quality suuuucked. I could only get about half of what anyone was saying.So recently I searched around for a nice, cheap phone with a reasonable monthly charge that would get good calls. Found this one and bought it based on the good reviews. And I have to say I'm really glad I did. It has fantastic call quality, and the plans are relatively cheap. I never wanted to pay some like 70 dollar a month plan, which seemed like the only option with AT&T.; But this one gets me a 25 a month, which is great.Only complaint--and I expected this with the type of phone I was buying--is that the menu's a bit junky-looking. I can't think of a good way to describe it other than saying that if you think of it in terms of operating systems, the phone's menu looks like Windows 98 when we're living in the days of Windows 7. But certainly entirely useable once you give in and accept the fact that you've still gotten a better phone than you'd normally get for 20 bucks.

If you're looking for a cheap phone to just talk and text with, this does the job. It's not particularly fancy and doesn't have all the fun apps that your friends with iPhones have, but you only have to charge it like once a week which is a huge advantage for me.

If you need an inexpensive phone, this one works well. It does a great job for a really good price.One thing that we didn't realize when we first got this phone. USB Wall chargers and car chargers that will charge virtually anything, don't charge this phone. I can plug it in with its wall charger to charge it. I can use my computer and a usb cable to charge it, but it won't charge with chargers that will charge our iPods or iPads. Rather strange.

I ordered this being I never use a cell... seldon need one but my landline needs a new box so being it was going to take over a week to fix I ordered the phone. It's simple to use.. unlike the smartphone. I believe it's great for ones who don't need the extra details that smarphones carry. It has many features like texting, net and calender... not sure of what it all  has. The sim card that comes with it doen't work to let you send or recieve calls, you need to go to the AT&T store for the sim card for the number you will get (only for new cell phone users) The cost was 25.00... or if you have a sim card from another phone that can be used. Wanted one that would close ... that was another plus for I never carry a purse. It has an easy to carry plug-in or recharging... another plus... I ordered another phone and it came but the keys are too small as is the text... it's more like an I-phone... wished I had kept this one.

This phone is not intuitive to operate, you have to read the instructions which only cover the basic operations. I would not consider this a &#34; smart&#34; phone.  Second, AT&T has not worked out the bugs for activation.  The phone did not show the advertised screen when initially turned on so i could not start the automatic activation.  Instead I had to go on line to the AT&T website where 90 minutes later, I successfully completed the activation!  Choose anything else but not this product.

The screen is small, but displays everything clearly. And I kind of like the keypad. Though I'll switch to a phone with a camera and bluetooth later, this one is good for a short time of use.. Y(^o^)Y

I purchased this phone to use with Airvoice's $10 per month plan and have no problems or complaints after a few months of use. You can use this on AT&T's prepaid plan or use any other prepaid carrier that uses AT&T's network (Airvoice and H2O Wireless for example).

This was the perfect gift for my mom who only will need limited access to a cell phone when away from home.  Easy to read display and numbers big enough for her finger dexterity.  Good budget price.

I just needed a simple phone for my son. I didn't want him to go to web and incrue a big bill and if he happenes to push the web button inadvertently,this phone shows a warning message. Many other phones usually just let you go to web and charge you later. So I like that a lot about this phone. It is also very simple to control the volume. I can hear him very well,too, and the batteries last very very long.It has many good ringtones. over all this is a great phone for calls and text messages.

very Good phone

I buy these for my son who can't keep up with his phone.  With AT&T we just go get a new SIM card and he is back up and running.

Bought as a replacement phone for prepaid.  Easy to use and compact enough to put in a tight pocket.. Good buy for the price.

Flawless. Works perfectly.Having used it for a few weeks, I honestly can't say a single negative thing about this phone or the service provided by AT&T;!

After lots of comparison, this was the cheapest phone I could use with AT&T for just simply making phone calls, texting, and voicemail.  I use this as a work phone when I don't want people to have my personal cell phone number.  AT&T had the best plan for the least amount of money for the most amount of time for a pay per minute plan (10-cents/min, pre-paid $25 which lasts 90 days).

This was a replacement for my 3 year old cell and is better in almost every way than the last, both are Samsungs but this has better features and is faster than the last one. so far I'm extremely pleased with it and I like the fact it cost less than the last.

Not fancy but works for the money I spent on this purchase. It is handy and I use as second line for my family plan.

I've owned so many cell phones over the decades. Motorola Sony Nokia Pantec Apple and this my first Samsung. What a waste of my time and money. It's cheap granted which is why I bought it but no matter how cheap it has to actually work which two of these did not. Just glad Amazin makes returns easy because they both went back as these phones are not worth even fifteen bucks.They both dropped calls repeatedly. They both missed calls repeatedly. They both had wimpy and weird sounds for ring tones. Suppose it's a good thing to not hear the phone when it did ring as the different tones to choose from in the phone were so weird sounding and none of the choices were anything resembling what you'd associate with a phone ringing.The build was creaky flimsy plasticky and LCD screens were washed out dimly lit hard to see in low light and impossible to read in sunlight. Bottom line as note to self: Never buy a Samsung it's cheap and unreliable. Go ahead and spend a bit more and actually get a phone that works.

Great cheap phone. We were looking to get rid of our land line and decided to get this cheapie cell phone to serve as the house emergency phone since our kids dont have cells. Super price, delivered quick and includes wall charger and ATT gophone SIM card. Will purchase a $100 card (which is my understanding will keep the phone active for a year). Sure beats a monthly phone bill!

Switching back to ATT - Verizon does not deliver the bars it advertised ... ONE bar in my home ... 2-3 bars elsewhere.  When my minutes run out ... I am back to ATT - 5 bars in my home.  Phone service is no good (Verizon) if you can't send or receive.  PS Sprint is shutting down stores and laying off hundreds of workers - I am on a boycott rant.

Not only did I purchase the phone, but I also purchased the charger! SCORE.  This phone is probably the most beautiful piece of electroniks I ever purchased.  It even doubles as a hair roller!!!  Imagine the waves I got from my BRAND NEW GO PHONE!!!!!  DOUBLE SCORE.I will start from day one.  I opened the box and out of the box this magic appeared.  This beautiful, black beauty.  One of the popular jocks at school saw me texting on this beaut on day two, and he DUMPED his cheerleader girlfriend for me.  Within HOURS all the kids at school wanted to know where I bought my AMAZING GoPhone!  The nerds had bought them by day three and re-wired them to hook into the announcement podium.  You could only imagine the fun we had on day four.  We yelled at teachers and talked about how stupid Stacy Deen's hair looked when she attempted to make "GoPhone Waves"  (Patent Pending.)By day five I was the most popular girl in my high school and everybody had GoPhones.  I recently dip-dyed mine in pure gold so it would stand out from everybody else's. It only sometimes works now, but TOTES WORTH IT!!!!!Today is day ten, and I can never repay Samsung on how popular the a157 GoPhone made me! I know I will never amount to anything after high school, but at least everybody's talking about me (and my hair) right now!THANKS GOPHONE!

I don't text or use a data plan. I refuse to pay for those things.  I just need a phone for calls.  My phone was toast and ATT tried to get me to spend a minimum of $100 to replace it.  Along came this phone, put in my old sim card and I was good to go.  Granted its cheap and looks and feels like it, but it does what I need it to do.

This is exactly what my dad wanted, he is old school. He likes the small, slim, flip style (almost a dinosouar by today's means) with a speaker and the buttons are just right too.

Great economic way to have cell phone convenience for little cost.Not really for phone addicts, works best for people who need an emergency or low use phone.

I needed a phone that didn't require a data plan. $$  I put my SIM card in it. The battery lasts days with use.

My previous go-phone quit ringing, so I needed a replacement phone.Works perfectly for what I need, since I have minutes remaining in my plan.

I bought this phone and it has more useful features than a smart phone. It is simple and easy to use. The reception is great and battery life is usually 3 days. I had to down grade my phone because of monetary reasons and AT&T requires at least a 300MB data plan if a person has a smart phone (costing $20.00 a month). It has no camera but is amazing for it's price (I paid around $18.00 dollars with my prime membership).

A complete phone even as I lack the need for some of the features. Fits nicely in my Jean coin pocket so handy.
