
I have never had a smartphone before the iPhone 4S and I've realized that I've been living under a rock my entire life! I am constantly wowed by its myriad of features. The 8-megapixel camera is great quality, and is perfect for taking that candid snapshot without having to lug around your other camera. Siri is capable of doing almost anything! From asking her how to get somewhere, to hands-free dialing, she can do it all, and has a fun personality. The other feature I love is the QWERTY texting keypad with auto-correct. I can text twice as fast as I could with my old phone, and in addition, the keypad doesn't make any noise, so it's perfect for that discreet text during class. The only warning I would throw in that I've had to learn the hard way is that when a group text is sent out, everybody that is part of that text will be able to see all responses. So for example, when your wife sends a text to you and her other family members, don't respond with a dirty reply...because everyone else will see it. But besides that the iPhone has exceeded all my expectations! I highly recommend it.

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. There are some things I wish came right on the phone and other things I wish I could just take off of the phone, but over all the phone works great and I love it nonetheless.

Condition said &#34;like new&#34; and made no mention of the music speakers and volume adjustment control being broken.  The phone cant play music on its own and you cannot adjust the volume.

I love my iPhone. I would recommend it to anyone. My only complaint is that Siri is not very intuitive and can be difficult, or sometimes impossible, to work correctly.

Purchased this phone on July 19th, 2013. It was listed as in &#34;new&#34; condition. The phone occasionally failed to switch on, but I was able to get it to activate by holding down both buttons for 15 seconds or so. Finally on or about January 25th, 2014 it failed to switch on and I could not get it to activate. Took it to Verizon ( where I had previously taken it when it would not activate) and they too could not get it to open. I was advised by you that the phone was out of warranty. Took it to the Apples Store ( a 180 mile round trip from my home) where they quickly brought it back by removing the battery and then replacing the same battery. ( basically re-booting)The Apple technician was able to tell me that the phone was originally purchased from Apple in mid 2012 at a store in Las Vegas and that it showed signs of having been &#34;refurbished.&#34;Given that supposition I would find it very hard to rate this provider other than one star. I am very disappointed.

This phone was in great condition as advertised; Ready for and easy to switch account info over to this phone

This is a very good product for the price and shipped fast to couldnt be happier i would recommend buying this if you need a new iphone 4s

Looks and works great !!!!! It looks brand new.. Haven't had any problems ......great deal for the money can not beat it

Hi, I bought the Iphone. The delivery and the product came with no problem, but them I find out that it was blocked.Can I unblock it? or if not how can use? only with verizon network?

Mint condition as advertised. Everything works, good as new. There was a mix up between a sprint and verizon version was quickly resolved with free shipping.

Everything we expect in a phone. The only issue is short battery life because it doesn't last a full day of use, we had to purchase a mobile charging station.

This is an unlocked phone, but did not clearly described, I am very disappointed, because its description misled me. Causes me great distress

I had my 4S for 2 years never had one single issue with it at all, recently upgraded to the 5S. I recommend this phone for sure, definitely worth getting over an android, and they hold a solid resale value unlike androids.

When I tried to activate the phone, I was told the phone had been reported lost or stolen, so obviously could not be used. The only positive thing I can say is that the seller did refund the purchase with minimal hassle.

Wifi didn't work on this phone.  It wasn't from a lack of trying.  I liked other features of this phone and that's why I gave it a 3.

I bought an iPhone 4 to replace my nieces broken iPhone.  I got the unit on time and when I went to activate it at Verizon, they told me the phone was on a Blacklist (meaning it was still under someone else's account).  I contacted justwireless and it took him about a week to finally get it cleared up.  When I did activate it finally, the damn phone kept shutting off.  I am very displeased with the products this store sells.Be warned and be careful of whom you buy stuff from.

The phone came in early which was great! It is a nice phone and looks new. But the speaker for your ear doesn't work and you have to use the loud speaker to talk on it...!!!

Great phone....exactly what I was looking for. Seller was spot on on what phone offered. More of a beginner iPhone but as an experienced user I like the simple ness.

The speaker for the phone didn't work at first, but after a cleaning it worked like new.  Pretty happy with the purchase.

Verizion was able to set it up as promised. It seems to be in primo condition and working well. Came in a timely manner.

Got the phone today went to verizon to activate it,they got the imei numbers and said they were not in the system meaning its not a verizon phone and they cant do anything with it.

After a small issue with the first Iphone 4S I ordered (ended up having a bad ESN which Alex notified me of right away and issued a full refund!) I was able to buy the one I have now. Alex was extremely helpful and efficient. Responded to my emails very quickly and answered all my questions. The "used-like new" Iphone was really more "like brand new". It arrived today after only 2 days of shipping without a single scratch or blemish and works great! The phone also came with a brand new charger, headphones, screen protector and a case! It was Alex's honesty over the first phone that made me decide to buy from him despite finding the same product for cheaper. I would recommend this business to everyone! If I find myself needed another phone I will certainly buy from him again!! :)

I will never shop at amazon again to this date I still cannot use the phone I purchased because there was no user name and pass word to unlocked the device and to make things worst the website that was provided to unlocked the phone was not able to do so

Love the product. Easy to use. Fits in back pocket. Love the features and speed. Would recommend to everyone. Very satisfied.

My son shattered the screen on his iPhone 4, and we were able to purchase this 4S at a bargain price. It came in perfect condition, you would think it was brand new, and it continues to perform flawlessly. Amazon has done it again!

I have buy 4 4s, two of them are in white and others black, all marked used-good, the white is ok but the black really have poor quality, the steel outside if full of scratch and the edge of black glass is broken, i don't think it can make used-good. much more difference like the same grade white I received.

It's great that Apple can't design a product to last more than a year.  I purchased this phone unlocked because i live abroad, and I had to spend a good amount of money to do so.  With the update of ios 7, it overloaded my operating system, and now my wi-fi card is shot.  A smart phone without wi-fi is absolutely useless. On top of that, my battery life won't even last 12 hours now.Great job Apple.  You sucked $550 from me a year ago, and now you want $200 to fix the faulty phone that is caused by your new crappy operating system.  I am seriously done with Apple.  Currently looking at Android phones...

I got this phone on time. Everything works on the phone. I went to paid plus and have it signed up the next day.  There was no problem at all.  I will buy me an phone soon (I bought this one for my wife). Everything work fine and I am very glad that I brought this phone and I am looking on getting my phone from them.  I read about people getting sucked by someone but I am very, very happy that I got my wife this phone.

I found this phone to be a good purchase. It arrived on time and as it was described. I have yet to find any fault with it.

I bought this iPhone 4S from the Amazon Warehouse because of the great return policy. I wasn't sure what I would receive. The condition was described as Used - Like New which was a little too positive. Front and back sides were flawless, the metallic ring (antenna) had dirt and residue which I could not remove so far. The battery seems to be the original one which already shows signs of wear. Might need to replace with a new one soon.First thing I checked if the ESN/IMEI was clean which it was. It could even be activated with Tracfone in the BYOP program.Overall I am happy with the purchase although some other buyers reported that Amazon Warehouse Used - Like New meant really new. But that would not have worked with Tracfone since they require a previously Verizon-activated device in order to activate with their bring your own phone program (modified from their Page Plus acquisition).

The best way to get the iPhone experience for less used to be to get an AT&T; or unlocked iPhone and plug in a Straight Talk sim and get unlimited everything for $45 a month.  There were some drawbacks, chiefly that MMS won't work without a jailbreak or other trick.Now, Straight Talk and Net10 are allowing Verizon iPhones onto the same $45 plan, but everything works without any tricks and, for many people, Verizon's network is king.  Also, the phone can be unofficially uses on pageplus as a pay as you go device or on plans as low as $12 a month.How is the iPhone 4S as a device? Still nearly perfect.  Performance remains snappy and you can still run pretty much anything in the App Store.  The camera remains awesome, and there are tons of accessories available for discounts since the iPhone 5 changed the form factor and connector.Go for it!

The IPhone I ordered has proven to be just as good as the other I had prior to this purchase. It does sometimes get a little glitchy when navigating, but it's nothing that impacts performance.

exactly as described in picture and very pleased with the quality of the phone works like it is brand new

Does everything that I want.  I'm sure there are more sophisticated phones on the market but this phone is beyond my capacity to use all its functions.  Well worth the price.

This purchase exceeded my expectations. I was a little afraid of buying a phone other than new but this phone was in great shape and I had no problems with the hook up.

The bike was purchased as &#34;used - like new&#34; and it indeed arrived &#34;used - like new&#34;. Great condition with headphones and everything.

It showed up in a timley manner and was packaged very well. there was no damage and the phone works very well.

Nice phone for a good price.  If you need a new phone, and it's not time for an upgrade under your contract, this is the way to go.

I was anti iphone but I do like it there a few things that i had on my android that i cant get on this but ill learn to live with it

I got a broken one. The lock button did not work, and a week later, it couldn't take a charge.

Why wouldnt you just get one at apple way cheaper like $99 It is a way better deal and this is so expensive its way to high of a price BOOO

As Advertized the phone was new just not in original packaging, took it town to Verizon and even the sale person asked me were we bought it

I had lost mine and needed one ASAP and that is just what I received!! Great phone! Works Great! I would recommend it!

He loves it.  Still trying to get used to all the features.  This phone replaced a very old flip phone from years ago.

It came in three days, exactly as described and functioning great! I haven't parted with it in days. I recommend!

When I purchased this used phone for my husband I thought it would work just like my phone. I have the white one from Verizon and I have had it over a year. When we got the phone it was dirty. The sound sometimes works and other times won't work. When it works all is well. When it doesn't even the volume buttons won't work. It's strange. I personally love my phone but this used one wasn't in the shape it was claimed to be in. Next time we will wait for upgrade or by new.

We got an iPhone 4S and are very happy with the product.  It came in an unopened package as advertised.  We took it to Verizon and had no trouble getting our number transferred to it.  Would definitely buy from these guys again.

Bought this phone for my girlfriend to put on a prepaid carrier. Needed it to be 3G to avoid any tech playing by myself. It is exactly what a smartphone should be and does what it is supposed to do. Cant ask more than that.

A month ago I bought them to you a cell phone, but I requested a new Iphone and you sent me a used Iphone. It seems to me that you are swindlers. I need you to solve the situation and send me back to my new phone.

How can one write a bad review of the 4S iphone? It works. It works. It works for me anyway.

prefect!amazing iphone .I love it,It is an amazing phone,great function and more details. The person is still very nice.All in all.nice job.

I saw a few positive reviews and thought maybe they were old and how would Amazon allow stolen phones to be sold through their site (?).  So we ordered it.  Went through the whole process to setup with Verizon and of course...find out its not a 'Verizon' phone and doesnt have any SIM card in it.Don't order from this seller

This phone is a refurb.  It would have been nice to know that when I purchased it.  However, the phone is working great and it came with everything that comes with it when it is new...and at a great price.

I am very busy and use my phone a lot for business. I am always hesitant to get a new phone because I hate to "figure it out".This Iphone 4s has been the easiest phone that I have EVER owned and it's FUN!

THE phone works as advertised, but it is not possible to charge the battery.  I will be sending it back for a replacement.Everet Beckner

Although the description doesn't say it's a new phone, it doesn't say it's a used one either, the one I got had all kinds of information from the previous owner. I don't have a problem buying a refurb, but I'd like to pay the price of one, not a slightly lower price than brand new one.So beware, you may be looking to buy a used phone.

Bought this to replace a stolen phone.Hoping to fill my contact, and longer, with this replacement phone.Bad luck with a bad replacement phone.Ripped off twice.

I was skeptical about buying a phone online.  But I did a lot of research and was careful to pick a reputable seller.  I also checked that the IMEI had been cleared and that the phone was set up for my carrier.  I received the phone promptly and had no problem setting up the service.  The phone is just like brand new, but I paid about half the price...love it!

Ok so this is why I only rated two stars 1) the phone came screen scratch (which I don't like personally) when asking him about it I asked if it had any scratches he said back yes from normal wear n tear I said none on screen he said no he lied and when I told him about it he said he didn't understand the question  bla bla bla yea just didn't like it my sis was a ill unhappy about the scratches too but what could we do(never buy from this seller that's for sure)

What a breathe of fresh air. You delivered exactly what you advertised. I would recommend you to my friends and family.

Obviously never opened before, the box still had the plastic around it, came with headphones and charger+cable and manual and those apple stickers. I paid for a used iPhone, but I got a brand new one. Extremely satisfied. I take that as a BDay present (2 days after my BDay) ^^

I got the phone from a reputable seller. The phone was shipped within a couple hours of purchase. It arrived to my office within 72 hours. The phone looked like 8/10 with the described surface damage. It looked great. However, on the first attempt at an incoming call, it is sent directly to voicemail and it never rings on my end. Only when the outside caller attempts to redial does the phone ring. So the result was a ton of missed calls for my business, which I cannot afford.

My phone arrived the very next morning after I ordered it, in perfect condition and is awesome!! Amazon rocks and I'll always keep coming back!

You bought a phone that was supposed to be new and was refurbished, you send it me on a napkin whitout charger or accesories and when i return it rather than returning me 300 dollars that i pay for it, you only give me 200 dollar, abusive. Get unable to retur 80 percent at least.

For years I've heard how great the iPhone is and with every iteration people seem to echo this sentiment.  So, I decided this time around I was going to try it out and see if it would satisfy the high expectations that my previous smartphones had built up.Honestly, I believe there's no easy way to review the iPhone without breaking it into two pieces as the Software and Hardware deserve equal consideration and I feel they help to balance the weaknesses of this phone.I will say, this phone does have some major failings in the Software so if you're just looking to find out how this is different from your current Smartphone then skip to that section.HARDWAREBUILD QUALITYThe iPhone 4s Feels Solid, it isn't likely to come apart on its own and overall feels very solid.  The only area I would consider a weakness is in the choice of Glass used for the display so the phone is very well done over all.SCREENFor the past couple of years the iPhone 4/s had a pixel density advantage over pretty much every phone on the market and the screen featured the best viewing angles from any screen that isn't using Amoled Technology.  Well, not improving the screen size, resolution or technology used in the display has left the iPhone above average but no longer is it the best in any area.With Smartphone screens running Amoled technology viewing angles, black level, contrast and color had already left IPS Technology behind and if that wasn't bad enough all the latest Android Smartphones feature a HD 720P displays using various technology.Of course even the construction of the iPhone 4s Screen leaves something to be desired as many other Smartphone manufacturers have been using Gorilla Glass for a few years now and the glass is proving to be much more resistant to scratching or breaking; Sadly, Apple decided to go with a more traditional glass that is prone to shattering and this wouldn't be so bad but, it has been glued to the actual LCD since the iPhone 4 debuted.  Basically, this makes for a fairly pricey repair and the situation could be improved with Gorilla Glass.Overall, the screen is a top 5 Screen in that it does enough to rank 2nd or 3rd best in many categories that you view the screen but it really isn't in the running for the top spot anymore and Apple really blew their big advantage here by not updating the screen as well.SOUND HARDWAREAgain, this is a very deep area to review and stating it is good, doesn't do it justice!  You see, Apple has used Cirrus Logic Chips for a few years now and while previous Android phones used to use the same technology, they've all gotten away from them for a reason that we can only assume are supply problems (Apple likes to buy up all the chips in advance to give themselves and advantage).Cirrus Logics DSP Chips are honestly known as the best available for Noise Canceling in phones and honestly, there really is no better phone on the market for eliminating background noise while making a phone call.  It is so good that it can be frustrating when you're trying to play something for somebody on the other end of the phone.Sound output for music and movies is decent but could be better and that's something I'll go into later on in the software section.Overall, the Audio is very good and voice quality is top notch!CPUApple uses their proprietary ARM based A5 CPU which is a dual core 800 MHz CPU (it is listed as 1 GHz but speed tests show it is actually under clocked for  battery purposes no doubt). The A5 is a top 5 performer easily and could be the best CPU on the market but not many tests have tested just the CPU so we'll just leave it as being one of the best on the market.GPUTo beef up the power of the phone Apple went with a dual core SGX543MP2 GPU from the folks that brought us the Graphics Technology behind the Nintendo 64.Nothing more needs to be said other than noting this is the best GPU on the market and there's nothing even close to it!  Most expected nVidia to compete but sadly, this puppy is top notch and it shows in the graphics it is capable of pushing!  We're talking console quality gaming graphics.ANTENNA / COMMUNICATIONSObviously, this was a sore spot with the iPhone 4 and it was arguably the biggest ding Apple has ever taken to their reputation.  Well, it is safe to say that attenuation is normal from the 4s Antenna and I personally have not seen any dropped calls as a result of hand position.Overall the signal is decent, not the best but not the worst either.  Of course the biggest issue here is the lack of LTE and I'm not going to lie, this is a problem if you want to use bandwidth intensive applications.Overall, I wouldn't even say the iPhone 4s is in the top 10 for its Communications Hardware as it was intentionally handicapped by Apple.CAMERASThe 4s features both a front and rear camera with the front being a modest camera used mostly for self portraits, video conferencing, or making a short video of yourself.  The rear camera is used for Portraits and video but can also be used for videoconferencing.The front camera is on par with most and doesn't set itself apart.  The rear camera is a top 2 camera with a backlit sensor, wide aperture and low noise considering the sensor size.The 4s, along with the HTC Rezound and HTC Titan, have set the bar very high for Cell Phone Cameras!  The 4s is better at Video with the Titan and Rezound being better with still image capture.  Overall, like I said, it is a top 2 camera on the market and honestly, this is the biggest reason why I decided to try the phone.  While the Competition has zero shutter lag, the iPhone 4s Camera has significant Shutter Lag!BATTERYThe 4s has gotten a lot of press regarding battery life and this really has the potential to be on par with the Antenna issue given the fact that the phone doesn't feature a user replaceable battery.For me, I will say I was disappointed with the Battery when I first got the phone as it many phones using LTE 4G Communications Equipment were getting as good or better battery life.  Of course, after shutting off a bunch of the background processes and location services as well as tweaking the screen timeout and notifications, the battery life was similar to middle of the road 3G Android devices.  So, it is serviceable at best.Bottom line with the battery, it isn't even close to best considering it has a top of the line GPU and Dual Core CPU in the phone and you cannot just pop an Extended batter in it because you cannot replace it!HARDWARE SCORE = 4.0 based heavily on CPU and GPUSOFTWAREiOS was somewhat revolutionary 4 years ago and it is the platform that Apple has chosen to build around.  Whether that's good or bad, depends on what you're looking for.EASE OF USEiOS is similar to that of Windows 3.x in that its basic structure consists of applications, folders and a desktop.  With iOS there's no menu / app draw for accessing applications as they're all right there on the desktop or in folders (each folder can hold a max of 16 items).  Other than these things you have a task manager, search screen, Android Style Notification bar and a unified Settings Panel.iOS is very easy to use and if you can't figure it out, then you should be rocking a flip phone because Smartphones clearly are not your thing.SOFTWARE FEATURESThe 4s has several features built in that are pretty standard among Smartphones and some of these are below average offerings while others are above average.  I'm just going to hit on a few of these that you're likely to use in everyday life.Music PlayerIs a sub par music player.  Yes it features typical playlists, artist, album and song profiles as well as a few EQ Presets.  Where it fails is in implementation.You see, the EQ is actually placed under the Unified Settings Panel and it pretty much locks you into setting one preset if you haven't taken the time to embed presets into your songs, using iTunes on your PC or Mac.  Also, if you've created any custom presets on the Computer, there's no way to sync them with the iPhone and if you've applied those custom presets to your music the phone shuts off the EQ all together!  This is a huge drawback to me and I find it hugely unacceptable.The iPhone is a branch of the iPod line and neither of these can store the EQ presets which is a really poor design flaw when you consider that the whole line started out as Music Players!  HTC recently bought Beats Audio and as that technology matures it is going to create a lot of problems for the future of the iPhone.SiriSiri is Voice Control / Voice Recognition on Steroids and while it can be awesome, we have to remember there are side effects when using Steroids!With Siri, She flakes out at times and just doesn't work at other times!  Now, this is an issue because at no point in time did Apple ever list Siri as a Beta Product when producing their TV Commercials and yet if you visit their site, you find out that Siri is in fact a Beta Implementation of the Software.Honestly, Speaktoit is more mature and less flakey!  Plus, it runs on every modern Android phone (without Jailbreaking / rooting) and not just a single model.iMessageThis is a good concept for integrated messages but it has one fatal flaw!iMessage is basically a unified messaging app for IM and Text messages.  What it does well is seamlessly switch between text messaging and IM as your network connection goes from WiFi to 3G.  What it doesn't do well is Group Messaging, you see if you send a text to multiple parties that works like you expect.  However, iMessage actually passes on those other numbers to the recipients so that any replies go to everybody!  This is a GAPING Security Hole and I'm surprised more people aren't making a huge fuss out of it!Yes, HTC has this group messaging as well but they warn you and let you shut it off!SafariThis is a typical browser and honestly, it can work very well as many pages were created just for Mobile Safari.  The only failures I've seen are where it refuses to redirect to the desktop version of pages when you click on and instead reloads the mobile version but this doesn't happen that often.Overall, Safari is up there with Dolphin HD and Android's Browser for top mobile browsers.CameraFor A Camera as good as the hardware is on this phone, Apple did a huge disservice with the Software.  They basically made it a point and shoot camera with very few settings and this means the image you get is going to be hit or miss depending on the lighting.When comparing Camera Software with likes of the HTC Rezound and HTC Titan, the iPhone is now and has always been woefully inadequate!  You see, HTC gives you control over ISO and White Balance as well as Scene Modes for different types of conditions and they also give you every other setting that the iPhone 4s offers.  This is why the 4s will never have a higher rated camera than other smartphones with hardware on par with Apples offerings.With that said, the lack of control is evident again in the video camera portion and it is behind the Rezound in that the Rezound has 2x Slow Motion Recording.  However, the iPhone 4s Metering is seamless and easily changes without so much as an obvious shift in lighting during recording; this is the best video camera metering in a phone period!Map SoftwareiOS features very accurate mapping as the backend is based on Google Maps.  It will find locations, give you a list of directions and pretty much works okay in this area.  Where this fails is the fact that the iPhone has no turn by turn navigation.  There are apps that will do this for you but, Apple doesn't allow you to make them the default App so they never fully integrate into the phone.Face TimeThis is just a standard video chat app that does what it is supposed to do very well.  It's really a bright spot for Apple because it leaves them with an application that is standard across all of their modern devices and there's no hassle making it work.This is one area that is above average as the competition requires that all participants go get the app, create an account and honestly they often have compatibility issues with the phones they're trying to run it on.  The only exception is Skype which is cross platform but it still requires people to go get the App and Register with the service.KeyboardWith the iPhone you pretty much get the Apple keyboard, take it or leave it.  It is a solid basic offering that isn't going to wow you in any way.Honestly, I find the keyboard a bit cramped and I often found myself hitting the back space key when trying to push M or hitting A when trying to push S.  Crud, not only can you change the keyboard on the competing devices, they all seem to have universal emoticon support. On iOS you have to install the Emoji Keyboard just to get Emoticons to which they don't work with any other device but the Apple devices unless they find an Emoji plug-in for some random Application!Spell CheckingWhat iOS does is more a Spell Confirmation as it waits until you get near the end of the word to show you most suggestions and even then it seldom shows you more than one suggestion.This is way behind the Competitors as they feature a row of options and this honestly speeds up typing as you're able to often tap your words to select them within a few key strokes.SOFTWARE SCORE = 2.0BOTTOM LINEApple Created a very powerful phone with some very good hardware choices but they dumbed it down with extremely poor software choices!  I'll be selling my 4s After only 3.5 Months because to me, the limitations of iOS far out weigh the power of the Hardware!If you're at all using Android to a fraction of its potential, you likely will not be happy with this phone.

This is a great phone and works very well.  Only challenge is I unlocked it with Verizon so that I could use it outside the States but discovered that it was unlocked somehow.  Besides that, its working very well!

I had an issue with Verizon getting the phone activated.  These guys were incredibly responsive and helpful getting something resolved that in the end actually had nothing to do with the phone they sold me.As for the phone itself.  It came in great condition.Rob

Apple makes a great phone there is no doubt.  I bought this for my daughter.  It works flawlessly and smoothly.  The big problem with Apple products are they are proprietary locked down.  Even a charger costs $20.00, and the number of free apps is much smaller than android products.

Phone came in excellent condition. Shipping was quicker than posted.  I got this phone for my son who broke his old one.....as of now he seems pleased with his replacement. Also came with the usb cable.

The Apple iPhone 4s is new, and I am still trying to learn how to use it.  One thing I do not like about the phone is the difficulty adjusting the ear volume; I have just read online how to do it.  I'll try later.  I would apprecite it if Apple provided diagrams and detailed instructions.  I do not feel that I should have to go out and buy a &#34;Dummies&#34; book to learn how to use an expensive smartphone.The design of the iPhone 4s is beautiful.  The icons are colorful and bright.  I very much like that I can watch the stock market on the phone.  I am very surprised that it is so easy to hold in my small hand, and it is so light.  It is a very comfortable phone to use.I can see that it can become an &#34;addictive&#34; tool for every day life:  phone calls, messages, reminders, calendars, notes, ....

My hubby is an old dinosaur who didn't want to give up his Blackberry, my sons and I purchased the refurbished iPhone 4 and now he's in love with the phone which arrived promptly and in excellent condition.

The phone is  easy  to use,  and  the  Iphone  can't  be  hard  to  handle.  You  need to  add your own  contacts  and  setup  the  verizon information when  you activate  the  phone  itself.  Verizon, was  helpful to  help  setup  the phone,  and  walks  you  through  the  steps  to  get  the  iphone  going.This  Iphone  is  a  big  upgrade  from  Iphone  4  and the next  one  to  get  if you  want  is  iphone  5c  ,  but  if you  want  to use your  finger  print  then  get iphone  5s  instead.The  Iphone 4s  has  many  neat  features  from  the  boarding pass,  the  compass,  a  good  handy  world  clock,  and  a  compass  to  track your journey's  and  use  itunes  and  other neat  stuff.Be  sure  to  get  a verizon  based  phone,  its  well worth  it.

Timing of product was great. It was here the first day it said it would be. I had a couple technical issues but the seller was in contact immediately to answers questions. Phone was in great condition and was in it original packaging like the description said. Overall this very pleasant to deal with and i hope to be able to purchase other products in the first

i ordered a brand new Iphone 4S but instead i was supplyed a very badly refurbished one.  There are signs that this has been used before.  The metallic side strip is damaged in more than two places.The authorized apple store says it has Chinese parts and it is badly refurbished

Came in great condition and works great. Activation was very easy, and the serial was clean. Have been using it since purchase with no problems.

Got this phone a few weeks ago. I had a little problem in the beginning activating it because it was activated into the sellers account but we got that all fixed, he worked with me in a matter of minutes and got it fixed. great phone, i love siri, it does have some problems every now and then where it will randomly pop siri up for no reason, or siri will turn off on her own. i dont know why that happens, but its not a big nuisance, it mostly happens when im trying to do things really fast, which i tend to do a lot. i just need to slow down. overall this is a great phone and i recommend you to buy it.

it is good. no problems so far, it isnt slow and i got it set up nice and easily. good stuff

I love it so much its really great. Im happy i ordered from this place. five stars is an understatement.

I got a white phone, while I ordered black. The speaker in the phone is very weak and hard to hear.

I have enough to buy a 4S product performance is perfect, the Internet phone messages are very good. Very grateful to the U.S. Amazon warehouse to give me such a perfect product.

I had a droid phone that I switched for this one. It took me a few days to get used to it but I really love it. This phone is my first Iphone so my review may not be all that fair. I noticed that most of the apps that I had running on my previous phone seemed to run better on this phone, plus this phone had Siri. She's really fun to have.I only had one complaint about the phone itself. In the text messaging it doesn't have a colored flashing light to let you know that you have messages waiting. It's not a deal breaker though. I can adapt! Overall this is a really great phone.

Very happy with the iphone. Other than a small chip on the corner of the phone it works PERFECTLY!It arrived in great timing (4 days) and was able to activate the phone with no problems. I am very pleased with this product and would recommend buying from this user again.

My son purchased this phone. we verified that it was not stolen..  however after it arrived and we went to Verizon to turn it on and it was reported stolen.. we received a full refund, but what a hassle

Im Need more informatio&ntilde; this item I need apple Id and password from passed owner

The iphone cycled upon purchase, so I upgraded to the latest iOS. After that, the Wifi was grayed out so we couldn't actually turn it on or off. Turns out, tons of people have this problem. Returned it.

This phone looks brand new, no joke. I love it, it even arrived Early! I am taking it to get its plan in a couple days but so far I am very satisfied with the product!

At first had a little trouble on activating but the guy was very helpful in his promot response and slove the problem. Love my new phone!!

I received my iphone 4s within 3 days and in very good condition as it was described in the ad. It was almost brand new and no cosmetic blemishes whatsoever. When I went to activate the phone on my existing Verizon account there were no issues at all, everything worked out wonderfully!. I'm very satisfied

iPhone 4s it does what it is supposed to and was in excellant condition when I got it.

I love my iPhone 4S and am so happy that I bought it. I had always had androids before, and there are times that there are things that I miss on how they operate, but I just might never go back...

1st phone would completely discharge after 2.5 hrs.  Automatically mute itself so you couldn't hear it ring.  Voice quality was fuzzy.  Seller was not easy to deal with and after shipping the phone back to him, he denied there was anything wrong with it and was going to charge a 6% restocking fee!!  After finally convincing him of the issues, he did send a working, quality phone.

The phone is in like-new condition and it was exactly as it was described!  I am extremely happy with this purchase!

Came just as advertised brand new! Was a Xmas present to my daughter. Got it set up and works just great , I already have 2 others so I knew what to expect and seller was very quick on delivery. Would buy again!

I couldn't get an upgrade so I bought this online and it ended up working out perfectly. It came in on time and it came with the original box.

I especially like the speech to print feature. This is a great phone, no complaints, and it arrived much earlier than expected.

Great phone love it it's just like the owner said new phone works good I love this kind of phone

I purchased this item as a xmas gift. I must say the item arrived way begore schedule. I checked out the authenticity and all was good. Im very happy.

I ordered this phone reluctantly due to some of the negative feedback. However, it arrived on time and I have had it for three months now and I love it. It works great and looked brand new in the packaging. I am very pleased!!

Although this Verizon iPhone 4s is in great shape for a used one, I have not been able to use its international GSM capabilities abroad because has been blocked by Verizon with the complicity of Apple. The later does not unblock the iPhone without previous approval from Verizon; and Verizon does not unblock the international GSM capabilities of this units unless the owner (me or anyone) is  a Verizon customer in good standing for at least two months. Sound like a monopoly? Seems unfair? Sure it is! I call Verizon Global Services and they told me that story and said that I should try that Amazon Warehouse (the seller) unblock it on my behalf. I tried to make it work with Kolbi 3.5G Costa Rican network, using its SIM card, buy the cellphone keep on asking Verizon unlocking code...

This phone is poor, the net will be out of the earpiece inside the shell is significantly changed his hold on the screen will appear corrugated, the most serious is the standby will be fever, seeks compensation me, and now I am angryThis display is replaced, received only one phone, no other accessories, this seller is rubbish

This phone is badass dude. I  just so happy with it. I can surf the web and manage my business.

Had to purchase a new phone, dropped mine in water, this phone worked just like my old one.  In very good condition was really impressed!

this phone that i ordered from this CadamL was a piece of crap, the speaker was busted on it and it didnt work properly, after trying to fix it, not aware that there was a month i had to get it back to this sorry ass vendor, i wrote him when i finally gave up on it and it was to late to do anything with and he told me and i quote, "The speaker works perfect and you had the phone for a month! The phone was in perfect condition when I sent it. The phone had insurance from UPS take it up ith them! No refunds you had for over a month with insurance from UPS! It's no telling what conditions the phone is in now!!" ............ now tell me this, how do you figgure that you get insurance from ups????? ok A$$4013

It was shipped fast and safe. And the product was in perfect condition and it works great!!!!!!i am very happy with it!!

I purchased my previously owned Apple iPhone 4S 16GB from an Amazon seller and love it!!  I am a previous Blackberry user and am quickly adjusting to the touch screen and availability of apps.  I would definitely recommend this to other Blackberry users who are thinking about making the switch!  I also love that I have all my music available at all times with me instead of having to carry two devices!!  Well worth the purchase!!

Thank you so much. Fast and works perfect. If I didn't fid that I don't think I would have gotten another iPhone

I needed a replacement phone as I ruined my iPhone 5 last October. The phone arrived in a timely fashion, great appearance, but better yet it has been working flawlessly. Plan to get one for my husband.

Was very worried to buy a cell phone off of amazon but it was perfect absolutely no problems with it. Still using it

I've had the phone five or six weeks and the battery has been a big, big disappointment.  The rest of the phone is okay.  I like the smaller screen.

it can't unlock,but the phone is great good.12 more words required.  Apple iPhone 4S 16GB (Black) - Verizon How do you rate this product?

Finally switched to a smart phone and I am VERY happy with this Iphone. Still learning how to use it, but so far all is great

This seller was great even sent me an upgrade phone from what was in the desciption. Didn't arrive on the date it was suppose to but  he refunded me some of my money back. i would definitly recomend this seller to anyone. They were very understanding and would take care of any issues you have. I would defenitly go back to this seller for any of my wireless needs. Also this seller is very good about contacting you if needed. Very Happy with the phone everything works and looks like its brand new. I would actually rate this seller on scale 1-10 i would rate them a Big 8 because evrything almost went as planed thanks so much for everthing. Kevin

It's a phone.  The battery is poor and only lasts about 24 hours with low level usage.  The screen is unresponsive in the lower left hand corner when the phone is held vertical.  The charging cord that came with it doesn't work at all.  I have to use the cord from my ipad to charge it.  Screen changes occur without input from me making usage awkward at times.  It must have been an imperfect phone.

This phone is really great and I love having it. It basically does everything that I need it to and more

Initially I had reservations about buying a refurbished iPhone, especially online, when you cant see your purchase beforehand.However, the price difference between a device from the Verizon store, about 200 dollars, is hard to deny. happybook1 put me at ease with her prompt email responses and patience handling my questions. I contacted her during the weekend, expecting hours or even days before a reply, but she emailed back within 20 minutes. When you buy from her store, you'll get almost an immediate email detailing your purchase and its tracking code, as well as an entreaty to take up any complaints or issues with her, which she will resolve to the best of her ability. I placed my order for an iPhone 4s- locked to Verizon on Saturday, and received it Wednesday, two days before the earliest delivery estimate, secured in a bubble wrapped envelope that was placed inside a tightly taped Priority cardboard box. The phone was in better condition than described, looking brand-new to all except the most discerning eye. It also came with new Apple earbuds, a USB connector, and front-and-back screen protectorsWhen buying an iPhone, or any other smartphone online, one runs the risk of getting a stolen item or encountering other ploys by unscrupulous sellers. I highly recommend happybook1 and am very satisfied with this transaction

think so its going back and i will not pay for it. i will send it to same address. now

The phone is in good condition the ear phone plug area is a little shaky. Overall the phone is working well.

Exactly what they promised, excellent condition. Came with the charger and was completely ready for activation. Recommend, especially at this price.

I picked up a Verizon iPhone 4S on release day to replace my existing Verizon iPhone 4.  It is an excellent, reliable device that excels in making phone calls, texting, emailing, and all the other stuff that one would expect from a smartphone.  I have not had any of the battery life issues commonly reported on the web.  I'm not sure if these issues are due to a bad batch of batteries or if it is a software glitch, but regardless of the cause, I have experienced no battery related problems at all.The value of the iPhone 4S really depends on what type of phone it is replacing.  For anyone with a 3GS or older or any other branded smartphone, this phone is an excellent choice.  If you are in the same boat as me and already have an iPhone 4, the answer is not so clear.  If I was limited to one new discounted phone every 2 years, then I would have stuck with my iPhone 4 and waited for next year's model.  Fortunately, I have a family plan with multiple lines, all of which I pay for, so I am able to upgrade yearly without any pricing issues.  I do not think the 4S is enough of an upgrade from the 4 to justify the upgrade if it means you will have to miss out on the iPhone 5 (or whatever it will be called) in 2012.  Yes, the 4S is a little faster, Siri is pretty cool though not essential, and the camera is a tiny bit better, but other than that it's pretty much the same phone.  I would wait for the iPhone 5.Having said that, it is a great phone.  The extra speed is noticeable.  After owning the 4S for a month, I switched back to my iPhone 4 for a few days to see if I could notice any difference between the two phones, and the 4S is definitely faster.  The camera is a bit better as far as getting less noise in lower light situations, but the 4 has an excellent camera too.  I doubt switching from the 4 to the 4S is going to make a monumental difference in your pictures.  If you really want better photos, save your cash and buy a book on art composition - improving your composition skills will make a much bigger impact on your photography than spending cash on a new camera.If I could only pick one phone to have today, the iPhone 4S would be the one.  But if you've got an iPhone 4, don't blow your 2 year upgrade on the 4S or you'll be kicking yourself when the iPhone 5 comes out in a year.

Not only was this not an iphone 4s (it was an iphone 4), when we decided to keep it anyway and activate it, Verizon refused to activate it as it was listed as a lost or stolen phone.  This was a Christmas gift and pretty much ruined Christmas for us.  We returned it and received a refund.  I used amazon instead of buying locally to avoid this type of situation.  I was told I would be given an amazon credit for all of my trouble and have yet to see that.

the purchase and product was a very good choice. everything went very well, purchase, shipping, and product is what you would want

Phone works fine with everything, just the battery issue, it dies too quickly. I dont know if its all 4s or just this one. Over all the phone is fine. Thanks.

I bought it for my son. He and i were both impressed with the condition and quality of this item, very satisfied. two thumbs up

I do love my iphone 4s!so easy to use and Siri is such a plus and Facetime with the grand children is fabs! But be careful not to Drop it and shatter the lens. The insurance was 100.00 deductible (not mention when I bought it) and to just let someone fix it cost me$91.  Verizon should address that issue along with a short battery life. That being said I do love the ease of use for an oldster.

Bought for my wife. I found the camera on the 4s is even better than my Samsung S4 which is 13M.

I purchased this and got it within a week.  The cord was not working.  I sent a note via Amazon to the buyer, he responded in 5 minutes, and he replaced the cord with a new one within a week!  I am loving this device, though refurbished, I couldn't tell if this was new or refurbished.  Iphones are the best and stream to your other apple products with ease!

Very helpful when I had the issue and then phone started working on its own. When I originally contacted them I was not happy with the response but as soon as I wrote the review they were more than happy to help me with my issue and it was corrected quickly.

I love my new iPhone, I would recommend this to anyone looking to buy a smart phone. Such a great deal too. Thank you!

It is a great phone.  The only problem on this phone we can't seem to be able to turn up the sound very loud.  We have iPhones 5 c and 5a and they can turn loud.

The phone arrived within the delivery time and the first one had a camera issue but the seller quickly and eaily sent me a replacemnt and refunded the cost to ship back. For being not-new was in great condition. no scratched on screen or visuable scuff anywhere. chargers great and all feature are in working order. Still impatient to set up with my verzion plan. Also, anyone trying to get a phone for straight talk-- iPhone 4S Verizon Carrier will NOT work, just for anyone who like me were searching. Try an At&t or t-mobile, just a different carrier then Verizon for the iPhone.

Phone use is no problem, but the appearance of a deep scratches, and described as new businesses do not match, is in use, quite satisfactory.

Worked really hard to find a price that would fit my budget and found this 16GB; which has enough space for my day to day activities. I would buy a second one if i could.

The iphone came in on time and was in good working condition , still going good after 2 months.  I will upgrade to 5 stars after 1 year.Jay

I ordered a iPhone 4S but I received a iPhone 4 this phone does not have the Siri option . I was not pleased but what can I do about it.

everything jst as it said except for the lock phone  which i have to spend a few more $ to get unlock

Unfortunately although it was working and had insurance coverage, the &#34;Home&#34; button didn't function after the first hour of use and the process to return it meant that we had to pay the deductable of 150-250, or for the price of the whole deal we could have spent an extra 50 dollars for a &#34;BRAND&#34; new 5C when we got this.  Only us to blame.  We bought a Z1S to replace it and have not looked back at the Apple product.  or Verizon.  Go T-Mobile.

The phone arrived with all of the original packaging and materials. The earbuds and charger appeared to be brand new. The phone itself had no marks whatsoever and appeared to be barely &#34;used&#34;. It was as described.I am still getting used to an iPhone after being a Droid user, but the phone itself and the seller were just as advertised.

good night friend, I write about the following I wonder if the team is released or unlocked for any carrier, I'm from Venezuela and I would use it with movistar .... number of defects that have the equipment, is unlocked, it has very specific details and clear please your sincere and honest answer depends on my purchase

My iphone was stolen and I needed to replace it. This was a great price. Came in earlier than estimated. And the scratch that was on the back I couldn't even find. It looks brand new.

I received the phone and when version went to activate they could not. They figured an old balance was still on the account

Great experience from beginning to end. Someone stole my first I-phone and I ordered from another company at first and did not get what I wanted. I was a little hesitant at first, but, it turned out to be the best decision. Great customer service,affordable price, I was able to use my AMEX points as well, timely delivery and new out of the box condition phone! What a peace of mind!

When i first got the devise I ran it to the end of its battery.  When i went to turn the phone back on after 10 minutes of charging, the phone would not turn on.  It took multiple attempts to finally revive my phone. This happens every time I must turn on my phone after running the battery dry.  Sometimes the phone would not turn on for days at a time.  Yet it still showed the sign of charging with constant vibrations.  Within a week of owning this $200 phone, the display started to glitch.  I had not dropped the phone prior to this occurrence. As time went by the functions of the phone were quickly self-destructing.  2 weeks into owning the phone I was un able to use the front facing camera due to extreme glitches which disabled me from operating the devise in that app. I stopped carrying for the devise because of its worth, so now there is on hair crack on the screen.  But this crack in the screen occurred even with the &#34;life-proof&#34; case fastened to it. Fast forward to 3 weeks later, I could not type. The keyboard was extremely difficult to use due to the constant glitches.  5 weeks after I owned the device, it completely broke.  The phone will not turn on.  I expect to get reimbursed.

I was very unsure about purchasing this phone at first, especially due to some of the reviews... But them being old reviews, I just took the risk and purchased it anyways! I received it today and so far everything seems to be working just fine. Already comes with ios7 installed and original charger and cable come with it as well. Phone is used, it has normal wear on the silver edges, but nothing to the point of complaining. I also got it activated without a problem :)

The iPhone 4 and 4s differences.-iPhone 4s has Siri-IPhone 4 has voice control-iPhone 4s has 5 element camera-iPhone 4 has 4 element cameraiPhone 4s has better intennaiPhone 4 has great intenna with death gripThose are The biggest differences of the iPhone 4 and 4s

Phone use is no problem. Condition said &#34;like new&#34;, but I'm not satisfied with it. I hope it is real &#34;like new&#34;.

Had the iPhone for 3 weeks when it started to turn off on its own.  Unable to restart.  It keeps showing the blinking apple and when it does finally work I'm unable to send a text or use any applications.  This is my only phone so my frustration is very high.  Tried connecting it to iTunes and it corrupted my iTunes account and when I tried to delete and reinstall iTunes, it put a virus in my computer.  What a mess! Very Displeased!

I don't like the prices. I am not impressed with their customer service. The thing is their products perform brilliantly. I have IPad, IPhone, Mac Pro, and Itouch in the house. They are easy to use and trouble free. I just wish they weren't so greedy and they manufactured devices in the states. Their history of exploiting workers in China is terrible especially considering the profit margin they maintain.

i got an amazon gift card when i did my taxes...that was my first mistake. once i got the card, i had to spend it...i looked at phones and ordered a cheap iphone...but after i month i realised it was not coming...i have asked for my money back...

Got to me in great timing, was hekoed quickly and efficiently when a problem arose with activting it. It's like brand new, I could recommend the store to anyone, great quality in everthing! Thank You!

This iPhone was exactly as depicted. At first I was skeptical buying an iPhone off Amazon but it worked and at a great price. When I went to charge the iPhone it didn't turn on so I contacted the seller and they agreed to take it back. Luckily I tried a different charging cable, the one they provided didn't work.the phone works great

I received exactly what I ordered. Very happy with it! I did think it was going to come with a charger and it didn't but I believe that was my mistake. Great price for it and thank god nothing has been wrong with it at all. Supper happy and satisfied.

Thanks so much for a smooth purchase and A+ service.  Will be giving this phone to my sister for christmas and am very stoked to have gotten such a great product at such a reasonable price.  Cheers!

You'll need to carefully inspect items from this seller as soon as they arrive. One of the iPhones I bought definitely had a defective battery, and I caught that early on and sent I back for repair. Now I see that the black phone's battery won't even last through the day, and will need to be replaced, also.

Excellent phone. Use it heavily everyday and it works perfectly. Easy to use phone. I'm in love with this phone

The WIFI has a problem&#65292;can`t  work.and the battery is very bad,only can work a few hours. is a bad shopping.

Phone is great. Just as described.  Was a great sale  works great this is rediculous having a limit of words

my wifi for the phone is not turning on anymore, you gave me a useless phone and now I have to get a new phone

Great phone!  So I decided I'd had enough with Verizon's crap with my old plan, didn't want to lose my unlimited data, and  didn't want to pay full retail price for a new phone to upgrade my wife's old Samsung first generation junker. So I made a vow to search Amazon for a good deal and sure enough one was found! No matter what you are looking for you can find it here!

Even though the phone is used and I was expecting cosmetic damage, it looks practically brand new. I am very happy with my purchase. I had an Android that wouldn't charge before I purchased the 4s, and I most likely will not be going back to Android based on my experience with my 4s.

I try to activate the iphone 4s in front of the Verizon wireless, but the service told me that the iphone 4s I just bought from Werehouse Deal is a stolen one!!!!

Second IPhone I've ordered from Planet Mobile.  Both were gifts for others and they both loved their phones.  No issues activating.  Shipped and received pretty quickly, less than 5 business days in each case.

I sent a msg to the place that i purchased the iphone saying that the phone is an iphone 4 and not an iphone 4s as i puchased for, i didnt get any answer from it. I am really upset about it. i want my money of the difference back!!! I am from Argentina and i cant exchange the phone but i want the money of the difference in my credit card back.

When I received the iphone  there was a crack on the back of the phone across the camera eye.  It was mentioned in the description before I purchased the phone, it had no scratches or cracks.  That statement is misleading.  I would not use the vendor again.  Thank you, pw

Straight forward and good purchase. Only complaint is that the charger that was included with the phone is fragile and doesn't work. Needed to get a new charger, but overall I was happy with the purchase.

I submitted my IPhone 4S for trade in, this phone is in new condition and fully functional.  It was declined as apparently the person who examined it says &#34;buttons not working&#34;, this is an out right inaccurate assessment and the phone is in perfect working order.  I can only assume the person who evaluated the phone found the phone was not charged or the evaluator did not connect the phone to the charger and test the buttons.  The phone is now on its way back to me and I will see how it returns, I have read other reviews on Amazon Trade in, in regard to Trade in for Iphone and see similar experiences.  Its a shame since I always had confidence in Amazon, apparently this is no longer the case....

It was shipped to my house within three days.  No bruises and cracks were on the phone.  All the information they provided about the phone was correct.  Transfer my Verizon line to the phone without a problem and didn't have to pay any fees or get a new contract.  I will purchase another phone in the future with them when my phone become more out of date.

I recently bought an iPhone 4S from this seller. When it arrived it looked fine. We went to Verizon to set it up- and here is where the problem started. The camera light would not turn off, the tech said that's a sign of water damage and it was literally draining the battery at very rapid rate. I booked a Genius Bar appointment at apple to see if it could be fixed. When they opened up the phone they discovered it has been tampered with, voiding the warranty and the light was not repairable.Contacted the seller who sent us another iPhone 4S. POTENTIAL BUYERS READ THIS: given our issue with the last phone we booked another apple store appointment just to have the phone checked out. It's even worse this time around, the apple tech said it had been tampered with and cautioned us to get rid of the phone as soon as possible. When I pushed him for details on what was wrong with the phone, He said the phone had been tampered with to the point that it can be used for IDENTITY THEFT, basically opening any accounts used on the phone and getting account information- he wasn't supposed to tell us this but thank god he did! Almost everyone I know has a banking app or email with very private information.No matter how much it ends up costing you, do not buy from this seller. I'm fairly certain all of the positive reviews are from people who are none the wiser and never had their phones inspected by an apple tech. Remember that it takes over a year to get your identity back if its stolen, not worth it for a used iPhone.

The phone came so fast, like within a week. It was shipped right after the holidays. It has the same description like stated. Clean, co scratches. It was so frustrating when my phone got stolen on Christmas week. So I was looking and searching to buy a phone with an affordable price. The price was good and I needed a phone.

I was very nervous about ordering this phone USED and ONLINE. Unseen. But I received it, and it is in great condition. Came with an old case, but I had already ordered an otterbox, so I replaced it quickly. I also downloaded the new IOS. So happy with this phone. Happy with the delivery. I've had an iphone before, so it feels good to be back.

Looked brand new even though it's used! Works great! I love the design and the iPhone is the best phone

Hesitated to buy used but this phone works great, arrived at record speed. i'm very happy with it and will return to purchase another time.

Works great! My daughter was thrilled

The phone was in good condition. But it was not unlocked as advertised. I bought phone since it was unlocked and I could not use it.

I broke my other 4s trying to change the screen so I had to pay up, now I have it replaced and done so by a great seller.

1)I told MobilePC i want to cancel this order just on the day after i made the order, MobilePC said the order was in process and cannot make it sure to cancel it.2) But the shipping speed is too slow;3) The return to MobilPC is not free as Amazon do.All this made me very disappointed and my first  shopping on Amzon is  a despair  experience.

I chose this phone because so many friends and family had and love them. Takes great picture, actually has voice that talks to you for help, does smart phone functions, looks great, easy navigation, nice looking.cons: returned to seller - does not accept all CDMA carriers, only verison for this phone. Antiquated technology, cannot add memory, cannot replace battery, very small screen. Went to Samsung Galaxy 4s.

Best phone I have ever had!!!! I thought it would be hard to switch from and android phone to apple, but I was wrong!!! I love my iPhone!!!

This was a gift for my son and he LOVES it. He said he was surprised what great shape it was in. The shipping materials could have been better but the phone came through in just the padded envelope without a scratch.

The only problems is: The I-phone doesn't continue to remind you that you missed a telephone call. The ring tone could be elevated. It is too soft.

Although purchased through a company that stated that they ensure the phone worked... there was still a number attached to it and therefore could not be activated. I had to return the phone. Still waiting on credit, but it has only been a little more than a week.

gave the phone as a gift. she loved it and is wearing it out. no problems as yet. good deal!

I got the 16g black iPhone 4S, and it is amazing. It arrived super fast, and in brand new condition. I was able to take it to Verizon and activate it no problem. They did a fantastic job, and I would recommend them to anyone.

I wore this for long runs, even my half marathon. It fits well over the bare arm or even on top of a long sleeve shirt, though it might slide down a little sometimes.Fits well, but you must remove your phone case. Also, I like to stuff my credit card in as well so I can shop for food after a long run, or else I won't make it home in one piece.

They did such an incredible time. The phone got here before it was scheduled and is in tip top shape. Runs perfect and they are very efficient.Highly recommended!

we saw others had good success with mango wireless however when this phone arrived, the id numbers used by Verizon to activate the phone were covered with another label - hidden.  Verizon was unable to activate the phone which was to be a replacement for another phone.  What a waste of time and energy.

Not happy with my IPhone 4s and would not recommend buying one. I had nothing but issues with it from day one. Started out changing my favs to numbers and now started that and then deletes my contacts. My suggestion isto check the apple forum on problems. I was told by a apple store tech that the problem was just my phone but obviously they don't check the forum , it's not my phone but there are a few others and the software they use is the probably the cause of the issue now. I planning on another phone and using the iPhone as a target.If it wasn't for these issues it would have been a good phone.

Unfortunately my purse was stolen 3 weeks ago with everything in it including my iPhone.. I was at a loss.. Naturally I was very apprehensive about ordering a phone online because mine was stolen.. I have to say that I so completely pleased with the person I chose!!! The phone works great, had no issues activating it & arrived before I axle cited it to!! I would absolutely order from them again & refer them as well!! Thank you so much!!! :-)

Deleting this item because when trying to move the selected refurbished iphone 4s priced at $325 from cart to wish list, the item is continually changed to one priced $429. I am not interested in the item at that price, but only in the item on which I clicked. I don't get it.

This phone came in great condition and everything was included in the package.  I have not had any issues at all with the phone since.  Great purchase.

My wife had a droid 3 that started to lag badly. I thought she'd like the iphone for its simplicity and just the fact that iPhone work. She loves the phone.

Its a great product but is a little on the fragile side given the amount of class in the phone.

She never puts it down. Works fabulously. We haven't had one issue with it. Very happy with it. Glad we bought it.

The 4S is a great phone, I never realized how great until it was trade in time and I got a 'Droid phone.  Sure my iPhone is only 3G, but I don't use the hotspot feature that much to really care, as an internet client browser it is excellent.  In terms of functionality, well all of it's apps work, I can't say the same thing for my Android phone,Sure I have a Mac Mini at home and everything integrates well, which is how it should all work.  I actually do some Mac programming and I'm a long time Unix lover so the mac is perfect for me, my phone, which runs the latest and greatest OS does so and will continue to because Apple doesn't fragment their iOS distro unlike other companies.  There is basically one platform which makes life simple for developers...enough of this stuffThe bottom line is that it works, from Siri to browsing, texting and integrating with my desktop.  When it finally dies, I'll get a new iPhone,  Foxcomm might suck as a company, but they make some great products,.

With the holidays and such the item was slow in getting to me.  But once it came it lived up to my expectations.

These phones are all non apple/genuine parts usually of cheaper quality.  You are not getting a genuine iphone.  Even the glass is a cheaper glass.

The truth is, they are both fabulous pieces of equipment that we are all very lucky to have in our lives.  I actually remember having a 4 digit phone number and 5 people sharing the same line!!  But, for reasons subtle which I am not even totally conscious of, I love my iPhone and I didn't love my Android.
