
This phone is fantastic. Rated 5 stars because I can't do 4.5I have a couple of gripes:1. No removable battery - the phone has great battery life, and a hard reset option built in, but if you run out of juice you can't swap out the battery.2. No SD card and only 16 GB storageOther than that, this phone is amazing! Super fast with a gorgeous display - this phone has one of the best displays I've ever seen. Almost as sharp as the iPhone 4s, and much larger.AT&T; didn't want the bootloader unlocked, but thanks to the folks at XDA the bootloader can now be unlocked with ease.Overall, this is the best phone I've ever owned!

I've had the phone several weeks and overall I think it is a great phone.  Great screen, thin, light.The reason why I gave it a 2 star is because of the multitasking.  It may be tolerable to many, but I can't stand the lag because it is routinely reloading everything when I go back to the browser or the launcher (I'm using Nova prime). I bought this because it received terrific reviews all over the net, and it is supposed to be HTC's flagship phone. If HTC acknowledges the issue and then fixes it or allows the user to change the parameters, I would give it a 4 star rating (it's not perfection). Maybe 2 stars is too harsh, but this issue is definitely under my skin. YMMV.

Update 9/23/12: I just downgraded my review of this phone from 5 to 3 stars for two reasons:1. Battery life is worse than advertised and battery is non-replaceable.2. This phone does not have an SD card slot and only about 8GB of space is available for storage. I knew this when I bought it, but wasn't concerned because the AT&T; sales rep who sold me the phone in an AT&T; store showed me in the HTC USER MANUAL where it comes with 23GB free space on dropbox (for two years), and dropbox is integrated into the latest HTC Sense operating system.According to the manual, after setting up dropbox, photos and videos are automatically uploaded to dropbox after capture. Had also read several reviews that mentioned HTC was doing this due to the lack of an SD card slot. So when I recently started running out of space after several minutes of HD videos (one of the phone's best features) I went to claim my 23GB free space on dropbox (supposedly automatic after completing the "getting started" steps). But it was not to be. HTC & dropbox now say that AT&T; is "not participating in this promotion" and only the 2GB free storage is available (with a little more if you jump thru dropbox hoops and invite friends, etc.).The problem is that the user manual says NOTHING about any "promotion" or required carrier participation. The dropbox storage is depicted as a feature of the phone in the user manual (even the manual currently on the AT&T; site), which makes sense due to the miniscule and non-upgradeable on-board memory. And now I see that AT&T; is offering a competing online storage plan that you is PAY after 5GB. Maybe that's the reason AT&T;?In any case, this is unseemly, cheap and probably illegal, since it is advertised and sold as a feature of the phone, and is further depicted in the user manual as such. It also makes a phone that does excellent 1080p video virtually useless for events (sports/outdoor activities, weddings, parties, etc), with 8GB or less usable storage. Really wanted a phone that does great pics & video (which it does) so I wouldn't have to carry another camera along.AT&T; and HTC should correct this oversight now, or stop with the false advertising! With only 8GB of storage available, this phone is much less appealing and much less useful.*************** END OF UPDATE ***********************I've had this phone for almost 2 weeks - upgraded from a HTC Inspire 4g. Wasn't going to bother since I really liked the 4g and didn't think it would be that much of an improvement. I was very happily surprised! HTC really hit the sweet spot with this phone, because:- The SCREEN is just absolutely gorgeous! Much deeper colors, much brighter than the 4g and I can see it perfectly fine in bright sunlight (one drawback of the Inspire 4g). And the colors are ACCURATE (unlike Samsung screens), which is great for photos and videos.- I've now totally given up on carrying a digital camera for anything. The camera on this phone is simply amazing - photos and video are at least as good as most point-and-shoot digital cameras. You'll be surprised how good it is.- The larger screen size is just right - wasn't sure I wanted to go larger than the Inspire 4.3" screen, but now I love the One X 4.7" screen. The extra size makes texting, email and videos much easier to do.- The phone itself is not much larger (screen goes closer to the edge), but it is very noticeably lighter than the 4g.- No problem at all running Ice Cream Sandwich, which is much easier to use than Gingerbread. Everything happens much faster.- Does everything faster - only have 4g where I live, but I get about 30% faster speeds than with the Inspire 4g, and web pages load about 3x faster due to the speed and better CPU.- Battery life is excellent. It seems even better after the update which downloaded about a week ago (will prompt you and will only download over wi-fi).- The beautifully sculpted body and gorgeous screen make iPhone 4 owners jealous.If you're eligible for an upgrade, get one. You won't regret it.

this is an android phone, while android is the best open OS, it is horrible out of the box, like carriers don't know what they're doing.how can they make this phone with a locked bootloader?!?!?  android is supposed to be open!

Had this phone for a week and returned it. I found that the browser crashed on websites with alot of flash content (both stock browser and Dolphin). My direct TV app crashed I am guessing it is not supported. The display although large was lousy in my opinion particularly the HD; my wife's Iphone 4S had much more clarity and a sharper image when streaming HD movies from HBO GO. The bloatware is terrible; out of the box you have less than 9G available for storage. I am holding out for the galaxy three. Also sense crashed very often, it was not too bad but a ten second wait or so for the widgets to come up. HTC support is clueless and that is being nice, I would of gotten better answers from a Amish farmer.

I love a lot of things about this phone.. almost everything, in fact.PROS:-Screen is brilliant. Great colors and superior pixel density-Fast. For the most part, runs everything smoothly. (More on this in my CONS)-Excellent build quality. Feels great in the hand and the rubberized sort of feel on the cover makes it easy to hold and more difficult to drop then say the S3.-Camera quality. SUPERB camera.CONS:-Sense UI. The sense UI stutters when scrolling through homescreens or through the app drawer. When not manipulating Sense menus and the launcher, the phone runs VERY smoothly. Thumbs down to HTC on this.-Touchscreen was defective after one day of use. There appeared a horizontal strip in the upper lower half of the screen that was completely unresponsive. At first, I wasn't sure what was going on. When pulling down the notification shade, it would jump to the bottom or top, respectively. After a few minutes of wondering what was going on and restarting the phone, I downloaded a sketch app from the Google Play Store and filled the screen with scribbles. To my dismay, there was a strip that was blank, along with a couple of small spots on the upper right that didn't register touches. I emailed HTC first and they gave me troubleshooting steps (none of which worked) and came to the conclusion that it was a hardware issue. After many phone calls to AmazonWireless, I ended u[ returning the phone, as this is now out of stock. I will be ordering the Optimus G next.I have never really cared for HTC phones (I have owned the Droid Eris, Inspire 4G, and MyTouch 4G) due to their Sense UI. It always seems to hinder the hardware and cause the phone to bog down when using their software. As I wrote above, 3rd party apps are fine.Over all, I wouldn't really recommend this phone to others. I did a quick Google search and realized I wasn't the only one with touchscreen problems. Quite a shame for what was a "flagship" device.

I've had the phone since launch day.  I've had to reboot the phone at least every other day since.  I get horrible WiFi service.  WiFi doesn't disconnect gracefully and will still show as connected even when I am miles away from the network or HotSpot I was last on.Finally, my USB port started to flake out on me.  At first I just thought it was the stock charger/cable and moved to another.  Now, the phone will only charge if the cable is in a certain position.So I called the "service" desk and was told that I would A) have to pay to ship it to them & B) could be without my phone for 3+ weeks.Never again will I buy an HTC.

I've had the One X for about a week and just love it after my iphone 3S finally died.  I was a bit hesitant to move the the Android eco system but the process is very smooth and Google has alot more features than Apple (like Google play, its free music cloud).  The One X is beautifully designed and anybody who has seen it does a double take.  Performance is fantastic including the battery which easily goes a 1.5 days w/ moderate use - I haven't come close to draining it in a day even with heavy use.  Its very fast in general and the camera is the best on the market - fast, great zoom, etc. HTC's "sense" software makes for easy navigation and is a joy to use.  After a week of use, I feel sorry for the folks who bought iphones recently as the hardware and overall experience is vastly inferior. Bravo HTC!

Pros: Large, sharp, beautiful screen. Even though it's big, it's very thin and feels great in your hand. The camera is awesome.  Virtually no delay taking photos.  Take photos while shooting video. HDR, slow motion video and a lot of features I wish my $300 point and shoot camera had. Everything about this phone is zippy and fast. It just does what you want it to do and quickly. The GPS locks on fast and works better than any other phone I've used. Call quality is great.Cons: Multitasking.  Some programs multitask fine, but others like games and such will restart if you switch apps and return. Supposedly this has to do with the aggressive task killing that HTC added due to the large memory footprint of Sense 4.0.  Honestly though I don't see this as a big deal and it's only rarely a problem because the phone is so fast it can reload the app you were using and go back to what you were doing very quickly.  In fact I didn't even notice this issue until I read about it on a forum and then tested it out.  This issue will be resolved when the bootloader gets unlocked and we can install custom ROMS.Bottom-line, this is a great piece of hardware and it can only get better as the software is improved, but even as it is I love it!

I had a iPhone 3GS for around 2-3 years, which at first wowed me, but towards the end I was extremely frustrated with it's tiny pixelated screen, so I upgraded to a Samsung Galaxy S2 which was great, but the HTC ONE X offered better hardware, looked nicer and has what some say the best screen on any smartphone out on the market, and I would have to agree, it is just a joy to look at.However, the lack of a mini SD slot to upgrade the storage is a huge let down to this phone. I honestly think that were it not for this huge oversight on Samsung's part, this phone would be close to as good as it gets right now. As it stands, I am one week through my 30 day return period and am trying to decide weather to keep it or return it and wait for the Galaxy S3, which in my opinion does not look as nice, but has a better camera, upgradable storage, better quality and bigger screen and better battery life.I think I'm already made up my mind. Shame really, the one X could have been the one if it wasn't for a few flaws. How designers can omit a mini SD slot on a phone in 2012 is just baffling.PS: I love the camera on this phone, fast, detailed and some nice filters.

I decided to purchase the HTC One X based on its impressive reviews and because I've come to appreciate the Android OS on my Kindle Fire.While performance reviews were impressive, I was skeptical. Not anymore!AT&T; 4G LTE is lightening fast as is application performance.I've never seen such display quality, HD resolution, great dynamic range, realistic colors and bright.The 8 mega pixel camera quality is exceptional and it comes with editing features and special effects.Audio quality is the best I've heard on a mobile device.Appilications I purchased for my Kindle Fire were readily available as were digital music downloads.The Amazon Wireless price for this phone blew me away!I highly recommend this smartphone!

I was looking to upgrade from my old HTC Aria and considered the Iphone 4S, Galaxy Note, Galaxy SIII and HTC One X. I went with the One X mainly because I could get the best price on it (picked it up for $99 from AT&T; before Amazon dropped the price). I was looking for a top of the phone that would last me through my next upgrade and I am very happy with my choice!Pros: Fast processor (apps launch fast, phone starts up REALLY fast, never encountered any lag); Great screen; fast camera; 25GB dropbox space FREE for 2 years (look it up!); Beats audio; 4G LTE (faster than any wireless network I connect to);Cons: Currently, Skype Video calls do not work well on this phone. This phone is not currently considered to be supported by Skype, but I'm sure they will produce an update in the near future to fix this.As far as the concerns in other reviews (battery life; internal memory; bootloader locked, etc) I have not found these to be a problem.-Battery Life: I can get 2 days out of it easily, but I'm not using it for video and gaming on a regular basis. I put it on Airplane mode at work and turn on the WIFI to get email, internet. I do stream music pretty much all day and I'm typically at 60% battery at the end of the day.-Internal Memory: 16GB is more than I had before! Plus, you get a free 25GB dropbox account with this phone, you just have to jump through some hoops.-Locked bootloader: I don't care and I'm sure the majority of the other people who will buy this phone won't either.Get this phone, you'll love it and can't beat the price right now!

I'm tech savvy, but I am also aware that 99% of the users will never bother boot loading their phones, and it's not fair to see the complaints of the remaining 1% occupying 50% of the reviews here, making this excellent phone seem utterly worthless.Now, for the remaining 99%:I like new phones, and I've recently moved from a iPhone 4 to Galaxy SII, now to this HTC One X.First of all, the screen is gorgeous. I loved the Retina Display on the iPhone, and although the Galaxy SII has a vivid OLED display, the resolution is significantly lower, and is further worsened by the larger screen. After getting used to the iPhone 4, I simply can no longer stand pixelation when reading! Another thing about the Samsung OLED is that the color looks a lot more saturated than normal. Therefore the pictures simply look inaccurate - a "normal" looking picture on the phone looks washed out on the computer, and a color-balanced picture on the computer simply looks too saturated on the phone. The HTC One X has a color-accurate IPS screen (so does the iPhone 4), but at the whopping 1280x720 resolution (compared to 960x640 on the iPhone). I simply cannot see how anyone will claim this screen is worse than the iPhone's. HD video simply looks amazing on it.Did I mention HD video? Youtube HD looks great, but the phone does get a bit hot, and drains quite some battery when doing so. The screen is bright enough for usage under sunlight, but does drain more battery. The screen itself can account for >50% of power consumption. Without watching video, I can get a full day of normal usage with about 30% battery left at the end of the day. But if you are one of those who isn't always on your phone, 10 hours of stand-by drains the battery by only 10% (no kidding! I tried that today).Another point people love to whine about is its lack of a quad-core processor, available in its Asia market. The fact is, this dual-core is more than sufficient, and I would take a power-efficient dual-core LTE processor anyday, over a power-hogging quad-core without LTE, and without a significant performance improvement. Trust me, you do not need quad core, but you WILL wish you can get 25 Mbps of download speed. Living in Los Angeles, I've been consistently getting LTE in most places. Download speed varies from 25+ Mbps (5 bars) to 8 Mbps (3 bars).I regretted giving up the iPhone right after I got my Galaxy SII, but the One X has made me a believer in Android. Thank you HTC!

This is the first time I have bought a phone that was just released so some issues were expected. Major complaint is the Wi-Fi problems; it just will not stay connected to certain routers, especially the older ones. Even when it does stay connected it does not update my mail accounts, so I find myself having to sync when I am connected to my home network. Work arounds are OK but they do not work in all situations. Also range is a bit of an issue I found it is hard to stream music on Wi-Fi from room to room while my old HTC Android phone had no problems. Battery life on 4g is not good but I did come from a 3g phone so I don't have anything to compare it to. Once the Wi-Fi is fixed I can see myself enjoying this phone for the most parts reviews on the net are accurate, until then though 2 starSoftware update came out a few weeks ago, phone is working with all acess points now. Connection at work would disconect when in sleep mode, now i have a solid connection and improved battery life. Very pleased with the phone now.

I just switched from iphone 4 to 1X. The only reason to make the switch is that I want a bigger screen. I think 3.5" is for those with small hand. I am 5'10" and I can easily handle 4.5-4.7" phone, I strong believe Apple should make a 4.6" version of iphone. The review is very good and anandtech claims 1X is the best Android phone on the market and I was eligible to upgrade to a new phone, so I made the move.After more than one week of use, my initial impression is not so great. So far I can tell 1X is pretty close to iphone, but it lags in almost every aspects. I am a little disappointed, but I can live with it since I want 720P bigger screen.Pros:1. Better multi-task handling.2. Bigger LCD screen.3. No itune restriction (actually with newer version iOS, I don't need itune any more, everything is on iCloud!).4. Responsive camera with good results! More user control on camera.Cons:1. Relatively hard to use. With iphone there is no need to learn, but with Android phone I have to ask my co-workders! I am a geek and sometimes I have dig through to find out how to use it. It is more like windows with a lot of functions but hard to use.2. Screen color is not as good as iphone. The pictures I processed with calibrated DELL 24" PVA LCD look similar on iphone (color tone etc.), it is oversaturated with yellowish color.3. Some apps sucks. For example, I am a daily Skype user, but skype on Android SUCKS! My dad said video from 1X has MSK and they can here their voice echoed (and I cannot listen them clearly), it is worse than iphone/ipad. Some apps has different versions like 240x320, 480x320, 960x540 and 800x480 but no 1280x720.4. In gerenal same apps on Adroind are worse than ios version.5. Lags behind iOS on a lot of details. For example, when I talk through skype, I got a phone call. I answered, the skype would be still on! the voice won't go!6. No mute button.Overall, 1X is pretty good, but iphone is excellent. 1X is designed by engineer, and complex features are prepared for engineers. If ios would be open source some day, I believe it would crush Android.Lastly, ATT did a lot of evil to cripple 1X. It locked the rom, made battery fixed, remove the microSD card slot, put stupid ATT logo on front of the phone, it also removed the physical shutter button for camera. It also installed a bunch of apps like stupid GPS app (which charges $10/month) which I can NOT uninstall!Overall I am disappointed, but I decided to keep it due to 720P screen. I will swtich to iphone when they release a 4+ inch version.

The phone is gorgeous, battery life seemed reasonable, sense didn't seem too bad, and the screen is to die for. That said, the phone is being returned as HTC and/or AT&T has literally removed 95% of the multitasking.  The recent apps button only tracks the last 6 apps (and it doesn't even do that well) and just about every app with the exception of music playing apps dies the moment you switch away.  Scroll part way through an email or long web page, jump to respond to a text and jump back, then wait while the app flashes white then reloads and dumps you back at the top.  Need to answer a phone call in the middle of a game?  Be prepared for the game to stop and need to be reloaded when you come back to find you've lost any progress.  Every app seems to be affected, mail, messaging, google voice/reader/gmail, chrome, native browser, play store, etc.  The only app I could find that didn't seem to die the moment I left it was Pandora and even then it was only assuming the music wasn't paused and you weren't doing anything as daring as playing angry birds in the background or it would also stop within 3 songs.  There is a pretty good example here: [...]  Even my old iPhone 3gs could do this as well as a number of friends' 2 year old HTC/Samsung devices.

I've only had the pleasure of playing with the phone briefly (as I'm still waiting for it to be off back-order with AW) and it blew my mind. Currently, I'm an iPhone user and this phone really shatters nearly everything about the iPhone 4S. I'm still quite confused as to why they didn't follow in Apple's footsteps with Siri, but whatever. Over all, it's a great phone and the screen is unbelievable! I just wish it had a home button, that way it wouldn't take two hands to unlock the device. I'm sure that's something I can get used to.

It is just so sleek and pretty! Love looking at/taking pictures, watching videos, and even just reading on it. I have not had any problems with it so far, it is very speedy. Both my mobile network and my wifi has been good to me. It has surprisingly great battery life even after I play music and whatnot on it. That makes the irremovable battery less of an issue for me. But we'll see how long the good battery life actually lasts.The reason why the phone loses a star is because of the irremovable battery, no SD card slot, and the fact that I have that ugly IMEI sticker in plain view uglying up the sleekness of my phone. Of course we all know about these things prior to purchasing the phone, but it's still stupid anyways. Who would have thought it's a good idea for a brand new, modern, top of the line smart phone to not have an SD card slot?Anyways, overall, I absolutely love my phone.If I were rating the carrier on the other hand, I would give them zero stars.I should have just gotten the Evo 4g LTE for Sprint. Too late now. :'( I advise the rest of you guys to go for Sprint, though! AT&T; does NOT have great customer service and the Sprint counterpart DOES have an SD card slot and a bigger battery too! Although their service currently does not have 4g LTE, it is coming soon, and it will be good! Get it!

First, let me say that I've tested all three smartphone ecosystems: iOS, WP and Android. I enjoyed them all, especially my recent purchase of the Nokia Lumia 800 (which I posted a review a while ago). So I'm pretty unbiased when it comes to pointing out pros and cons of each system, at least I'd like to think so.Ok, now onto the actual review.HARDWARE & DESIGNI think this is absolutely the best looking smartphone HTC has delivered, and arguably the sexiest smartphone available on the market. Some might prefer the square edges of the iPhone 4S, some might like the Galaxy S3's curves. I just love the One X. It's the perfect combination of great clean and feel good design. I bought the white version. I think Apple would be proud to call this one of their own.Now the screen. Best. Screen. Ever. It's big. It's bright. It's sharp (720p!). It's LCD2 and not pentile (haha Nexus). It's super sensitive.. Oh, and it's super battery-consuming. I can get maybe 4 hours of screen usage out of every full charge. And this is at 20-30% brightness (which is still plenty with this screen). The 4.7" size can be difficult to use with one-hand at times, but it's not really a problem unless you have super small hands.The rear camera is also the one of the best. Sure, it still can't compare to a good P&S; but in good lighting, you can get some terrific shots. The camera app is also awesome and very customizable. I love the Best-shot feature which lets you take a burst of shots then pick the best one to keep.The only things I (personally, some of your might think otherwise) don't like about the design are:a) power button is on top. It works for the iPhone, but when you have an almost 5" phone, it can be a little difficult to press the button with my index finger while holding the phone. I think Samsung got it just right with the power button on the right side of the phone.b) micro-USB connector is on the left vs. at the bottom. This is not really a big deal, but I believe that we'll never see an elegant charging dock thanks to the horrible placement.c) loudspeaker is on the back.Bonus, there's also an LED notifier which I think should be on every phone. Very useful and saves battery too since I don't have to turn on the screen to check for new notifications.SOFTWAREIt runs Google's latest big upgrade, Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0, (JellyBean 4.1 doesn't count) out of the box. This is expected (shame on you Sony) of any flasgship Android phone coming out in 2012. HTC customized it with their own Sense user interface, and you either love it or hate it. I personally think Sense 4.0 is a huge improvement from 3.0. They've removed a lot of the bloated stuff that slows down interface and cleaned it up more than a little. It's very usable and I quite enjoy it.Ice Cream Sandwich is.. ICS. All I'll say is that there's not much it can't do. It's hard to review something that has been discussed to death. It's smooth, it's fast, it has tons of nifty features built-in. The notification system is still above and beyond that iOS is capable of. If you want a more detailed look at ICS, all you have to do is search on Google.There's one major gripe I have with HTC though. The multitasking system they implemented. Using the excuse that the phone only has 1GB of RAM, they're handling multitasking very aggressively. Apps are being terminated too quickly and have to be reloaded. This is utter crap. I can live with it, but I hate it.OTHER THOUGHTSBattery is really bad, and since the One X has a unibody design (which I love), there's no swapping batteries :) If you need a phone with super long battery life, then the One X is not for you. Or do what I did, buy an external battery pack.AT&T; required their One X's bootloader to be locked. But nobody should be complaining about this now since it's already unlockable with 3rd-party softwares. I've unlocked mine and flashed a custom ROM with no problem.Google just announced that JellyBean will be released for their Nexus line in mid-July. It's super super smooth with a handful of new features. Let's hope HTC won't drop the ball on this.Overall, this is an amazing phone. It's not perfect, but the flaws are outweighed by the amazing things HTC were able to achieve with designing this flagship phone. 5 STARS!

HTC One X (AT&T;)HardwareUnlock/on/off button on top, side would be quicker one-hand access.Volume toggle button on side too easy to accidentally push.Pick up phone from the top even with skinny, "no-flab" hands causes home screen to flip to Widget screen. The design is great but the glass right on the edge is too touchy regardless of settings.Left "back" haptic button non-responsive every 2 out of 3 times. However, it does respond to the edge. These two issues make me think that the hardware design needs work.Pulldown menu non-responsive almost every time unless there are notifications.If you hold the phone in your hand so that your little finger is on the left-bottom side of the phone, it will cover the radio and you will lose both OTA and Wi-Fi signals.Easy to scuff the back.Notification light blinks and then stops without touching the phone.Install "No Lock" immediately because the unlock ring is stupid as long as I have to also push the button on top. It is an unnatural movement for your hand to go from the top to the bottom. You only need a software lock when you already have a hardware lock if you are in an un-secure location.Software, change to stock keyboard immediately but some native apps still will not provide landscape keyboard.Notes App sux big time and is useless in every sense of the word.Contacts app is pretty bad too.Google Navigation GPS is outstanding and extremely accurate. Stay away from AT&T;'s as it is not even close.Photos and videos are very good as are the panoramic and burst mode shooting, the later while capturing video. Brilliant screen in the sun. Outstanding!I really liked the overall design and minimalist approach of this phone. The back made me feel, even though the phone is a bit larger than what I am use to, that I could easily hold on to it but the back is very easy to scuff. Fortunately, the dark grey makes it difficult to see scuffs. The phone is very thin and light but recommend a cover.There was no HTC SYNC for MAC and HTC SYNC MANAGER was "Available Soon" despite the fact the phone had been out for a month and a half when I received it. You can, however, just hook up the USB cable to copy all files and folders to your MAC or PC. The "Driver" accessory as well as the Media Link HD (supposedly in the International version box) were both out of stock.CarrierAT&T; has very limited LTE and despite living in the Phoenix Metro, there is no LTE in the SE Valley. I was willing to download apps to make the keyboard, Notes, etc. work but without LTE I cannot use this for tethering to my MACBook Pro. The HSPDA+ signal is just too poor. I used AT&T;'s Mark the Spot to report it. I signed up for the 5GB data plan in hopes of finally dumping COX internet for which I pay $54. Not yet, I guess. BTW, I checked out the Downtown LTE and it is fast but I hardly used it and when I got home the battery was down another 30%.They really should have given this more User Acceptance Testing and held on to it a few more months but from what I see about the S3 online, it is also not ready for prime time.

i love it very cool smartphone than old pager lg thrill because my old pager not show video calling and problem= so i decide buy new one i like it and i use it as along no problems so well i did test and compare old and new that different one lg thrill is 2.2 android and htc one x is 4.0 android not same but same program but different one

1. Locked bootloader, doesn't concern me, don't need it and I'm sure when I do, someone would have figured out a way.2. 16GB memory with 12GB available to use.  Knew about it when I bought the phone, can't complain.3. No micro SD slot.  Knew about it when I bought the phone, would have kept my samsung galaxy skyrocket if this was a deal breaker.4. The screen is great in general and I know it's HD, but I would prefer to watch 720P/1080P movies on my 55" big screen than a 4.7 inch phone.  It's more for convenience, not a home theatre replacement. That should free up the 12GB available for more movies rather than trying to squeeze 720P movies into a phone.Hands down, best android phone out there.  Can't stand Samsung's build quality, even the new S3 is not going to cut it in that department.

Most of the things that people are deducting 2-3 stars for are petty compared to the overall quality of this phone.Pros:Fits perfectly in your back pocket.  The phone is super slim, but doesn't feel fragile.The screen is incredible.As you can guess, the dual-core processor makes this phone incredibly fast. I run 4-5 things at once without a problem.Android 4.0 is good, not great. It is what it is.

I have used many android and iOS devices over the year and have to say this device took me by surprise. At first it felt a bit big but after a short time it begins to feel amazing in your hand. The combination of material and design really feel at home in my hand. and that screen... oh my it is very very nice. I find myself reading a lot more blogs and movies on my device then before.The camera is simply stunning - i am having a great time besting my friends with iphones at bars and bright day light with this camera. People now are asking to use my phone in favor of others to capture moments together. The great display and advanced tools really make editing pictures on the device possible.I also really like what HTC has done with Sense it has become very light and the device feels nimble. I use the device a lot for business so a solid exchange mail client is a must. The way I am able to customize tabs, have multiple folders and accounts really makes this a power user device when it comes to getting work done.All in all the device has been a real surprise. I have a lot of faith in Android after using this device. It really has turned this around. What a great product!

I bought this phone expecting to be able to customize it like many of the previous HTC phones. Turns out they have disabled this feature for some reason. There is no external memory which leaves very little room to store videos in the remaining 12GB of space available for content storage. It takes 2-3gb to store a quality 720P video so you might get 2-3 videos. A One handed wakeup button push puts your fingers over the volume buttons which changes the volume if you do not use an unlock screen. Despite it's large screen size the phone fits well in a pocket. Lastly, the version of Sense on this device does not seem as terrible as the pre-release reviewers claimed. Can't comment on battery life because I've only had it for a day.

I'll preface this review by saying that I'm not a multimedia buff at all, so I can't speak for the quality of the camera or music quality. Both are good enough for me.What I was a lot more concerned with is the speed and battery life of the phone. This is an extremely snappy phone. The international version has a quad core Tegra processor while the AT&T; one has a dual core Snapdragon one, if those names mean anything to you. However, according to most of what's been reported, the Snapdragon is actually faster than the Tegra despite having two less cores because the software is more optimized for two cores rather than quad four. Also, the Snapdragon is a bit more power efficient and allows the phone to have a much better LTE implementation. There's a bunch of tech details supporting that, but most of it went in one eye and out the other. Whatever the reasons, the HTC One X for AT&T; is very fast. And on LTE, if you're lucky enough to live in a place with LTE coverage, the One X is blazingly fast with download speeds greater than 20 MB/s.Just a sidenote, what AT&T; calls 4G is actually HSPA+, which is only marginally faster than 3G. What the rest of the world calls 4G AT&T; calls 4G LTE. A bit confusing, but even on HSPA+, I get download speeds of around 4 MB/s, which is still respectable.In terms of battery life, my phone is pretty good, but I definitely can't get it last for longer than a day. Mine lasts a full 9-hour work day with moderate use, but it needs to be charged afterwards. By moderate use I mean HSPA, email, web browsing, music, and some gaming. I haven't turned down the brightness of the screen or fiddled with the sync settings though, so I could probably extend it a bit if I did. I haven't been able to test battery life on LTE yet, but battery life will definitely be a bit worse with it. I'll update my review if/when I get a chance to use LTE for an extended time.I'm actually going to go a bit off-topic here to talk about battery care in general so skip to the next paragraph if you just want to know about the phone. I've heard a lot of people talking about letting your battery run all the way down before charging it in order to extend your battery's life time. I'm not a battery expert, but from what I understand, doing this every time is commonly held to be useless and probably harmful for current battery technology. It was recommended back when NiCd batteries were commonly used, but now we use NiMH batteries. NiMH batteries have a set number of charge cycles; you won't increase or decrease significantly this through your charging habits. It might help to fully discharge the phone to once a month, but the benefit should be negligible if you only have the phone for a couple of years.Storage however is a bigger problem. I don't know why AT&T; limited us to the 16 GB (~12 useable) version AND opted out of the free 25 GB dropbox deal the rest of the world gets. They probably didn't want us using too much of their network by constantly downloading and uploading, but it's pretty annoying. Maybe if enough of us complain they'll change they're stance, but I'm not holding my breath for it.The multitasking is pretty annoying too. For those of you who haven't read the thousands of angry internet posts about it, the HTC One X closes an app around 10 seconds after you relegate it into the background. It still remembers what you were doing; it just needs to reload. So, for example that means you stay on the same webpage but it reloads, and it doesn't noticeably affect things like music or movies. HTC is standing firm maintaining that this is a power-saving feature rather than a bug, so I'm not sure if they're changing it soon.However, like the issue with the locked boot loader, I'm sure some people on the interwebs will think of ways to fix the multitasking. That's the beauty of the Android platform. If you look around, maybe there's even something already out there to help.

My daughter has only had this phone about a week when she dropped it in water well since you cannot take it apart to open it and dry it out then all is lost so there goes a 500 dollar phone down the drain.  All the phones I have had in the past you could take apart and remove the battery so it would not fry your phone, but not this one.  I am very very disappointed.

So, I got the HTC One X in august. LOVE THE PHONE. I upgraded from my ancient LG Phoenix, and couldn't be happier. It's a great phone. Great looking screen, great user interface. It's a really good phone. Yeah, it could use the ability to add an SD card, but the 12gb of available memory is fine. The phone is too nice to care. NOW, this phone, about a month after I got it had a line appear across the top of the screen...dead pixels. Oh well, phone still operates great. A month after that, it goes on the fritz. Phone will only boot every now and again, and will freeze and shut off before making it to the home screen/desktop screen. Well, after an AT&T customer service rep fiddles with it for about a half hour or more, she gives customer service/warranty guys a call and decides I'm candidate for warranty exchange. Now, I love the phone, and have exchanged it for a new one that works great, but due to the first phone being faulty after having owned it for TWO months, I can't give it the five stars it SHOULD have deserved.

I bought this phone for the fact that the camera was supposed to be superior to most or all other phone cameras out there. To the contrary, all pictures taken indoors were of very poor with everybody's skin having a very predominant rose hue to it. Yes I adjusted settings and that did not take it away until I adjusted them so low it was almost in black and white. Outside piks were great. I took back phone after two weeks. Thank god I kept my iPhone 4. Nothing beats it.

Hey guys. Writing this review as an android enthusiast, coming from an Atrix 4G.--Design--As far as this phone goes, the design is beautiful. Unibody construction, fluid design, smooth surface, semi-gripped outer finish, and glass curved into the design of the phone.Two buttons, a single lock button, and volume control. Aux jack on top.Front Facing camera's slightly embedded into the phone, pushed back a few mm.Back of the phone is very minimal-single LED Flash with camera, Speaker grille on the bottom center, under the removable sticker with your Serial/etc on it.Nonremovable battery (unfortunately), and micro-sim slot next to the lock button.Three touch buttons on the bottom; no menu.The screen is again, absolutely beautiful. IPS display, highest resolution on the market today. Colors are clear, perfectly saturated, and the brightness on this screen (the maximum) is blinding. Easily viewable in sunlight, or at any (yes, any) angle.--Performance (OS and Camera)--The phone runs a dual-core 1.5 GHZ S4 setup, unlike the global version. Personally, I've seen little to no lag going through every process, from setting up the phone, to installing new apps, to performing root operations.Opening and closing applications is quick, no lag.The multitasking built into sense (by HTC) works very well. I've heard of complaints about it being too aggressive, but it seems to work quite well, and memory is managed efficiently between sense, background apps, and foreground-running apps.Sense 4.0 is the cleanest version of sense i've ever seen, and the fastest running too. No bugs yet, and all of the widgets and effects are flawless. Just the way i'd expect ICS to run.The one flaw I had with the phone is the lack of the menu button. Using all apps, a small bar is added on the bottom of all apps running that can be used to hit menu. This is decently annoying because this shrinks the actual usable screen area, though not by much. This is also especially frustrating with third party launchers; the bar takes up valuable space...Camera..The camera on this device is BEAUTIFUL. It shoots very fast, with a good continuous shot amount. The aperture of the lens is f/2.0, which is great. Haven't had any experience shooting lower light photos, but i'd imagine this kind of aperture performing very well in combination with the added graphics chip for the camera.1080P Video looks very good, and photos are crisp and minimally saturated/minimally noisy. Best camera on a phone i've seen (though, iPhone 4S comes very close to beating it).No FPS issues as displayed in some YouTube videos.--Data Speeds, Connectivity, Calls, Speakerphone--As far as data speeds go, I can only comment on HSPA+ connectivity. I live in an area that does not yet have LTE (at least, AT&T; LTE), Long Island, NY. HSPA speeds have always been up and down on the various HSPA devices i've owned (Inspire 4G, Atrix 4G, this phone).I can get anywhere from 1.3MBPS on an average day, to 7.9MBPS (DOWNLOAD) on a great day (or at 5AM any day of the week). Upload speeds are usually around 1MBPS, never lower than 0.9MBPS.At the time of this review, data was measured to be: 5.97MBPS DOWN, 1.21MBPS UP, WITH 68MS PING ON HSPA at 3:24AM on 6/3/2012.On this phone, I am getting a constantly higher data speed than on my other previous phones. The ping also appears to be lower in the various apps i've tested with; a good 50ms faster.Connecting to data is usually snappy, though, loading some applications can be a drag. That's AT&T; though, not the phone.As soon as LTE comes into my area i'm hoping for around 20MBPS+ (DOWNLOAD) as many people have been getting not too far from me (NYC).Anyway.Signal strength on this phone seems to be very good, as many other reviewers have said. It rarely ever drops, and data connection seems to stick. SMS, MMS, and Calls are VERY FAST. Calls connect within two seconds, on average. Text messages are sent within three to five seconds (which is average) but MMS messages are sent much quicker than on any other phone i've tested. And i've owned "a few" smartphones (Backflip, Atrix, Inspire, iPhone 4, HTC One X).Calls sounded very clear on my end, with no distortion.On speakerphone, voices and treble did seem a bit muffled. It doesn't get very loud, and it isn't powerful at all. But it's tiny, as the back grille shows you. This phone's more of a music phone (as in headphones, using the aux jack) than speakerphone. So I understand HTC's cutting corners here.-----Final Thoughts-----This screen is huge. Coming from an Atrix, this phone is totally different. Though, because of how beautiful it is, I can CONFIDENTLY say I have no regrets. One suggestion I do have, for consumers- get a case. And a good one, apparently this screen breaks easily if dropped.Other than the size, everything about this phone is beautiful.The following things are rated from 1-10.Design:  10Weight:  10Price:  10Connectivity (Data):  9Speed (Data at Time of Review):  8OS and Software (Preloaded):  10Storage Space Available:  7Expandability (Space):  6  [No SD Slot, though the 23GB of DropBox is GREATLY appreciated]Camera (Photo/Video):  10Carrier:  7Calls, Audio:  10Battery:  8*******  *******Overall Rating, out of 100:  93%If you have any questions about my review, or this phone in specific, feel free to leave a comment on this review.Good luck.

I really enjoy the look and feel of the phone, the keyboard throws me off frequently when switching back and forth to my Galaxy Tab 2, (Android needs to get it together and have everyone on the same page). The one thing that I really, really hate about this phone is the SMS emoticons it forces your usual ":)" (happy) ";)" (winkface) and ":(" (sad) to turn into these awfully annoying, creepy and infuriating cartoon faces. There is no way to disable them, but onlt avoid them by downloading 3rd party SMS apps :(.Aside from this, the phone runs quickly, and is pretty easy to navigate from app to app.

** HTC does NOT offer sync software for Mac OS for this phone.  I have tried two 3rd party sync programs that do not work.PROS:1. The phone is very pretty.  The screen has vibrant colors.2. The larger form factor is a plus.  I don't want to go back to anything smaller now. However, my wife thinks it is too big.CONS:1. No sync with Mac. This is a deal breaker for me.  It does appear on the finder as a drive if you select "connect as disk drive." You can drag and drop music files onto the phone. But contacts, calendar, to-dos, notes, etc. do not sync.2. Battery life is average to poor. Worse, the phone seems slow to charge.3. The apps are badly organized in my opinion. This makes it difficult for a new android user.4. The multi-touch gestures are laggy. For example, pinch a website and there is a pause from the time you pinch to the time the screen moves. This is a little frustrating.5. There is something funny about where or how the speaker is positioned. If you don't hold the phone exactly right to your ear you can only hear a little teeny tiny sound. This makes answering in a hurry difficult.6. I am not a phone camera buff, but still was disappointed in the quality of the pictures given the cost and how current the technology is. It takes too many steps to get the pictures into iPhoto.7. My 2010 Mercedes C300 recognizes the phone by bluetooth, and it will answer calls (after pairing, which took 5-6 attempts to complete). However it will not allow use of other phone features by bluetooth including dialing out. This is also a deal breaker.For essentially the same price as an iPhone, this phone is a terrible deal. I have awful buyer's remorse about it. I cannot recommend this phone.

This phone functions as a phone, which leaves little to be desired.I never thought such a product could come from HTC. The old HTC, was a company that touted to the super users, from their early windows phones. I couldn't wait to get my HTC out the box, and start seeing what I could break or customize on my own. Quickly jumping into hacking my Androids into root and playing around.This phone is entirely different.Out of the box:This is a uni-body phone, which means you have no access to the battery. They have left the option out of adding additional memory via a memory card slot. At first you may be skeptical, but to the average user, this gives a level of security. HTC is taking the concerns out from under you, and promising that the phone doesn't need modification. The same feeling exists when first turning it on.HTC's Sense UI combined with Android 4.0 leaves very little to be desired. The interface is smooth, and easy on the eyes. Highly customisable, but not overly cumbersome for the average user to figure out.HTC is no longer touting to the fanboys. Ultimately this is a good thing.What I want out of a phone, and what this phone offers.pretty interface,simple to use,lots of apps,finally a clean sms chat interface,Music and sync capability,Screen shot capability (hold down the power button and volume down at the same time for 1 second)Business e-mailVPNquality cameraHD videofront facing cameraUltimately I want a phone that works out of box, no need to break in, in order to get things running. Anyone can use a phone like this, and there are no strange glitches or broken functions. It works, which is rare when buying an Android phone.HTC is making a statement by building a phone like this. They are now making phones that not only work, but work well in all the basic ways you expect a phone to work.Negating a review based on lack of memory card slot, or no battery replacement is old hat. Rarely would you see a review drop a star on an iPhone for the same reasons. Interesting how Cnet authors, and so many people on here are downing it for this reason. We're in a new era, where battery and extra memory shouldn't be a concern. In the future if you want a phone with more memory, you will buy a phone with more memory. Cloud storage has replaced most of these needs for high memory, and with 4G, it is even easier to sync with the cloud.I am glad that HTC is moving in the current direction. Simple, beautiful, effective, and efficient. If you want something cumbersome, go back 5 years. Move ahead with the times, it's time we the users got something we wanted, and not something that looked cool, but only to have basic phone functionality broken. Well there's an app to fix that usually, but who wants to download and pay 10 dollars for business e-mail apps, swipe to text, screen shots, or VPN.Ultimately fan boys should stay away from this phone, or get with the times(as I will be).

Been using smartphones for last six years including blackberry, windows, and tons of iphones. But this is my first Android phone. Finally decide to try something new to replace my iphone4. Ice Cream Sandwich has a huge improvement from the last time research android phones three years ago. So far this phone is doing everything very well compare to my old phone.Android has the Google Play store where you get apps, music, movies, etc. I tried out all built-in apps and they all work well except a few I didn't like. The HTC keyboard app is too crowd with options. Download the ICS keyboard. I didn't like the built-in web browser that much. Download the Chrome Beta. Chrome will be the default web browser on the next major Android update. The Chrome browser works just like the iphone one. All pinch-zone, double tap, and other gesture work. I set up the built-in mail apps, gmail, and yahoo to sync with my work Exchange mail and personal accounts. Only complaint is it doesn't have pinch to zoom on the email app for whatever reason. Not a big deal.Calendar and contacts sync up up fine. All other apps Clocks, Alarms, Youtube, Google Maps, Music/Video player, Gallery, and Camera work very well.The phone performs very fast. I played some HD 720 videos and it was fast and beautiful. Internet LTE speed is super fast like 30mbps per second. BTW, amazon only offer the 3 GB 30 dollar plan. I had no issues calling ATT after activation to swap it out and put the 15 dollars 200 MB LTE dataplan to save money. I have wifi at home and work.The operating system is very easy to learn. You should feel right at home after a few hours. Also, search google if you want to learn how to do something. Android is very customizable.Battery seems decent; With moderate usage in the morning, lunch time, and during my work breaks, I can get a full days use fine. As with most smartphones you usually have to charge it at least every day or other day.I was certain that the phone would be too big in my hands. But that's not the case. My hands have gotten use to it and I can do most things with one hand if I wanted too. The back of the phone has a smooth curve surface with makes holding it very comfortable. Also, the phone is actually lighter than my old iphone4. Phone fits int he my front pocket fine. I don't use the case. On youtube people done scratch test. There were zero scratch on the screen and back of phone. So no cases is needed.Charging phone with a/c wall adapter takes 2.75 hrs from 5% to 100%. That same charge on usb cable laptop charging takes 5.5 hours. just an FYI. This is normal cause the a/c outputs twice the amount of amps.I haven't had any issues with the phone. My wifi works fine. Phone has not crash or locked up. Also, I have my phone encryption and didn't notice any slowdowns.The three major phones Android, iPhone, and Windows phone now have polished their phone very well. Honestly, you can't go wrong with any of them. It ultimately comes down to if you want to do business with Google, Apple, or Microsoft. Personally, I don't really buy paid apps or media so I have no attachments to any of them. Since I been using iphones since 2007 the new Android phone is definitely a fun new experience so far. Thanks for reading. See ya in 18 months when I get my next phone upgrade.

I switched over from Sprint to AT&T; in May 2012. I had been using an iPhone 4s on Sprint's network and wanted a change. I had preferred Droids as my previous smartphone had been a Droid, and my friend who worked for AT&T; suggested I buy the OneX or The Galaxy S3. I had heard good things about both companies, though at the time Samsung was not quite as big of a player in the market as HTC and due to the shortage of One X's (this was during Apple's let's sue everyone campaign) I decided on the One X. I thought why not get a phone that was not as available to the public as the S3 and when I first got the phone and started playing with it/setting it up I fell in love.I was not off put by the fact that I needed a computer to change/set up the way the phone looked, in fact I thought it made the profile look crisper and better and more personalized. I would say for about the first three months I had this phone I loved it. It was after about three months that I started noticing some features on other phones that were quite a bit more impressive than my own. To me it was as though I had bought this phone after it had been out some time and not virtually right after it was released. I will state the pros and cons I feel. These are just my opinions.Speakers: Although the beats audio is a nice feature unless you have those specific headphones the sound has no detectable difference. What is detectable, however is how quiet the speakers are. This makes watching videos or showing a song/video to a friend quite difficult, I have also missed calls, texts and alarms due to simply not hearing my phone.Body/design: When I first got this phone it was a giant on the industry, now it is average or dare I say small. I personally love the design of this phone. It is sleek, modern and attractive. I still think the design is one of the best things about this phone. However, the white one (the one I purchased) has a tendency to show every speck of dirt and grime and unless you use a case (which will cover up the cool &#34;boat&#34; design) your phone will likely become dirty quick.Cameras: The front facing camera is poorly engineered at best. It is embedded deeply into the front and collects dirt and dust like a magnet. I have to clean it out with a q-tip at least once a month just so I can see the low quality pictures it takes. The back camera was great when it first came out, but now it is nothing special. Plus side the flash is very bright.Speed: This phone has no external storage and 8GB is nothing. The phone will fill up quickly and slow down quickly. I notice a lot of lag as swipe between screens.Battery life: And now here we are, the reason I gave this guy two stars. The reason I called AT&T; and got them to give me a free upgrade early. The wonderful battery life or the &#34;HTC Curse&#34;. When you first buy this phone you will likely not notice anything about the battery life. In fact it will seem like an average phone to you. However as the months go by you may notice you are having to charge it a lot more, in fact it seems as though you are continually charging it throughout the day. Eventually you will need to keep it on a charger just to keep it turned out. Eventually the phone commits suicide and if you're like me you use your insurance to get another one. Phone two, same pattern. Phone three same pattern. Phone four same pattern and I am getting upset. Phone five. I did not plug it in overnight, o well it was at 90% when I went to to bed and I have all my background apps/back lights off. Check phone upon waking up-5%. Yeah time for a new phone.

I can't say enough about the screen.  It is absolutely gorgeous and is 99% of the reason I chose this phone.  It's very light and aesthetically a beautiful piece of hardware.However HTC has completely ruined the multitasking.  If you go from browser to email and immediately back to browser the browser reloads the page.  Okay that wouldn't be so annoying except half the time the browser will say it can't reload the page.  Or imagine you are half way filling out a web form and need some info from an email.  Forget it the page will reload when you go back and all your info is gone.  It's really really bad!  HTC please fix it!I also noticed the red problem with the camera.  Whether indoor or out it blows out red.  Everything that is red is more red than it is in real life.  It's too bad because if you are taking a picture without any red in it then it takes a pretty good picture.  I guess you could live with it.  Just tell everyone and anyone you are going to take a picture of that they are not allowed to wear red :).  Lipstick for the picture don't worry honey this fabulous HTC camera will do it for you

The phone is awesome, loving the speed of LTE in my area. Camera is fast for a phone and takes excellent pictures. Excellent upgrade from Samsung galaxy S2 and dismal Sprint network. Recommended!

This phone has a major defect in that it goes into silent mode and makes me miss most if my calls. Even when picking up the phone gently and careful attention to how I hold it, this problem persists. I contacted HTC and they were nice, but totally did not care about this problem. Do not purchase this phone!

I purchased this from ATT after baptizing my Atrix 2 in Pepsi (it didn't survive).  I had gone in for an iPhone 5 (which is gorgeous, but smaller) and didn't want to wait for a month for delivery.  The HTC One X was $99 with 2-year plan (reduced because the One X+ quad-core is coming out).  I couldn't be more impressed, and having owned this for three days, feel that is it significantly better than the Galaxy III or iPhone 5 (but for different reasons).I looked at the Galaxy III.  I had previously owned a Galaxy II and hated the interface, plus it was fragile.  I was interested in whether the Galaxy III had improved ... but it hasn't.  The main draw of the Galaxy III is the big AMOLED screen, which, frankly, is not really that nice.  The main drawback is Samsung's interface (you absolutely have to root the Samsung's to eliminate their poorly designed interface and get back to native Android).  Samsung also has extremely poor sync software.In contrast, the One X keeps most of the Ice Cream Sandwich interface (a good thing).  There is some ATT bloatware, but you can go into Settings->Apps and disable most of these (just like on a rooted phone).  HTC doesn't have an unlock for the bootloader yet, but I presume this should be on the HTCdev site shortly (HTC is pretty good about this).  Given the native quality of their Sense user interface, it may not be necessary to root at all (I know that not everyone likes Sense, but I find it much better than Samsung or other handset interfaces).As for the iPhone 5 ... pictures don't do it justice.  It is beautiful to hold and use. But!  The screen is much smaller than the One X (Retina is not an obvious improvement on the One X screen) and the iOS interface is not as customizable as ICS, while being equivalent in 'user experience'.  So I give the edge to HTC One X.HTC One X's camera is better than any of the competition, because it has a larger lense (f/2.0) which gives it better low light performance.  The native camera software is also much more usable (and faster) than the Galaxy III ... comparable to the iPhone 5.Build quality appears solid, and the phone feels good in the hand.  The sync software works as advertised ... no problems.Cons:  (1) lacks SD slot and removable battery.  Neither is an issue for me.  Battery life has been good so far.  (2) not quad-core (as is the International version) or the new One X+.  Again, not a problem, since the other two cores are only used for games (which is not how I use my phone).  In fact, this was a + for me, since ATT dropped the price from $199 to $99 in anticipation of the quad-core One X+.

I have had the HTC One X Phone for a Week now, and I am debating whether to return it. I switched from a blackberry torch, after being a blackberry user for many years. I won't repeat all the great reviews about this phone's amazing screen/color, HD Quality, Camera and processing speed. Yes, these are all true about the HTC One X. I also like the swipe texting, and so far every app I downloaded installs easy, is free, and works great. Unfortunately, as great as this phone is at doing photo/video/internet tasks, it sucks as a device to text and email people with. Most of the problems I list here MAY be fixable with an upgraded Ice Cream Sandwich operating system, or maybe it's just my specific phone, but such an update is not yet available:1) Major Notification Issues:At least several times a day, I won't get a notification when texts come in. Only when I manually enter my text message app will I see that I have new texts. I had to download a separate SMS popup notification app just to know if I have a text message.Emails will not update/sync unless you enter the email app yourself and wait for it to refresh, no matter what amount of "sync every 5/10/30 minutes" option I enter. And the sync is slow. Seems to be a bug in the OS. Also, if yahoo mail requires you to enter those annoying words in the box to login to "protect spam", your phone's email app won't be able to login and check your yahoo mail. Don't know if this is yahoo's fault or HTC's.FB, Instagram and other apps will not display a small mark on their app icon to indicate a new message has been received. Seems so simple a feature to lack.2) Sometimes, WIFI signal cuts in and out, even if I'm in the room with the router, it shows 0 signal and I can't browse internet when it cuts out, unless I turn off Wifi and use up my data minutes.3) Phone has major trouble processing mass texts. Labels them "MMS" and then you have to click "message details" to see if there is more than one recipient, then it only shows 2 of the recipients. If you click "recipients" it crashes the message program altogether. Half of all mass texts sent never get delivered or freeze on "downloading". Speaking of MMS, I have only been able to receive about 25% of the picture messages sent to me on this phone.4) Sometimes shows "loading" screen for 5-30 seconds if you jump from internet browser to homepage. Dual-core processing??5) My connection to the AT&T; Network turns off overnight sometimes. I have to restart the phone to get it back on. Displays network on, but shows an "x" for a signal. No explanation.More Minor issues, probably correctable by messing with the settings:6) Email links are not hyperlinked. You have to adjust the settings for emails to "max size", and then most hyperlinks will be available. No excuse for a phone this powerful not to have default hyperlinks in emails.7) Speakerphone. Clearly it's something I'm doing wrong, but it never seems to stay on while I am trying to use it. Keeps switching back to handset mode. There's some setting about flipping it over to automatically turn on/off speakerphone.8) No micro-sd slot? Not a bug, but a complaint. I guess 16 GB is enough, for now. Micro-sd slot helps make your phone more of an mp3/movie player though.I know there is an unofficial update which supposedly fixes the text message notification bug and the wifi bug, but I am hesitant to install it until it is an official release, lest I void my warranty. Returning the phone seems to be the only course of action at this point. May go for the Galaxy 2S Skyrocket or Nokia Lumia 900. If you stick with this phone, download the update, and get a cover!UPDATE: I returned my HTC One X for the Nokia Lumia and I couldn't be happier. To Commenters: Todd: You misunderstood me. Yes, it does come with Ice Cream Sandwich; I meant an upgraded ICS OS, such as version X.2, which fixes the bugs in the initial release of a software. I am not surprised you are a manager at AT&T; as it was the AT&T; employees who convinced me not to get the Lumia 900 in the first place, and to get the droid instead. I have over 600 contacts and I used the outlook contact sync, it took about one minute to get all my contacts over to the Lumia. The only issue is the unavailability of many apps, and the desire of Microsoft for you to use their apps instead of googles, but I knew that issue going in and decided it's not as important to me as a good phone. I'm off to write my rave review about the Lumia now. Thanks Valentin, you were right!

I waited a little too long to upgrade from my old iPhone 3G (not even a 3Gs).  Having experienced just how slow a smartphone can get before becoming completely obsolescent, I wanted a phone with enough RAM and processing power, to remain fast for the next two years until I'm eligible for my next upgrade.  I also wanted a bigger screen and 4G/LTE for better streaming music performance.After a LOT of research, I narrowed my choices to three phones:  the HTC One X, Samsung Galaxy 3, and iPhone 5. Only one of those phones is available NOW in the U.S. (May 2012):  The HTC One X.  I'm glad I didn't wait.  It is a beutiful phone with an incredible display and a great "feel" in the hand. It is also FAST--no matter what I throw at it, it doesn't slow down.If my old iPhone could have held on until this fall, I'd probably wait for the iPhone 5, but I didn't want to settle for a 4S with half the RAM of high-end Android phones like the One X, a 3.5" screen, and only 3G connectivity. Likewise, I considered waiting until the U.S. version of the Galaxy 3 was released, but I just couldn't wait any longer and wasn't convinced it would be a better phone for me than the One X in any case.I read a lot of reviews comparing the One X to the Samsung Galaxy 3.  Bottom line:  it is probably a draw for the most part, with most professional reviewers prefering the case design of the One X, but noting the onboard storage advantage of the G3 with its removable micro sd card.More onboard storage would be nice, but there is no need for tons of onboard storage if you embrace "the cloud."  I use Google music to access my music library, but rely mainly on streaming music (Spotify, SiriusXM) with my unlimited AT&T; data plan and solid 4G LTE coverage where I live (D.C. metro area).  The phone also comes with a Dropbox Pro account with 25 GB of cloud storage for two years.If you need a phone now, and don't want to settle for an iPhone 4S with only ~half a gig of RAM, 3.5" screen, and 3G, this is the best phone available in the U.S.  It will probably be a draw between the One X and G3 if you can wait until mid- late-summer.  If you can wait until the fall, it might be worth seeing what the last device designed by Steve Jobs--the iPhone 5--looks like.

I went from the iPhone 4S to this and this is a great phone. It's very fast and does more than the iphone. Also the display is unbelievable. You can't tell a pixel just like the iPhone display I've owned the mytouch 4g and the HTC incredible and this is much better than the ex king iPhone. Please don't wait any longer and buy this phone! Don't hesitate!

This phone would get 5 stars from me if it did not have locked bootloaders. The locked bootloaders and the lack of an external sd card is disappointing, but there are other online storage options.I will come back and change to 5 stars when the bootloader issue is resolved.

I went from an iPhone 4 to the One X. I wanted faster DL speeds (LTE) and liked the Galaxy Nexus (ICS). One X is okay so far, some bugs - the most irritating one is that visual voicemail doesn't work.Can't beat the deal at $49.99 though.

Incredibly beautiful display, good network speed on HSPA+, blazingly fast on LTE.  Silky smooth operation with no lag at all.  Very good battery life.  The only thing that keeps me from giving it 5 stars is a locked bootloader but then again I'm an enthusiast.  I doubt most users will care about that.

You heard me AT&T!  i don't like Sense and want to run stock ICS.  Wish I had gone with One S or Evo 4G LTE on Sprint.

This phone has many issues that a phone of this price simply should not have.  First and foremost, connectivity is poor.  In multiple side-by-side comparisons the HTC one shows 1 to 2 bars less that the Samsung SII on both cell and wi-fi reception.While in an area with a mere 2 bars wi-fi reception, the HTC one autonomously decides to download a 50MB update file.  This prevented me from accessing FaceBook which was my only way of communicating since the HTC one autonomously blocked wi-fi calling because I did not program in my 911 address on the T-Mobile website (REQUIRE a 911 address for a MOBILE phone?  SERIOUSLY?)  I would have sent an e-mail, but since my SMTP server is completely different from my POP server, the HTC one would not allow me to program an outgoing mail server.Keyboard sensitivity is likewise not adjustable nor are the key images true to the touch points on the screen which results in severe typing errors.  The keyboard can be calibrated which helps syntax and spelling somewhat, but calibration can only be done in the vertical mode.The screen sensitively is so high that I inadvertently allowed the phone to install the aforementioned 50MB update file upon my landing at my home airport.  This update process rendered my phone to an expensive paperweight for 20 minutes and prevented me from phoning for my ride home.Upon returning the device, I realized that I have never seen the battery and asked the rep what happens when the battery fails.  He smiled with a sarcastic smirk and said "It's not supposed to fail, but when it does, you will have to buy a new phone."  Then he handed me my beloved Samsung SIII in exchange.

The main idea behind a phone is COMMUNICATION. The two main forms are audio and text. Dialing someone up with this phone with voice activation (which is an extra charge from your local carrier in many cases) is not so bad. BUT to dial the phone with your finger is absolutely horrible. It rarely recognizes the correct number I am after. Further, all social apps use text format. When using the touch screen to text there is no nice way to put this it simply is the industry WORST. Count on typing the same word over and over to get what you actually want printed on the screen. The auto word complete is unbelievably irritating. Even when you think you have spelled the word of your choice it STILL will sneak in another word for you and in many cases in another language. Mine loves to pop in Spanish and Italian words...yeah...my native language is English. I sent a message to my spouse that was so jacked around she thought I was abusive and sought me out to yell at me only to find out it was the Android auto word complete selecting alternative words from what I originally typed. Ok so naturally I wanted to (and did) turn the auto word complete off. You'd think that would do the trick. NO... Then you have to back space more than you actually type. The touch recognition software rarely gives me the letter I actually want to use. As a man I'd love to say it's my big fingers. But NOPE I have average size fingers and the dam phone still makes me back space more that I type. Now there are so many other great features I don't mind the phone. BUT if you use Twitter, Facebook, everyday text applications you will HATE this phone. If you want a camera, radio, internet browser, GPS or anything else other than the intended purpose of a phone...you know ...like actually communicating with others...then fine. But if you actually want a phone to COMMUNICATE then this one is NOT IT. Try it in the store to make sure you don't have touch screen problems.Also note I have to charge it twice a day if I use it a little. If I actually us it on the internet or has a hot spot ...well ya better just plug it in the wall because it goes dead FAST. I had it checked out at the local store they said this was "Normal" wow...interesting standards for "normal".

The screen is still not as good as on the now two year old iPhone retina display.Slow and laggy due to carrier bloatware and poor Android OS optimization.No micro SD slot AND only 12 of 16 GB memory available for use.  Really?.Locked bootloader which is supposed to be one of the good things about the "open" Android OS.  Open to the carriers but not to the users.Malware and poor software selection and quality.AT&T; LTE is spotty at best.

I just got this phone today. The wireless connection does not work. The signal is very unstable and weak, even I cannot make a call. It is the worst phone I got.

As I work for an Android development firm we got a selection of devices recently. Included in the selection was both the HTC One X (the X) and the Samsung S3 (the S3). Both devices run the Android operating system or a flavour tweaked by either HTC or Samsung. Overall, the performance differences between the two devices are limited. Visually the two devices are quite different to look at. But just feel, the HTC wins easily. Feels much better in the hand than the S3. Personally I prefer the unibody build which HTC have used in this phone. Both devices have ARM-based Quad processors. Pixel density in the screen is higher in the X than the S3. One must remember that Samsung are in the display market in a major way. But again the difference in display density is small (312pixels per inch vs 302 for the S3). I didn't see any difference between the screens, even though they definitely use different technology. Find the HTC Android cleaner and more vanilla than the S3. But you can always put your own Android on a device or tweak the interface. S3 has a lot of bloatware included. Found it irritating to flip through all the apps and prefer the HTC Sense UI. The HTC Sense UI does integrate a lot of services I use, like Dropbox and Skype. You can add these yourself with the S3 but again, its not as intuitive. In terms of camera, the HTC wins for me. Should be noted that both are 8MB. Recording video with the HTC was definitely better. Battery wise, my HTC was running on average 28 hours without a charge. The S3 was running 31 hours on average without a charge and normal daily use. In a normal day, I usually charge at two points anyway - the office and at home. So battery shouldn't be such an issue. There have been some complaints that the S3 doesn't read some NFC tags. The HTC worked with all tags we had.The HTC to me is a better build and HTC have enhanced Android far better than Samsung. It feels strong, like it'll last a long time with the chassis. The S3 feels a bit too fragile and I did scratch the S3 quite easily by mistake. Both phones are very similar. Best to go out and get a feel for both of them. My recommendation is the HTC. Really have to tip my hat to the guys developing it. Really great device. The HTC just won it for me.
