
I've had this phone for almost 4 years and it's still holding strong. When I first got this phone, the pictures were crystal clear and the detail was amazing. The sound quality was wonderful, no static or dropped calls. People could hear me and no matter where I went, battery life lasted about 2 days with constant texting and about 2 calls each day. I've dropped it several times and there are chips at each of the corners, but this hasn't affected its performance at all. Now that I've had this phone for several years, some things have changed. I have the volume all the way up and sometimes open the phone to put it on speaker so that the larger inner speakers can help me hear whomever I'm speaking to. Even then, I have trouble hearing unless there isn't any background noise. The camera is still working well but the pictures aren't as stellar as they once were but it does what I ask it to. There is a photo editing capability within the phone that will allow you to turn and crop the photo as well as add stickers, change the lighting, clarity, etc. But don't confuse this with photoshop or other detailed photo editing apps. It stores a TON of contacts, photos, videos, etc. without complaint. However, it maxes out on text messages and will flash a memory warning whenever you open a new message so that you will go through your inbox and delete past messages. Occasionally (roughly once a month) it will freeze up and I have to remove the battery to reboot it. Other times, it will simply restart itself for no reason and with no warning. After FOUR years, this phone is holding strong and still does what I ask of it. If you don't want a smartphone or a data plan, this is a great phone. I definitely recommend it to parents for their teenagers.

Got this for a Birthday Gift. It was a hit. Wonderful phone for those who love a basic phone. He had broken his, and this was perfect. Thanks Amazon for having just about anything.

I have had 2 of these phones in the last 2+ months. Both failed.1st one: turned off randomly.  VZ navigator worked for about 2 weeks, then the GPS stopped working.  I contacted the vendor (Applewireless) and they replaced it within 10 days.2nd one: within the7-10 days it turned off randomly and will not hold a charge.  I charge it, get 1 text, battery is dead and it shuts down.  I plug it in and it says battery is fully charged!Hoping Applewireless comes through on a refund!  Due to a family emergency, I need a working phone now, so I went to the Verizon store to get one.

It does not work with my fingers. I have R Arithritis and could use right.

I had a cell phone just like this one but damaged it using Radio Shack adaptor for ear jack. The new phone is very similar, which I like. Verizon wanted to sell me one with sliding keyboard, but I wanted the flip open one. It is better made and will hold up longer. Just glad to have my kind of phone again. It was better priced than those Verizon offered me.

I keep getting this phone when ever I need a new phone. It's very durable and easy to use. Thank you!

I received my phone earlier than expected.  I am very pleased with the LG OCTANE. It looked absolutely new i the box.  I've been using it for a week and have had no echo problems or any other problems.  I switched from my Droid Smartphone and dropped $45/ mo in data fees that I wasn't using.  The texting on the LG is easier since it has a physical keyboard...and the voice quality is good. I just decided that I don't need to check FB & email every 15 minutes.  If you want high quality voice and text...you should definitely chech out this phone.

Sometimes cuts out on calls, also often speech is not understandable. Not better than the envy2 I replaced.  Eady to use

Received my two LG Octane cell phones very quickly. I searched for what I wanted and they arrived very quickly and they were very easy to activate with Verizon.  They are great phones.  Thank you very much!!! I would recommend seller to others with out hesitation.

I had a previous LG Octane phone and loved it.  Unfortunately, it was in a jean pocket and went through the washing machine.  I must say I put it in a bag of rice for several days and it worked again except for a couple of keys on the keyboard which made texting somewhat difficult.  I could  have lived with this phone if need be but wanted one with a full working keyboard. I looked for this phone everywhere and was so glad to find it on Amazon.  I ordered the phone and it was shipped to me by Apple Wireless.  I have nothing but praise for this vendor.  They shipped it to me on the 27th and I received it the next day.  Shipping was also free.  I would order from this company again without any doubt.  As far as the phone, if you are looking for just a basic phone for making and receiving calls, texting, and taking pictures, this is the phone for you.  I love, love, love it and will make sure this one does not end up in the washing machine.

I would definately buy from this seller again. The phone worked perfectly. He said there would be a few scratches on the screen from wear and tear. My husband and I have the same phone and the one I bought for my son looked just as good as ours. We have had ours for over 2 years. I was worried that I couldn't transfer the phone to Verizon. I asked the seller about it and he told me it would not be a problem. It wasn't. It took me less than 10 minutes to transfer my son's old phone for this one.

Its was what I wanted but had to send it back cause some buttons didn't work. The Bluetooth didn't work and the reception was bad. Could not program the phone.

The phone is solid and a good performer for a basic phone.  It is clearly, the best of the last four flip phones that I have had.  It appears the manufacturers are not interested in producing good basic phones.  The want us to purchase smart phones. Unfortunately, the ear plug jack is 2.5mm. Most of mine are 3.5mm.  Waste of time getting a converter. Just purchase a 2.5mm with mic and earbuds.

I liked the OCTANE LG  so much that when I lost it and got it  stolen  there was no other cell phone I could replace it with in terms of high quality. I received the OCTANE LG many days sooner than promised, and it only took me 10 seconds to activate it. The speaker is very clear and loud. The keyboard is large, sturdy and thick ( not found with other  keyboard cells ). It takes good pictures and great 30 sec. videos with clear sounds, plus the battery lasts super long. I dont need internet on my phone, and this phone is the best!

I was expecting something akin to the original LG Octane.  That it was in looks only.  Otherwise the performance was terrible.  Sound was awful.  It was like the speaker had been set to low and no amount of adjustment could change it.  Signal strength was poor also.  The operation of the phone was exactly like the original, but signal strength and sound quality was bad.

Works well. The only think I do not like is that these keys are a bit different than my last phone and since I text so much, I am always hitting a &#34;b&#34; button  when I want to hit the space bar. The space bar seems to be off center to then left and therefor use the left thumb where before it was more to right and used the right  thumb. I could be a creature of habit and need to adjust! I like  that it locks and I don't purse dial anymore! I also purchased the rubber case for it for peanuts also on amazon and it works well and is somewhat protected and easier to hold.

I wanted the same model as my previous Octane Cell Phone.  .  It is so functional and I am able to talk and text(with the buttons) easily.  Touch screens are very frustrating and messy.  Two screens front and inside make it much easier for viewing.

This was a replacement for my Octane that took a bath. I like the phone so much and couldn't get one from Verizon because they no longer make that phone.

This is a backup for my original phone that I have had almost 3 years.  I love it that is why I purchased another even though mine is still good.  Ordered it Thursday the 10th and it came today.  I will not be turning it on yet so hope it will still be good when I actually activate it.  So glad it was still available.

easy to use, perfect for talk and text only. texting required for my job, and talk with co-workers (trucking industry).

For my needs, this is a perfect phone. I don't need all the bells and whistles of a smart phone, along with the data package charges. For my texting needs, there is a full-sized qwerty keyboard, which is much superior to those keyboards that slide out on other phone models. My only complaint is that even on the highest setting, the volume is not loud enough. For that reason I gave it 4 stars.

My husband is not a technogeek.  This phone is what he wants.  I got it for Father's Day, and it arrived on time.  I have not used it yet, but the seller sent me information on what to do if I have any problems.  Sure it will be better than the five year old phone he has now.

THE LG OCTANE PHONE IS EASY TO USE. I WISHED THEY STILL MADE THEM. IT WILL DO ALL I NEED IN A PHONE.

This is my second phone when i got the first one it broke and was replaced immediately !! Great job !!!

I LOVE this cell phone... especially the speaker phone.. I use it open all the time especially if I'm typing.. no feed back or tunnel feeling for the other person I'm speaking with!!  Plus I live out in the boonies and it has exceptional reception.

Needed a replacement phone for my child.  Arrived in great shape, works great and has the physical qwerty keyboard.  Very happy with this purchase.

We have been using this model phone for several years.  My wife lost her phone and we had to replace it.  She was not in need of a smart phone and did not want the additional monthly cost.  After using the only &#34;basic&#34; phone Verizon has available, we purchased this NOS phone.

The shipping was very fast!  I bought this for a friend who has a plan for no smart phones....works like a champ!

I had bought my teenage daughter one of these phones when they first came out.  My younger daughter (13 year old) needed a new cell phone due to dropping hers and destroying the screen.  The camera on this phone is nice.  The phone is simple to use.  Overall I believe this phone is a nice little phone (if you aren't into all the bells and wistles).

Great phone nothing fancy but does its job well. I don't need a phone that does every little thing thats what a computer is for. They also shipped the phone fast came neatly packaged you could tell they take time and care of the products they ship...

I bought the octane to replace my old one i dropped in the water. The phone would not work after i charged the battery, so i took it to my Verizon store and found out the battery was bad. I contacted the seller by email and never received a reply that's why only gave it 3 stars

This is my second LG octane cell phone i just love this phone and i do not want a smart phone i was glad i found this phone on line because Verizon does not carry this phone anymore and i did not like the choices they had in there stores.

The phone worked well as a replacement for a lost hone . I saved a lot of money as I was in mid contract..

It was posted as New Verizon LG Octane cellphone.  When I got the phone I did not think it was NEW  when I went to Verizon store to transfer my #  I asked the manager if it was a new phone he said he did not think so.  So I should of sent it back but I didn't it is a pain to do that.  The front screen has a slight film on it looked at it in the night should have looked at it in the day light.  When you say NEW make sure and send NEW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Key pad is good and it's a great phone to have if you don't need a smart phone . I use my iPad for Internet. I like it so much that I purchaed two in case I break one :-)

I love this phone soooo much... it has all I need.  great camera...great keyboard...great size and is sturdy...again I love this phone so much that I have ordered another one and really thinking about maybe getting 2...just sayin..Its sad that the only choices I have at Verison is 3 crappy phones or the spendy Iphones or Droids... I dont need or wantto use those types of phones... but still want a quality phone that stands up to everyday use and thats what I get with the Octane!!!Brenda of Sioux Falls, SD

I have had this phone for 2+ years now and it is super durable and Great for Texting with the almost "tiny Laptop Feel & Look" to it with it's QWERTY keyboard. Much better in my opinion to a slider phone with the QWERTY keyboard that just slides down. This has several positions when open that it "Snaps" into to Text(or whatever else you are doing when open). Also if you are really an "Old School Texter", you can use the front number/symbols buttons to Text! Also I am still using the same battery that it came with and it still holds almost the same charge as when it was new 2 years ago! This is just an Amazing Phone that is Super Highly Recommended! I LOVE MY LG OCTANE PHONE!!!BEST PHONE I EVER OWNED!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR JUST A SIMPLE AND EASY TO USE PHONE, AND GREAT FOR TEXTING!! THIS REALLY IS A EASY & SIMPLE TEXTING PHONE AS WELL!! JUST AWSOME!!

The phone works wonderfully!! It was a lot cheaper than going to Walmart for a prepaid phone. I love this phone it is so much like my old envy.

I have had this phone for over 3 years and it still works great. I am buying another here for my husband because the 4 options at the Verizon website & store for basic phones are terrible. I have a 16 GB micro SD card memory chip in this phone with lots of music (and it fits a 32GB chip as well but I switched that to my Samsung Galaxy media player). It has 2 speakers built in that provide amazingly good sound if you want to hear it without earbuds.  I bought the plug converter at the link below on Amazon that allows standard 3.5mm earbuds to be plugged into the adaptor which then plugs into the older style 2.5mm hole in the phone.  This adapter auto answers the phone with the push of a button on the adapter if you are listening to music and want to answer the call.  The adapter also has a volume roller on it.  I love this adapter for when I take walks with music, the microphone/answer button/volume roller part clip to my shirt.  You could use this adapter and put 1 earbud in your ear while driving to answer the phone if you have an older car without Bluetooth.  The Bluetooth works very well in newer cars so that music and phone calls come through the car speakers.  I text a lot and the keyboard has big buttons compared to for instance the Samsung Intensity that my daughter has, and clicks so you have positive feedback that you entered your data. The phone flips open length wise which gives you a larger inside screen to see your texts bigger than on the newer slider keyboard phones where you only have the front smaller screen. I set the hotkeys (directional keys) to have fast access to calender, music player, text inbox and photos/camera.  The camera is 3.2 megapixels which is better than most basic phones.  The best part of this phone is that when you use the USB cable to pug it into a computer, it just becomes an extra drive that you can drop-and-drag stuff to, instead of having to load the Verizon music player.  Even with playing music a lot it holds it charge for a few days.  I set multiple alarms for daily, Mon-Fri, Weekends, Select days.  I do not use mobile web on this but it does have the option to do so if you have a data plan.  My whole reason to get this phone was to have a phone with tons of features that does not require a data plan. It is a great phone.Here is the adapter that plugs into the 2.5mm hole on the phone and accepts standard 3.5mm earbud plugs:B001P4OADS

ive had my phone for 2 years & it has never given me a problem voice clarity is fantastic!!!! every thing about this phone is fantastic why cant you just renew your contract with verizon&keep your old phone?????????? not every body wants or needs a smart phone& most of the basic phones they now offer are pieces of junk any way i love my phone

THIS PHONE HAD GOOD RATINGS SO I DECIDED TO TRY IT. THE VOLUME ON THIS PHONE IS VERY LOW COMPARED TO OTHERS. IF IT RINGS, YOU BETTER HOPE THAT IT IS NEAR BY SO YOU CAN HEAR IT. ALSO, THE BATTERY LIFE IS VERY SHORT, SO IF YOU TALK/USE THIS PHONE MUCH, YOU CAN EXPECT TO CHARGE IT A COUPLE OF TIMES A DAY.

I've had this phone for about a month now and I'm very happy with it. I didn't want a phone that required that I pay for data each month.  I'm on the computer constantly at work and I really don't like the idea of walking around with a little computer in my purse.  The voice clarity is much better than my old Samsung, and it is real easy to use.  I would buy this phone again.

I love my new Verizon LG Octane Cell Phone.  It is easy to use.  My only problem with this phone is that the keys are too small for my fingers.

This was a replacement phone for the exact item that I had damaged ...and it was no longer available through Verizon, and I was very pleased to find it on Amazon.

replaced the one I had, so did not have to deal with learning how to use another device. came complete with battery, charger in excellent condition. It was shipped promptly and I received it in 3 days.

I already have this phone and didn't want to get a different one so I bought another one! I love this!

I prefer not to switch phones, as it requires a learning curve.But, this phone, while still not a &#34;smart&#34; phone, provides all of the convenience I want in a phone.The slight increase in weight, needed for a flip open keyboard, is worth the convenience for far easier function.

SMART PHONES ARE NOT ALWAYS SMART AND I DO NOT WANT A SMART PHONE AND I LIKE THIS FLIP STYLE WITH LETTERS TO TYPE

This phone died pretty quickly on me. I had it for maybe two months before it started losing its charge, so I replaced the battery. That wasn't it. The phone actually died on me, so now I'm out the cost of the phone and the new battery.

This is as close as you can get to a smartphone without a mandatory data plan (Verizon).This phone does not fall apart, the hinges are very strong.I used this phone for two years so far without any case or screen protector.Clearly the top 1 star review is wrong,or they don't know how to treat electronics.I have three complaints though....Once in a great while calls echo, just hangup and redial, it is just a "bad line", not the phone.The headphone jack is not 3.5mm, but smaller.Connecting the phone to Windows is hit and miss, but I have Windows XP.You can also use this phone as a modem with Verizon's VZ Manager software.It has basic voice commands, a great camera and so much more. Amazing, this was my 1st LG phone.BEST cell phone I've ever owned!

I love my octane! I went swimming with my other one and was so glad to find this one because verizon does not carry it anymore.

I tried to find this phone everywhere since I had my old one for nearly three years but the mike was going bad.  When I found it on Amazon, I immediately ordered it and love it.

this is our second octane... love it... love it... love it... it does everything it is supposed to do as a basic phone... texting is so easy, we love the full size of the  keypad... battery lasts and reception is always great! Wish LG kept producing this model!

I needed a replacement phone for my son who is very hard on these little devices. This was a great low cost solution, which arrived in perfect shape. It's exactly what was advertised.

The only outstandingly bad feature is that it has a 14 mm jack for headphones, as compared to the regular 16mm Jack that  computers use.

I bought two of them. One for my wife and one for my son.  Great phones at a great price.

I like the way this phone works. I like the large keyboard also. The ringer doesn't seem that loud and it has a permanent looking water spot on the screen that doesn't seem to affect the performance. I decided to not send it back because  I got it for 100.00. Other that that swift shipping and phone functions well so far .I have only had it a month.

There are limited non data phones that are actually note worthy.  My husband has had one for 1.5 years and recommended to me when my intensity was going bad.  Is similar to the intensity, but there is still some getting use to.  The battery life doesn't seem to hold as well, but maybe be just my adjustment to it.

I love this phone. At first the pictures were cloudy. Ha! I had to remove the tiniest piece of plastic from the lense.

It was a good phone and they said it had a little scratches on it and that was all. Otherwise it works good.

My husband has had this phone for a couple years. Its a shame they discontinued it. Very durable for our jobs we do. It has lasted a  long time. I now have the same phone. Camera and video work good, and if you like us just like to talk and text its perfect for your need. Battery life is good which we need for our jobs, unlike all these new phones that the batteries go dead in an hour.

wife has used hers for years. when I wanted an inexpensive phone solution it seemed an obvious choice. does not require a pricey data plan. works very well for calling and texting.

Great phone for the price.  Really liked the display.  Voice quality is clear.  Would recommend to anyone wanting a basic phone.

I was bummed because Verizon no longer offers this phone. I am not interested in a phone with a data package. I took a chance and ordered this phone a few days ago. I have already received it and am using it already. Just like brand new. I am very satisfied. I was able to activate the phone in about 5 minutes.

If all you need is the ability to make calls and text, this is all you need.  Sound quality is fairly good, other basic amenities available on the phone if needed.  Camera okay, but don't expect to take the picture memorable pics on it, just a quick capture of the moment.  It is all I need and great quality for the price.  Also holds a charge very well.

This is a great phone! Easy to use and durable. I would recommend this phone for anyone. The dealer I would recommend highly to purchase from. They will treat you right!!

This phone had so many issues when I bought it. I was extremely disappointed. It would receive a message and tell me that it came from another contact in my phone! This created many issues. It would also restart constantly. I was so excited when my upgrade came so that I could get rid of it.

I did NOT purchase from this seller.  I purchased it directly from Verizon.  This phone lasted six months and fell apart.  I am not hard on my phones at all.  I even purchased a protector case for it, and it still fell apart.  The hinges became loose, and the phone no longer stayed closed.  I have two friends who have the same phone, and a similar problem is happening to them. Very cheaply made.  I went out and searched for a used LG Env2 phone like the one I used to have--that phone is a tank (awesome).

I like this phone because of the keypad I have  very bad arthritis in my hands The numbers on the keypad feel as if they are raised a little it also looks nice I would recommend

Already owned one just replaced it because I wore out the letter S & E and send on the keypad.

I really love the good old fashion phone, it has been my favorite for years.  I have had no problems so far!!!

Buyer beware. Despite the description saying these are brand new these phones are not. I received mine and had a friend at verizon verify whether it was new or not and it was in fact used on another account and is a reconditioned/refurbished phone. So it looks new but it is not new at all. If you don't believe me, once you get ur phone call up verizon and ask them if the esn is a new or used. Can't believe they are allowed to false advertise like this.

I really like the phone.  It is sturdy and I love the keyboard which is larger than other ones I have had.  Some of the features take quite a few steps to access.  Other than that, I have no other dislikes.  I would definitely recommend it.  Most people could figure out how to use the features easier than I did.

Although this is .it a smart phone, it is a sturdy, dependable phone for all who want a singleplease basic phone.

The phone works great since being activated.  It seems to be a tough and sturdy design. Came as described new with no defect or scratches.  Over all this phone is a deal for persons looking for a replacement without needing to purchase a phone with a high price tag or being placed in a predicament in renewing an one or two year contract.

I ordered this as a replacement for my other &#34;dumb phone&#34; when the screen went out and I effectively lost all of my contacts. I was concerned that it wouldn't work with my Verizon plan (I'm currently done with my contracted time so I wanted to bring in my own equipment at way less than retail rather than having to start another 2-yr agreement). The phone arrived, powered up, activated easily (I didn't even have to go online to do it), and I was in business.

Was nowhere near new... Buttons worn to the point where you couldn't see the characters VERY DISAPPOINTED. Will not buy from them again!

Great keyboard for these geriatric hands and eyes.  I still tend to hit the &#34;send&#34; button when I just want to say &#34;ok&#34;.  Not too small nor large; not easy to lose.  No WIFI or favorite games, like solitaire, but perfect for my needs.

The phone arrived on the designated arrival date.  The enclosed directions were easy to follow. Loved this smartest of dumb phones

So my Dad-in-law damaged his cell so I decided to give this one a chance.  I have never bought a cell online, outside of carrier, and I am happy.  The cell was brand new - not even a piece of lint.  I bought the screen protector and cell case cover all from here.  Thank you for treating me right guys!

Just starting using it today, seems to be a great phone so far, volume is loud enough and keyboard a good size for me.

I have already been using this phone for years. My case broke and I never replaced it, so I started dropping the phone! Without a case, the phone is slippery!! Eventually, I could not hear on the phone and adjusting the volume was not helping. Since I am not ready to move on to a Smartphone, I was glad to see that Amazon had my LG Octane available! I am still very happy using this phone, it's great!

I am only a voice and text person.  I am really sorry they do not offer this phone at Verizon any longer.

this is by far the best phone i've ever owned.  i'm pretty rough with phones and this lil thing is amazing.  its been dropped in a toilet, in a cup of vodka and once i put it in bag of white rice and let it dry out works perfectly.  i've thrown this thing at concrete steps and it didn't break.  keypad is so easy to type on also.  i'm buying another one as a back up just in case

I have owned the same phone for 2.5 years and is still running.  Liked it so much decided to buy me a new one, and pass up the &#34;free&#34; phone offers from Verizon.  Battery life is eternal, and does everything I need when I am away from the computer (which is very limited).  The best part, I save $120+ dollars/yr by not having the cell data plan charges!!  I may be a lonely Mohican, but I am a happy one.

Do Not buy from cellular seller.. I purchased this phone and they said it was in very good condition. When I received it the front screen was so scratched up I couldn't read it and it's constantly freezing up so I have to pull the battery at least twice a day. I notified the seller and they said they would send out a phone in better condition! When I received the phone it was in worse condition than the first both screens are scratched and the hinge is extremely loose... ridiculous I am VERY unsatisfied!!

I purchased this phone for my mom who will just use it to make phone calls and text once in awhile.  So far no complaints. Great little phone.

I have had several of this model phone, this one shuts down when it feels like it and it takes fuzzy pics. I have never had that problem with any of my other phones that were just like it. Very Disappointed! ! !

The LG Octane was delivered as promised....new in the Verizon box.  We bought it for my 78 year old mother for Christmas so she could learn how to text.....she loves the phone and she loves the fact that she can text now,

I chose to rate this 1 star because I got the phone on time and all but I got it broken i don't know if it broke en route or they sent it to me broken but I got a broken phone

It's an excellent basic phone.

great  phone

This phone is amazing!! I absolutely loved it! It works great, has a amazing screen and battery lasts forever!! The buttons are easy to text on and even make a phone call quick. The keyboard is easy to type on. The phone itself is really easy to run, its not like the smart phones now a days that are complicated, this phone is very simple and easy to run. Its very self explanitary. I would reccommend this phone to anyone that doesn't want to be on a smart phone plan!! Its amazing!!!

Easy to type and text, nice big qwerty board. This is a flip phone which in my opinion is easier to use than phones that &#34;slide&#34;. The battery doesn't seem great, but maybe I need to let it completely discharge, then fully charge. Had no trouble whatsoever with the seller. Phone arrived new in a Verizon box. You will have to read the user's manual online, as there is no printed version included. Verizon activated the phone for me, but I think you can do that online. If you don't need a fully-smart phone this is the best option.

I like my Octane, basically because it's very much like my enV3 I passed down to my granddaughter.  BUT ... even though it's set at HIGH, since the speakers are inside the phone, with no outside opening, it's not very easy to hear when it rings.  I have to put the phone face down to hear it a little better if I'm not right next to it.  The other problem is the 2-minute reminder if I miss a text .... it's VERY LOW, and there's no way to make it louder.  I check the phone often to make sure I haven't missed a text or call.

I have had a LG Octane cell phone for almost 4 yrs. now and love it. I am not ready fora smart phone yet. I got my son the same phone for his birthday. He has had so many problemswith all of the others. So far he likes it and has not had a problem.

LOVE THIS PHONE !!!! Easy to use.....great sound, pictures, simple, can add features later if you like.... not into smart phones !!! live on a computer all day at work !!!!

In the review, it's said do not need a data plan, but it actually does need one! And it's so complicated to return it and get the refund!

This is the greatest phone ever...I don't need a smart phone...I have an Octane which is the closest thing to a smart phone without being one...I have a laptop at home and I don't need to carry a computer with me. The Octane has an incredible navigation system...It takes me where I need to go

We got this phone to replace my daughter's broken phone. So far she loves it! The keyboard works well, and the phone seems very sturdily built - better than her previous phone, which was also an LG. The phone and accessories look to be in 'like New' condition.
