
got phone delivery was longer than expected. Phone was unable to hook up girl selling item had contract on it and didnt pay bill so we could not activate the phone. Very disappointing lost alot of business without a phone. will NEVER purchase threw 3 party again.

was very disapointed when i open the box and the phone was ice cold!!!!! not packed right ,it did not come with a charger, it just shows you how  some companies are quick to take your money, and throw your item in a box and ship it with such disregard to the paying customer

I bought this for my sixteen year old grandaughter for CHRISTmas; therefore it won't be activated until then. It appears to be in great shape. Delivery was fast and phone was packaged well for shipping. Would recommend.

Even though the phone does not work for my particular needs, the vendor has a very good reaction, they call me promptly and really they care and try to understand my needs, I feel they are accountable and try to satisfy the customer, in my on line shopping experience I can say I was very positive surprised by this company, the best customer care experience I ever had.

I just got my iPhone from this company and the shipping didn't take long. It took 4 days and I opened the box, which had a charger in it but no outlet so it was kinda pointless, but they're not that much so its okay. The product is ok, if you order from this company though I suggest you Email them and ask let anything that would ever concern you. Ask about the ESN, if it slow, or anything like that. I got it and everything couldn't be more perfect except that, it takes about 30 seconds to scroll up and down . It's really annoying but It doesn't happen often but when it does it takes forever. Good purchase overall. Don't forget to ask questions, no offense, but they don't tell you crap in the description.

It was a great price. However, it does not have a slot for a sim card on the side. Aside from that, it is good.

My phone stopped working after only 5 months normal used. since it did not come with any warrantee, I was told it costs $150.00 to get a replacement due to phone set system/software issue

The phone was not able to be activated.  It gives an error.  I will be returning it for a refund.

I really enjoy the IPhone 4. I have only had a few minimal problems with it but nothing significant. It does what I want of it and that is all I need.

Product was great! Could not tell that it was used! Perfect condition with no scratches, scuffs or any marks! Works great and had no issues getting it activated.

I ordered this phone from Warehouse Deals Inc., thinking this would be a credible transaction.  The phone was sent in good physical condition.  However, it might as well be a piece of rubbish, since I was told by Sprint that the phone is still attached to a customer account, and I cannot use it.  It is a very deceptive business practice not to advertise the fact that the phone looks pretty, but you will NEVER be able to use it. I must assume the phone is likely stolen, if it has not been released by the customer. Two hundred dollars worth of hogwash. I am sorely disappointed.  This was a birthday gift for my son. The only redemption will be not being given a hassle in the process of getting a refund.

I have no problem purchasing refurbished products. I also know that they may have some blemishes. In this case there were no blemishes on the front or back of the phone (and only very very minor ones one side). This was important as it was a gift for my son and he would notice if the item looked 'used.' Safe to say - he was very happy.  I was very happy to see that the phone had be upgraded to the newest version of iOS.  That was a bonus (especially since I haven't done the same to my phone). The item came when promised (before Xmas) and was boxed nicely with a few accessories.

I would give this zero if I could. I received my "refurbished iPhone" and took it to Sprint to have it turned on.  Guess what?  They will not turn it on because the phone was stolen and is still currently attached to an active Sprint account.  They kept the phone to return it to its owner.  I doubt I will get my money back.

The phone was perfect nothing wrong at all looks like it came right out of the box. Thank you guys a lot

Overall this was a great purchase.  My only concern is the on/off button sticks and that was not pointed out when I made the purchase.

wife loves the phone was in brand new condition when we got no problems out of it she loves it no compliants here

I have had this phone for a month now and it is the best phone I have ever had. I have more access to the internet on it and I get tons of cool apps for free. I have enjoyed this phone a lot more than I did my last one.

not bad, just like mine and new, and a lot cheaper than anyone else. six more words required, two, one!

When i recieved the phone a couples months ago i was very upset because it has a lot of scrathes on the back and a scrape on the metal part i would like a new one i spent too much money for a scratched phone

Horrible experience from the very beginning. Got package late. Open the box and there was not any tissue paper, shipping peanuts, air bubbles, anything. Just the phone being shaken around freely during shipment. Take the phone (iPhone) out of the box and the camera flash is not working. Which means the flashlight/ camera flash is not functional at all. Not happy at all!

This was billed as a previously owned device but there is no sign of it.  I purchased the expedited delivery and had it in 2 days.  I know I saved at least $70 over buying the same device from a Sprint store.

Its perfect! Really cool device. I like that you don't have to replace the battery. Not too crazy about the whole ITunes thing, Im not big into ITunes. But I love the phone.

I was pleased with the quality and easy set up of the iPhone for an existing business line - the transfer was seemless.

The phone is great there are a few features that I miss from my android. Still getting use to the phone.

Love everything about the phoneIt's Apple almost everyone loves AppleI would recomend to anyoneMy friend will be getting one

Hey I have no problems with the phone. But i guess one speaker is out, so audio isn't loud enough to hear through conversations... but hey no prob, I'll get a speaker

This iPhone can not be activated in Brazil.  Existing technology here is gsm. Therefore cdma technology does not work here. I was very frustrated because I had no information that the iPhone would not work. Just looked for unlocked phones. Did not know you had iPhones that could not be activated in Brazil.

It was what I expected. Nice function and good price comparing to the Sprint retail store.If you do not like to have 2yr contract of i-phone, Definitely this is right for you.

It arrived on time, was wrapped well.. And I haven't had a problem it..no scratches or crack.. And was able to use with sprint as said...  Thanks

The phone arrived on time and was clean.  Needed it to replace a cracked phone and so glad I ordered this one.  Had it for about a month now and there have been no problems.

The item I received was brand new only problem was after 3 weeks of not being used when I went to charge it the phone would not turn on .

All of the paper work I received with the phone said it was &#34;brand new.&#34;  When the camera did not work, the vendor suggested I take it to an Apple Store.  At the store, it was discovered that the phone had been previously purchased and turned in for repairs.  The Apple Store gave me a new phone as a replacement which works perfectly.  I don't know if the vendor knew that I was sold a used phone or not, but he said he would refund me $30 for my inconvenience.

The phone is just great it has every thing a person really needs and it comes with a good cellular provider that offers a unlimited data plan thats just makes it amazing nothing wrong with phone gives you what is promised to give.

I bought this for my 14 year old daughter for christmas. I was afraid she would not like the fact it wasn't an iphone 5 but could not justify spending that much for a christmas gift . But that was not the case- she loves it and it meets her needs for what she uses it for: texts, faceitme, internet etc. She loves it and has not complained once. If you want the iphone and dont want to spend nearly $500 nor get into a 2 year commitment with a cell phone carrier this is the way to go!

I was so hesitiant to buy an iphon after reading all the reviews but i made the leap and did it anyway. and i am beyond satisfied. this phone is perfect. best buy i have made

I was expecting my order on Monday.  It came on Friday, I couldn't be happier.  The phone looks brand new.  I purchased this phone for my grandson.  He is only 4 and he lost the one that had been given to him as a hand me down.  I just couldn't see buying a new phone for him ( iphones are a little on the expensive side for a 4 year old ) When I saw this one on amazon I thought well its worth giving it a try..... I couldn't be any happier..... Seeing my grandson's smile is the best part of all!!!!!!!!Thank You so much..... I would definitely recommend purchasing from this supplier.Thanks again.....

My last phone was stolen, wanted a fast replacement and I got exactly what I wanted. Used phone but looks brand new and works great!

This phone came in the condition that was described. I've been using it ever since and it hasn't let me down.... My Sprint service is another story! Overall I'm completely satisfied with the seller and the product!

thanks for the phone. I recommend people buying products from you in the feature your once again thanks for the phone

My wife lost her iphone and I needed a quick rerplacement. The phone was an earlier model but it was still new in box. This will keep her happy till she qualifies for her new Iphone 5

I love this iphone. 5 starssss..i was a bb user but once i started it using my iphone i got stuck

Got package on time. Highly recommend!! Won't be a let down. Was every thing I was searching for, and for a reasonable price

I loved this phone I was very pleased with how everything was gone about. Still using the phone and dont plan to stop until my plan updates, Loving my phone so much!

After about a week of having the phone the speaker went on it. I wasnt happy at all. Wish there was a return policy for certain things.

who ever sold me this phone it was reported stolen by the person selling it who does such a thing

I bought this i phone it stated it was &#34;ready to activate&#34; and that it was for sprint and new.  It came in a crappy box not apple, wrapped in tissue paper  with 2 nonapple chargers everything in Chinese.its not even a sprint phone its a non brand phone IDK if that means its locked or unlocked but i know it is not a sprint phone. I called Sprint they told me I cannot activate this phone because it is not a sprint phone so i contacted the seller for a refund since i just got it 2 weeks ago and just tried to activate it.  The seller responded that it just needs to be taken to the Sprint store.(well he said it was ready to be activated so right there that was a lie).  So i was very doubtful but decided to try anyway and they told me the same thing, you can't activate the phone it is not a sprint Iphone.  and its also not new if it was new it would have been in apples box, not some chinese knockoff box.  It may not even be an iphone it may be some Knockoff chinese brand.all I know is the seller did not want to refund my money he made me waste my time going to a sprint store and waiting for an hour just to be told the same thing.  Now I have filed a claim to get a refund because i paid 199.00 for a phone I cant even use and I have an upgrade in 3 weeks anyway.

I love the phone it works and looks great.Thank you so much by far the best out there thank you...

great to work with, we needed the order quickly and they made sure we got it before we left for vacation!

This iphone was perfect. Barely had any dents or scatches, it was basically brande new! I would definitely considering ordering from this person again.

This is my son's first phone.  He was thrilled.

I was really surprised about the quality of a refurbished phone. It was perfect and easy. and inexpensive enough not to waste money on insurance and that process

received the phone quickly, though this says black I received a white one which is just as good reguardless.. nothing wrong with the seller or anything just the phone itself has a few quirks I think is due to maybe the phone company. other then that it is in great condition

Recieved the package very quickly, much sooner than we expected.. And the product was just perfect! Phone was jus like brand new!ThanksTgauley

I bought this iphone 4 thinking that it would be readily available for use. It was still under the seller's cell phone account and could not be activated. A peice of advise for buying a used phone: make sure it is not currentlly in use by the seller. Other than that the phone was in great condition and had all the equipment like head phones and charger.

love the iPhone. Had an issue with the charging, I think because I needed to charge it & use it and the charge I had may have been faulty so my I got one from my carrier and it has been Wonderful ever since. I contacted the seller to let them know my problems and they were More The Helpful! They even offered to replace the phone if that was what I wanted to do! That's rare my friend!!! I am HAPPY and I will recommend them to fam & friends for sure! Thank you! ;) Toni

We had a situation where we went to pick up the iPhone at the post office, and the package had been cut open and the phone was missing. Noble Planet was great and they sent us another one, with no cost to us. They truly stand behind their service!

Perfect condition, great phone, case included! The phone is in perfect condition, but I did not recieve a connecter for the wall piece, however I have one!

The seller of this phone is not specific in every detail..he did not mentioned that you could only use this phone for only for Sprint and so I bought it thinking that I could use it with a SIM card but I couldn't...200$went to waste and he didn't return my full amount he charged me to resell it and he charged me to send it back so I ended paying more for a iPhone that I can't use.....overall it sucks n ask all questions before buying it...

I am generally pleased with the purchase and delivery time. In good condition and came with all the parts and had me back in business within a few minutes of delivery. The only draw back is that there seems to be something sticky about one of the icons that makes the mail and other applications stutter sometimes. Other than that, great purchase!

The phone was damaged around the edge and looked like it had been abused.  It clearly did not meet the &#34;used but good&#34; description.  I had to pay to ship it back which shall not be the case when I am not satisfied with my purchase.

I purchased this phone for my 14 year old and he loves it.  Great condition!We have no complaint/issues. Thanks

The phone is very nice and is working great. It keeps up with my teenage daughter. She loves it!! The service quality is very good too!

The package came on time and looked new which is about the only good thing I can say.The moment the phone was activated it had problems (it wasnt able to download any apps among other things) and the packaging was basically the phone wrapped in tissue paper.The charger they sent is clearly a "knock off" and does not fit into the outlet or phone properly.This is SUCH a hassle!!! I would rather be phone-less. AVOID AVOID AVOID

This product doesn't even cut on and the power button is not even connected to the phone... I paid $154.00 for and this is the phone i get a broken phone. i need my money back or a new phone sent.

I purchased a refurbished iPhone 4 from NYC Blackberry and was very impressed with their service. I asked the seller a couple questions about the product, and they responded immediately in a very professional manner. After I ordered the phone, it was shipped and arrived promptly. It was exactly what was specified in the description, and they threw in a couple cases and a car charger to boot. I activated the phone the next day and it works perfectly. Thank you NYC Blackberry!

I bought this from cellular stream and the thing came in the original box and even cellophane wrapped with all the extras!! looks brand new and works great..... so far so good!!  Would def recomend this seller and the phone for people who dont need the latest greatest thing out. Thanks Cellular Stream!!

My daughter had broken her phone and i thought it would take weeks to get to our house but it was just a few days.  Great Job....

When this product was listed as used, I got a little worried. It looks feels and for all intensive purposes is a brand new iPhone. If it was used they sure fooled me. Great deal.

This product cannot be unlocked, and it is only good for Sprint companies. Do not be mislead to buy without finding out the facts.

My sons phone was stolen, and we still had to pay for the monthly service. So we got this as a replacement phone and it was in very good condition!

I bought what I thought was a new phone and instead was sent a stolen or lost phone. Gave this to my mom for Mother's Day. Felt terrible.

I bought a Used Sprint iPhone 4. I recieved it and it looked brand new with brand new looking accessories. The only and MAIN problem was when i tried to activate this phone, it said it can't be activated because this phone is already activated on another account. Hm? I need to activate this phone right now but i can't because for some reason it is on somebody else's accont. I need this phone, that i paid for, deactivated so i can use it.Thank you!

After receiving the iPhone 4 I called to activate it and the customer service representative told me I could not because it was reported lost or stolen!!!!!

I am very Happy with the quality of the phone! I purchase for my son who broke his iPhone. So i couldn't spend much.. It did tooked a little longer to receive it, it has a few scratches. But i believe they did mention that on ad. So, so happy with this purchase!

This phone had been carefully repackaged to appear "like new" but someone had actually placed a fake sticker with a fake serial number over the actual information to make it appear legitimate.The Sprint rep looked up the actual serial number in the system and it had been reported as lost or stolen.  This was a huge waste of time and money and if there isn't  a way to check the serial number in advance, don't bother buying a phone this way unless it's worth it to you to chance it.

Bad esn. Do not buy. Ruined my kid's Christmas. This was supposed to be a new in the box phone but it could not be activated because the code is already in used.

I bought this iPhone under the understanding that it was "Like new" I first got the packaging that was a cheap bubblewrap package - No box, The phone its self was scratched up on the back, the glass on a couple edges was chipped (I'm assuming from dropping) and the metal on the underneat was marred (from a drop again I assume)I was told it would come with eveything except the headphones. I got a cheap chinese wall charger, and no connect cord with a usb end for connecting to my computer.The charger was wrapped in shipping tape that melted all over the cord so it's sticky any where I touch it.He said he used it for only 3 weeks but I think it was used for a lot longer than that.I will NOT buy from this seller again as his shipping packaging is cruddy - my phone could have been damaged or cracked, and he lied about the accessories. Bad form! Now I have to go out and buy a USB cord to transfer any of my music to my phone.

Great Product!  This Iphone was at a very reasonable price.  The phone was brand new with all the accessories in it.  I love this product!

Came with hairline fracture on back of phone probably no flat of the company. Was probably the post office fault and I'm sure they would replace it but ain't nobody got time for that

Was great ! Came like it was new until, my son broke it :( but it is was such a good phone .

I was very disappointed. If I didn't have insurance through my service provider, I would have essential bought a paperweight. It never worked right from the beginning. Something internal was broken so I had to get it replaced, which took about 2 weeks. Not to mention driving to the nearest sprint service station 4x, which was about 40 miles away.

My wife and I have been wanting IPhones for a long time. Our Samsung phones bit the dust (pure junk) and we didn't qualify for an upgrade. So I started shopping here and found two new IPhones and cases for less than our service carrier wanted for a single phone. I love Amazon.com, and their sellers!!!

This was my first electronic purchace online. I had some questions during the shipping and my email was answered within 24 hours. When I received the phone it was exactly as it had been descibed on the listing. If I need anything electronic again I will most likely look to see if this company has it first.

Hassle Free Cell described this product as a Sprint phone, and even the cellophane on the iPhone box had a Sprint label. But after taking it to 2 different Sprint stores and making multiple calls to Sprint tech support, we figured out that it is a Verizon phone--not Sprint. Augh! What a hassle.

Bought the iPhone4 as a backup for my family's lost, stolen, broken iPhones.Exactly what I ordered -- no surprises.  Very good condition.  Works well.Arrived promptly.  Would definitely choose this seller again.

I ordered my phone and was shocked at how quickly it was sent out. There was an issue with it not being delivered by my Post Office and I contacted the seller. They were very cordial, understanding and was willing to help me find out what happened to my package. They asked for a signature confirmation but that is not what was done by USPS. I will be taking my phone in on tomorrow (6/3) to get it set up under my account. I am sure I won't have any problems and even if I do, I am very confident that the seller will be as helpful as they have been.

My son broke his original iPhone 4.  He cracked the screen.  I refuse to buy a new one and buy into another contract. It was much cheaper to find him a used phone from here and this one was in awesome shape.  Even came in a box!

After dropping my iPhone 4s and destroying the phone I was not eligible for an upgrade for another 6 months. I purchased this iPhone 4 to hold me over until I can purchase the iPhone 6. Low price and fast shipping made this a perfect temporary fix for my problem.

Beautiful phone... But we could not activate iphone .....as it was listed with Sprint as being &#34;lost or stolen&#34; :(

Had a whole other year to wait for my upgrade and just couldn't wait that long. The iPhone was at a great price and took it. Great Phone.

First off let me be the one to brag and say i got this phone for my daughter for christmas for 80 bucks and it had a minor scratch that was so small we could barely see it and ohhh boy she is still happy. The phone works GREAT and we havent had any problems setting it up. To me it looks brand new. The only problem im having is she cant get off of it lol.

First of all I paid for a 3 day shipping and it was late.  I must say I got a refund on the shipping cost right away and was very surprised at this.  Not expected.  Then, I charged the phone and it slowly died.  I found out the charger that came with it was broken.  The phone itself is great.  I would give a  5 star for refunding my shipping as soon as they did.

I love it others should buy this item because its amazing for lots and lots of qualities. its great !

The phone works great.  Have really enjoyed it and has not had one day of trouble form the phone. thanks

I was sent a phone that was said to  be on the sprint network but I then went to activate it and could not because in fact it was a boost mobile tracfone.

Im very happy with purchase. Phone look brand New. Chatted with sprint online and they verified MEID # and was told it was clean and can be activated. Within a few mins I was able to make calls and more.

I received only a cell phone, I did not get a box, cables or other accessories.The cell phone is broken, in the ad is not warned. In reviewing the ad is not that warning, but on the printed invoice I received if you warn. Now tell me they do not accept returns so I lost my money.

Came within one week after ordering!  Looked brand new, didn't even look used!  Don't buy refurbished phones from cell phone providers when you can buy them for half the price from this seller.

very sluggish. switched to galaxy s3 way better phone.this phone jist sucks save your money and buy something else seriously haha

I had to return this item because the MEID didn't work for Sprint like it said it would.  It was a little bit of a hassle.

Got the phone sooner then promised. Didn't have any issues connecting to Sprint. Phone looks almost new. Very satisfied. Was a little worried because it was from a new supplier. Worried for nothing:)

Very happy with price and product, I am very happy with this purchase and have bragged to all my friend ..again thanks for getting it to me so fast too.  Happy customer

This phone was purchased in late Nov as a holiday gift for my son. He received it at Christmas time. Approx 45 days later the phone started heating up and the battery started failing. I contacted the seller and was told &#34;sorry 60 days is the limit&#34; with zero consideration that the phone had only been in service 45 days. Pooer customer service and a crappy product leaves my son without a phone and me out 140.00

Bought a piece of s*** phone seller did not mention how useless this phone is home button does not work phone acts up on its own very slow!!!! Will never buy from seller again and would not recommend!!

I  am very pleased with my purchase of the Iphone. It works great, exactly like stated a working iPhone, in brand new condition. Highly recommend .

Great product... Love the storage space as well as the accesibility of free apps. I would reccomend this product to other people.

I love my iphone from amazon I've had it for a year now but once my contract is up ill be buying a new phone with more memory because 8gb is not enough but that was my fault. But my iphone was wonderful and great shape the seller described it well.

Phone was for my daughter she went from Android to team iphone and loves it and very happy with her change.
