
Bought this as a gift and it was perfect. It was in mint condition and all the features etc. worked without a problem.

This phone does almost everything, especially for an 'older' phone.  Since I am new to these smarter phones, it has been an eye opener.  However, it is still hard for me to push the touch screen in the right place.  Maybe that's just my problem, though.

The phone does not work, I sent reports but no response so I guess I've lost $116.  Not very happy the seller is not responding and I read the return policy but I not sure what other steps I may take.  Why doesn't Amazon have a direct customer support where I can discuss my issue, instead I see something called Kindle.  I would appreciate if Amazon would contact me direct this product had a 30 day return policy but it seems like their is no recourse.

this is an excellent phone.  seller did a great job getting it here quickly and was in great condition.  battery life a bit low but upgraded to extended battery and love it.  what a great high end phone, across the board!

The esn was clean and the device was in good condition.I thought very good condition was a bit of a stretch.

There is a fissure in the screen but it's ok. The phone works fine and the charger likes a new.

For this price and just paid 15$ to activate it with Straight Talk now it works like a charm with St8 talk.The phone is in pristine condition and it really works great.. oh God I am so happy I am afraid someone mightbe jealous and jinks it.

Dont buy this phone was horrible and works really poorly. Cut off all the time and the charger doesn't even work well!

the phone is damage and i had to buy anew battery and the phone still doesn't work and i had to send it back for a refund iam upset cause it was a gift for my daughter and i had to take it back from her and she was very unhappy

When I first received the phone I immediately put it on the charger to juice up. After two hours of charging it... the phone would still not turn on but I figured its been dead for a while it needs to charge for a while so I let it charge overnight.... The next morning I went to check the phone and it was still not charged... That day I took it to the sprint store to find out that the charger that was sent with the phone was a dud... So i had to spend more money on a new charger.. The phone also took forever to sync with the areas service... The front camera of the phone sucks... This phone is false advertised... and within three weeks of having this phone the battery died and left me phone less again,... so now I currently do not have a phone after spending 80$ on this piece of shit that only lasted three weeks....

First may I sayThe transaction went off without a hitch that's the least of the best. The phone was advertised as used and in good shape, this was not the case. The phone would have been advertised as new and had it came in the original box I am certain I would not have questioned it. Allow me to clarify to prevent misinterpretation. This so-called &#34;used&#34; phone appeared to be brand-new not a scratch on it. It also works the same. Needless to say I am nothing but happy. I highly recommend buying anything from the seller in the future.

Phone came with no SIM card slot so now the phone will not work with my carrier. I have to spend even more money because of this. Waste of money.

the phone randomly shuts off or the screen will freeze daily. I have to remove the battery to shut it off. AND, it came with a dead battery! worst Amazon purchase i have every made!

Needed to replace phone before contract was up and this was the b\perfect option. Works well and satisfied with the product.

the phone didn't even turn on . i had to buy a new battery for 20.00 dollars to insert in the phone. right now the phone goes off at will during a conversation. it is embarrassing that amazon accepts marketing such items to the detriment of its customers. how do you sanction such customers?and how do you compensate your customers? review my history i am a long time customer.

Absolutely amazing! The phone was in very great shape and thr service was outstanding. By far the best online purchase I've made!

The phone works just fine. All the features allow my daughter to connect and communicate properly. The phone is everything my daughter needs. Thank you!

great

did not know even if the phone is unlocked it is still belongs to sprint and is a sprint phone

Phone came in a few days, it did not include the silicon case as stated in the ad.  Sort of a bummer bc now i will have to purchase one.  Did come with a phone scree,, but seems it was put on in a very poor manner.  All together 3/5

The phone works fine, but there was some very minor screen burn in. But other than that, I'm pretty satisfied.

By far best cell phone I have ever owned. Better than the iphone5Its possibly an old cell phone since the s5 is already out but great phone great features.I Love It!!!

Allow me to be frank and say this phone is a complete piece of garbage and if you're considering getting one, I would strongly advise that you get something else. Other than having a bigger screen and being lightweight, this phone has little going for it. I switched to the Galaxy S II with Sprint in Aug 2012 after being an iPhone user for 3 years and rarely having any issues with the iPhone. Since switching to the Galaxy S II, it's been nothing but headaches ever since. List of problems that I've encountered in the 6 months since switching to the Galaxy S II:- Touch screen sensitivity is sketchy at best and unresponsive at worst.- Android OS freezes frequently and needs to be rebooted. Extremely glitchy.- Phone shuts down arbitrarily and has to be powered up.- The quality of pictures and videos taken with the camera on the Galaxy S II is positively atrocious. Polaroids and 8mm film have this thing beat.- After describing the numerous issues that I've had with my phone to Samsung support, they recommended backing everything up and wiping the phone, which I did. When you back everything up via Kies Air, which is what Samsung had suggested using, you are asked what you specifically want to back up, which includes contacts, messages, applications, etc. Well, to my delight, after I had wiped everything off the phone and tried to do a restore, it only partially restored the full backup that I had done. Long story short, I basically had to restore everything manually.- If you still intend to get a Galaxy S II even after all of the atrocities previously mentioned, do yourself a favor and don't get the phone with Sprint. Coupling a junk phone like this with an abysmal cell provider like Sprint is sure to drive the sanest of minds to insanity!! It's the perfect storm!!

So far this refurbished phone works great.  It was packaged well.  I have had a small issue with screen coming on while I was on a call.  But so far very pleased since it is a refurbished item

Had to return. Charging even when it wasn't pluged in.  Took to the sprint store still no help.  Waste of time

I originally had our 4 SII phones rated with a 1 star, but I'm updating this review because we found a Sprint store that was able to help us out.  We were having a lot of problems with our 4 SII phones, but had a software update installed and the phones are now working great.Before the upgrade, the phones would lock up, turn on and off by themselves and have poor battery life.  With the new software upgrade, the phones are working as one would expect.Also, Sprint's phone service seems to be getting better as well.  The coverage was somewhat spotty when we first moved to central FL, about a year ago, but now it seems better and we have fewer dropped calls.  Family members recently visited relatives in northern Wisconsin and they had much better coverage with their Sprint phones than family members that had service with other carriers.Bottom line, Samsung Galaxy SII phones from Sprint are good phones, but go with the S4.  It's the best phone on the market (including the I-Phone).

If you are shopping for the Galaxy S2, then you already know how great the phone is, how fast it is and how excellent the camera is. I bought mine from Cell-Sell. The phone was described as being in VERY GOOD condition and it was. There were just a few small dings at the very bottom of the edge of the phone plastic case. Other than that it is perfect. Would definitely buy from them again!

Phone worked well until the Android OS upgrade (Ice Cream Sandwich). The initial upgrade drained the battery very quickly.Later upgrades appear to have solved this issue but created an worse one: The battery gets cooked. The battery gets very hot, especially when using the GPS function. Over time the battery swells (bulges) and the phone goes from a reading of 70% battery power to zero. The phone can be restarted - sometimes with the power button, other times removing the battery is required before using the power button. However, the problem reoccurs until a new battery is installed.If you get this phone, be prepared to regularly replace the battery.

I ordered a cell phone for christmas and come to find out it is stolen. Not only am I not able to use the phone, but I have lost alot of money.

galaxy S2 arrived quickly, no scratches looks brand new.even came with a user manual. will be going to sprint to activate.thank you this was a great way to upgrade without spending alot of money and signing another 2 yr contract

This phone is very good and like it very much and will keep it for a long time, and if I have to change it's until it brokes

I like the S2. It has some sort of short in the connection when it charges. Other than that- a good deal.

hi good morning I made a purchase of Galaxy SII and bring not to put the chip and I served my country, as we do? to send me one but I like putting on the chip ...Happy Thanksgiving Day

after having an iphone 3, i receive a samsung galaxy s2 with sprint, and it was a great phone for calling and receiving messages fast plus my younger brother loved playing minecraft on it. The only problem about this is that the battery kinda sucked it would last 5-6 hours of just texting and emails, but still a very good phone

I have dropped this phone several times and the screen is perfect.  Display is beautiful.  Apps are supported.  Easy to use.  Large storage space.  Takes great pictures, even in the dark.  LOVE IT!

Dying every 30 to 45 minute, so I Have to go and  buy me a new battery, That's  my reason. Thx.

They sent me a white one instead of black, therefore has no SIM slot does not help me here in Ecuador, and that did not specify the page that was just CDMA.

I searched the internet for information about the different phones.. I also asked our friends about what type and brand . I went with the Samsung galaxy. She loves it. She is still telling me all the new features on the phone. She also loves the picture quality. ty

When I received this phone from the seller I first noticed the charging cord fit loosely into the micro charging port and the port had small scratches around it. I figured it was nothing major and to be expected of a used and then refurbished phone. I soon found out this minor damage was an indicator of the serious damage within the phone and that whomever refurbished the phone also destroyed the inner components. After a month of owning the phone (past the return period of the seller), the phone began to show an error while charging that said &#34;voltage too high, charging paused.&#34; This was a more serious problem, but it was past the return period of the phone so I hoped it was just an issue with the type of phone and it would still continue to function. At about 3 or 4 months of owning the phone the serious problems began to surface. First the phone began to charge less and less and would die quicker and quicker. Then the screen image started randomly &#34;jumping up and down&#34;, as very old TV's do. Next it started to randomly call people even when left on the table with nothing touching it. Then it began to type random letters when the screen was not touched and I tried to text. Finally, at about 5 months, the phone stopped charging all together and no longer functions at all. I kept the phone in a case with a screen protector the entire time I owned it and it was very gently used. I dropped it once from a low height off the ground onto a soft carpet. There are no scuff marks, no scratches, and no physical damage to the phone at all that was not already there when I purchased it (the previously mentioned marks near the charging port). The water damage indicator is not colored inside the phone and it has never been in contact with water when in my possession. There is no reason the phone should be in such poor working order that I am responsible for. This item was also listed as being in great condition and great working order, which is entirely false. It seems almost as if the seller purchases cheap phones and refurbishes them poorly then sells them knowing they will not break within the return period, but will do so shortly after purchase.I do understand that mistakes happen however and so I tried to contact the seller to get at least an explanation and maybe an apology or a discount on another phone. Instead the seller completely ignored anything I sent and closed the return/claim I made. So not only was the phone broken, but the seller did not even respond to my issues with their sale. I also looked into reviews of the seller and saw there were other people with serious issues with the items purchased. Some reviews were even positive and then changed later to reflect that the phone/item was no longer working. With that in mind, I cannot help but think I am not the only one who had a terrible transaction with this seller. I would even go as far as to hypothesize that the reason there are not more bad reviews for this seller is that people had no issues with their product initially and by the time it broke it was past the return period and they were to disgruntled to take the time to change their review or did not know how to.I feel as if this seller is a scam and you, the buyer, should avoid purchases from this seller. Unless you are okay wasting your money on a phone that breaks in less than half a year and then your concerned are ignored by the seller.

Great device besides the humming when taking a picture and the Swype that goes automatically by itself! Cool light weight phone and cool features.

I've wanted to upgrade for awhile to a phone with more internal memory for google play downloads.  Unfortunately the new galaxy&#8217;s still only have 16gb, so I recently tried the HTC m8.  After a week I returned it and went back to my old S2.  This phone is so much more user friendly.  I keep a spare battery in my wallet just in case I run out of juice and not near a changer.  I also use a 64gb micro sd card and it runs great.  The music player&#8217;s equalizer is amazing.  The 4g has much better connectivity than the newer 4LTE as well.

Great phone. Flashed it to Page Plus with no problem. Great deal for a great phone. I'd suggest waiting for the S 4 to come out before buying this phone though, since the price will likely drop even more.

I had a pretty good exspernce they was very nice I wasn't satified with my purchase but they made sure they was able to answer all my questions I had

Software speed is slow and hardware material quality is not up to today's standards! I will never buy Samsung phone's again.

Loved this product! Completely amazing, perfect shape, although the battery life sucks! But it matched everything they said it was.

this phone doesnt receive return text messages from iphones.  the battery dies everyday around ten am.  it turns itself off at random.

After messing with one a friend had, I just had to have this phone. This phone is very fast, very responsive, and just all around amazing. The seller I bought this phone through listed it having minor dings and scratches, and I was surprised to see the phone didn't come as stated like that, the phone was like brand new! With only 2 little itty bitty scratches at the bottom.I would recommend this phone to anyone.

i specifically asked for a 'NO CONTRACT SPRINT PHONE' thats what i recieved. There's only one problem the phone has been Flashed and can never used with Sprint again. I am regular customer with amazon, I have never bought anything that was no good. I am very much disappointed.

This product is just like new..Its in an excellent condition and works well. Its a CDMA phone which doesn't uses a sim card but I will recommend this phone for CDMA users.

I got my new phone I said new due to the fact that it looked as if i just bought it......I'm loving it

I had the S3 for a long time, about the time it came out, never knew anything about smartphones, was a new comer.  I figured that bigger specs meant a better more faster phone.  Never wanted to get a used phone because of fears that it being used meant that once you get it, it starts to suck real quick.  But that fear was unfounded, I turned it on, and it works flawlessly. Then I started to brainstorm the specs of devices and what it all means.  A lot of apps do not need quad core, that is gaming territory.  I am going to get an S1 and see how it operates.  I think the S3 is more luxery than anything else, this one was a clear advancment to the S1 with a eight megapixel camera.  While the S3 just gives a unnecessary bigger screen, way too slippery (has to have a case), and uses way more energy.  I wish I had the S2 instead.I am just going to put my S3 in hibernate until there are real uses I can think of that utilize quad core power.

The phone works great. it is a smart phone, not the latest, but it does everything that i need it to do

I bought this Sprint Samsung SII refurbished at a good price. Received the item on time with no problems and in original box and boxed items. Phone was in much better condition then I was expecting, no exterior blemishes what so ever. Phone works fine, although Sprint had some activation problems in the beginning that were resolved during the same visit. Would recommend.

i ORDERED A PHONE FOR MY DAUGHTERS BIRTHDAY THAT SHE NEVER GOT. I CONTACTED THEM AND THEY ASSURED ME THEY WERE IN CONTACT WITH THE POST OFFICE. WHICH WAS AN OUTRIGHT LIE. I WAS TOLD BY THEM THAT IT WAS MY RESPONSIBILITY TO FILE A CLAIM...ANOTHER LIE. I WENT TO THE POST OFFICE AND WAS TOLD THAT THESE PEOPLE NEVER CONTACTED THE POST OFFICE AND THAT IT WAS THEIR RESPONSIBILITY TO PUT THE CLAIM IN SINCE THEY ARE THE ONES THAT MAILED IT.I ASKED FOR A REFUND AND THEY WOULDN'T EVEN RESPOND BACK TO ME.PLEASE DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I MADE. I URGE YOU NOT TO BUY ANYTHING FROM THEM AT ALL OR YOU MAY BE WITHOUT YOUR MONEY OR THE GIFT YOU WANTED TO GIVE.

I understand I bought a used phone, but the phone I received still had the previous owners photos. I've had the phone for around a month and it doesn't work at all. It says I have no service and then turns off randomly.

The phone came exactly as described. I use it for everything. Takes great pictures and videos. Having tootle play apps is awesome too. I would recommend getting an extra battery or Juice Defender Ultimate because the battery goes down pretty quick.

My wife and I both have these phones and they both work pretty well.  Mine keeps the charge a little better than hers (both purchased on the same day), but I did have a major issue with mine before my yearlong warranty expired.  My phone keep turning on and off repeatedly.  I had to send it back for repairs two times and it still did the same thing.  The third repair did the trick, but it was a long drawn out process.  Other than that, my phone takes great pictures and film, is easy to use, and the internet works relatively well (sometimes it takes forever to buffer).  Overall I am satisfied with this product, although it is not perfect by any stretch of the imagination.T.S. CharlesAuthor of young adult book, &#34;Consumed.&#34; Available on Amazon.

Phone was ordered and delivered to my son in another state so I will convey what he described.  Phone works fine with carrier just as advertised.  Battery would not hold a charge and he could only talk for 30 minutes.  I ordered a new battery and problem was resolved.  Good phone.  He had a newer version before he went surfing with it but he likes this one just as well.  I contacted the seller to start a discussion before the new battery arrived and he assured that he would work with me to make sure that I was satisfied.  It was a good purchase.  Just bad luck on the battery.

I'm Interested In Buying This Phone. Can This Phone Work On Cincinnati Bell Or Cricket? Or Does It Only Work On Sprint?

The phone was sent to me on time and it looks like it is in great condition.  It is definitely not as capable as my last galaxy II. It turns itself off and resets itself very frequently, always right when I am in the middle of something.  No one will claim responsibility, so, I am stuck with a mediocre phone for a while...

Although the seller was courteous and helpful, the phone itself was not working, it could not be activated and would turn itself off and on at intervals. At the end it had to be returned. The seller mentioned that might have been able to help - which is possible, but no help information was enclosed, only return information.

The phone was to be new. When I call Sprint to turn the phone on it was assign to some one.

Took a week on expedited shipping. Battery life sucks, sometimes quiting after six hours. Bought the phone only to get better battery life, and it has failed at that

i got speedy service.phone is better than i expected,not as good as the galaxy s3 i had but thats expected.

I had no problem with the vendor I bought the phone from since they sent me a nice clean working phone on schedule. The problem is the Samsung Galaxy S2 is really just a bad phone that gets real glitchy at times which makes it annoying to use. I had great luck with my first one with no problems but now i got one that fell into the terrible category I have heard even the sprint rep tell me about. So needless to say I traded it in when I switched to T-mobile to get out of my costly Sprint plan. In short dont buy this phone its glitchy.

I've had personal phones (upgrade every 2-3 years) since 1998 and a seperate company phone since 2003, which I seem to get upgraded often.I had three (yes, 3) of these piece of junk phones in the course of a year.  All had their own specific issues and all 3 also had issues that were the same between them.  I'd like to add that all were kept in a case and were in MINT condition.  No scratches, no marks, etc.  I don't abuse phones.  The S2 was my work phone.- Charger port is junk.  #2 and #3 had issues with it coming loose and not charging.  This isn't the first phone I've had with a USB charger, but the only one that the port would do this.- Screen is fragile.  I literally set phone #2 on my desk, dropped back first from about 12".  Nice crack along the bottom of the screen.  To show how big of a piece of crap to a co-worker, the old 3GS personal phone I had at the time I tossed across my office, hit my fridge and not a mark on it.  At least half of our office had cracked screens.- Phone #1 would randomly overheat (and heavily drain the battery at the same time).- Phone #1 and #2 would have random reboots.- Phone #2 couldn't be hard reset.- All three phones (and everyone in my company that had one which is a lot of people) had issues with it randomly no longer sending or receiving data or cell service.  All looks good, all Aps work fine, but anything that required data (whether on wifi or cell) or anything cellular releated would just stop working and you would have to reboot the phone.  I usually noticed it after not getting any calls or text messages for a while.The last issue is why my company dropped every single S2 we had and replaced them with iPhone 4S phones instead.  Same crappy Sprint service but not nearly the issues we used to have.I wouldn't suggest the S2 to anyone.  Everyone I spoke to that had the S2 was very glad to get rid of this piece of junk.

This was the greatest phone of the day, when it came out. I bought this one used because my sister chews through phones like crazy. It worked great and had no issues, until she threw it across the room in a red headed rage fest that was of epic proportions.

This phone was bought because the s3 was too expensive but after the ics update i love it and dont see the need to change at all. the seller was great with all my questions and the phone came early thanks

Good phone for the price. I would never have bought this phone at full price, but now it wasn't a terrible buy. I needed a more reliable phone and after buying the battery from somewhere else,  this phone is pretty decent. Occasionally has problems with using the screen while in call, but meh. Was 100 something bucks. Didn't expect it to be cutting edge.

I did not get the sprint phone promised in the description instead I got a unusable virgin mobile. I do not recommend

I paid for a new phone only to get a used & recondition phone. I would never buy anything else from Amazon this is b.s. & we deserve better service without the lies

Was looking for a Samsung brand and it work perfectly . Great speed.  Great service. One of the best phones I had

This is a good phone but the battery is terrible honestly. It functions well and serves it purpose until the battery dies.

Problems after problems, won't hold a charge. Buy new not used for future reference!!

Charges horrible. The flash buzzes when you use it then it turns off.This phone is not the best I just use it for Wifi. It dont enough battery to have as a.phone

Passable, it is a good mobile that has good performance, but in the personal thing I do not like, since in the comments he was saying that it was possible to use with card without which it is not true, in addition the advertisement puts that there brings the complete package which is not like that, it is necessary to to read well before buying since only it is the mobile and generic loader.

Have a little trouble charging sometimes i think theres a short where i plug in to charge phone have to wiggle it/place it a certain way sometimes to get an actual charge. Tried numerous of chargers as well

I love this product it came earlier than what it should of. and when it came it looked just like the pictures i had seen on amazon works good and everything i had it for about a month now and had no problems with it,u guys get a thumbs up and you wil be seeing and reciveng my services again.

The Samsung Galaxy S series are the bomb!  These phones are so user friendly and efficient.  I won't be changing brands anytime soon!

the picture quality is great. it is easy to navigate through. overall i am very satisfied with all of the features

This phone is the bee knees. Text so good make you want to slap yo mama. Phone makes we want to swirl with the battery.

Well when I received the phone it stopped working 4 days later. The power button went out on it and it sucks to have to wait on the phone to light up before it can be used.

this phone was purchased for my son and it has been working pretty good.  The power button has been quite touchy so it turns off once and awhile when the button is brushed or lightly touched, but we looked online for some helpful hints and we have tried those with success.

The first phone arrived pristine, but had a touchscreen issue.  TheSeller offered a range of options to resolve the issue.  I was hesitant to get it replaced since it was in such perfect shape otherwise.  When I finally decided to replace it, they shipped me another perfect phone!  Absolutely no issues with this one!  Excellent price and service, what more could you want?

I bought this phone because I wanted it to not have a contract with Sprint. The phone itself isn't bad, it's actually a really good phone itself and I got it two days before the estimated arrival date, however, the description stated that it was going to come with a wall charger and a screen protector. It only came with the charger and it did not come with a SIM card either so it is not compatible with my carrier. Also, when I received the phone it still had photos, videos, and music from the previous owner so it just seemed very unprofessional. Now I have to return this phone and wait another week or two to get a phone and I needed it for a business trip. Just disappointed in the overall product.

Where's the battery ? No charger not even a UsB. Just a box and the phone. Great and the USB port is busted.
