
Update:  Canceled ServiceI can't find my 5 Star Responder device anywhere. If it is still here in the house, I cannot find it. And their device locater doesn't work it appears. And if they can't find the location of the device, then it can't find me either. Cost over $140 for the device, setup and barely over two months service and I wasn't even in the country for three weeks.  Customer service put me on hold forever and I finally hung up. They didn't even bother to call me back.  Next thing I got was an email saying I was disconnected from their service. Their solution was for me to buy another device. It they can't locate my first device, why would I want to buy a second one?Second Update:I finally found it in my upper kitchen cabinet drawer where it blended in with something else. So if it could not find this device in my kitchen, how could I ever depend upon it in an emergency? I will never ever consider this device again in my life.Original Review:This is a compact urgent response device that you can keep strapped to your belt or keychain.  It has adapters for each way. The manual leaves you with conflicting uses for this device.  They make a point it is NOT to be used for critical emergencies such as heart attack, stroke or fire. I think this part must have been written by their corporate lawyer. I learned this after I had already spent $29.58 ($25 plus $4.58 of taxes) to sign up via the internet. That was after their internet signup $10 discount - rather exorbitant taxes. Then with tax on the $15 monthly service fee, it cost me over $20 the first month. They seem to promote emergencies of inconvenience versus medical emergencies. I bought it for emergency medical purposes.They collect all kinds of information during the internet sign-up that took me two hours to complete. They say it only takes 20 minutes, but that would be for someone with no medication and no doctors and no relatives. After I finished the very detailed information data entry, I will say they should be well prepared if I should ever need assistance.To test it is generally a one-way test. You enter a test call via the internet (not this device) and wait for them to call you with an automated dialer saying your device is configured correctly.  And then it said I was located in a city ten miles away. Well, that isn't exactly narrowing down to anything useful. I hope in a real situation it pinpoints my location exactly. Otherwise, I could have saved a lot of money and depended upon my cell phone which displays GPS coordinates for free.

I am trying to use this as a replacement for a more expensive &#34;urgent response&#34; system for my elderly mother.  She didn't use the device from the more expensive company, she's not using this device either.  Sigh.  Not a problem with the device, just a problem with the mother.

Easy set up.  Sure gives a secure feeling when you live alone. I like not having a box in the house that other devices use plus this is good when I take my dog outside at nite cause it works where ever I go.  Even works far away from the house.

Purchased dec 2013. Returned after finding it faulty and not guaranteed to work in humid climate or in bathrooms where showers and baths are present. Did not activate. Got reimbursed for full amount. HOWEVER.  They have been dunning me for an outstanding mystery balance of 20 dollars for their activation fee. Get a collections letter once a month and now getting nasty collections phone calls. Have referred this scam to dept of consumer affairs as a senior citizen predator issue. John Walsh should be ashamed of himself to be associated with such deceptive practices. Stay away from great call and if you don't. I told you so.

Unlike other reviewers, I have had absolutely NO problems with this unit. The battery charge lasts for a week -10 days which was a pleasant surprise, since I was told I needed to re-charge it for 4 hours every few days. Not so --at least with my unit and if others are recharging that often it may be affecting, over the long term, the battery's ability to hold a charge (if it has that kind of battery).Every time I tested it -- or inadvertently pressed the button, I got an immediate response with the operator being able to give me my exact location. I tested it at my neurologist's office far within a medical facility (ie. many solid walls to penetrate + electrical interference from medical equipment) and it worked perfectly.My only wish is that a one button & mobile unit like this -- with the top notch Verizon network -- would be combined with the fall detection capability other companies offer. Then it would be the perfect monitoring device.

I've had this device for a year now.  I bought it both as a safety device when I'm out alone and as a medical device because I have asthma.  It is small, lightweight, unobtrusive, and holds a charge for several days.  Customer service staff are  helpful.  My only criticism of the device is that the grip to the waistband does not hold.  You either take it off when you pull down your pants or it falls to the floor.  It is not waterproof; mine went dead after falling in the toilet because the grip didn't hold. I'm accustomed to other devices with a much stronger grip.  It's not rocket science - they should fix this.  I would give it 5 stars if it had a better grip and if it were waterproof.

The cost is reasonable, and it seems to have a lot moe features than other similar devices that cost much more.  The monthly fee is also quite reasonable.  I had to contact customer service with a question, and they were pleasant and helpful.

Purchased this for my mother and it works great! Now instead of an alert system that only works inside her home, she has 24/7 access no matter where she goes! Would definately recommend this to anyone regardless of age.  It's like Onstar without the car!

So far I am very pleased with my 5Star Urgent Response.  I have not had it that long and have not had to use it yet and hope that I never need to use it.  My mother had a product that was connected with her telephone and that was fine for someone that is pretty much home bound or don't get too far from their house.  I live on a farm and I love to get out and walk around the fields and mow grass around ponds away from the house.  With the 5Star Urgent Response it will go with me out on the farm and when I go into town or anywhere else I might go.  It makes me feel safe.

1. The operators don't know how to call 911 locally to test (not as an emergency).2. The device won't charge and is not durable.3. The pricing is good only relative to competitors. You don't get much for the monthly subscription fee. It's just a line to an operator that is trained to ask if this is an emergency and help determine if 911 should be called but not much else.

I feel so safe now.  When I was being robbed the other day, I pressed the button and when the woman spoke over the speaker I told her that I was being robbed.  She told me that the police were on the way.  The jerk still took my walker and puppy though.  I think he got scared though because if he weren't, he might have gotten my box of corn chex.  I hope the new gun law will make sure he doesn't have a gun any more.  Then what will he do?  And then I'll have even more time to press my call unit button.  It's getting better all the time.

Hit the button by mistake, when I had it attached to my key chain. Could not stop the dial, but they did come right back to see if I was OK.  Like the service, but I am afraid I will accidently hit the button again.

Bought the unit, filled out all the documents and it is now in my pocket. Hope I don't have to use it, but would like to test it out...

I am happy with the 5Star.  I have not had to use it and hope I don't.  I had Life Alert before this unit.  The cost is half of the costfor 5Star.  That means a lot.WalMart has been advertisng this unit.  Their price was $49.00.  My son went to his phone andfound that Amazon at a mucch better price.  You made it even better when you asked if I wanted to use my rewards on myCredit Card.  That made the price even better.I have been using Amazon for a long time, mostly books.Doris F. Hill

Could not activate after receiving, tech explained it would take 30 minutes and would call back ... never did. I followed up and next tech admitted that even though they use Verizon towers in my area, the signal would not allow activation. Canceled and will return device. Will see if I get all $ back timely. I will have to pay return postage.

I reactivated my 5 star after having it turned off briefly. I sent teh device back to them for this and received it back about 7-8 days later. Upon receiving the device I attempted to create an online account. It took me FIVE calls to attempt to do this and still never got the account set up. They said teh device was activated and fully operational, but their inability to create an online account didn't give me a warm and fuzzy feeling.I kept getting an &#34;internal server error&#34; and finally called tech support who then said they needed to speak to my wife even though the account is in my name and I made all teh calls for reactivation. I explained that my wife had spoken to 2 people for &#34;permission&#34; purposes and that she was not available,but that didn't seem to matter.For a company that is in the sort of &#34;emergency&#34; business they are terribly organized and not very customer service oriented. As such I cannot rely on or trust them with my wife's safety. My wife has a heart condition and without setting up this account I was unable to track her form home which is 50% of why I ordered the darn thing. So, I will be closing my account and putting the device in storage. I will try the new app MyForce and see how that works out. I do not trust these folks with my wife's security and you should think twice about it yourself. If a company cannot resolve an issue in five calls then what does that tell you about their ability to properly track your device..I urge anyone that is relying on this company to safely monitor a loved one to be careful. The answers I got from the CS reps were different each time and the lack of knowledge from each was not very encouraging. If you have teh service and are happy good for you, but in my case it was a horrible experience....

Unreliable equipment.  I've had to purchase it three times and they replaced it once.When you press the button, response is prompt BUT getting help will be a problem - they want to know your name and address of your current location.  If I'm having a heart attack, what then?  They should (and already do) know exactly where I am.The fact that it is not waterproof is a great disadvantage.  I have to leave it outside my shower door.  Other companiessupply you with a waterproof pendant to wear around your neck.  If the new one fails, I'm signing up with another service.

I got this product for my mom and she can use it inside or outside if she has a physical or security problem.  It has a navigation system to track her down if she gets lost, sick, etc.  The monthly fee is around $18.  This is a godsend.Amazing!

So far this has been a great piece of mind for us and my mom.  The website to set this up was great.  Now we are confident that if something goes wrong, where ever my mom travels, the medical personnel will have a lot of information about medications and prior history to help her.  Even when she forgets to take her phone, she has remembered to have her 5star response.

Works great! I feel better knowing that my grandmother will get any help she may need when I'm away. Great peace of mind.

This is the best product I have found for my needs after doing a lot of research. Would recommend it to any family member or friend in need of a product of this sort.

I like this emergency response tool as it gives me peace of mind since I live alone in a rural setting with no close neighbors.

We bought this device for my elderly mother. Before purchasing, we checked the coverage area listed online- using our zip code- and were delighted to see that we were covered. It was promptly ordered through Prime with their great two-day service. We just received this item and tried to activate it. Imagine our dismay in being told by the operator that we are NOT in the coverage area and would not be able to use this device. I have no choice but to send it back. Thank goodness, I ordered it from Amazon!Don't trust the company's (Great Call) online information. Call directly to find out if you are indeed covered before ordering this and spare yourself the trouble of having to file a return claim.

I chose this rating because I have the 5Star Urgent Response.  I haven't at this time had to opportunity to use it, but it is in my possession if or when I need it.The thing I dislike about the unit is that it is not water proof.

I purchased mine from Walmart and thought it would be just the right safety device for me, however, it did not hold a charge.  I would charge it for over 12 hours and after 4 hours it would start signaling that it needed to be recharged.  I was often away from home and it wanted to be recharged so it was of no use.  I returned it to Walmart and was refunded the money and 5Star ended my service.  I wish they would have said what was wrong, if this happened often, or what could be done about it, but they didn't offer any suggestion.

Unfortunately, just because its website says you will have coverage, it doesn't always work. Shows no service when I tried to register online. Spoke w/ customer service and verified no service. Now have to go through the hassle of returning product and hoping return will be accepted. It's probably best to call first before purchase (long hold times!!) and verify if service is available in your area. Very disappointed as it was for an 85 year old mother who last year fell and broke her hip.

So far I haven't had a chance to use it in an emergency, thank goodness, but the test call worked perfectly. What I like the most about it is that I could get rid of my landline which I had to have for the lifeline I was using. Savings of about $40 per month taking into account the cost of the phone and the lifeline monthly payments. Would have rated 5 stars, but I find it difficult to keep track of. The clip is okay, but I prefer it in my pocket. Every time I sit down it falls out. Have ordered some necklace lanyard to clip it on. Would have been nice if one was included in the package. Just clip and key chain holder are included.

My 81-year-old mother had been dropping not-so-subtle hints for quite a while about wanting a &#34;life line&#34; caller to carry with her.  Following quite a bit of research, my siblings and I purchased this one for her, and it is PERFECT IN EVERY WAY.  It's small and light-weight, it's easy for her to wear around her neck or clip to the waist of her pants, and it's extremely easy to use.It has one feature that's especially great . . . . .  If you push the &#34;call&#34; button, you will quickly reach a 5Star agent who will stay on the line until everything is taken care of, but if you push and hold the button, it bypasses the agent and goes straight to 9-1-1.  In either instance, the call receiver has all the caller's medical information and history, because you are prompted to enter all that information into the unit at the time you become connected.I've talked to some others who also have purchased this Responder, and their experiences are consistent with my mom's.  It's a great value for the price, but the PEACE OF MIND I've received is definitely priceless!

PURCHASED THIS FROM AMAZON ABOUT 3 WEEKS AGO. JUST YESTERDAY I WAS IN A US POST OFFICE WHEN SUDDENLY MY DEVICE ENGAGED AND INDICATED DIALING 911. I HAD TO STEP OUT OF LINE AND APOLOGIZED TO THE 911 PERSON THAT I MAY HAVE HELD MY PACKAGES TO CLOSE TO MY CHEST THEREBY ACTIVATING THE DEVICE. IN MY HEART I KNEW I DID NOT ACTIVATE THE DEVICE.MY PRACTICE HAS BEEN TO CLOSE IT OFF IN THE EVENING AND CHARGE IT. DID SO LAST EVENING AS USUAL AND FROM WHAT I REMEMBER I HEARD VOICES AT AROUND 1:00 AM.  SAT UP IN BED THINKING I NEGLECTED TO SET THE TIMER TO TURN OFF THE TV, BUT NO THAT WAS NOT THE SITUATION AS THE VOICES COULD STILL BE HEARD; "DO YOU NEED HELP". I THEN REALIZED IT WAS THE DEVICE FROM HELL. BUT I SHUT IT DOWN HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE? GAVE MY EXPLANTION TO THE 911 PERSON AND OFFERED MY APOLOGY. SHUT THE SUCKER OFF AND HEAD BACK TO BED AND NO SOONER THAN MY HEAD HITS THE PILLOW I HEAR IT GO ON AND INFORMING ME CALLING 911. I WILL NOT GO INTO DETAIL BUT THIS PATTERN WENT ON FOR 3 MORE TIMES. COULD NOT SHUT IT OFF. SO I HOPED THEY HAD AN AROUND THE CLOCK TROUBLE SHOOTING GROUP AND THEY DID. SHORT STORY YOU PROBABLY GOT IT WET AND THAT RENDERS THE DEVICE USULESS. I WAS TOLD TO PLACE THE DEVICE IN A CUP WITH WATER WHICH OF COURSE STOPS THE DEVICE FROM CALLING AS WELL AS STRIKING IT A DEATH BLOW. WHY ISN'T IT STATED IN  YOUR ADVERTISEMENT WHICH I STILL HAD? DISCONTINUED SERVICE AND ASKED FOR A REFUND. TOLD I DID NOT BUY FROM THEM MUST GO TO RETAILER I PURCHASED IT FROM. HE TOLD ME I SHOULD HAVE NOT GOTTEN IT WET. SONNY, I SAID I AM OLD ENOUGH TO BE YOUR GRANDFATHER AND OLD THOUGH I AM OLD I AM INTELLIGENT AND KNOW BETTER THAN TO INTRODUCE AND ELECTRONIC DEVICE TO WATER.I AM NOT SUGGESTING YOU DO NOT PURCHASE BUT JUST PROVIDING MY EXPERIENCE.

I've had the 5star unit since May, 2013. I have good phone coverage and when I have pressed the button, I have had quick and competent service.However, the equipment quality is of poor. The speaker must be very small. It is hard to hear and understand. Sounds like the operator is under water. As this device is used primarily by the elderly, who may already have difficulty hearing, the poor sound quality makes it worse.I like to wear my unit on my belt, next to my cell phone. The plastic belt clip is cheap and flimsy. The first one broke and dropped my phone (luckily on the grass). The second one came loose and the phone slipped off in the car. The clip should be made of metal. I found a small pouch that fits the unit perfectly and comes with a metal belt clip: 52SCLIP - Small Pager Case with Clip, made by Raine, Inc.

The best device for handicap or disabled. I'm not only covered in my home but anywhere there is cell service I am connected. 5Star keeps my entire medical in case I am incapacitated. By a push of the button I am connected and a representative talks to me. And if I hold the button down it automatically calls 911 in the area I am In. It has GPS so the know where I am located which is excellent for a person with dementia or someone who wonders of. Also the cost of the service is cheaper than any I have checked into and has no contract. You can drop it at any time.

I cannot emphasize this enough - stay far, far away from this company.  I purchased this product from a Walmart store for my elderly mother.  I was unable to activate device.  Called customer support and this is where the real nightmare began.  After a long wait, the first rep was unable to fix the problem.  So, she put me on another long hold for "technical support," who was also unable to activate the product, doing nothing more than the first rep to attempt to remedy the problem.  After a total of 2 hours later, I was told I must call back the next day because the would need to check with Verizon to see if there were any issues in my area with coverage.  Now keep this in mind, I spent all this time with them on setup and the phone on my VERIZON wireless cell with 5 bars of full coverage, of which they were made aware.  After over 2 hours of setting up online and dealing with reps who did nothing more than the manual suggested, I decided to return the defective product, as the rep told me maybe the product was defective and I agreed.  I returned the item to Walmart for a full refund.  I called the company to inform them to remove my mother's credit card information from their system and remove the activation charge of $26+ (since they were unable to activate the product) and I was told there would be a $10 RESTOCKING FEE!!  I told them Walmart does not charge a restocking fee and that is from whom I bought it.  They told me Walmart will send the item back to them and since they have my mother's credit card info, they would only refund the activation fee less the RESTOCKING FEE.  This is theft.  I never bought the product from them so they have no legal right to do this.  No matter what I said the rep told me 5 Star would deduct this fee from the activation charge.  I was absolutely infuriated and stunned.  This was one of the biggest scams and ripoffs I have been a part of.  The rep tried to force me into receiving another device by mail at a $10 discount (the same price as online vs. in-store).  Because of the terrible experience with the reps and the activation, I was concerned this device would not function properly when my mother needed it.  Now this isn't over because I will be forced to file a dispute with my mother's credit card company in order to receive the full refund.  NOTHING LESS THAN SCAM ARTISTS.  The reps have been trained to be sweet and smile while they kick and push you to the ground, acting as if everything is wonderful while they scam you.  I can't imagine how many elderly folks they are scamming.  It's just disgusting.  Run from this company.  Even if your device is activated, you will not regret the decision as they will find a way to scam you in the future if they can.  John Walsh and companies that carry the product should be ashamed for selling this product sold by such a shady company.What's next...a response from GreatCall telling me I should contact them so they can discuss this situation...

We bought this GPS-enabled emergency call system for my mother, who is 90 and lives with us, so she would have quick and easy access to emergency services if we are not nearby. Thankfully, she has had no need to use it as of yet, but we all have greater peace of mind knowing it is there if she does. Her only complaint is that it is too big to wear on a cord around her neck and too bulky to wear on her small wrist. Instead, she must keep it in a pocket or clip it to the waistline of her pants, Unfortunately, it has fallen off her pants several times. One time it hit the floor and split into two parts, but luckily my husband was able to get it all back together.

Purchased this for my mother and was able to activate it without any problems.  It is small and not too heavy to attach to her key chain.  Reasonable month rate, no contract, and the ability to check her location via their web page make this a winner.

I purchased this for my mother who is getting up there in age now in her mid 80's.The unit attaches to her car keys as she still drives and I can find out where she is if she ever gets lost or if she has an emergency, then all she has to do is push the button and 5Star is there to help utilizing the cell towers to communicate right thru the unit!It additionally uses GPS technology to help with the tracking portion as her keys are with her wherever she is!I kept it easy to use that is why I purchased the separate unit rather than the one built in to the Greatcall cell phone unit.Its by far the lowest priced medical alert service and absolutely best system out there.Buy the Best and Forget the rest!John Walsh (Americas Most Wanted) puts his name on the line backing this product and I am a very happy consumer.

Absolutely great product. We got this for my grandmother when she began having some health issues. She used it very easily to call for help when she was having a stroke. Every time we've called, they've been super helpful and kind, diffusing some very stressful situations and keeping everyone calm. This device saved my grandmothers life. We haven't had any trouble with signal and my grandmother lives in an area where cell signal is not always guaranteed.

I purchased this device a year ago for my mother.  Several days later I purchased one for myself since adding a second person was only a few extra dollars.  I live in bear country at a high altitude, so the device was a back-up to my iphone.  Their service is exceptional when you need assistance, or when you feel uncomfortable walking alone to your car behind the office building at night.  I have to deduct two stars for the hardware itself.  The battery wore down quickly and I found myself charging it at home AND work just to make it through the day.  One day the device stopped taking a charge.  The green light indicated the unit was charging, but the unit never turned on/off.  Their hardware technical service department representative was very condescending and refused to replace the device.  It's a $50 dollar device that brings in $20+ dollars a month from me.  I was dumbfounded by their unwillingness to stand behind their product.  Even if it's made by Qualcomm in China.  It's still your hardware with your logo.Needless to say my opinion of them has changed.  However, they are the only company providing this service at this time.  What can you do?FYI. It's been a few days since I wrote this review, as well as emailed 5Star in addition to a voice mail message. I have not heard back from this company.  I've decided to persuade my mother to switch to Life Call.  Under no circumstances will I finally support a company that ignores legitimate concerns and complaints.  Shame on them!

I bought these for my aging parents.  They still run a farm and I worry about them when I'm not there.  We have experienced a recent scare with my dad, and if my mom woudn't have been there, we could have had a bad experience. Wdith them having the 5Star Urgent Response with them, I will feel so at ease.

I like it,haven't had to use it.I think the on..off feature is unhandy it is hard to find in a hurry.

Please be aware that you will not get the second line of monthly monitoring for $8.99.  Great Call will not honor this.  Amazon and Great Call should be ashamed for misleading the public with this advertisement for a product that is not what they advertise.  Oftentimes, this product is purchased for consumers on a tight budget and I think it only fair that they should know what the monthly monitoring fee really will be before making the decision and spending the money on this product.

The Locator doesn't locate over half the time.  Sometimes it says the person is in Alaska when they are in Oregon & other times it just says &#34;try again later&#34; or &#34;updating&#34; with no update. The locator used to work good prior to last fall (prior to Dec 2013 or so).  Then they changed the unit & online software.  If you are in an emergency they say they will transfer you to a 911 operator, who will then use cell tower triangulation to find you.  That's not very accurate in most places - it might get you within a mile or two.

When i purchased the device I was led to believe it is a prepaid system. Somehow, 14.95 a month turned into a 53.07 bill after i stopped using the device. I had changed banks, so GreatCall did not have my credit card number. Even though they had no way to bill me,they continued charges for 3 months and then sent collection letters. When i called today to fix the matter,the representative was extremely rude and said that it was my fault, claiming i did not call to cancel. The representative claims the billing process is a benefit for senior citizens. I asked her:How did it help me that i was billed for 3 months of service i did not use? She had no good answer. This is a typical company where you have a product that you think is prepaid and if you dont jump through their hoops to properly cancel it,they will demand payment. For people like me,with good credit,i had no choice but to pay it. I hope this review will dissuade you from doing business with this company. I certainly will have no further dealings with them, While they may be within the law with what they did, it is disgusting and immoral, in my opinion.

This device looks like it is more useful than competitors Comforting to have available at a reasonable price and good service available all the time.

My mother is in her 80s.  She has used 5Star for about a year.  Our family initially was confident with the 5Star until we discovered that she had been wearing the 5Star without service.  She alerted me that she received a letter stating there was a problem with payment.  I immediately called and was told she has not had service for nearly 2 months. That claimed that her credit card was declined, however the card has always been active and paid off monthly.  I asked why none of the emergency contacts were alerted and was told that we are not on a contact list for billing purposes.  My mother recently passed out twice but had others around her at the time.  The family was feeling somewhat confident since she was wearing the 5 Star --but it wasn't in service!  I then hoped to clear it up immediately and have the service turned back on.  I was told that I had to ship it back and a new one would be shipped to me---they could not reactivate the one in my hands!  I am so disappointed!  The customer service rep had no compassion and wanted to argue instead of help.  I asked for a supervisor and was blocked for several minutes by more questions as to why I would want to speak with a supervisor.  I was finally put on hold for too long of a time.  I hung up and will definitely not be using there service again.

This was not a good buy.  Quit working at six weeks.  Past the time to be able to get it exchanged.  Had to cancel my account with Great Call as I was not going to pay another $49.00 to replace it. Would not buy again.

Two weeks after purchasing this item for my 91 year old mother who lives alone, she fell in her home, breaking her leg and could not get up. Without 5star she might have remained on the floor for hours until I called and receiving no answer drove the 45 minutes to investigate. Thankfully Mom pressed the call button, spoke to the representative who called 911 for her, then the representative called me, her son, to inform me that mom was ok and the EMTs were on the way, and she then stayed on the line with my mom until they arrived. The 5Star worked as promised.

As I said in the subject. I should have ordered this a while ago. I ordered one for myself (I am disabled due to severe physical weakness), one for my mom (she does a lot of out-of-state traveling and can't see well during night time driving) and one for my Dad (he is extremely diabetic and gets weak and passes out several times per week)I wouldn't hold off ordering this item as I have and wish I hadn't because my Dad passed out and hit his head and we didn't know about it until he regained consciousness and called my mother. He says &#34;If I had the 5Star then, I would have pushed the button right when I starting getting 'that' feeling&#34;.I recommend this to people who have similar issues as we have and to parents who have children walking to and from school and for many other reasons. Isn't your/their life worth $49.99 (plus $35.00 one-time set up fee) and ONLY $14.99 per month (and only $8.99 per month for additional devices)?I've spoken with 5Star several times. They are very friendly and knowledgeable and don't make me feel like fools when we call for little medical questions.You'll never regret it!

I use this for my dad who lives in a large metro area with good coverage. They have always been able to track his location down to a few feet.  It was alerted me to several falls he's taken when he couldn't get up.  It also give him the confidence to go up and down stairs, drive to the grocery store etc, knowing that if he gets in trouble, help is just a button press away. It is a great device that allows him to maintain his independence. This device literally means the difference between him being able to live on his own vs having to live with one of his kids. He hangs this next to his shower everyday and hasn't had any of the moisture issues other describe, but it's a large bathroom. We bought a second unit to keep around in case the first one dies. Fifty bucks is much cheaper than one of those systems that require you to have a land-line and pay a monthly fee.

The cost for this unit and then activation appear to be favorable but you get what you pay for. I purchased this unit only to find out that it is cheaply made and not "waterproof"...something that is essential, especially in the bathroom when taking a shower or bath. The bathroom is the place where most accidents happen, rendering the unit worthless under these circumstances.I decided to discontinue the activation / monthly charges only to find out that the advertised "FREE INITIAL MONTHLY FEE" wasn't free after all, and that additional taxes were also never disclosed.I originally signed up at the end of Feb 2013 and wasn't charged for the 1st month (I did pay an activation fee of $29.10). At the end of March my credit card was charged for $20.00....$5.00 more than the monthly fee of 14.95 that was due. This payment should have covered me from the end of March to the end of April. WRONG!!!!I called on April 10th to cancel but was told that, although my account presently showed a zero balance due, that I was going to be charged an additional $14.95 plus tax at the end of April in order to close out my account. After 1/2 hour of going back and forth about the extra month's charge, I was told that this was the company policy and that they bill at the end of the month for the previous month.....which made no sense at all. I understand that $14.95 plus tax doesn't sound like a lot of money, but when you multiply it by the number of customers who are attempting to cancel.....it starts to add up and become a real profit center for the company.

I have read several of the reviews now after having purchased this for my 80 yr old mother and father (84) with Alzheimer's. She is the caregiver and I worry just as much about her well-being. This past spring she had the flu and I was trying to reach her. After several no answers from the land line or cell phone I contacted 5Star who was very professional and direct with me. They located the device in their apartment and attempted a call with no response.  They had me on hold and professionally related their attempts and their recommendation.  On my (thankfully) brief drive to my parents I tried the land line one more time and my Mom answered and was embarrassed. I told her I was happy and then advised her to press the button on the unit and to speak with a representative to clear this call.  She said the professional on the other end was polite and related they were grateful all is well.I will say setting things up for the service does take someone comfortable with setting up an Internet account of some kind (Amazon, Facebook, etc)and it not for the non-Internet savvy person. Installing the app on a smartphone (Droid in my situation) was as simple as any other app to install.I am happy that it worked as advertised, was as precise a location finder as I could have hoped, and the representative was as professional as I would have expected.  The monthly service charge is reasonable. The piece of mind is priceless.I am very happy that this device is portable, but I now read it does require access to sufficient cell service towers to be reliable.  In my situation that is sufficient.  I like the fact that it is cellular and a response could be summoned at home or away from home, as long as cellular reception is available.The unit talks or ques when it needs charging or has an issue. I don't have experience yet with how many times the battery can be charged - and I hope 5 Star sends out a replacement without the unit going inactive.I have recommended this device and service to many others due to the cellular nature and the reasonable monthly cost of the service.  This is as portable as things can get and the unit is slightly larger than a modern key fob, or smaller than a flip phone.  All-in-all, I am very satisfied.

NOT SO 5 STAR !!After set up which took a while because their web site was having problems. I tried to give my mom a comfort level that someone would be there to help her with just the push of a button.  First try.. a recording that says they are busy helping others and if this is an emergency we should call 911.  My mom gave me one of those looks... Second try... same recording..  Third try someone answered  I complained about the first two attempts and was transfered to someone else who explained that they work with 911 and if they are busy we should call 911.My mom who is an 86 year old stroke victim said I can do that with my cell phone.. She has no faith in 5 Star.. How do I get my money back ??

I am subject to syncope - sudden, immediate fainting - like a puppet with all its cords cut at once - and with luck smashing into the ground awakens me to evaluate the damage.Last week it struck and I went face first into a tile floor, bursting my right eyebrow open and snapping awake to a stream of blood already puddling.  I'd been here before but not like this.I pushed the 5Star and - just as they have on tests - they answered immediately - within 10 seconds.  They confimed my identity, dispatched EMTs and stayed on line until the EMTs arrived.Better response I couldn't ask for.  And unlike many 'Panic Buttons' that piggy-back off home phones /internet, 5Star is a direct link to wireless cell network - if your phone works there, 5Star works - in the car, at work, shopping ... anywhere I am 5Star response is one click of the button away.And that is priceless.When ordered it arrived promptly in perfect condition. An overnight charge (overkill) and it was ready to go.  Registration is easy and fast and you can upload your medical history.  The charge is good for 5 days minimum - I've gone as long as y with no problem.The only complaint:  it making the unit super-easy to use, they made it super-easy to call by accident - I carry min in a small arm band with a slim plastic shield over the button to prevent false alarms - it is still handy but more secure.This incident may not have been life-threatening, but had it been I would feel confident of the help summoned and the handlinig by the trained American responders at 5Star - when you're stove up and hurting is no time to negotiate with some Punjab or Pharsi-speaking foreigner - I want American-speak on-line and live.

**** PLEASE READ**** even if you have one.  You don't need to subscribe to service to be able to call 911. Basically this thing is cellphone with two buttons. Button on side is power and big one is call button. If you don't subscribe to service, you can still use it by pressing big button and holding it for couple of seconds to reach 911 service. BTW You can use ANY cellphone to call 911, even if you don't subscribe to any service.

We've used this for over three years now. It is highly reliable and allows you to travel anywhere in Verizon's network (which is almost everywhere in the US). It is better to think of this as a cell phone device that has specialized people ready to help you as soon as you push the big button in the center. You talk with them almost instantly. You can test it by pushing that button (they encourage you to do it now and then) and that gives you a feeling of confidence. Their people are incredibly friendly and effective.If you lose your connection, the red light tells you so and you just turn it off and back on, like your cell phone, as long as you're in Verizon's massive US service area. If your home has a weak Verizon signal (like mine does) get a cell extender (Amazon and Verizon have them). They cost about $200 and will give you reception throughout your house (for you cell phones, too).With the locator function, you can authorize anyone you want to be able to go on their website and locate EXACTLY where you are, at any time, either using a map or satellite image. Basic GPS functionality and it works easily.Other reviewers have posted some negative reviews, which I will address:- Ours holds a charge. Never had a problem. Remember; it's like a cell phone you leave on all day. The battery will last as long as your cell phone battery does. They encourage you to charge it by your bed every night, although it can go days on a single charge. It remains functional while it is charging. More than three years now and it still holds the charge.- If you think a $35 one-time fee is too much, you probably don't own a cell phone. I doubt that there are any free services like this. We'll have to wait for Obamacare to give us everything free (I wonder how they are going to pay for that).- I must have forgotten that it's not waterproof. In three years, though, I've never had a problem. I leave it outside the shower. Remember: it's like a cell phone and you can't go swimming with your cell phone, either. However, it would be a good idea for 5Star to provide the option to pay more and buy a waterproof device if you want it. I can see how this could be a significant shortcoming and is the only reason I give it 4 stars. If you need it, and it gets wet, you may end up dead.Security Concern: In order to access your billing information and, therefore, have access to your account, Great Call requires you to verbally establish a pin number with them. You cannot do this online utilizing the layered security which you previously set up on their website. This is extremely insecure, as anyone with a voice could claim to be you.

We are extremely happy with 5star for my 84 year old grandmother.  She wears it daily, and I check the system frequently to make sure everything is in working order.  Customer service cannot be beat - everyone has been extremely friendly.  It's very easy to setup and my grandmother knows that help can be on the way in seconds if she ever needs it.  I can't stress enough how much I urge people to get the 5star for elderly people - it's a very cheap system that offers great peace of mind.

Purchased this for my mother who has the early stages of alzheimer's.  Now when I call and can't reach her I can use the locater service to see where she is.  The only problem I can find with this is that it is not a small as some of the actual medical alert systems.  It would be great if it was small enough to be on a bracelet.  I bought a detachable lanyard for my mom to use with it and she has no problems.  It's so easy for her to figure out how to use also.  I would highly recommend this product.

I'm really conflicted with this product:The people that interface directly with the customers - 5 starsThe business policies that they have to implement - 1 starGot this for my grandparents (primarily my grandmother as my grandfather has a cellphone already.)  Well, it was one of those cases where you get a product and don't test it out right away, because its just one button - right.  My mistake.  After a couple of months, my wife and I were at my grandparents and the wife (the smarter half) wanted to see this device in action to ensure that it worked.  Fair enough. So...My grandmother presses the button and a person comes on - the next couple of minutes did not go well (to put it mildly).  The agent, following company protocols, started asking detailed (and I mean detailed) questions about my grandmother's location - in the process confusing her greatly.  I ended up taking over and tried to work with the company to see if this procedure could be modified to shorten the time for this action.  Well they did - for me - but I think about other folks and they ought to be considered to.I thought that I performed enough research (perhaps not) but I do believe there was some level of bait-and-switch.  The videos produced from the company show a person pressing a button and the agent determines location (via their special GPS technology) and Great Call can then assess the situation.  Ok.  Well, I felt that the actual assessment was way too long and focused on too many details - eating (unnecessarily so) minutes into the call.Again the people (and I called their customer services line later) are stellar - but they must follow a business policy that I just don't think is wise.  Because of this, I really would caution folks into buying this service.My grandparents come from a different time and their definition of an emergency is way off of today's accepted norms.  E.g.  Earlier this year my grandfather had a heart attack and waited until the clinic down the street was open (it was before opening time) and then drove himself there - he was about to drive himself to the hospital, per the doctor/tests at the emergency clinic, but staff refused him and got him on an ambulance.  So for my grandmother (or grandfather) to press that 'emergency' button -well,  the s* not only has hit the fan, it went through the fan, on the fan, all over the room, and ceiling - time is important, this company probably needs to consider this for at least this demographic of their user base.Maybe this company could fix this in a modification within their 'production system' - I spent a good hour putting into their database every piece of information that I thought would be useful.  Perhaps they could have a sign-off if you would like the company to give a shorter assessment cycle to the end user due to concerns about the user's abilities to answer any questions under normal/typical conditions?

I purchased this through amazon and sent to my mom for Mother's Day.  It was sold as a brand new device directly from amazon.  When I went to activate with 5star imagine my surprise that someone already activated the device.  Person at 5star said this was a common problem with purchases from amazon and they would have to clear the device before the account could be activated or the device warranted.  What??  I decided to retune the device which is major deal with my 91 year old mom 600 miles away!!!  It would be one thing to buy a used device but this is entirely different when paid full price for new device.  Go ahead and buy direct from company and pay the 10 dollars they charge for shipping. Oh decided to pony up the extra money and bout the att product.  It's twice the price but maybe you do get what you pay for.

I decided to go with a full professionally installed home security system instead, but I still think the 5 star is good.  I may order again in the future.

Even after verifying coverage in my area on the First Call website in reality I had little to no coverage. After taking the time to set it up and build a profile my signal would come and go (mostly go) at will. Being inside or outside made no difference. According to the First Call site I have a great signal for all three zip codes around me including my own. That was not the case in reality. Having a tool for &#34;Urgent Response&#34; that only works part of the time is like having none at all. Amazon's return was easy and no hassle at all. Getting back my activation fee from First Call was tougher. Even after their own tech support people said I should return it because I would not be able to count on a reliable signal I had to wait for an answer from accounting to see if they would refund my activation fee of $25.00.  I don't understand why in a city of 55,000 people and a larger community of over 100,000 the antena of these units is not enough to maintain a signal. From what I understand in my area they work on the same system as Verizon. I know many people who use Verizon with no problem at all.  I wish it had worked for me it seems like a great service.

BOUGHT THE PRODUCT, WAS ASSURED IT WOULD WORK HERE. THEIR WEBSITE ALSO TOLD ME &#34;GREAT IT WILL WORK&#34;. AFTER THAT I WAS TOLD IT COULDN'T WORK HERE. A FRIEND WHO RECOMMENDED THE DEVICE LIOVES JUAT A COUPLE OF MILES AWAY AND HE GETS EVERYTHING. HE CALLED THEM AND WAS ROLD IT WOULD WORK HERE. I LIVE ON A GOLF COURSE, WE GET EVERYYHING FROM WIFI TO GOOD CELL CONTACTS, SO -- I DO NOT KNOW WHAT TO MAKE OF THIS COMPANY. I GUESS I CAN THROW THE THING AWAY.

I recently purchased this system and have to give it 5 stars for customer service and ease of activation.  Granted, I did a lot of reading of reviews from many sites prior to my purchase.  The price and the GPS feature were the deciding factors for me.  Here's the question I'd like to ask.  Has anybody posted the possible purchase of a lock box for an extra key for the emergency responders to gain entry into your home without damaging your door?  Three years ago I took a fall and couldn't get back up.......wasn't sure if it was a heart attack or stroke.  The nearest phone was up on the wall in the kitchen.  I had no way to call 911.  To complicate matters, I live alone.  I tried getting up 4 or 5 times with no success.  As I was laying there on my back, it finally dawned on me, I had my cell phone in my jeans pocket (duh) and called 911.  I was asked if my front door was unlocked and I said no.  They said, "don't do anything, we'll get it".  Not knowing what they meant by "we'll get in", I crawled on my stomach for about 25 feet, reached up and unlock both locks, rolled over on my back, and waited for the emergency responders.  I spent two days in the hospital.  Within a few days of being released, I went down to the local hardware store, purchased a lock box, had a spare key made, and then installed them on a hose bib located by the front door. My kids and 5 Star have the combination to it.  It's just a thought, gang.......better safe than sorry.

Here we are after 3 FULL days of my 87 year-old mother-in-law having absolutely NO phone service!!!  When I bought the phone, it was because of the advertised specialized service designed to make using a cell phone easier for seniors.  We started trying to activate the phone on 12/31/2013 and as of this minute (5:37 pm 1/3/2014) the phone is still not working!!!  We've heard &#34;activation could take up to 3 days.&#34;  We've heard &#34;the problem is with your previous service provider who has not released your phone number.&#34;  We've heard &#34;oh yes, that number has been released but now it should be activated by the end of the day.  We'll call you.&#34;  (Any guesses about receiving the promised call?).  Meanwhile, the aforementioned 87 year-old has been without phone service since 1/31.  And this is a service aimed at providing &#34;Urgent Response&#34; services for seniors???It's impossible for us to rate the service because we haven't received any!!!  The size of the phone is great.  The simplicity of the phone looks good.  But it is impossible to rate a service you can't get.

it was a great price for the unit.  the setup was easy and for my 84 yo father it is simple to use.  just remember to charge it at least every other day.

My mom fell a few days after showing her how to use the call button.  They stayed on the line with her until the EMTs arrived.  So that part was perfect.  The only problem with the service not the device, they did not contact either of the people listed on the account to be notified in case of emergency.

It was nice to be in touch in case you he help, but it can be a funtime getting it set up and tom get coustmer service to help with trouble that come up. i give it a so so rating.

The transmission wasn't good in our house -- the idea is wonderful, but just didn't fill our needs.  Certainly if they used Verizon the transmission would be good.

My father used to have this on his old cellphone. When he switched to an android phone, the app requires him to type in a password and another key every time he uses it. Before, he just pushed the button and an operator came on.He was so confused by this he called 5 Star to get clarification. They confirmed that yes, now every time you want to use it you have to put in your keycode. Well, that's awfully hard to do when you're having a heart attack. He cancelled. Now I'm shopping for a new service for him.

I purchased this from Amazon and received it in 3 days.  It arrived in perfect condition and I was able to register and set up my account online within 1/2 hour of receiving it.

I usually jog and workout by myself.  This is my back up in case I hurt myself.  I have not yet had to use it in an emergency situation.

After a few days I got over feeling tethered. I get peace of mind, knowing help is only the push of a button away. It's easier than I thought to keep it on me at all times. If I don't feel like picking it up and moving it with me I remember that if something happens I won't have time to search or fumble around for it and it only makes sense to pay for this service it I avail myself of it 24 hrs/day. It's sitting right next to my keyboard as I type, having become a good friend to me. I'm so grateful for this technology.

So far everything with the 5Star device and Greatcall service is what they advertised.  Buy from Amazon for a slightly less price and activate device online with Greatcall to save another few dollars.  A nice feature of this service is there is no annual contract.Buy the lanyard is you don't already have your own.

It does the job as advertised, neat looking,fee for sign up and monthly fee fair and economical - I am glad I now have this protection.

This is a brilliant product! The fact that you don't need to have a base unit and can take this with you wherever you go is a huge bonus over those home-only base-unit systems. It reminds you when the battery needs charging but if you plug it in each night like you would your cell phone/smart phone, you won't have any problems keeping it charged.We had to have the charger replaced within the 1st 2 days of having this unit in our home. When plugged into the wall, it hummed and buzzed -- then it started to smell like burning wires so I pulled the plug on it. They sent another one and, fortunately, in the interim I was able to use my phone's micro USB charger.After about 2 months, the unit began failing to hold a charge for more than a couple of hours. Yes, HOURS. I tried over a period of a week to get the thing to top off the battery but it wouldn't and it started to get really &#34;old&#34; being woken in the middle of the night by the unit alerting us that it was low on power and needed to be recharged... if only it would do so...I called 5Star/Great Call and they offered to replace the unit immediately. But I had to pay shipping. That just sucks -- if it's under warranty, they should be bending over backwards to provide good customer service and making me fork over more money to get a replacement sent to us didn't do it for me.The replacement unit worked properly for about 5 months and then it, too, starting to refuse to hold a charge. I didn't wait a week this time -- I called the 2nd day. I got a customer service rep who very simply asked me: have you rebooted the unit? What? Rebooting the unit... imagine that.... No where in their instructions does it say that if the unit fails to take a charge that you should reboot it. To be honest, I didn't even realize there was an off/on switch on the darn thing because it NEVER gets turned off. EVER.Long story short, he told me to hold in the little tiny button on the side of the unit until it shut down and then repeat that to turn it back on. Then he told me to plug it in and charge it until the light held solid (no flashing). It worked like a charm and the unit is back to behaving properly at it's been over a month since that re-set. It's a good thing because I was about to move on to another system -- if you're ordering this because you need someone to have instant access to help and it can't be trusted it's not worth keeping. And it doesn't matter if $15/month is the best price you've ever seen for this type of service -- no trust, no keep... priceless person needs to be safe.My overall impressions:The unit is kind of big and bulky compared to others we've used with the base-unit home-only systems we've had previously. That makes sense because it needs to perform the functions of the base unit in something that's wearable. We can live with the extra size but it's not a subtle unit. Unless it's under your clothing, people will see it. Not a big deal but something to consider.I had to purchase a lanyard because my hubby needs to have that type of access to the unit when out and about. When he's in bed, we just leave it within reach on his bedside table. The lanyard is perfect when we're on the move.It's not waterproof or water resistent and while an optional waterproof pouch is sold by the company so that you could wear the unit in the shower, it's $20 and that's pretty ridiculous. But if you need to be safe in the shower, unless you want to pay that price, you'll have to figure out some other way to keep the unit dry while you take care of getting clean.The fact that you can use this unit anywhere there's Verizon cell service is a really big deal. I also appreciate that they market this product for non-elders who would benefit from being able to access help with the push of a button. Think about a dark parking lot or street and feeling unsure about whether you're being followed... what a blessing to have one of these on your key ring and be able to get someone on the phone who can call the authorities for you while you keep your hands free and concentrate on getting to the safety of your car, office or home. How about the Alzheimer's or dementia patient who is prone to wandering and manages to leave their home or facility without someone seeing. The GPS chip in this thing would allow the person to be tracked by the authorities or the person who sets up the account associated with the unit. It would work similarly for a kiddo with one of these on his/her backpack or in their jacket pocket.  I can see ton of benefit to virtually all age groups. It's something to think about...Anyway, we really like the unit and thank goodness, we haven't had to use it for its intended purpose yet. Now that it's properly holding a charge as it should, we're confident that we have a valuable safety tool in our arsenal. Just remember that when it gets funky, reboot before even trying customer service.

I purchased this product for my elderly parent and have paid the fee on a monthly basis. The two(2) times we have pushed the button just to see if it works over the last eight(8) months they have said &#34;please note that all available operators are assisting other customers presently&#34; then, when asked about this the patient should press down for 5 seconds to bypass and go directly to emergency. Really, just keep pushing button 5 to 10 secondsI am set up as an emergency contact as is my sister and today we had an emergency. I live 5 hours from my mother and my sister lives 6 hours . They asked me what pass code was when i called to ask them to tell me where her 5 star gps said she was. WE CANT DO THAT HIPPA  . I know all about hippa as we are pharmacists. We are in emergency situation and would not check on her asked to call an ambulance, IT NEVER ARRIVED I called her neighbor who called 911 and they broke into house. She has laid on floor ALL DAY I WILL NEVER recommend them!!

I thought this would be great for my 82 year old mother.  She has a First Alert, but this has so many more great services.  It arrived today and I went online to activate it for her.  I could not, however, get past the first page of info., so I called customer service.  They informed me that the product could not be activated for use in our area, due to insufficient Verizon coverage.  I was calling customer service on my Verizon phone!  He was sorry, but told me to send the device back, so it is being returned.  It may be wise to check with their activation website before purchasing.  We are in the NE corner of PA and use our Verizon phones all the time!  I am so disappointed.  And my mother was very excited about having more peace of mind just knowing that help would be there, if she needed it.

I ordered this for my mom and tried to activate it.  It won't even activate at a location no more than 6 miles from the support center of this device! I did hard reset at various locations as tech suggested. Amazon charged me restocking fee because I didn't return it within 30 days.  Beware although this device is mobile it may not work due to poor coverage.

We had tried one of the other brands of urgent response buttons, but didn't like.  This one lets you talk to someone and decide the best course of action.  The only down-side, is it's bigger than the rest and hanging it around the neck isn't as handy.

I need to reduce expenses and found that I could get the same service by wearing my cell phone in a small bag attached to a lanyard. I never had occasion to use it.

I purchased an elderly friend an Urgent Response device and she had it a couple months before she passed. It was sad, but she was ready to go after almost 90 yrs. Regardless, I called to find out about using the device for another relative and found out I could not reprogram it myself but had to send it back (it is only two months old) for some type of attention. It will cost almost the full amount I paid for the device to make it available for my relative. NOW THAT IS REALLY STUPID AND I FEEL CHEATED.

I really like this product.  I had tried the others on the market and they had much higher monthly fees.  Came across this one after taking a fall which made me decide to revisit an emergency response system again.  I really like that it can go anywhere with me, not just around home.  I've already recommended this to other family members.  Even though the advertisements on TV say you can get them at Walmart, when you go there, they don't seem to have any idea what you're talking about.  If you accidentaly hit the call button and then push it again to hang up - they will call you back to make sure everything is okay.

Upon trying to activate -I was told that my  address of my home was not covered & was told to return for refund. I have other electronic devices in my home that all work well. I thought  that  the 5 star would work every which is misleading.

it did not work.  i bought it for my mother and she threw out the packaging and i didn't bother to return it.  also the people on the other end of the phone were not helpful.  we bought another one and it works fine.....pretty bad when walmart is better...........

I purchased this device several years ago for my mother. She's very new device-phobic, and basically was unwilling or unable to learn how to charge it (it requires using a USB charging port on  the device.) So it just sat around, unused, in a drawer for quite a long time (and I foolishly kept paying the monthly service charges.) I finally decided to get her a different device that doesn't require recharging, so I called GreatCall today to cancel. (They don't allow you to cancel on their website, for reasons that soon became obvious.)The person I spoke to clearly didn't listen to what I was saying (he kept repeating that I had a Jitterbug phone, which I did not, and he also seemed to think the device was for my use, when I clearly told him it was for my mother.) And then I had to go through exhaustive questioning about why I wanted to cancel. I made it quite clear that the device had not been used and was never GOING to be used, yet he persisted in asking irrelevant and unnecessary questions. Then he had to go "speak to his supervisor" and he put me on hold. (I felt like I was buying a car!) When he came back, he gave me some canned speech about "how much we care for our customers and want to make sure they're safe" and offered me a free month of service, etc. I interrupted him and said that this was NOT going to happen and that my decision to cancel was not up for discussion or negotiation. STILL he persisted on trying to keep me as a customer. I finally said "If you care so much about your customers, then why don't you do what they ask you to do and LET THEM CANCEL!" At that point he became very businesslike and curt and just gave me the official info about when my service would terminate (they won't let you cancel in the middle of a period you've already paid for and get a refund for a partial month).If he hadn't taken this tack, I was planning to ask him about re-activating the device in some point in the future for MY personal use (or for another relative's or friend) but after this experience I'd never do business with them again under any circumstances.

My husband has Aphasia which is a speech disorder caused by a stroke.  He understands but can not speak very well.  This product is perfect for him because it's only one button to press in case of emergency.  He has tested it in different locations to make certain they can locate him.  Because of the information I had to provide about his Aphasia they are able to talk to him to verify that he's ok.

I accidentally washed my husband's responder in the washing machine.  It was brand new and retailed at $50.00.  I didn't want to buy another one at that price but it looked like the only option...until I checked on Amazon.  One was advertised as "slightly used"and I was a bit hesitant.  Then I checked the price (less than $15.00) and decided to give it a try.  It arrived in the original packaging all in tact.  I activated it through the 5 Star service and it is working as well as a brand new device.  Always check Amazon before spending money on anything!  Amazon stands by everything sold and if ever a problem, Amazon will make it right.

I got the 5Star because it is the only device out there with a GPS in the Urgent Response system.  I checked all others, the most coverage you got was 400 to 1000 feet from home...this allows you to go anywhere and they can find you via the gps....good job Great Call.....

I purchased for my wife, who is handicapped. She has been known to 'fall' a few times when I was not at home to assist her.Very easy to setup and seems to works very well. Monthly service charge is very reasonable.

I often am alone and have asthma and other health care concerns, so I feel more secure with an emergency responder available at all times. I tried a land-line system (similar to Life Alert), but because it was only available while I was at home, it really wasn't meeting my needs. This nifty little device goes with me anywhere there is cell phone coverage, offering immediate access to emergency responders at the touch of a button. It also has GPS location tracking capability.Setting up the system was a simple process through GreatCall's website, which is intuitive and user friendly. (Fair warning though - save your profile entries as you go along! I was timed out in the middle of entering my emergency contacts and had to re-enter quite a bit of information.)There is a nice review in the Wall Street Journal, written last fall soon after the device was released. The writer tested the device and offers a comprehensive review of its pluses and minuses: [...]

My neighbor Mariam and I are in our mid-sixties.  Her husband recommended this device so that we could get help during long walks just in case Mariam, who has a heart condition, begins to feel bad.  We have great Verizon coverage in our area, and she has been very pleased with her tests of the device.I didn't have any problems during the activation of my device:  I thought that the steps were explained clearly by the Customer Service representative, who talked with me clearly and politely during our approximately 20-minute telephone call.I have not yet retired and like the fact that this device can travel with me to work and back.The only problem that I encountered was that initially I could not get the device to turn off.  Consequently, I really couldn't figure-out whether or not it was &#34;on&#34; because I didn't know how to tell the difference between off and on.  After several days, the &#34;off/on&#34; button worked properly, and I've learned that a voice speaks when it powers off and on in a way that is similar to the procedure that a cell phone uses when it powers on and off.Because of the problem above, the cell phone was actually &#34;on&#34; for several days.  I didn't recharge it during that time.  The unit has a small &#34;ready&#34; light that blinks to show that the device is operating properly.  The device continued blinking all week, and I am re-charging the device now and hoping to restore the full battery charge, indicated by a steady green light on the battery indicator.It couldn't be simpler.  I understand that a cell phone can be used to call 911, as well; however, it takes awhile for my cell phone to power up.  It's not always easy to use.  This device is simple and, hopefully, works as well as promised.I am pleased with the battery life and so far am pleased with everything.  Hope it isn't needed but am glad to have it.

I haven,t  had ocassion to use it yet but  I especiallly like the GPS  feature and its light weight. Bought  a  lanyard  for it  also.

Ihave not needed it yet, but feel very safe and am wearing it all the time and have it charging on my night table every night.

DO NOT BUY A 5-STAR URGENT RESPONSE MADE BY GREATCALL -  It can stop working just from moist hands or by being worn into a high humidity area. In October, 2012, I purchased a 5-Star Urgent Response for my mom since she is almost 90, lives by herself, and had just recovered from a broken pelvis. Although the product carries a manufacturer's warranty for one year, they do not honor it if the device is worn into a bathroom. Note I did NOT say WORN INTO A SHOWER, BUT WORN INTO A BATHROOM.Back in February, my mom's device starting beeping and randomly calling for help without her even touching the device. When she called to ask to have it fixed, they refused to honor the warranty saying that she must have gotten the device wet.She had admitted that she wore it into the bathroom, but I had installed a hook for her to hang it on when she showered. Plus since she wore the device on the outside of her clothing on a lanyard, she had to remove this device first before removing her clothing to shower.Today I called customer service and they confirmed that they will not honor the warranty because the symptoms shown by the device indicate to them (without any type of examination) that she got it wet.They admitted that just moist hands or a steamy bathroom would be enough to make the device not work, even if it is not taken directly into a shower or tub. According to them, this voids the warranty. IMAGINE IF SHE LIVED IN FLORIDA OR IF IT WAS THE SUMMER TIME WHEN HUMIDITY IS HIGH AND REAL PEOPLE PERSPIRE!PLEASE... DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE!! Most senior accidents happen in the bathroom. Having a device that cannot be worn into the bathroom and hung on a hook outside the shower without breaking is NOT something you want for your elderly relative or friend!This device should not be worn by seniors since it is unreliable and is not made for real people!

This company sells its product without properly checking that it will work in a customer's situation, and then wastes enormous amounts of customer time through its refusal to acknowledge problems.  For a company that interacts with elders, they show a shocking level of unconcern for an an older person's need to be spoken to honestly, clearly and plainly.My mother and I just cancelled this service after endless frustration this company's appalling tech support and customer service.  It's clear that employees of this outfit are trained to keep promoting the product no matter how unreliably it's actually working, and not to admit that its poor performance may be due to obvious problems that mean it should never have been sold to them.It appears that my mother can't get an unreliable Verizon signal, due to local topography right around my mother's house, but the usual Verizon heatmaps don't show such tiny dead spots.  We were eagerly sold the product despite this problem, and  Mom has spent long stretches of time with Customer Service and Tech Support trying to troubleshoot the unreliable signal.  At one point, they had two techs on the line with her, telling her to walk all over the neighborhood while they looked for her signal, until she nearly collapsed of exhaustion.Even after this episode, it didn't occur to the company to admit that there may be a local coverage problem.  The signal failures continued, and GreatCall's phone people treated each one as though it was happening for the first time, never recognizing a pattern or hearing her when she pointed it out.Finally, today, I had to call them twice until I finally got an agent ("Kathleen") who sounded like she respected my intelligence and was capable of listening to me.  She immediately went to some source (I'm not sure what) and said "Yes, the signal at your exact location is going in and out of prepaid, which means you're not going to get good service in your device.  You should cancel your subscription."It's sad to have to say that, because if they hear this, GreatCall will probably punish Kathleen for telling us the truth, rather than all the others who misled us.Remarkably, even after a GreatCall agent told us that we should cancel the subscription, it took another 20 minutes to get it cancelled, because the next agent ("Justin") refused to hear me when I said we were canceling.  He tried to contradict what Kathleen had said, tried to offer me discounts on a service we already knew was worthless, and had to be shouted at before he would finally get the message and cancel the subscription.  I have a very deep voice and yet it's amazing how loud I had to shout before he quit spewing hype and denial and actually listened to me.  If it had been my other on the line, he would never have heard her.  Justin is not someone who should ever be allowed to do business with elders, unless the intent is to exploit them.My mother was utterly exhausted and enraged by the endless morass of hype, contradiction and denial that is GreatCalls's customer service system, which is why I had to take over.  Older people who are less comfortable with the latest technology will have a nightmare dealing with these people directly if anything goes wrong.If you live in a flat place near a cell tower, you may well not have a problem (apart from the clip on the device, which is designed to break off the first time you use it).  But be prepared for nothing but hype, contradiction, and denial if you need tech support.  You might be fortunate to reach "Kathleen," who will tell you the truth, but of course they've probably fired her by now.

This is not a device that I want to find out how well it works--that would mean that I was in serious trouble. What I can comment on is the quality of the service. I've set off the device twice wrestling with my grandson--there was an immediate response from GreatCall. They asked what the problem was and if I needed assistance. I explained the false alarm and they thanked me for using GreatCall. Even though I was not in need of service it was great to get such an immediate response.Then I had a problem with the USB port used to charge the device. I called Great Call got a real person who immediately transferred my call to tech support. The gave me a tech support number and I mailed the device to them on Friday. My device, now in working order, was back in my hands Wednesday of the following week.  The is wonderful service. Everything is working fine.

Haven't had to use it, but I tested it and it responded immediately and tracked me.  It beeps to let me know it needs charged, and holds the charge quite awhile.

I really like this product as you can take it with you where ever you go and feel safe. Not just at home!

THE SERVICE WAS RECOMMENDED BY FRIENDS. EASY TO USE, LIKE THE LOCATION FEATURE. GREAT QUESTIONAIRE  FEATURES FOR YOUR HEALTH AND LOCATION SERVICE.

Bought this for my wife.  When I started the service i found out they charge you a $35 fee which is expensive.  I tried locating her a few times and it did not work. So we didn;t know if it would work in an emergency. She also carries a cellphone so she also did not want to carry it.  When I turned it off the rep said I had 60 days to turn on the device or if my wife decides to use it again we would have to buy another device!!!  That doesn't make sense.

I choose this device because it will works wherever I go if I have a cell signal from Verizon. I like it's for all kinds of emergencies. The only reason I didn't give a5 star rating I have not had to use the device.

This works well. We guess. Havent had to use it yet. Costs less than most other things like it on the market. However, it is bigger than the life alert and the ones that go on wrist. BUt it does go anywhere. None of the literature talked about taXes on the bill, so when you receive your monthly bill, expect all the taxes and surcharges of a cell phone which runs bill to $20 instead of $15.

What every mature person needs.  I should have gotten this a long time ago.  The 5Star Urgent Response gadget is 1/2 the price of the other medical alert systems and even works away from your home.  The others only work in your house where the main box is located.

THIS ITEM HAS MADE ME FEEL MORE SECURE IN MY HOME AND OUTSIDE.IT WAS EASY TO ORDER AND EASY TO SET UP FOR USE.

Unit stopped working and all I got was RUN AROUND!! &#34;Sorry techicnal service is too busy&#34; they were supposed to call back and never did!If the unit works its fine if not...your on your own. SCREWED!

this product offers the best of both worlds, a medical alert system and access to help when out.  I gave it a 4 star because registering can be a challenge.  technical support is great though.  lrk

The unit works okey but the battery must be recharged every three days.The website could be made easier to understand.

I bought one for myself at first - then once I discovered it's full potential, I bought one for 4 more members of my family that are at risk.

It was perfect for my 87 year old Mom.  Everything they promised.  A little time to set up but worth it.

Very good product, very good service. The button is not easily accidentally pressed. You do need a regular subscription of course but it is pretty cheap.

I bought this for my husband, he is a quadriplegic and has a trach, so he can not speak very loud. this is the first device we found that works away from home, via Verizon. and since I am his sole caretaker, should something happen to me, lets say in the car somewhere between home and nowhere, all he has to do is push the button and help is on the way. what we did, and still do, is to try this device out everywhere we go, to make sure there is reception, just for our peace of mind. we are very happy. tried the jitterbug before, but that costs more monthly, and my husband can not operate it whithout help, and that means definitely not in an emergency situation. so this is great. than we ordered the waterproof pouch, and that works well too, even though we simply use one of those little gadgets where you would put your id card in and carry it around your neck, costs only a dollar at the dollarstore. great buy/ and my husband is less stressed, with his ptsd, that he will be able to call for help.

I read a lot of reviews and there were quite a few with complaints about how complicated it was to set up. Admittedly, I'm tech savvy - but it couldn't have been any simpler to get up and running. The fact that it's on the Verizon Network is truly great.

I got this for a relative. I set it up and tested it and in the process became familiar with its capabilities.My relative was at home alone, fell and could not get up. It may sound trite and melodramatic, but if you're the person who has fallen, if is frightening - as it is to a relative many miles away.The first thing I checked about 5Star is which cellular network they use.I asked on their Facebook page and had an answer within two hours. Verizon. Had they used Sprint, I would have moved on.Sprint currently has the worst network of all the carriers - and I'm a 12 year customer of Sprint. Sprint is awful.I ordered the unit and tried it out. It works flawlessly. Follow the graphic instructions and you are up and running within a few minutes. The online registration is simple and gives you the opportunity to provide special instructions, such as the location of keys so emergency service responders don't have to break down doors and such.5Star technical support which I called primarily to test it was readily available and well schooled, not only on the product, but network operation as well. 5Star customer support was quick to answer as well. Fortunately we have not had to use the 5Star in an emergency situation - and I frankly hope that remains the case.The GPS is phenomenally accurate right down to the street address. I suspect they use nt only GPS but cell tower triangulation as well.5Star recommends that the battery be charged every night and I agree. You never want to have a dead battery on this kind of device.By the way, you can use this unit not only for summoning emergency help, but for less critical situations as well.Overall, I am please with unit and am very glad my relative has it. Makes me feel that he can summon help when he needs it, no matter where he is. Well worth the modest purchase price and monthly service fee.Jerry

I cancelled my expensive contract that covered my house only, and purchased this instead. I can use this anywhere in the country, and it has built-in GPS - who could ask for more. My only beef is the battery needs to be charged often, but I purchased an extra AC charger and a car charger, so no problem.

I bought two.  I think this is a great product - particularly for women.  Real people answer when you call, and they are very helpful.My mother in law is in her 50s, drives an older car, and often works late doing photography.  She's very independent, but my wife and I worry about her. She travels all around, often to urban locations, to take photos. We're particularly worried about her walking to her car, or walking by herself in the city.I bought her one of these.  She has a cell, but there's no way she's going to get to it in an emergency with the camera and bag and all the other stuff she often carries. With this thing, she can clip it to her bag, and call for help with one button press.  Pretty cool.So, I also bought one for my wife's grandmother.  She's 80, and lives alone (also independent).  She had a scary incident a couple of months ago when she was sick with the flu, and couldn't get to the phone.  A neighbor found her.  This thing would have helped.My mother in law is very happy with the gift.  She called me later to tell me how much she liked it, and how much safer it makes her feel.Very glad I bought. For $50 a piece, it's cheap enough to try. The monthly is $15 for 1, $9 for each additional.  $25/month isn't much to know they're safe.  I'm going to try this out for a few months.

Anyone who has a child or elderly parent who could get confused or overwhelmed by cell phones, this would be an excellent choice.  Also avoids excess usage of phone calls, texting, messaging.  Truly only for emergencies.

This was exactly what we needed. My wife has a very quiet voice, and the first product we tried could only be used in the same room as the master control. The 5Star allows her to hold it close enough to be heard and also allows it to be used outside the home. Easy re-charging also helps.

This is for anyone that wants to be able to get help no matter where they are located at the time.Whether  you have physical ailments, or just want the security of knowing you can get immediate help if someone breaks in, all you have to do is hit the button. Someone will get on and ask where you are and what is wrong ?But unlike other emergency units(like the one advertized with the woman on the floor saying &#34;Help I've fallen and I can't get up&#34;.), they are units installed in your home and the button you carry are only good for a certain amount of feet away from the base unit.But this 5star Urgent Response is basically a cell phone so it has a gps locater that the emergency service can use to locate you. You can't make phone calls with it but the button will contact the service or if you press and hold it it will put you in contacts with the actual 911 .I test it often and it works fine. Oh and one other Big difference over the base unit emergency units. It is only aprox 18 dollars monthly as opposed to over 30 for the base unit models !

I really liked all of the capabilities and was perfect for what I wanted.  Unfortunately it was not usuable in this area due to not being able to activate. I was able to easily return and recieved my refund.

We have a Jitterbug telephone with 5 star and this device.  If I were to purchase today, I would skip the phone and order two of these!

The 5star Responder and 5star Response is amazing. It's probably the most portable, cost effective personal safety device on the market.As a lifelong allergy and asthma sufferer who's had a few close calls, I had considered purchasing a medical alert button before but I found every other service far too expensive (and just a little bit uncool... hey I'm only 29). Then I found the 5Star Responder. 5Star is so much more than your typical medial alert button. It's really like a personal emergency concierge or an On*Star for people.5Star isn't just for medical emergencies. You can call 5Star for any urgent or potentially urgent situation. You could be afraid to walk to your car alone at night, run low on gas and need directions to the nearest station, or hear strange noises in your home. At the push of a button a friendly 5Star agent will come on the line and offer assistance. Thanks to the unit's built in GPS the agent on the line will know exactly where you are and where to send help if you need it.The responder device retails for under $50 and the monthly service fee (after a one time activation charge) is just $14.99 with no contract and it works anywhere on the Verizon network. This means that unlike a traditional medical alert button that's fixed to your home, the 5Star responder goes with you and is ready to provide assistance anywhere you happen to be. The device is small and weighs just 1.8 ounces. I keep mine clipped to my belt and I hardly notice I'm wearing it. When traditional medical alert companies charge $30-45 dollars a month for a service you can't take with you, 5Star is definitely a bargain. As an added bonus, 5Star even offers a LiveNurse service that a 5Star agent can conference in for you to answer any of your health or medical questions.Best of all, GreatCall's 5Star Response has rock star customer service. I had a little trouble getting my device to activate due to a technical problem with a Verizon tower in my area. As a techie I usually hate calling tech support or customer service centers but Great Call connected me with the best customer service agent I've ever worked with. Not only did he seem concerned with my service... but he seemed concerned about me as a person and by the end of the call I felt like I was talking to a trusted friend or colleague.GreatCall also offers a 5Star Response app for the iPhone. I tested the app and it worked well too but I ultimately decided to go with the 5Star Responder as a standalone unit because if you're like me your iPhone is never charged when you need it or perhaps you don't carry it around with you in the gym. The standalone unit has much better battery life and is a lot easier to keep with you. It might be nice if 5Star offered some sort of combination where you could have both the stand alone device and the maybe the iPhone app for just a few dollars more (it never hurts to have a backup) but so far that's not an option.Overall, I'm very satisfied with my service and my purchase and I would highly recommend this device to anyone who is concerned about their personal safety.Update: GreatCall now lets you use the mobile app for no additional cost if you have the 5star Responder. You just need to download the app on your smart phone and use the same email address you used to register your 5star responder.  The mobile app will share the same profile as your 5star responder.

I got this an alternative to life alert and its worth the money in my opinion. My mother has a laundry list of health issues and, while still independent, She is not ready for a nursing home, and at some times during my work hours is alone in the house. We had this product for over a year when she had chest pains... I had just returned home to find her sitting in her chair talking to a urgent response worker over the device. The device is wireless and has gps and the person on the other talks directly to the person or persons present. When I arrived the Great call ppl had already gotten information from my mother on her chest pains and the ambulance was on the way. It all turned out ok but just the peace of mind it gives us both makes it worth the money. In the booklet they recommend it for anyone, not just the elderly.. but anyone you wish to give an added sense of protection to. Just push the button for any reason.. if your sick.. in danger.. or just want someone to talk to while you walk to your car at night. I highly recommend you looking into this product.

I would like it were waterproof and would stay charged longer.Also, I was supposed to get the first month free by purchasing it at Amazon.

I just received my 5Star responder and was really happy with the design and the ease to set up. The problem was that it is LOUD you dont see this mentioned on their site but you cannot lower the volume or turn it off. Being advertised as a safety device it should be more discreet. It should have the option of silencing voice e.g. if one were abducted, etc. if I wanted to push the button to directly contact 911 it will say loudly ... calling 911?!? This could put you in greater danger.I really wanted this to work after such great reviews I only hope the company will add the option of silencing the volume level in the future. For now Im returning the device (the RMA process was easy and customer service was great)

It was not what I wanted.  I do not have the original packaging-can I still return this product for a refund?  I have ordered a product  that is worn around the neck when at home that is what I wanted.

I ordered this item as a late Christmas present for a 94 year-old dear friend  on Feb 24, received Feb 26 from Amazon.Before ordering, I called 5star a bit b4 Christmas +/- to ensure they still offered the discount for a second unit on the same account-namely, $15/mo for the 1st unit, and $9/mo for the second.When I returned from a long trip and called to activate today, they informed me of the 70% price increase in monthly monitoring a 2d unit, from $9 to $15!In more meaningful terms, from $108/yr to $180/yr.In still more meaningful terms, assuming a 5 year ownership time, from $540 for 5 years to almost $1,000.Off course they do & should have the right to do whatever they please as a biz decision. No issues with that. And, clearly good value for the $$$, both for piece of mind, or, God forbid, actually being in a health crisis and having to use it.He then went on to advise me that their option to increase prices was spelled out in the "fine print". Really ... he actually used the words fine print! Again, I have no issue with it being their right to make a biz decision. But the guy was actually pretty unapologetic about having to read the "fine print", even to actually using those precise words (which I associate with "Gotcha print."CONCLUSIONS:1.  Be aware of 70% price increase on 2d unit monitoring fees. I consider this absolutely outrageous, AND an outrageous way to treat existing customers.2. Be aware they apparently consider such a colossal price increase both feasible & reasonable.3.No reason to believe a similar % increase may not be in the works for some future date on single unit fees - esp if they are the"only game in town" and have huge pricing power.

This is a great product.  It is as advertised and the customer service is excellent.  I would recommend it for all Seniors and children too! The ability to track and be tracked is a great service.

We have had 2 great calls for my elderly mom and dad; my dad was the account holder, and all the kids were emergency contacts. We were thrilled with them until last night. Recently, my dad, age 90 and with lots of health problems, has started to have memory issues,  and my mom fell and broke her back 3 weeks ago and is also needing pretty much full time support. We are in the process of helping him let us take over the bills, as this is a newly emerging issue. Last night, I checked both their 5 stars and neither worked; I got a recorded message from verizon (not 5 star) telling me to buy a calling card. For my parents, that would have been hopelessly  confusing, and they wouldn't have had no help if they had pressed the button in an emergency. I called 5 star, and they were nice, but said that the notes on the account were unclear, they couldnt understand them, and that there had been a payment 2 months ago, for 2 months worth, so even if there was a problem with the bill it was too early for it to have been cancelled normally. They told me to call financial services today. When my sister called them from across the country, assuming that the credit card info hadn't been updated by my Dad and eager to make a payment, the 5 star person wouldn't speak to her as dad is the account holder, which is understandable, but beyond that the 5 star person was extremely rude and unhelpful, which is not understandable.My concern is, that they shut off the 5 star devices without notifying the emergency contacts on the account. If they notified my Dad, he would not remember. Regardless, the night time 5 star person had told me she didn't know why it was shut off right now, as it was too early for it to have been shut down even if there was a non payment issue.Anyhow, I hate to think what would have happened if I hadn't happened to check the devices just by chance. They should make triple sure people are notified if they are going to shut off the devices, seeing as sick people depend upon them.

It's too long.  There should be a way to adjust the length.  It hangs past my waste, and I'm quite tall.

So far this is a great device.  I haven't had to use it yet and hope I don't ever have to.  I wear it on a chain around my neck and don't even notice that it's there most of the time.  The only improvement that I would suggest is that they find a way to make it waterproof.  I researched several of these devices before buying this one and found Great Call to be the best buy for the monthly charge and the service area covered.

I have only had this devise less than a week but so far I have found it lives up to its reputation and its publicity.  I have already recommended it to a friend.  Thank you for following up.  Pat Kaiser

No I do not own the product, nor do I intend to purchase one at this point.  I wanted to get this device for my wife who is a triathlete and very active outdoors.  Accidents happen all the time and someone who is out biking or running as often as she is is more prone to needing assistance than most people.  I was all set to get her one of these things.  But based on the reviews I am seeing I have to thank all those that shared their experiences.  It appears that if you are getting one of these things for a person who sits in front of the tv all the time, never goes outside on a humid day, and never works up a sweat from doing anything more strenuous than eating a cupcake in a location with verizon coverage, you will be just fine.  But if you want to provide added protection for an active individual that may actually have a life where he or she does something involving getting out of a chair, this is not the device for you.  If you can't wear or use it because it might get moist from the steam comining from your cup of hot coffee, or heaven forbid you might be outside when it's raining, what good is it??  I can set my cell phone so that a one-button push will connect me with 911...and at least I can take that into the bathroom with me in case I fall into the bowl and can't get out.  I know, we can get the unit encased in lucite.  All we need to do then is figure out how to hit the call button.  OK, we will work on that one.

This has provided great peace of mind for my family. We can now know exactly where our mother is using the Great call link and our mother knows she can reach help from wherever she is with just the touch of a button.

I had this unit for two weeks and sent it back for a full refund and they said that it was all scratched up and would not issue any refund at all. It would not work well in my home as the house has aluminum siding. They said that they are sending it back to me. I am out $101.33, I told them that I forgot to wipe off the finger prints but the woman said that it was fill of scratches, it was not scratched up when I sent it back. A SCAM, I don't know.Francis

This is a MUST++Really works and you great a immediate call on the unit from a LIVE PERSON. I wear it all the time. It works all over and it gives you knowledge that you have help all the time. We both have one. It Super

I bought 2 for my elderly parents and for the most part it is great. At times, the connection is a little off inside their apt., but that is expected with any Cell Phone company. Except for that, this is a wonderful tool for any elderly parent,small kids or for yourself in a time of need or just knowing where your loved ones are. The customer support is wonderful and very responsive to your needs. I think their price is great and I am very satisfied getting these for my parents. Works inside and outside with its GPS service. Good product..

Called "GreatCall" 1 800 733-6632 to find out if their "Urgent Response" device would work here. I was told by their rep. that it would. When it arrived, found that it would not work in this area. Called back, they told me to send it back and they would refund back to my Visa card the full amount in 21days. Great Call sent me a return Label, I sent it back on Nov. 19, 2012 by USPS as per the return label.USPS 11-19-2012When I didn't receive any reply after 21 days I called them. They said that the devisehad a scratch on it and they would not return my $105.65. I informed themthat the devise had a scratch in it when I received it. They said that Ishould have contacted them immediately. When I received the device myfirst concern was if it would work, found that it did not work in this area. Icalled them. This time they said the person that I talked should have said that it would not work in this area...They sent me a return USPS label. The Label was USPS, the instruction sheet that came with this label instructed me to deliver it to UPS?They will not return my $105.65 due to this scratch that was in the devisewhen I received it. They said that it did not have a scratch in it when it wasshipped. As God is my witness I did not put that scratch in it. They arestealing my $105.65Talked to Pete with Great Call in Cal. Ph. 1 800 276-7266 ext 6984 on Dec. 10, 2012, he said that Great Call would credit my Visa account with $70.00 in 72hrs. But, would not credit the full amount due to the scratch in the case of the Urgent Response devise. Called Credit Card Co. after the 72hr time frame indicated in our phone call, no refund of any amount has been credited to my Visa. Every attempt of correct this issue was delayed time and again, I feel that they were trying to run out the clock in my efforts to collect what I was owed.

Best part is it is not limited to in-home, has GPS, and easy to set up ... like a personal OnStar ... also permits designated others to find user's location as needed. Can also be used in keeping track of children, as well as provide them with a quick link to help. Personally, it permits us to keep track of my mother in law ... since she got her pacemaker, she's a bit hard to keep up with!

my elderly mother lives alone and this seems to be the perfect gadget to give her great comfort in case she would fall or need assistance.  she wears it under her shirt and we also like that we can track her.  one day she wasn't answering her phone all day and I was going to make sure she was alright.  I tracked her first and realized she was in the location of a casino (obviously with friends).  great features with this.

I received it very fast and I was able to get it turned on to replace an older unit that the battery was not holding a charge. Very Happy with transaction.

Purchased for my Mother who is still active and walks daily.  Nice to know she has contact should an emergency arise at home or away form home.

Just one week after my mother began wearing this device around her neck on a lanyard, she took a spill in the backyard while by herself.  She pressed the button and was in the middle of communicating with the emergency response staff (in Spanish, as indicated on her profile), when my husband arrived home and took charge of the situation.While they were chatting with her, they were also making phone calls to the contacts listed on her profile.  When they did not find me, they immediately called the school I work at.I recommend 5Star and this device!

I Could Have Died. That's right, I could have died. In March 2014 I had an Acute Stroke found unconscious in my home by my wife 911 to hospital. Since I was within the three (3) hour time period the doctor administered the Tpa which saved my life. As returning home from the long stay in the hospital I was so afraid to be anywhere alone feeling what would happen if I had another stroke. I saw on TV of this 5Star product by John Walsh. I called and they told me 24/7 GPS you will never be alone just a touch of a button. So I bought it and the customer service activated it with me via the phone. I felt so happy and comfort that all i needed  was a touch to a button and I was 911 Immediately. Well I,ve had the device my third week and already three (3) times it failed. I mean exactly what I said the device did not respond to calling it to respond by pushing the button. When I call customer services all three times the biggest dance around B.S. all three times is we don't replace equipment, It must be my error, the surge sometimes causes the device down and call back in an hour it should be working, and today my wife when there technical support tried to reinstate the device it started making a very loud static noise and the device increased heat to touch. The tech told me don't use it for it may cause an injury to me. Finally they said they will exchange it. Get this one folks. Today is Friday 5/02/2014 however know one will call me until Monday 5/05/2014 to advise me that the device will be processed to send me which will arrive in about one week and please send back the defected device to us. My wife told them he could be dead from another stroke without a device for seven (7) days plus. Why won't you send the device to me ASAP overnight, whereas the tech told me sorry we will call you Monday thank you and have a nice day. Folks I am contacting my American Express and request American Express investigate and return my monies back as I cancel 5STAR. If anyone is even thinking about 5STAR and listen to that double crossing phony JOHN WALSH the spokes person YOU PEOPLE WILL ALL GET RIPPED OFF AND POSSIBLE BE FOUND DEAD DUE TO A NONOPERATIVE 5STAR DEVICE. Remember you all be WARNED,

I bought this for my parents, after one of them had a minor stroke and wanted an easy way to contact someone. They really like the ease of use - just press the over-sized button - and the speaker clarity. The 5-Star people were very helpful in explaining the features and setting up alternate phone contacts. Overall, the device and service is an inexpensive, easy way to provide a little peace of mind.

The 5 Star Is Awesome!  Purchased this for one of my 24hr operations as a test site, so far so good.  Easy set up, and the customer service was great.  Nice to have the extra piece of mind that my guys working alone can push a button and get the help they need in an emergency!  Highly Recommend.

The first one worked okay for a while and then got where it would not hold a charge no matter how long I charged it.  It would soon start beeping and flashing a red light. The replacement I was sent arrive without a belt clip.  Also it would not hold a charge at all, so I have returned that one and discontinued the service.  It's a great idea and I see that others have had satisfactory service, but it was unreliable for me.

I tried it out at a distance from home and was amazed at response and the tech told me what town I was in, what street I was on and gave me the name of the cross street.  It is such a safe feeling knowing this item is with me.

I walk my dog and am not house bound....This alert protects when outside the home.  This was the most appeal for me to buy this urgent response as most alerts work only when in the house.

I needed this item because my husband has cancer and sometimes has to be left alone while I work. He is mobile and capable, but has had a fall before and I wanted this to help me with a peace of mind while I am away. This thing is terrible and their customer service is horrible! We activated it and was assured that we were in a good service area, and the device showed full bars for reception. However, through the website and with the downloaded great call link, my husband's location was often shown has much as 40 miles off! The app often alerted me that my husband was &#34;out and about&#34; when the device was plugged in or sitting beside us! I got false movement alerts at all hours of the day and night. Each time I called customer service or tech support, they said they were in the process of software upgrades and things would get better. When I asked about the location discrepancies, I was reassured that if he pressed the device during an emergency, that they would locate him using both gps and cellular pings, not just the device's gps.(which was what was supposed to be causing the location issues.)I finally got tired of the continuing false alerts that he was&#34;out and about&#34; and grew skeptical that it would actually work in an emergency.I have tried to cancel my service 3 times and each time they say they can't transfer me to the department that handles cancellations due to &#34;internal technical issues&#34; that won't let them access any accounts. Their advice is always to call back in 4 hrs.Don't bother with this service! I found only frustration, aggravation, and inadequacy - certainly not peace of mind!

I went through two of these (both started out fine-then failed to connect less than a month later). When I returned the second defective unit, they accused me of getting it wet - I didn't). Nobody in their Customer Service department knew the meaning of the phrase &#34;failure rate&#34;.This is a good idea and an excellent price. This just isn't the product.

This is an excellent device for use as not only an emergency call fob, it has an additional service for non-emergency help. Purchased for our 96 year old mom and she was thrilled with the service provided.

I couldn't press the button due to hand weakness.  Returned to Amazon, no problem.  Otherwise a great product and a great service.

This product advertises that it can be used as a tracking device for kids.  This has to be the worst product ever invented for this purpose.  I can understand using this as a 'medic alert' product for people who want to call 911 but for a tracking and safety device for kids it is absolutely horrible.  There is no app with a Map for tracking.  You have to actually visit a web page.  When you are there you can only track one unit at a time and are forced to open another account with a separate email address to track subsequent devices.  I have 3 kids.  It would take me 15 minutes to get the location of all 3 devices.  If I was using my iPhone, there is no app and would have to use the internet where the map is very small and cumbersome.  Even though my 5 year old was at school, I would watch the device jump across the city in 3 minutes.  Two of the devices would only have a battery life of 12 hours or less even though it is advertised they should last 3 days in standby mode.  Finally, their customer service was extremely rude and unprofessional once they heard that there were complaints.  They continued to tell me that there is nothing wrong with the battery, the tracking service, or the lack of a usable map.  I returned the product 4 days after I purchased them and did not get a refund for my first month's service ($38), activation fees ($90), or return shipping ($12).  It cost me $140 to find out that this was an inferior product with inferior service.

This was purchased for my elderly mother's use. She has had it about a month. From the research we have done there is no other product that can compare, regarding the features provided; not to mention that the monthly fee is about half of all the others we looked into.I am giving it four instead of five stars because of start up issues. The packaging tells you boldly not to power up the device before activation. What it doesn't state is that the act of charging the device powers it up initially, causing a rather long exchange with customer service to get things going properly.The customer service person was very helpful and courteous.This is appears to be a well built device and easy to use.

The Urgent Response is a cell phone with a gps that allows for determining your location by a professional urgent response team or by friends.  So, why not just use a cell phone?1.  Size: easily fits into my watch pocket of my jeans2.  Immediately activated -- just press one button and you are connected to an urgent response team member or hold the button for a few seconds and you are connected to 911;  with either, just state your problem. If you say nothing, the urgent response team will call for help.3.  You are lost, the gps will transmit your location to urgent response team or to friends.  Nice to have when hiking or nice for a young kid to carry with her/him as they walk to school.Pros:1  Immediate use and personal, self locator2.  Use of Verizon data network3.  Size and weight4.  Initial cost and monthly cost5.  Very fast battery charge and when on/standby, very little current draw as battery remains charged for several days -- I charge mine once every 4 days and still do not know its limits.6.  Can be used in non emergency.  I have a flat tire and I do not have a clue where I am at.7.  Very helpful customer service, could not do enough to answer my questions on initial setup.Cons:1.  Slippery, just like an iPod or almost any Apple product  -- placing notches on each round corner would be a plus2.  Non replaceable battery but, the Li battery should last several years.

I first came upon this product while watching Katie Curic TV Show with John Walsh. I have  young neice's[ one who is in grammer school and one off to College in the Fall. Upon the terrible things that have been happening in Public Buildings lately and actually one statement that was made by a survior,, of how they had to wait for the dangerous intruder leave there area, and proceed to reach for a phone to call for help. Another reason there was no time for anyone to use phones for 911 calls as with 5Star alert the GPS can locate instanly in case of danger. One other person I gave a 5Star too, was a School teacher who has little ones in her charge...She was so pleased to receive such a product, and I'm glad I have one too for road traveling late at night. Thanks for the opportunity to share.

Great Call sent me a phone, I used it three times, kept it in a draw when called to cancel, they said they would send me a new phone because the phone would not charge. I sent them the old phone back and was charged for a new phone, They said the phone was water damaged, when I told them it was in the dining room draw for 8 months they said they don't live in my house. Do not deal with these people, this is why the rating is so low!

I was really excited about receiving my 5Star System.  I had a difficult time activating it for where I live, in the mountains.They told me when I talked with the tech that if I have a metal roof, it may not work (which I have) also if you live in a mobilhome it won't work well.So sadly I had to return the item for a refund.It would be great if this information was put into their advertising.

I purchased a 5 Star Responder in Feb. 2013 for my mother who lives alone at age 86. She and all the family were very happy she had it; and soon after she had a minor fall and used it successfully. Months have gone by and she has worn the device faithfully, depending on it and keeping it charged. However on Dec. 19, 2013, she fell and broke her elbow in her garage, pushed the button, heard only the &#34;calling five star&#34; greeting, but no one answered! It was an awful situation. She was heard by a neighbor who came to help. After she got home from surgery I had time to call Five Star and Great call. Finally got the device re-set. Never got a satisfactory answer as to the reason it failed. Now we feel we must test it often to see that it's working. Do be careful, anyone who buys one. When it works it is great. But we are still very,very disappointed and worried about the device's dependability.

This turned out to be everything the 5Star Urgent Response ads claim it is.  I bought it for my 87 yr old mother to give both her and my sister and I peace of mind about her welfare.  It came very quickly and was very easy to activate.  You have to provide quite a bit of information but it is information that someone would need to assist my mother in an emergency.  Once activated, we tried a test by pressing the button on the responder and received an immediate response from their alert center.  They knew exactly who they were speaking to and the voice of the speaker was clearly audible to my mother who is quite deaf.  We were able to go on-line and see exactly where the responder was on a map of the area and it was very accurate.  Since that time, my sister and I have had occasion to check on my mother's whereabouts on a couple of occasions to reassure ourselves that she was OK.  We were able to tell that she was out taking a walk when she didn't answer the phone at the house.  This is much better than the systems that are dependent on the land telephone line and only work in the house.  It is also much less expensive than these systems.  I would strongly recommend the 5Star Urgent Alert to anyone who has an elderly relative who is still fairly active.  It is a great product!!  Thanks much!

It proved its worth just two weeks after I got it! The paratransit service left me stranded in my powerchair on the sidewalk outside my doctor's office until midnight from a 2 o:clock appointment. 5Star stuck with me to the bitter end until the ambulance and lift van and police showed up. First thing, he had me on a conference call with 911, which told us that they didn't have any way to help me. Actually they did, it  turned out, in the end, when they were threatened with getting the TV news cameras out to see me huddled in my power chair, in the dark and cold,You never know what fate has in store for you. alone. In the meantime, he dealt with the paratransit service, which said it was closed and couldn't help me. Actually it turned out that not only did the paratransit company have access to the same 24/7 on duty service that 911 eventually called, it was a subcontractor of theirs. 5Star called every company with lift vans in the whole metropolitan area, he called the person on duty in the housing office where I live, my family members around the country, but with me in my power chair, nobody could just come and get me. And with 5Star, the price is right.

The 5 Star is great!  I purchased it for a nearly-blind friend and she loves it.  Very easy to use, set up/activation online was simple and relatively quick. The GPS feature makes it much more functional than traditional units that require a home phone and only work when you are near your phone. The customer service people are friendly and helpful (we made a test call). I highly recommend this product.

Best thing I ever bought.  I love the GPS feature.  It's a great comfot knowing I can get help when I need it.

I ordered this product and was eager to put it to use.  It arrived on the promised date and I eagerly opened the package.  Inside the package was a printed note saying &#34;This product will not work in the zip code you live in&#34;... or words to that affect.  Why on earth would the item be shipped with such a note?  I got my money back.

I am a senior living alone, I have my greatcall with me at all times, and I have recommended it to all of my senior friends.  Most of them now have it also.

Got this for my mother and wish I'd gotten the Silver one. If you have an elderly loved one who has issues with their vision, consider getting the silver instead of black. It's easier for them to see the little button in the middle in case they need to push it. I'm thinking of putting a red sticky dot on it so she can see it.

Should have a long term replaceable battery as the rechargeable has to be recharged too often and at wrong times.Would rather carry a second battery

This is a great emergency device! First, let me tell you why I think it's better than LifeAlert. First, it's cellular based so works anywhere you can get cell service. LifeAlert is tied to your phone line and is limited in range to a certain radius near the LifeAlert base unit. The monthly service for the device is $14.99 plus tax (I pay a little over $18 per month with taxes). LifeAlert, last I checked, was over $30 per month. The unit is priced around $50. LifeAlert is around $90 last I checked. The device give you two contact options:  1) GreatCall Center Dispatcher 2) Direct to 911. This is really good as sometimes you aren't sure if you need 911 so the trained call center rep can help with basic emergencies or uncertainties. You can set up a profile online and alert others (you have to provide GreatCall with their info) when you use the device. It also has GPS tracking so the dispatchers and/or others you set up can see where you are. I got this because I am wheel chair bound and live alone and have had several falls. However, this is a great device for anyone. I've used it a couple of times and it has been a life-saver! The built in speaker is loud and the microphone is sensitive enough to talk and hear even a good distance from the device. If I had kids I would require them to carry one of these.

Purchased the 5Star device for our elderly father.  He still is active enough to get around, but does not want to deal with a cell phone.  The 5Star gives him and us (his children) some peace of mind should an accident or emergency arise.

I bought this for my son, who is playing with the neighborhood kids outside after school. I don't want to give him a cell phone, so this is a low cost alternative that can give him assistance in case of an emergency, and I can track in real time his location in our neighborhood.

But I love my 5Star.I wear it on a lanyard, around my neck (because I have broken the clips off of pagers and cell phones in the past and do not want to take the chance of losing my 5Star) and from the very moment I put it on I feel safer alone by myself.So far the only time I've pushed the button it was by accident but the fast response I received from the 5Star operator made me feel even more secure.  I check out the GPS function occasionally and have found that the map is VERY accurate....which is important to me because I do not always stay in my house, as other systems require you to do.All in all, I highly recommend 5Star to everyone: children, workers on night shifts, the elderly and anyone who just wants to feel a little safer.

I take this everywhere I go and feel so much  more secure in case of an emergency either mine or someone around me

I just got the 5Star Urgent Response 3/15/2014.  The Support system to set it up was very easy to do on the computer which  I chose to do.  The user guide that comes with it is very easy to understand.  I  got this because I fell in my backyard on stones and there was no one around to help me get up and I did  not have a cell phone in my pocket.  After 3 tries I finally go up off the ground. I don't want this to happen to me again.  I am sure this will make me feel safe anywhere at home and when I travel.The only downside is that it only one opening for the long lanyard neck strap so the responder hangs at an angle instead straight.  Plus if it had opening both sides you could put 2 loops to attach it and it would be stronger.

I love it because it goes with me and if anything happens I can use it as it has GPS so they can find me.  Best invention and very economical.  Much more reasonable than others that are just for around the house.

OK, maybe not everyone. But anyone who might be alone someplace and suddenly need help. I've used the device only once, and that was a test/demo for a friend, but I was impressed by the quick response and the way the operator dealt with my questions; e.g., &#34;Where am I?&#34; I especially like not having to decide, &#34;Do I really need 911?&#34; The op will stay on line while, for example, you walk to your car in a spooky place. It works wherever you can get a Verizon connection. It's not just for the housebound, it's with you all the time wherever you are.

I bought it for my 90 year-old mother. Fortunately, she hasn't had an emergency yet. However, she did accidentally push the call button, and the 5 Star responder answered immediately and verified that she was okay. It sure makes us feel more secure about Mom's safety.

This little thing save life. I was able to call help for my relative who collapsed in the apt. In New York, while I was in Michigan. He had five star and I had the application on my iPhone.talking with service person through that application theyLocated sick person and within few minutes ambulance was there

After reading generally good reviews for 5Star Urgent Response, we ordered for my grandmother.  Amazon had the items shipped quickly as always.Setting up the device was tedious, but not difficult.  The device was up and running within an hour (and the $30 activation fee was paid).  Test call was successful.That was the last of the good things I could say about the device or the company.  After charging the devices for hours on end, the indicator still showed that the device was charging.  Once removing from the charger, the device would lose powere within 2 minutes.  After charging again for 24 hours, same issue.  Returned to Amazon with no problem (as always).After calling 5Star to cancel our subscription and get a refund on the activation fee, we were told we would need to pay a $10 restocking fee.  After telling them Amazon already took the item back, and that it was broken and did not charge properly, the would not relent.  20 minutes after waiting for a supervisor, the customer service rep came back on (no supervisor) and said that the restocking fee could not be waved.Makes you wonder:1.  Why on earth would this company feel the need to &#34;re-stock&#34; a broken device?2.  Why would a restocking fee be charged on activation of a device that never properly worked?Even if we were to order another device, we would never order with this company.  Would you trust your life to a company with horrible customer service?

Brilliant use of technology.  Way better than home based unit.  This works everywhere, and for less!

Have not had to use it yet for an emergency, but I have great expectations.  I chose 5-Star so that I would be covered where ever I go.

I gave one star because the system doesn't let you give no stars.I bought the Great Call 5Star Urgent Response to track my son. This has been a complete waste of time of money.First and foremost - if you're hoping to be able to track anyone with this device, I'll tell you now that it doesn't work. I got this item to track my 5 year old, the GPS maps shows him standing 8 blocks from school IN THE MIDDLE OF THE HIGHWAY! When I called Tech Support, they deferred to the team of engineers and they basically said, based on the triangulation and where the satellite is picking up, that it was "acceptable". REALLY!!!! So if he were to go missing where do you even start looking? It logs him arriving places about 1.5hours after he's gotten there, the iphone app used to work but they've since done an upgrade and since then it's been a mess. For a device that's meant to give you some peace of mind it does nothing but fill you with anxiety because it appears he's wandered off and you have to make sure that it's the GPS that's actually wrong and not that your child has actually wandered off.Their customer service is extremely poor - they are incapable of handling any issues and they don't even know when their service departments are open. After waiting on hold for 12 minutes to get through to customer service, I was on hold an additional 5 minutes waiting to be put through to tech support only for the rep to come on and say tech support wasn't open yet.The app on my iphone to track my device stopped working about 2 weeks ago - every time I've called they've told me they were working on updates and the problem would be resolved shortly. Well it's not. I've been transferred to technical support about 6 times to address the same issue - the same issue has been escalated to "the engineers" 3 times and after another 30 minute session with technical support it still doesn't work.The icing on the cake was the tech support rep saying "it's not really working, I completely understand if you want to disconnect the service but why not give me till tomorrow to see if the engineers get back to me".Not sure America's Most Wanted should still have their name associated with this product.UPDATE: Well, I waited another day, they still can't seem to make it work. They feel that the service I'm getting is acceptable. If you're looking for something that notifies you that your loved one is at the wrong place at the wrong time then this is the device for you. The contacted me today to say that my son had pushed the alert button but they were able to determine that he was safe. When I looked at the map he was 8 blocks from where he was supposed to be, they couldn't give me the name of the adult that came online and told them my son was safe, they couldn't say for certain that he was actually at school and told me to call to the school to verify.If I want to call the school on a regular basis to make sure my son is where he's supposed to be I certainly don't need a Great Call tech to disrupt my day, worry me needlessly to do so.Save yourself the anxiety and trouble. Find another device.
