
The battery lasts very little. The phone is very slow, continuously restarts, if I could return it, but send out of the country and would be very expensive return it was wasted money.

THIS IS THE WORST PURCHASED I HAVE EVER MADE...THIS PHONE HAS PROBLEMS WITH DISK SPACE....MY ADVICE...RUN AWAY,RUN FAR AWAY FROM THIS PHONE!!!!

good call qualitygood keyboardvery responsivegood battery lifeI'd love a larger screen. But it is a great phone for the price range.

I like this phone for the price. But it freezes little. But no phone is prefect. And I suggest you get an sd card that is at least 8 gb

This is a great phone from what I can tell. It does have an older android operating system and maybe too many AT&T; apps on it, but it was made for them. I have only had the phone for a couple of weeks so something could go wrong, but as of right now, great phone.The phone has over 350 reviews over on Ebay, where it has 4 1/2 stars and I just thought that there should at least be one review here.I got the phone for the wifi, because I would rather use that to make and receive my phone calls. Am just tired of paying that phone bill. I got the 32gb card so it holds like 10000 songs and 20000 pics, or 120 hrs of video. The phone does a lot and for me will pay itself off in just a few months.phone, 32 gb card, case, screen protectors, and headphones all for under $140, great value.

excelente producto el vendedor es confiable  la entrega fue rapida y oportuna muchisimas gracias lo califico con la puntuacion positiva

I bought for my wife the Motorola Flipside MB508 cell phone to replace her other cell phone that she had from Trax.  With her new phone she is able to do so much more!  Best of all it is compatible for our business use!  This phone has so many features, and built in apps that her old cell phone looked like a toy!  She got it as an early birthday gift and has been enjoying every minute of it!  It works great with the internet and is super fast and makes me envious that my older cell phone is not as COOL as hers!  It was a great price and it really was so easy to use to take credit cards from our customers!  WE LOVE THIS PHONE!!

To set up this phone, you must set up a Motoblur account. After doing so, it was impossible to log back into the account...kept getting error messages. Contacted Motorola, but they were of no help. Phone shuts off by itself and the battery life is short/does not hold a charge for more than 6-7 hours.  I do not recommend this phone.

This phone has a lot of 'bugs' that needs worked out! touch screen reads fine, good reception on both ends, but it came pre loaded with so much stuff that if you add anything at all to it, it will bog the phone down and you will keep getting not enough memory messages for everything including texts. You cannot delete anything they have on there either! Got this phone for my daughter and she is constantly having troubles with it!  not a terrible phone, but not the best either!

Para todos los interesados no compren este celular al vendedor hp electronics inc. compre 4 celulares todos llegaron con bater&iacute;a gen&eacute;rica bt50, esta bater&iacute;a no es compatible con el celular y no pude usar los celulares, me toco ordenar baterias originales bt61 a 20 dolares cada una para poder usar los celulares. los celulares fueron enviados a Colombia y no justifica hacer una devoluci&oacute;n

For the price, I guess its a good deal but it is good for those who are tech savvy and don't bother about the latest in mobile phone technology(in terms of OS upgrades, memory and processor performance). Overall you will not regret having bought this phone.

The phone is fine for a person who is not looking for the last technology. It came with Android 2.2 that is just fine. It is an unlocked phone so I could brought it to my country Colombia. It has a very nice navigation bottom and the screen  is very nice and has good resolution. I like the qwerty keyboard. In general is a 3 starts phone in comparison to other phones.I don't like  it came with a lot of AT&T; apps and they are usless at all, at least in my case (not using it in USA). You can't delete the apps unless you root your phone. It is also quite difficult to upgrade the android version for this phone. It hasn't been possible for me. There are only 2 things I find very annoying about the phone. First, I can't play videos on Youtube. Second, the memory on the phone is not enough to download more than 3 apps. It always keep saying that the memory is full (internal memory). Considering it was launched in 2010 is a modern phone.

This phone is horrible! It constantly tells me that the memory is full even though I have an empty 8GB memory card in it. Plus all of the built in apps take up all my space. The audio is terrible as well. Its really hard to hear people while speaking on the phone, and the speaker sucks for listening to music. The only thing I like about it is the slide out keyboard

I was hugely impressed with the price and specs on this product and waited quite eagerly for it to arrive only to realize upon using for the first time that the phone was broken. It won't stay on unless it's plugged into the wall charger, and it won't charge when it's plugged in because it says it's fully charged. As frustrating as it was, technical problems do arise sometimes, I contacted customer service only to find that apparently this product is packaged and shipped from Amazon but not sold by Amazon so while they paid for the shipping label to return it, they would not do an exchange and I would be forced to wait up to two weeks for my refund before I could order my replacement phone in which I would pay additional shipping and wait an additional 2 to 5 business days depending on the shipping I chose. Can't say I'm impressed with my right out of the box defective phone, or the customer service I was provided.

I'm satisfied with the productPerfect cost benefit.missed more options languages &#8203;&#8203;(Portuguese).No more.No more.No more.No more.

this phone stopped working 2 months after I got it, the seller refuses any contact at all, have Amazon supposedly working on it,STAY AWAY FROM THIIS COMPANY !!! THESE ARE NO GOOD !!Have sent them 9 messages and HP ELECTRONICS WILL NOT ANSWER YOU !LEAVE THEM ALONE OR PAY THE CONSEQUENCES LIKE  I AM !WARNING !!  WARNING !!  WARNING !!  WARNING !!!  WARNING !!!  WARNING !!!!

If you are looking a new phone, ANdroid and not expensive, for suere this is a very good opction, works good for the price.

Compre este equipo para regalo del d&iacute;a del ni&ntilde;o de mi hija de 9 a&ntilde;os, el tel&eacute;fono supero mis expectativas en relaci&oacute;n al costo - calidad, la resoluci&oacute;n de la pantalla es excelente, posee un gran variedad de opciones, se conecta r&aacute;pidamente al Internet, descarga aplicaciones sin inconvenientes, en especial las de redes sociales, para mi solo le hace falta mas memoria interna y un flash para la c&aacute;mara.

ugh the keyboard stopped working, but what can you expect for a inexspensive phone. it still works just no keyboard.

I am  so happy to was been deal with youthxU very much, the total time sevice was 2 dayWao, I will recommends to every bodies.

I bought 2 and replaced them after 2 months. The battery didn't stay charged very long, I bought a memory card and I was very disappointed with the storage system.  I do not recommend this phone

It is cheap for a smart phone, but you do not even get what you pay for.1. Keyboard is not very responsive and I have to do a lot of backspacing to make corrections.2. Reception is poor. Others using the same network with different phones have a signal when I have nothing.3. Camera takes mediocre pictures and half the videos I shoot are unplayable.4. Battery life is just ridiculous. I use my phone very little and find myself having to charge it after a day and half of idle time. I don't have wireless or gps enabled.5. Back cover comes off too easily.1. Call quality is decent and have not experienced a dropped call.If I were the type of person who was remotely serious about my phone, I would have returned it and spent a little more for a better phone.UPDATE: I wanted to reinforce my opinion on how terrible this phone is. If you take a video that is more than a few (30 seconds?) the file will be corrupt and unplayable and you have to perform a hard reboot to get the camera to work again. HATE THIS PHONE SO MUCH!UPDATE 2: After reinstalling factory settings the standby battery life has GREATLY improved. I did shoot 2 videos in excess of 2 minutes without a problem. Before you yell at me for breaking my phone know that I have not installed a single application and made no alterations whatsoever. It seems this phone came with some glitches in its OS as all these problems occurred right out of the box. I have upgraded my review to 3 stars. IF YOU GET THIS PHONE, THE FIRST THING YOU SHOULD DO IS RESET TO FACTORY DEFAULT BEFORE POPULATING IT WITH APPS AND CONTACTS.

Great for texting. Pictures are pretty mediocre. Sound has a nice quality to it. The trackpad's a nice touch. Can surf the web nicely.

The phone was as expected didnt really have a problem with it. I recommend this to others who would want a phone like this.

I need a qwerty keyboard for texting capabilities.  This phone does the trick.  Nice camera and decent phone call reception.

Phone is great. Received it in 3 days. Brand new, unlocked phone with all the bells and whistles. Exactly as the seller described it. Was able to use it immediately with my T-mobile sim.

This was bought for a preteen. They liked the fact that it was a slider phone. I would recommend it for someone younger who doesn't need a 4g phone.

Great cellphone, I'm using it in central america area and works 3G, the touch is just what I expected.. I had a little problem with the deliver but the seller was so helpfull :D I'm really hapy with my purchase

I love this phone I have no problems with it. its a great phone and I love the keyboard ! great phone!

Internal memory too small and it is preloaded with a lot of ATT and Motorolola apps that you can't remove, so you are left with very Little space to install your own apps

It gets a good signal and all my phone calls are fine.  It wouldn't take any photos until I put an SD Card in it, but now the camera works very well.  I absolutely love the slide-out keyboard for texting and e-mail.  It is much easier to use than the on-screen one.  Using the FM Radio is a pain because it always tries to get you to subscribe to AT&T radio first.  It charges quickly and notifies me when a text or email come in and lets me read them while charging.  The trackpad does work, but it seems to be an unnecessary feature, as there is really no reason to use the thing.  It is much easier to just touch the screen.  My biggest issue with the phone is that there is not much storage area.  It is always telling me I need more space, even when I try to update apps like YouTube, which came pre-installed on the phone. apparently the SD card is not used for any storage except photos or videos.  If you are looking for a basic phone that does its job well, then you will more than likely be happy with this phone.  If you want lots of bells and whistles and apps, then this is NOT the phone for you.

I got this phone for my wife and she is just loving it. the functions are a bit different and quite hidden but she loves it

CAREFULL about price for postalA bit too slow for anyone's standardPrice a rip off Too it's boring! Sorry

This phone is quite unresponsive, and the internet is ridiculously slow. I have the T-mobile 5g broadband, but i can't even work google maps properly when on the go. Other phones using this plan works fine, so its the phone.

I bought this as a gift for my neice and she really loves it.  Like most kids, she is a ferocious texter and she loves how quickly she can text on this phone.

I would of given this phone a 5 star rating but what made it downgraded to 4 was the fact that it prompts you to create an account whether you want to or not. The phone has GPS features that do NOT use data from your phone plan, another positive feature is it can be used as a wifi only phone so you can still surf the internet or download games and not go broke with data charges. Battery usage is commonly short among all wifi phones so it would be pointless to rate battery life while surfing the internet but this phone will allow you to turn the wifi off and get pretty good battery life as a regular phone. It runs the android OS which I find to be more user friendly then the other OS out there, especially if you ever try to download free ringtones and actually want to use them (if you ever try that with an apple phone and no itune account then you know what I mean). Memory is small, best upgrade to this phone would be the AT&T Radiant phone.

The screen is small and it is very slow at times.  Good phone but not so good for fb or twitter.  It locks up alot and i have to restart it.

Unfortunately this item was not received so I was not able to see if it was a good product or not.

So my husband and I purchased this phone for use with WalMart Family Mobile which is through TMobile. Received the item VERY quickly, which was nice.The phone was in brand new packaging, and in GREAT condition. However, we purchased the SIM card, put it in and started the phone- it asked for the SIM network unlock code. This phone should NOT have been listed under the unlocked phones section.

second one, drop my first one after about 5 years, so happy to find the same model, however, there seems to be a lag when using the keyboard, I will be 2 r 3 letters ahead of whats on the screen.  don't remember that with the old one. The new one does seem to have a bigger dictionary than the old one, maybe the more choices slows done the process.

When i ordered this phone it was supposed to be new, but when i got it, the screen has glitches when i try and do anything on it for more than 10 minutes at a time and it wont recieve texts when they come in because the memory life on it is horrible. The battery life is okay, camera is decent and the phone works, but i'm not happy with it. I might would recommend it if the screen didnt glitch.

I got this phone somewhere in Dec 2012- Jan 2013 and within 2 months phone started with lots of problem. Unfortunately i'm out of United states for some months so couldn't return the phone on time. Android on this phone hangs, you cannot receive any incoming calls, you cannot open any application properly. Automatically all applications opens 100.. of times and you don't have any control over the phone.It was my bad luck that i bought this phone from this seller. I went to motorola gallery and they refuse to fix the problem with this phone.I'm having very tough time with this phone and now i cannot even return this phone to seller as their return policy timeline is passed.I have hardly used this phone. I would not recommend any one to buy such phone.

Unfortunately  if you buy to use in the Philippines it goes from 3G to 0G meaning a very slow phone. Used with smart mobile there and the store said no matter what sim card I use would be the same. Other than that this phone has fantastic battery life. Also note you need to insert a SIM card in it to set up. After that will work on WIFI also.

Drops calls, drops texts. Grrrrr! This phone makes me crazy. Worst phone I've ever had. Even makes up different numbers then the ones in my addresses. So weird!

The phone came without the battery..I live in Jamaica...i cannot find replacement battery in Jamaica so now i have to buy a bettery online and hope it works.

It didn't work for long, first, I have truble hearing so I have to use the speker, and then the text did not work well.After a few months the cell stop working.

if you can deal with the sloooooooowwwww speed. this is a super phone.  it did everything I wanted it to do just slowlyI miss the slide out keyboard a lot. a great phone for your mom and dad or the lil ones. just knot what the high tech guru is lookin for.

I bought this phone to use for straight talk, and it works great! only thing I don't like is the battery life and the phone didnt come with a micro SD card and memory is horrible. but besides that, it has been working great! I had to partition the 16 gb SD card I bought, so I could link apps to it, and it helped alot. Taskiller also saves the battery. I use to have to carry my charger to work for only 8 hours and would have to charge it 3 times. but now it lasts a full day even when calling people and messing around with apps! Android came as 2.2 instead of 2.1 so that was a plus. Overall, this phone is really easy to understand and has been great!! I would totally recommend!

I've had the phone for 3 months and it stopped working. Don't waste your money on this phone, you will regret it...

I like the phone alot fits my hand perfectly id reccomend it to anyone. Beats my previous cell phone.am really satisfied

The Motoblur thing was annoying so I went on Youtube and found a video on how to bypass it. I needed a new unlocked phone to replace a Samsung Galaxy phone I had. This was $109 and performs beautifully. Very happy with it. It arrived in a sealed box right on time. Very happy with the phone. I like the dedicated keyboard, it lights up, looks good and has a solid feel when typing and texting. Battery could be a little better but it's o.k. for what I need.

Old and slow phone. Can't even use for 1 and an half hour! Not recommended and this one charge me an additional $60 dollar for whatever plan it has.
