
Great phone my brother and I both use these phones.Pros:Great phone for the moneyVery durable with silicone sleeve protection (bought separately)never had a problem with the phone in 2 yearsnot to big and not to smallkeyboard works great even for large fingers like minedual sim allows one phone for work sim and personal sim without the need to carry two phonesPhone works anywhere in the world (Places I have used it - Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, India, China, Brazil, Suriname, Italy, Germany, France, Russia, Japan, USA)Cons:Hold button in bad place on screen (with my head I sometimes place people on hold accidentally with my cheek)

It is a good phone with all that you need. It is very useful in order to keep informed about almost everithing

I like this phone very much. Being able to switch from one sim card to another just by touching a couple of buttons is great. I travel quite a bit between Colombia and the U.S. and before, I had to open my previous phone, remove the battery and card to replace it with the other. Not that much of a pain in the neck except that messages would be erased, etc. Now I have both cards in my phone and it works perfect. It also allows for a micro SD card which I also consider very convenient. Besides, there are many other features that so far I haven't used, but really, great phone for the price. No complaints.

The charging port did not work after a week of usage. Other than that, the phone was okay to use.

This phone for around $150 does all you need with two sim card capacity. It isn't a top phone for $500 - $700 but it does all I need and more, it's a phone not bling. Factory unlocked just a work horse of a phone. You have no worries about it because you paid so little. You don't have to commit to an expensive multi-year contract, just buy what you need. I purchased one for myself, my wife then wanted one for herself. She just loves hers. We have had no problems with them. Somebody complained about not receiving the 2 GB memory card. Well I received one my wife did not. The thing is we bought 32 GB memory cards because the 2 GB was too small and memory cards now are not expensive. Great phone for travel and use of two sim cards in the phone.Thank You

I purchased this phone for international travel as it can accommodate two SIM cards. The order and delivery process from Amazon was flawless. But the phone itself has an inherent problem in that it comes with a lot of (in my mind &#34;junk&#34;) software from Google and Samsung that cannot be removed. The result in my case was that after downloading two additional Apps (What's App and Facebook) the phone essentially became useless as I kept getting notifications that my memory was full and e-mails could not be downloaded. FYI:  I did buy a 32 GB SD card and installed it, but most applications need to run on the phone itself so it has become unclear to me what the purpose of this SD card may be, aside from maybe video clips etc. Eventully I removed these applications again and now have a few MB that allow for e-mail downloads (forget about opening attachments).I now limp along using this phone, but probably will end up buying another phone that can accommodate SIM cards that has much better memory capacity.Maybe this issue is related to the fact that it is an older phone type and as such has poor memory capacity that is no longer compatible with modern Apps that require a lot more memory. If that is the case, it should not be sold anymore. But of course there may be quantities of this phone sitting in inventory somewhere and Amazon can unload them by offering it cheaply (I paid about $100  -  would have gladly paid more if it only worked better).

I bought this phone primarily for our upcoming European trip, but I have been able to use it in the US as well. After the  phone arrived, I purchased a &#34;global&#34; SIM card from National Geographic, and after testing the phone by making calls to our land line and other cell phones,  I discovered that it also sends and receives calls in the US.....it shows T-Mobile in the &#34;provider&#34;, but being &#34;unlocked&#34; will work anywhere.  I plan on getting a 2nd. SIM card that will fit my other needs.It's a great little phone that will fit in your pocket,  and so far, with quite a few possibilities, such as mini-SD card to 32GB. Btw...the manual does not tell you where the slot is, but it's inside, next to the battery.

I am frustrated. I got the cell but it didn't work properly. I tested in many ways and different SIM cards. It was a wast of my time contacting Samsung and At&t; and the seller.I already returned it. If you need this cell phone go to a store or buy from someone else.

It`s a good phone for the price, it not work very well whit the two sims card, bud it`s all right...

I liked the product and the the service by the provider. The only though screen resolution is not that good but I guess at this price that is what I can get :-)....There are some issues with it identifying my local wi fi but not sure what the issue is .. so wont blame the phone for now .

This phone's main job seems to be to drop my phone calls. Furthermore only one SIM card works at any time. The clarity on the screen is terrible and trying to search contacts is very cumbersome.

First smart phone..Very limited internal storage..Thats fine because I put in a 32 Gig SD card..However when I try to download apps a frequent message of insufficient storage appears..I contacted tech support but they told me they cannot help me because it is not a US product.  Makes no sense because its all Samsung wherever you are..Said it was a phone from India and guided me to another Samsung site..However there is no tech support at a normal time here its based on the India time zone.  What a Jip! Other than that issue its a pretty decent phone for the price..So two stars only..

The sim card transferred my T-Mobile prepaid account to the new phone.  The only thing that didn't transfer were my personal contact list, which I had to enter manually.  The battery life is excellent,  the call quality is very good.  I am not involved in the potential complexity of smart phone life. The 8 gig mini flash card works well. Happy.Larry

My grand daughter has been using this phone since I bought .. maybe two years now. It is a good piece.

so far it is working for me as it was describe just that its battery sometimes goes off soo quick need to improve its battery life span apart from that it works perfect for me I will recommend for a friend .I have bought another one for my wife

great phone if you are on two network, the android technology gives you the edge for the dual sim phone. excellent.

I have not had any major problems with it.  Sometimes it freezes for a second, but it's fine after that.

The resolution of the phone is poor , also It is supposed to be unlocked but when I placed my GSM chip in it could not rcognize It.

Nice package and some loaded apns. Two major issues- the quality of the camera is VERY low. It does not have a flash. Better to spend a little more and get a better camera with  a flash- if those are important.It has a voice recorder appn. that comes with it. The quality of the voice is VERY VERY low- so bad the application is unusable.However, for a dual SIM phone, it worked right out of the box (almost -with the usual amount of tinkering) and, with the exception of the two items above, is as advertised.

I was able to set up the phone rather easily, in spite of the minimal instructions. I have a T-Mobile SIM with unlimited talk, text, and data in slot 1, and a T-Mobile prepaid SIM in slot 2. I have a mobile business that covers two telephone area codes, and I used to carry two phones. Now I only need one phone for both numbers.An additional reason for getting the new phone was to get an Android phone that I could set up a Square credit card account on. The Square card reader works great. Customers can sign the transaction right on the touch screen, and get a receipt by email. I love it, as this should enhance my business, while simplifying my life.The phone came with an adapter to plug European/Asian charger cords into US style outlets, but the charger itself was correct for US outlets.I just wish more instructional info came with the phone.Update 7/11/12: This phone has much better reception than my Blackberry. Today I was in an area where my Blackberry would never find any service, yet this phone was receiving emails and a phone call. Battery life is excellent. I could probably go a full two days with this, while my Blackberry was lucky to last a day.I get a little frustrated with it at times, as many times when I swipe the screen to unlock it, different apps will open, depending on where I swipe.I totally impressed a customer with it yesterday, as I used it to swipe her credit card and immediately email a receipt to her.I do wish it would have a flash for the camera, as I often take photos of customer items.Overall, I am happy with it.Update 7/30/12 - Yesterday when I turned the phone on, it could not read the SD card, and asked if I wanted to reformat it. I waited until I got home, and my laptop could not read the SD card either. My laptop would not reformat the SD card, but the phone would. I loaded most of my stuff back onto the SD card, and it has been fine today.However, in trying to use the Navigation app today, it kept asking me to install the voice speech synthesizer, even while it was telling me directions! I am loading it now, and it is being installed on my SD card. So even though speech is installed on the phone, it wants another version on the SD card, and maybe I lost that when the SD card crashed. Now that the install is done, the Navigation app is happy.

The phone itself is good, but there were many problems. First,the initial setup was difficult, because the phone was configured to run in Polish, which uses a different alphabet.  Second, the charger didn't work and I had to buy another one.  Third, I didn't receive an ear piece with the phone.  Fourth, when I tried ear pieces, none worked, including a factory samsung head set.  So, it wasn't worth it.

The phone is of good quality. The one thing I don't like about it is the lack of space in the internal memory. A few apps after the unboxing and there is no more room for a system update. Through programs, downloadable from the internet, you can partition the SD card to use it as internal space to store things. However, it is work I'm not willing to do! The second thing I don't like is the battery life. At the beginning, it wouldn't go for more than 9 hours. It has been giving me less than that lately. But when using 3G, it can last even less. I assume the battery came deffective.

This dual sim exceeded my expectations for most of its capabilities. I already own a galaxy tab and it's very much the same android technology with a neat pull down option for switching easily from making calls on one sim or the other. It is indeed a smart phone with most of the capabilities of any android phone. The only thing is the fact that contacts don't have the option for multiple numbers to be stored with email contact data if stored on sim but when adding new contacts on the phone the option is available for multiple contact data. The keypad tends to pick up the full stop alot but I guess it takes getting used to. Love the fact that I can speak my text into my messages. Don't really miss my iphone that much any more since it broke.

Got this after I dumped MetroPCS service ( no coverage at the house and no help from Metro). Went with Consumer Cellular because they piggyback onto the ATT system but no conteact. They sent me a SIM, I threw it in and it worked right off. The only thing that's annoying is that the screen is VERY sensitive. If you hover above a button too long, it'll activate it. Otherwise, great performance, good price.

This phone is awesome, I will recommend it to anyone,  It is easy to use and fits right in your pocket.

This is my first foray into the world of cell phones that can do as much as one would like. I have used an old flip phone for years because my wife insisted that I have one.The Samsung is an obvious upgrade. It came without a manual but I found an electronic one with minimal googling. I now make phone calls, text, and check my e-mail on it. I am tempted to buy a memory chip so I can translate and use the map feature. This phone is helpful for the reluctant owner who must text and make calls on the run.

I purchase this phone for a trip oversea this summer, so I haven't had a chance to use it. I charged and put my American sim card on it when it come and it is working fine then but I will use it this summer, after that  I will have a valuable update for my review. For now I am happy with the purchase the phone seems match the price, the seller seems to be reliable too. Also I will be using 2 sim cards on it oversea so I will see how it really workout.UPDATE ON MY REVIEWAfter using this phone for two months overseas during the summer, I have good and bad time on the phone.Over all the phone work fine for its price and it is friendly use really for someone not too picky on gadgets.I hated the phone because the only reason why I purchase the phone is because it is suppose to be TWO SIM CARD.The second sim card DOES NOT WORK AT ALL. It can't read the sim card no matter what you do it is just not working at all, You can receive a call from the number that on the slot that is not working but you cant make a phone call from that number, its was really annoying so much. It missed its purpose of two sim cards.If the reason you are planning to purchase this phone is because of its two sim cards then DO NOT BUY IT, you will fill sorry for not listening to me, it was so annoying to have keep opening the phone to change from one slot to other, depending on which carrier you want to use which was important for me for the country I was visiting.The phone itself is fine but it didn't serve me for what I purchased it in the first place.

samsung Smartphone is really cool especially the dual sim feature. The only thing is that the power button takes a while to press for it to start the phone. But nevertheless I love it, very sleek and lighweight. Sound is great and the picture resolution.

I received this phone one day after I had ordered it.  I opened the box.  I started playing with the phone.  I could not put it down.  The screen is not like an IPhone; however, I did not pay for an IPhone.  This android was sweet.  The dual sim card worked incredibly well.  Foubaby is very pleased with his toy.  Foubaby is also spending money that he does not have (this Amazon is quite addictive).

The phone met my expectations and more. It was certainly what I wanted and brought extras besides that I like so much

Very good buy. Delived fast. Item is excellent. The factions work well. I will recommend my friends to buy this.

it is not easy to use. power off function is not working sometime for no reasons. There was no way to switch it off unless open the cover and took off the battery. Also had battery issue, some time only last for about few hrs, other day may last for day. hated the text keyboard. The only thing I like about it is the sym text input, that is about it. Dont waste money and time on this phone.

Great phone. Use it for international travel for work. Last used in South Africa with a vodacom sim card. worked great.

This phone is a joke.....I have to purchase a micro sim card just to get the camera to work...Very unhappy..wish I never ordered it...

Not what we expected really don't care for the phone wouldn't advise anyone to buy this phone. And the add didn't say it was a mini

You pay what you get, great for a dual sim unlocked phone BUT must use with a ear-piece.  Super when use in blue tooth.Pro: Good overall quality for the price, setup friendly, make sure change the language according to the extra instruction slip.Con:-Keyboard too small, screen too sensitive. My face activate the "HOLD" button, call up the "Key Pad" and other hot buttons, when I hold the phone and talk.-Drop calls if I hold the phone and talk (internal antenna problem like the iPhone??).  It works wonderful if I use blue tooth or ear piece.-No indication if a 2nd call or text comes in (no matter whether from the 1st or 2nd sim) when I am using the phone.

Very nice, it is a lilttle slow in some cases, and the battery does not last too much, like all smartphones because of the applications I think, but it is nice.

I bought this phone for my wife, but this phone have a critical issue since it is a smartphone. The internal memory is very little... a lot of applications can't be transferred to external memory (sd card) so every time the phone show a message with low memory and the messages can't be delivered to her phone.

Cel phone works pretty good. It is very nice and very useful.  Lots of funtions for the price.  In the description, the seller states that a free 2gb memory card wil be included and it was not true. Cel phone came with no memory card

Very good team, responds very well so far with the two operators, Movilnet and Movistar here in Venezuela. Excellent phone.

Nice phone for the price, but has the annoying habit of blanking the screen when you need to input numbers to retrieve your emails, and then you have to pop out the battery to shut it off.  If it wasn't for this glitch,I would rate it higher.

The phone is not what I expected, dual sims does not work, I live in Jamaica, only one sim work the other does not work, only 1 gsm therefore I can only use one SIM card I need a phone that both sims work on gsm

The refubished Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 Android Dual Sim Quadband Unlocked was not in working order.  I returned it for a refund.

Exelent phone it meets all the requirements that I needed for the phone.I recommended this phone to my friends because of the great price and quality

I had the older version !And in a few things it was a step back !Not sure if I will keep the cell phone or not !

I bought this phone to take with me to Europe.  It arrived in a package as advertised but the problems started soon after charging it and placing the SIM card in it.  First, the navigation between pages would not work every time.  The touch screen would go dead (not responding) and had to be turned off and back on again.  Then it would lose connection to the network, completely out of the blue, even with places of maximum signal.  I had to again turn it off and on again to get it going.  Then I could not receive any calls; the &#34;pick up&#34; icon would not respond to touches or tapping.  As a result my wife tacked 80 bucks on our home phone bill trying to get a hold of me in Europe (while the phone would either not ring and let it go to the voice mail or rang but I could not answer).I do not believe this is an original Samsung phone. Needless to say, it is going back.

I bought this dual sim Galaxy Y Duos ($178) after using the single sim SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360 ($125) for a couple of weeks.Pros:- Dual sim works flawlessly. Both sims are always on and the Samsung software to manage the sim cards is very easy to master.  By pulling down the top curtain you can easily switch which sim is the primarily and thereby choose which sim to call/text from. Also, from the sim setting you can quickly decide which sim should be used for data or turn off the data completely. The dual-sim phone is excellent for frequent travelers that need to handle multiple sims cards without the burden of multiple phones. Also works well for those that want to separate work and private lines without having to carry two phones.- Android 2.3 Gingerbread (have not heard of any update to ICS 4.x)- Full functioning Google play market for apps.- SD slot that takes up to 32 gb (I am using it with 8gb)- Wifi and bluetooth- Tethering and Wi-Fi hotstpot- Very good battery life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use.Neutral: (Updated 11/17/2012)- Okay specs for a budget dual sim phone. Has 832MHz CPU and 3.15MP Camera- Okay screen resolution 320 x 480 Pixels. Screen is responsive to scrolling.- Good call quality.- Adobe Flash - had to sideload flash on mine but recent phones now reporting flash support)Cons:- Screen size is 3.14 ins which is a bit small. (I think the barest minimum for a smartphone should be 3.5 inch in order to browse and read easily)- No front-facing camera for video conferencing- No camera flash- No WiFi Direct.Overall, a delightful entry dual sim android phone by a reputable company for under $200. This is definitely a much better phone than the single sim SAMSUNG Y GALAXY S-5360. If there may be the slightest reason to use a dual sim then I would suggest you invest in this one over the single sim galaxy y.

Basic conclusions for the three phones discussed below, as well as some travel tips:Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 ($129)- nicest screen and camera, has dual SIMs.  If you need dual SIMs, this is by far the best phone for the money that I found.  The charger handles both US and European voltages for charging, but it only came with US plug, so need a European plug adaptor (should be $5 or less).LG LG P350 Optimus Me ($89)- Basic, reliable phone. about 1/3 cheaper than the Sony and Samsung models I looked at.  The LG phone was the only one that came with an adaptor for both US and European (not UK) electrical outlets.Samsung Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 ($127)- No reason to buy this phone.  Similarly priced Sony phone was superior in every way. The charger handles both US and European voltages for charging, but it only came with US plug, so need a European plug adaptor (should be $5 or less).In a nutshell, these are small form factor smart phones (think palm of your hand) that use old (but inexpensive) technology to deliver very basic smartphone performance (not good for games). The main upside for the Sony phone turned out to be better screen resolution and brightness and a better camera than similar price/size phones.  The other advantage is that it is sold directly by Amazon, which means more reliable shipping times and very little chance of getting a knock-off, or used or refurb phone that wasn't properly disclosed.I purchased three different "smart phones" for a recent family trip to France (Paris and Nice, and some side trips), and I will compare them here.  They were the Sony Xperia Tipo Dual-SIM ST21A2 Phone (about $129), a Samsung Galaxy Y Duos S6102 ($127), and LG P350 Optimus Me ($89).All are unlocked GSM quad band phones, which is what you need for pre-paid service in Europe (LTE smart phones are still expensive, so not part of this discussion).  For a tourist, pre-paid service is the cheapest route, and you don't get any unexpected charges.  Using your US phone with an "international" plan is really expensive in my experience, especially for data.I wanted basic smartphone functionality, which included wifi, GPS, email, texting, and voice.  Didn't really care about the camera and wasn't willing to pay up for a phone to play games on (can use your US phone with Wifi for that anyway).  I have looked at the cheaper voice only or legacy feature phones, but they aren't that inexpensive (usually $30-$50) and seem to have reliability issues for the really cheap ones. Plus, if you think about how you are likely use a phone in a foreign country, being able to pull up a maps screen and pinpoint your location and find nearby food, medical, etc is a huge benefit. Also, for texting I wanted a keyboard, not a legacy phone keypad.All three phones performed their tasks reliably and competently.  The GPS is especially helpful when you are overseas and don't speak the langauge.  The GPS also efficiently integrated with Google Maps on all three phones, which meant I could use the full Google search engine to find restaurants or store places (useful if you switch phones and log in under your Google ID).One difference among the three phones was that the Sony and Samsung were dual SIM, while the LG was single SIM.  The SIM card is what lets you use a particular carrier's service and provides your phone's phone number, etc.  Having dual sim cards would let you switch between carriers without opening your phone, removing the battery, and also keeps you from losing the other sim card when you aren't using it.  I just used one sim card per phone on this trip, but if you were driving though different countries in Europe or wanted a separate data provider, you might want to have dual sim cards.If I didn't need dual SIM cards, I would just go with the LG phone b/c it had all the functionality I needed at the lowest cost.  The Sony phone is much nicer, though.  The Samsung phone was basically identical to the LG phone in terms of functionality, but it had an extra SIM slot.Also, battery life was great on all three phones.  When out and about, I typically turn WiFi off so the phone doesn't waste battery looking for wifi, so this helps.  But I run GPS pretty much the whole day.  I also set the screen to turn off on the shortest possible interval.  Doing this I got about two days of use (a lot of texting, emailing, moderate maps use, not a lot of voice usage) out of a single charge.  If you use a tone of battery, all three phones have a removable battery, so you could order an extra and keep it with you, but I don't see that as a huge problem.A note on signing up for service:I did try ordering a SIM from Orange from Amazon before I left.  This was a waste of time and much more expensive than doing it in France at an Orange store (I know b/c I went to the Orange store in Paris).  The Amazon SIM was $29.99 and included about five Euro of benefit- i.e. you are paying $25 for the physical SIM card, and then you have to go online and sign up for a calling plan.If you visit one of the many Orange (or another carrier's) stores in France, here is what I paid- For twenty Euro I got a SIM card with unlimited voice and texting for the month plus 150 mb of data and a five Euro credit.  I also paid ten Euro for an extra 500mb of data.  So for 30 Euro, I got unlimited voice and texting, plus a five Euro credit and 650mb of data during my stay.Also, rate for using your cell to call to the US was 0.09 Euro cents per minute, so the five Euro credit gave you almost an hour of calling back to the states.  The phone data plans do not allow you to use cellular data for skype, but you can use wifi to skype.To recap- buying a SIM card in the US- $29 and you get only a five Euro credit.buying the SIM card in France- 30 Euro and you get a five Euro credit plus unlimited voice, texting, and 650mb of data.If you must have a working phone when you land, you should order the SIM in the US and get it set up before you leave, but if you can wait until you check in to your hotel and then go to the Orange store it is a much better deal.  Also, I never found any SIM vending machines at the Paris airport (CDG), though I see them all the time at Heathrow.One more note- if you use an android phone, when you set it up, make sure you disable automatic and background refreshes (unless you really want them :-)  I went through 500mb of data in two weeks because of Android refreshes, and that was with WiFi on in my condo (I do self catering lodging in Europe).If you visit the Orange store in France, make sure you walk through the process of how to "refill" your phone's plan in case you need to buy data.  You basically enter #123 on the phone, then follow some menus in French and enter your code.  But there are no English menus, so if you want to be self-sufficient, get them to show you at the store.

I just bought this phone and the "Product Description" says "2 GB memory card bundled as free" but that microSD card didn't come with the phone.However, The Phone is great! I even have also the Galaxy Y (GT-S5360) and these phones are good!Greetings from Venezuela!

this phone works fine as I travel often and have to swap sim cards I can now keep my main sim roaming and use the other for local calls

The dual SIM feature works great! The screen size is little bit narrow, but I paid only $110. I don't complain about it.

I've  found this phone nice and good priced. Good functionality and it's very important for me that it has 2 SIM card slots. The only complaint is about its internal memory.

In general I'm happy with this phone, especially with the security features that prevent people from using it if I lose it. However, I was very disappointed to learn that without a memory card, I can't use the camera or music and image gallery features. My last phone was a Nokia Xpress Music 5800, which didn't need a memory card, so, unlike one reviewer said, not all smartphones require memory cards.I do find it easy to use; I haven't had to look up directions for anything so far. However, I did need to ask another Samsung user to help me figure out how to delete messages. (By the way, I don't like that I have to press six times to delete one message!) I also miss all the sound wav options for call and message alerts, plus alarms that my Nokia had. But compared to the cheap Tecno phone I was lent after losing my Nokia, this phone is great. I have to remember it's all relative.The Korean-made phone has four language options: English, Spanish, Portuguese, and Korean. You can choose different keyboard arrangements for texting, which they _call_ French and Spanish, for example, but other than changing to AZERTY layout for French, I see no difference. Which means accented letters are not available when typing. Very frustrating when you're in non-English-speaking countries.

The phone works fine but I should have checked specficiations more carefully before purchasing. The screen looks grainy and built-in memory filled up after installing just a handful of apps. Apparently Samsung doesn't support this model anymore - the unit reported that pre-installed Samsung apps were out of date but an attempt to update them produced an error. The unit came with a 2GB microSD card and it works fine but I ran into a strange compatibility issue with a SanDisk 32GB microSD card that works fine in a Motorola Droid 2.

I travel to Asia frequently for work and wanted to have a phone to separate work/home. I have been reading a lot of reviews on several phones and I decided on this one due to price and reliability concerns. I could not be happier with this phone! In fact, I am so happy with this phone I'm looking to replace my regular home phone with another Samsung product.The phone is nice and small, very easy to use.When I first got the phone the instructions were only in Spanish (no worries, the manuals are online on Samsung's site). I did have an issue that the phone would not full turn off. I only had to do one factory reset in the first week and so far it's been working like a charm. The screen can be a little too sensitive, but you can work around that. Now I like my phones nice and simple, I don't do as much as other people (watch movies, listen to music, etc). For those people this phone might be too basic for those who want the kitchen sink.I look forward to using this again on my trip to Germany and feel confident that it will still work like a charm. So far, I'm extremely happy with my purchase.UPDATE 3/31/14 :-note the phone worked perfectly on my Germany tripI've had this phone for some time and it's still going strong. I just wanted to give an update on this phone.I originally bought this phone only for business/vacations and ended up using as my main phone.1) SD cards crash on this phone frequently. I bought cheap SDs, expensive SDs, SDs of this class, SD of that class, etc. It seems to happen regularly, just be prepared.2) Memory for the phone is limiting. Even with an expanded SD card, I've had to go through the phone every once and a while and dump a lot of stuff just to receive text messages. It always seems to happen when you don't have time to do all of the cleaning out!3) This is on an old operating system, so it's a tad slow. I've been using it as my every day phone and I'm going to have to upgrade this year. My lifestyle has changed and I need a phone with more bells and whistles now. It's still a good phone if you want something simple. As the price drops more this would be the perfect phone for a group/family trip where you need to keep in touch with members of your group regularly.4) Not having flash or auto focus on the camera bites. I didn't think it would matter to me, but it does now.I'm still leaving my review at 5 stars being that the phone still lives up to my expectations, even with it's quirks.

I love my new phone. Its not too big, not too small. It has all android features and never disappointments me not being able to find a feature I am looking for - its all there. Only thing is that i wish there was secondary camera

Great Phone all around just the camera is okay, but overall this phone is definitely worth it. It's functional, the apps are awesome, and it's a great phone.

As expected being a Samsung telephone, it is nice, neat and at the same time handles two SIM chips....the only bad thing in it is the screen that does not seem to be very "touchy"...it takes some microseconds to respond to a touch on it...apart of thata we knew what we were buying...I still recommend it though....

Works well with my UK sim card...sometimes  hard to get to settings to change to global, but I got there.  Great pocket size. Same system as my US Galaxy S3 so I didn't have to learn it all over again.

Bought this phone for my dad.  He has trouble with the back button.  The phone is not of the greatest quality but does quite a bit for a cheaper smart phone.

An attractive cell phone. The numbers and letters in the display are of a good sizethat they can be read easily.Disappointed in the fact the device seems to be recognising only one sim and not the otherin the Sim 2 slot. I have tried various things so I' m not sure if the issue is the sim slot,( I don't think its the sim card. when i switched the sim cards then the phone still continued to acknowledge only the card in the Sim 1 slot.I haven't given up and intend to try a few other things but it is quite disappointing to have a device not workingproperly when it is newly out of  the box.

I got this phone thinking to replace my aging DroidX.  A little disappointed by the small screen, but felt I could live with that.  After I installed a few (JUST A FEW) of my most commonly used applications, I was in for a shock.I had installed one game, an app to access my bank, a flashlight app, and Google's own navigation when I began getting notifications that system memory was too low.  What?  I had installed a 16 gig memory card when I bought this thing, how could I possibly be out of memory?Here's how.  This phone only comes with 1086 (1 meg) of its own internal memory and the BLOATWARE (lots of Google apps and other things) that comes with it eats up most of that.  The apps that you download, whether they are installed on a memory card or not, will need to eat into that system memory to run their own processes at times.  Before you know it, you will receive regular, irritating beeps telling you that the phone is out of memory and unable to even receive text messages for you...you have to uninstall some apps to make room.Here's the kicker:  You CAN'T uninstall any of the (useless) apps that come with the phone.  Not without rooting it, and I'm not in the mood for that.  This phone is getting sent back to Amazon today, and I'm doing better research for a phone that comes with more internal memory.STAY AWAY IF YOU WANT A PHONE TO USE ANY APPS ON!!

This phone was a gift for my wife, she is happy and excited with the features and applications of this phone, is more than I expected.

It is one of best combination of dual simThis phone combines few important abilities that makes it goodIt has 2 sims so one can use 2 lines in one phoneIt has Android that gives you all the needed apps like whatsapp, skype and many many moreit the the right size and weight for a man - not to big - to put in the front pocket - vs. bigger and more expensive phonesHowever, its CPU is rather slow so do not expect to surf the web except minor useits camera is very basic so taking photos is not at high qualityAll in all - a very good phone (actualy 2 phones in one body) for less than 150 dollargood value for the money

the galaxy is a nice phone, setting the correct language was challenging(it arrived in other than english) alot of set up time prior to being able to use the phone, once i got through this the phone is fine. and we'll just have to wait and see if i have further reviews

I actually bought this as a gift for someone. First I received it with no earpiece,  the volume is very low, and you can't here the phone ring at all unless the phone is faced down. Very small prints can hardly see the text. Poorly made phone.

es un tel&eacute;fono muy bueno puedo usar en las dos lineas telef&oacute;nicas, y disfrutar para ambas las aplicaciones samsung, le introduje una tarjeta de 16. y funciona muy bien

I bought 3 of these for our family in October of 2012.  Since then 2 have died because of humidity.  I bought one replacement, its still working, but I won't buy any more.  One was in my pants pocket on a humid Summer afternoon. I went into a restaurant began to use it and it went into a constant boot mode.  Odin boot software, etc., nothing would save it.  The second one, my daughter put it in a pocket of her bag and had a wet swimming towel in another part of the bag. Left it in the car so it wouldn't get wet at Six Flags.  It died from the humidity.  The screen began to go white, and within a week the entire screen was white making it unusable.  No US warranty, so that's that.  Considering  target market for these is India, I would think they won't last long there either.

Love it. It is easy to understand and I love the fact it has GPS tracking and I can link it to other Samsung devises. The screen is clear and the phone works really well with two sim cards,  which are easy to change over with a swipe of the hand..

This smart phone is just great, simple, light and never fails!I love the dual SIM card that allows me to call in between to different companies.

The phone was a gift and did not work as stated. It Was returned and replaced with a T Mobil phone

Bought it as a gift to a friend living abroad. The friens says it is working very well in a GSM network.

small and easy to put in pocket. con: very low memory. but can be rooted to put everything on sd card. everything else is mid-high quality as usual with samsung

I chose this rathing by that covered my forecasts .do not dislike nothing all well .what recommend to all my friends.Thanks.

the product is absolutly amazing. i'm so happy with it, dont doub about purchase it, its pretty cool. Cant be better

I must admit  that I had second guesses on this one. But as it turns out this phone was an excellent buy. Dual Sim mode is very easy to access and switches in an instant. Will highly recommend it if you do not want to carry around 2 phones but need that extra contact number. Kudos Samsung for yet another brilliant product!!!

I am very pleased, this will be my international phone. Going on vacation soon.... I know i will enjoy. I will keep you inform.

not recognised as smartphone by at&t network and thus internet does not work over the carrier's network. wifi works normal though.

Awesome, my mom loves it :) very good product. It's been more than 3 months since i got it for my mom and it works great.

This is a great product, it works well, with both chips, have no problem with it, except that the memory fulls very quickly so u cant download 2 much apps to put on, because it would have a problem updating itself.  it accepts messages from both chips, and take calls just the same.  Apart from the memory thing it is a very good product, and i would have given it 5 stars.

Its ok if you just need a simple dual sim smartphone because the internal memory is small and most of the programs cannot be installed into or transferred to the external SD card. Not good for programs that store a lot of data like Whatsap. Definitely not good if you use Skype regularly for video communication because it has no front camera.

I choose this rating because the phone did not come with a manual.  There was a phone number on the box for me to call if I needed it.  I called and was sent a link which I could not open.  I called and left a message and never received a response.  That is not good customer service.

This product is okey, but the problem am having with my is the back on the lower right side of the phone is not responding well when touch it to go backwards

Phone has a lot more feastures than I expected and I am having fun using it. Only problem is the battery life (have to charge every day) and the internal memory is limited considering how much apps samsung has that can be used which has to go to the internal memory and not the SD card.

I purchased this phone to use in Mexico. I found out very quickly that the memory on the phone is very, very limited and installing more than one or two applications such as skype and/or whatsapp will max you out.  I keep getting a memory full message and had to delete SMS texts to clear the phone. This phone is very slow.One other big issue is that I never could connect via 3G only Edge network which is very slow. Overall it worked but I would not recommend.

Actually, I am not the direct user of this phone but as I tested it  looks great to me. I like because it has some cool feature in it. This phone is going to be use in Africa and we will see how it goes.

a lots of function don't work on the phone, there was no ear piece with the phone. this phone is surpose to be a dual sims card, but onlly one sim card work

Basic Android cellphone. It's cheap for a reason. Spend a little more and get a good phone with more features.

Before I review the cellphone itself, I would like to state that the purchase experience was perfect. The phone arrived right on time, perfectly packaged in its original box and with all the accessories.However, the model I bought has a serious drawback, which has nothing to do with the seller. The internal memory of the Galaxy Y Duos is too small. It does not even allow you to update de apps that come originally with the phone. After the first system update, you get a message saying that the phone is running out of memory. You cannot choose to install the original apps in the external memory; the phone simply will not let you. So you end up with a phone where apps cannot be updated except for the few apps that it lets you download right into the external microSD card. The phone I was sent works all right; there is nothing wrong with it, except the limitations of this model that render it disappointing.

I have owned other Samsung products and typically been VERY happy. This device does NOT live up to expectations. The touchscreen is often non-responsive, or there is such a latency, that it causes input issues. The device locks up with greater frequency than I would like - Battery life is adequate.The only real reason I purchased this device is because I travel frequently, and can keep an international SIM in the second SIM slot. That is convenient, but I am strongly considering looking for an alternate device to enable this functionality. I have owned the phone for over 6 months, and wish I hadn't purchased it.

I was concerned this wouldn't work for me even though I looked up the band widths.  My wife has a work cell through att and was tired of charging two phones.  This looked like the best price I could find for a well made dual Sim android.  I was more concerned when the phone started up in German but that was easily changed and it was working in no time.I havent played with it too much and there is a thorough review on here already but I wanted to confirm that this would work in the Usa.  I didn't try a tmobile Sim but I can give that a try tonight.For some reason The screen doesn't look as crisp as the cheap pantech crossover I bought her but to combine both phones she is happy as can be.

This Galaxy Y duo sim will be perfect when my son goes back to Malaysia for holiday, he can have an extra sim card to use while he's in Malaysia also can chat with his US friends at the same time.

I loved the product; it fulfilled all my needs. It works perfectly. I had no problems with so far. I recommend it to everyone.

I purchased this phone in Europe through Amazon and as always fantastic service and very fast delivery. I had high hope for the phone and it has performed well. I will list all the pros and cons with brief explanations:Pros: Works as a dual sim, very easy to switch between 1 and 2 sim card. Worked great in different parts of Europe and works well in US.Very good build quality, sturdy and nice feel. Touch screen is very good and responsive for this price category.Good battery life while running a few apps: Gps, bluetooth, active screen saver etc.Nice camera although no flash, again for the price its very good.Reception and call quality, speakerphone, and earpiece very good.Internet access also very good, better when connected through Wifi.All around a very nice user friendly phone at a great price.Now for the shortcomings:If you plan on using the MP3 function and just happen to be on of the "few" windows media users, forget it. It will not ready wma files. You either have to convert them form your laptop/cpu or buy a program that does it. I was truly disappointed in this matter because I have 10 year old Nokia phones that will play the WMA files and sound great. Was Samsung too cheap to just incorporated a wma program reader?On that note; if you do decide to upgrade and get a program that will convert the files, the sound quality, through headphones is LOUSY. At first I though it may have been the headphones but, I tested the headphones and even connected Reference AKG's, still sucked. I guess I just have been spoiled by Sony and NOkia MP3 players.Also even if you do purchase the Apps to convert you files you still can't use them as ring tones. I tried over ten different apps and only POwer Amp worked, purchase at Google.Thus anything with music, forget about it. Just keep using your old MP# player.I know a few will say its a phone and not a music player but, in this day and age with the technology out there to have ten year old units outperform is truly sad.Camera is good as I mentioned but, no flash so pics aren't as good and the camera function-zoom is a bit unusual.Memory: only 170mb; Not bad but, if you download apps and they can't be moved to sd card it will slow you phone downAll in all a very good phone for the money. Samsung would have received 5 stars had they just spent a bit more on the MP3 player, better camera functions and expanded memory.The perfect phone would have been the Galaxy W model with a dual sim function and a decent MP3.

Arrived in time with all the accessories & ready to use. Awesome phone. Works very well outside USA too. Dual SIM is excellent feature.

It's dual SIM, open band, GPS, WIFI, etc. I like it. Works fine. The only compliant is the battery duration; when every thing is on, it last around 6 hours. When using it just a phone the battery last almost 3 days

This is a really good cell phone, and it works really well. As I was especting. I can recommend it.

According to Samsung Corporation support center, the specs are identical on both the Galaxy Y Duos S6102 and the Galaxy Y Duos S6102B. They said the only difference is that the S6102B is a later model than the S6102.Also note: the ad's specs say that the screen size is 3.14", but actually the usable portion of the screen is only 2.5". That's a big difference.

Positive- light and small, easy to carry aroundNegative- the screen has very low resolution.  Looking at it makes my eyes blurry.- still runs on Android 2.2I returned it and get LG Optimus L9 for around $60 more.

The phone is great. It does all it needs to do and it does so smoothly and reliable.Unfortunately Amazon was less reliable with it's service.I choose for "super speedy delivery" which cost me some 20 U$ more, but I needed the phone fast as I was leaving the country in a few days and my old phone had broken down.Amazon guaranteed delivery on Wednesday if ordered in the next 7 hours, so plenty of time.After paying the bill, the order confirmation mentioned delivery on Wednesday or Thursday.I contacted Amazon support and they assured me it would absolutely be delivered on Wednesday.Hence... on Wednesday I received a nice email telling me the phone was on its way and would be delivered on Thursday !?!?!  And Thursday I was supposed take a flight to South America, where I desperately needed a phone.I contacted Amazon again, and they told me they would fix it, but I had to call them (My phone was broken and I did not have a bag full of dimes for a phone-booth (do they still exist??) .... duh!)Anyway, Amazon did not fix the issue, they did not even try despite my pleas. They did give me a 20 U$ coupon to reimburse the delivery cost... :-( !!!The result:  I had to change my flight (U$ 75.=)  I had to wait a day at home hoping I did not wait for nothing, missed a (paid for) hotel reservation, and in return Amazon refunded the extra delivery cost in 20 U$ coupons.If I would not have been out of the country I would probably have visited a lawyer.But, the phone is great !

I purchased this for my daughter who was going to be living in Italy for a while, thinking the dual sim capability would be an advantage (plus unlocked, quadband, and GSM).  I still think dual sim card capability is a good idea for frequent foreign travelers, but this phone in not the one to get.  I am not sure, but I suspect limited memory capacity and maybe processor limitations may be at fault, leading to my daughter replacing this phone in less than one year for one that would actually work ( and replacement phone does actually work well for her). Admittedly my daughter is not very technologically astute, but she shouldn't have to be.  She had to uninstall almost all apps to get it to work sufficiently, and to not have low memory errors all the time. Look elsewhere.

Galaxy quad band unlocked smartphone. Small and light but stylish. Dual sim card future is nice. I paired this one with a GoSim sim card and planning to add another sim card in few weeks, a local European card.Works as advertised, battery life is good. It seems to be a perfect traveling phone at least for me as a non heavy phone user. I prefer my Netflix and Web surfing on a 26-55&#34; screen. Tested calls and text here in US It is not any better or worse than my regular Verizon Droid Pro. I am happy with the purchase.

I have checked it and use it so far with only one sim card, and I love it. Everything works as it is supposed to, which is, unfortunately, getting rare nowadays. It is very compact, and the battery keeps going without recharging for a pretty long time. In a couple of months I will check it with the second sim card in Europe.Thank you very much for a good product!

I bought this primarily for texting and prepaid calling.  Superb value if texting and prepaid calling are all you care about. Having dual SIM/Dual Stand-by, both SIMs work AT THE SAME TIME.  One SIM can use the 3G technology while the other is on 2G (texting, data transmissions) - but both are ACTIVELY running.  You can turn OFF either one IF you want to use just the OTHER one.Being sold already UNLOCKED, I was able to use my both my EUROPEAN SIM as well as my ASIAN SIM.  While international roaming text is CHEAPER than international calling for my instant communication in the field (as well as VOIP, email and the likes where you have to wait 'till they power up and their PC and log-on to their email accounts), I was able to knock down costs for important messages needing urgent responses.If you are the person who needs state-of-the-art technologies in data, picture, sound, internet and WIFI connectivity, this product may not be best for you.  But if you are simply on basic communication without bells and whistles yet able to get your job done at a modest cost and flexible multiple SIM carrier swappability, then this one's can't be beat!Other tools I love most on this are:  touch-screen texting with multiple line visibility, text threads are in "ballons" with SIM1 or 2 desgination, "swype" texting, wide screen and very light to carry.I also purchased two more extra batteries (EB464358VU @ 1300mAh) and one universal charger because I really am a text-ing fanatic!!!!

Hey and just tell everyone you got a new Galaxy! They will think you got the latest and you will have a great phone. Good reception better than many other models like Motorola. The dual sim lets you keep your crack dealership separate from your escort service with ease! Don't you hate going &#34;YoYoo! Wazzz up? &#34; to a $1500 a night client by mistake? Two numbers on one phone make it easy! LOL Just kidding but it is a nice feature to keep order in your life. Not the latest greatest packed with stuff you will never use just plain old simple and basic. Buy it!

The phone is small and easy to handle, does not have much internal memory. Works smoothly with 3G in my country.

I need a phone with Dual SIM and unlocked not I can use it in the Middle East and USA.

After approximately a month after I started using it I started having storage problems making me delete the few apps I had downloaded, I could not receive text messages, because the storage was full and I did not have any stored messages, among many other problems...I think it is better to spend a little bit more on one that works better...

Very good phone for travelers! Get's the job done with it dual SIM's, and unlocked status is very convienent. It shipped quickly and in perfect condition. With its Android powered OS, it's excellent for those who need the use of two SIM's and the power of Google. And the battery life is very good compared to other phones I've had.

Dear DirectorDoes it work, this mobile slices within the United StatesOr notPlease answer to buy the product if you work in America

For real this is just simply the best phone I ever bought. It works great using different chips and different service plans. Perfect for when I am travelling and need cost effective service for both Internet and calls locally and in foreign countries. Easy to use and the abundance of apps available for the android system makes this investment a profitable and enjoyable one. Really a great phone with all the modern technological features you will ever want or need today.

Works like a charm even using it for SKYPE calls via WiFi.  Great smart phone, couldn't ask for anything better.

This phone is the best purchase I could do for my necesities. I have very confidence about this product...thanks you

I live in Caribbean and this phone works perfect on both net works,would recommend to any one,I have no complains,shipping was on and in excellent condition,would order again from this vender

Cell phone Radio does not WorkThe Charging Connector worked only once and stopped chargingSince I am in the Dominican Republic, the hastle to return it for was too complicated and meant not haveing a Dual Cell Phonein good order conditions, which I need very much.In view of this I sent it to a Local Cell Phone Repair shop.  They changed the Connector at a cost of US$17.50The Galaxy Duos immeadiately started Charging and is working except for the radio, which I do not need that much.So in general I already lost some money on this Brand New Item.

I did not find Samsung Galaxy Y Duos as expected. The screen looks very small.  It was a complete turn off for me at the first glance.

I would not recommend this phone, unless you care a lot about not having to carry two different phones with you, and the dual SIM feature is the key reason you're buying it. Otherwise, the phone has a lot of glitches:- Poor resolution- The phone memory is very limited, there is hardly any space for the operating system to run on, even when you move all of your applications to a micro-SD card. I am currently unable to install a required system update (the first system update I get, actually), because there is no space on its internal memory. I had to remove everything I could, and I still barely have space to run multiple apps in parallel. (apps occasionally eat some local storage, as well)- reacts very slowly, sometimes the screen freezes, probably also because of the poor processor and/or lack of internal storage memory.- Most annoying thing: sometimes the SIM cards (one or both) stop working, i.e. you cannot receive or place calls, you cannot send or write SMS, although the phone indicates you have signal. You solve this by rebooting the phone, and it doesn't open very often, but it's annoying because you can miss important phone calls or messages, without even realizing that your phone has not been working properly for the past 6 hours. (there is no visual clue that something doesn't work, until you actually try to place a phone call or send a text message).- the camera is very limited, has no flash, it has poor usability (no ability to see the picture immediately after you have taken it, no ability to rotate the picture, etc.)On the plus side:- it's a lot smaller than other smartphones- the battery lasts longer compared to other higher-end smartphones.- you don't have to carry two phones, and you can switch easily between the SIM cards from the interface.- physically (from a hardware perspective), the phone feels more robust. (harder to scratch, break, crack)

it is just ok for the price, kind of slow, can not have many apps due to small RAM.But thats ok. i was not expecting much for this.

i was one who was so anti smart phone cause of the extra $10 a month sprint charged, but this phone came and even though it may not be a iphone, for a simple unlocked app phone,im very impressed. this is my 1st touch screen so i have to get use to it and i have been downloading apps,so far i left sprint and went to tmobile for $20 less and since its a dual sim, im waiting to see how my international sim works but this was a great buy...so far. its only been a few days.

My requirements were not very great, but I love this phone. Its just a simple, easy to use, feature rich phone. And for the price this phone is awesome. 5 out of 5 for me. No complaints so far. Phone just works really well.

I upgraded to this from the HTC Touch 2.  Five days out of the box, this phone has the same look/feel as my old phone, but it makes great use of the newer technology.  The touchscreen is tough, yet responsive.  The Android OS is a lot more intuitive than than the somewhat awkward combination of WinMobile/Touchflow on my old phone.  The dual sim works great with my Straight Talk and China Mobile accounts simultaneously.  Straight Talk worked instantly, but I had to leave the phone on for about 16 hrs to get on the China Mobile network - I think that this was from all of the network 'handshaking', as China Mobile with international roaming in the US uses the T-Mobile network.Addressing some of the problems from the other reviews.  The screen is small (3.14&#34;), but I see it as a plus.  I just don't like the feeling of carrying around a big, heavy phone all day.  Also, internal storage is quite small (512MB) and the data feels a bit slow, but these seem to be endemic of most smaller phones.The only thing I didn't like was there wasn't an easy way to hang up, at first.  After a while I realized that you need to use the pulldown menu from the top of the screen to get the hang up button - But for every call after that a hang up button automatically appeared on the standard call screen.  So, I guess the OS learns from your activity and makes some alterations.

Works like a charm with 2 simms. It is a little under-equipped memory wise, but is sufficient for basic use.

The only problem I had was the phone comes by default with a language I do not know and it took me a few minutes to figure out which icon, the lower right on the initial set up screen, to touch to get to the change language option menu. Once there the various languages were listed in their native text and it was easy to find USA English.This phone is small and elegant. I find it a great phone for days when I am in business meetings, professional grade all the way.

So far, so good, great phone and I have not event explore the full use of the phone so far.

The phone is good, except that the speaker has a low volume.But I still recommend it to everyone as all functionalities of this phone are working well. The portable hotspot works effectively without consuming much battery, the battery performance is better and lasts longer before you recharge.

I actually bought this phone for my sisters birthday, and honestly from the ravings she has been giving it, it is amazing. She loves the phone totally. No issues and it uses both Digicel and Lime chips. I'm from Jamaica.

Awesome, compact, dual sim phone. I live in one country and work in another so I needed a dual sim phone. This phone is very compact but does support two full size sim cards (not micro sim). It has input for the google store so you can download apps and it has all the other features one would need in a smart phone.It's nice and small - I don't want a huge 5&#34; phone screen and this one serves the purpose perfectly. The resolution on the screen is okay...but definitely not as good as a ipad/iphone or other smart phones. If you're planning to watch movies on your phone maybe get something else but for a youtube video now and again this phone works fine.SOME IMPORTANT DETAILS -Volume - the in call volume isn't as loud as other phones I've had and the speakerphone isn't great either. It does great in most scenarios but in a noisy car on the freeway it can be hard to hear.Memory - This phone has a tiny amount of memory so if you want to install a bunch of apps make sure to get a sim card. If you want to install big apps on the phone you're in trouble but I'll tell you how to get around that.# 1 - Root your phone - this will allow you to do lots of cool stuff# 2 - Get a big SD card. I got a 32GB card and it works well with this phone# 3 - I installed a program called link2SD so I can make my apps always save on my SD card..not on my phone memory. This allows me to add about 500% more apps to this phone than you could do stock. There are some tutorials online on how to do this.#4 - The screen resolution means many google store games and apps may not be available for your phone (they will block you from downloading the app) - there are ways to make google store think you have a different phone and make an app work on this phone but many will not.Switching between sim cards is easy and I can get 3G in the US which you cannot do with many of the other dual sim phones from china, etc.Overall I'm happy with the little phone. As a dude I always feel silly with a huge tablet phone or anything larger than a iphone. This phone is small and fits in my pocket easily. I use it everyday and search the internet, buy stuff on amazon, check my email, listen to adam carolla on his app, etc.

I travel frequently on business and also have numerous business associates in foreign countries (Ghana, Ireland, Belize, and the UK).  This phone is excellent for my needs.  I use a Worldsim (highly recommendOneSimCard International SIM Card for 200 Countries with $10 Credit) that gives me both a UK and a USA cell number - PLUS I have a SIM for each of the countries I travel to. So this phone give me three numbers at any given time.  AND I find it very easy to use - fast operating system - easy to read and very user friendly. An exceptional value for the money and essential for the traveler.

value for money , you can use two simcards at the same time which is the highlight and its an android phone

small and very very Practical is a full cell phone it doesn;t matter the size of itcomplete the jopb

I bought this phone because I was looking for a Double SIM phone, if that is all you need, then buy this phone, if not, I will not advise you to buy one. All I use it for is to keep my SIM Cards active when I am away from my home country.

very cute, works very good and is easily to handle. my wife really likes this phone because its cute and has a lot of features

The cell phone is a bit smaller than I expected but it does what it was suppose to do thank you

I travel a lot internationally and dual-sim capability means I don't have to carry a second phone with me to remain reachable.I switched from an iPhone 3GS and really wanted to like Android and specifically the Samsungs overlay, but in the end (after 3 months), I switched back to the old iPhone for the following reasons:- Volume is too low on handset, speaker, headset in all situations. I found myself constantly trying to increase the volume whether on a phone call or when listening to music etc. Usually, I am the one turning down the volume, so it does not seem to be related to my hearing.- Touchscreen is not so responsive/accurate. I was constantly missing the target or lagging. I noticed this on another Samsung Android phone as well. Maybe this is due to the lack of RAM/processor power. This can be overcome in part by being much more conscious while interacting with the touchscreen.- Could not get the built-in mail client to work with my IMAP mail account. I could receive mail but never send. Never had this issue with any device before. I assume I could have changed mail clients, but the standard client should work well enough, at least. On another note, reading mail on the device was actually sort of bad, compared to the built-in iOS mail client; it felt a bit like a throwback to Windows Mobile Phone 6 (shudder!) Don't know if these are Samsung-specific or general Android issues.On the good side:- Battery life was exceptional. Very good.- In the US (on AT&T;) this phone will only use EDGE (may be the reason for good battery life). This didn't bother me as I only need email on the go.- Micro SD card slot accessible without removing battery. I added a 32GB Micro SD card, that's a lot of music/podcasts for travel.- I bought iCloud integration software from google Play Store (less than $5). This makes interoperability with Macs very smooth. Otherwise use google Contacts/Calendar.For the price a decent unlocked phone. YMMV as mine did.

I absolutely love this phone so far.  Perfect form factor for my trip to Germany in a few days, also works great here in the U.S. due to quad-band GSM frequencies (EDGE/2G).  I also know I will love the convenience of having two SIM card slots so I can purchase one in Germany for use while there and not have to keep track of my U.S. SIM outside of the phone.  No hassle when landing back in the States to let my loved ones know I'm back is great!My only caveat for potential buyers is that I didn't receive the model listed here.  I received the S6102B version of the phone.  The only difference between the S6102 and S6102B is the GSM frequencies for HSDPA/3G.  The phone I received has 850/2100, whereas the version listed here has 900/2100.  This makes a big difference if you are planning on using a 3G network operating on the 900MHz frequency (not used in the U.S. but is used in other countries).  I'm actually quite happy that I received the S6102B version because it means that I can use 3G in the U.S. AND in Germany (not using it in the U.S. currently but enjoy the fact I could in the future).I'm using a T-Mobile SIM that was a breeze to get from their store, plus unlimited talk/text/data for just $2 a day.  They unfortunately use the 1900MHz frequency for their 3G for now (AT&T; uses 850MHz), but since I just need the phone for the day I leave and the day I land it isn't a huge deal to me to be stuck on EDGE data speeds.  The phone immediately synced with their APN settings and I was testing it out the minute I walked out of the store.UPDATE 2/12/13:After using this phone in Germany, I wanted to post a follow-up.  I'm still extremely happy with my purchase.  I was able to get a German SIM card and add it along-side my U.S. SIM.  The settings for telling the phone which SIM to use seemed adequate (though you can't disable BOTH of them, one must be active at all times).  You can also determine if you want to still accept incoming calls on both SIMs or just one or the other.I was not able to test 3G while in Germany, I only had EDGE coverage either because of the plan I got, the carrier I got my SIM card through, or for some other reason.  I'd like to test this out further the next time I go overseas to determine if it is a problem with the phone/frequencies it supports or not, but the EDGE data coverage was excellent albeit slow.  However, I was able to use Maps and Gmail with no issues, which were the most important things.I loved the fact I could simply press a few buttons once I landed back in the U.S. and I was calling people to let them know I was back safe WITHOUT having to open up the phone and swap SIM cards, which also meant I didn't need to keep track of a tiny SIM card while over there either, it stayed safe in my phone the whole time.

It's perfect. It works wonderfull. I'd buy the same if I had to. The only problem is that it's dificult to find a cellphone  and screen protector.

Operating system is weak so is the memory capacity. Makes it difficult to load apps. Therefore makes it difficult to fully enjoy the handset.

First, I apologize because I don&#8217;t write in English, I help with google translator. I would also like to apologize to the company SHOPEBEST, as it has long received phones S6102 Samsung Galaxy Y Duos Android Dual SIM Quadband Unlocked and I must say they are excellent, arrived in excellent condition, and I have done all the relevant evidence and I feel very satisfied, very important to highlight the excellent quality of service provided by the company, I congratulate and highly recommend

Phone is pretty small, starter smartphone. Is pretty slow, upgraded to JellyBean - was a big hassle! But other than that, phone works like a phone, as it was meant to be. Resolution is really NOT good.

I like this model because the use of two sims at the same time is usefull, is faster have a good camera (without flash but still good) and have good connections wifi bluethoot and GPS and comes wiht andorid version 2.3.6 however.. the battery life is short, if you want more battery life reduces your screen brightness but if are walking in a sunny day you dont see very well the screen, and you will modify the brithness again, disable wifi, b/t and gps for more battery life, if you use wifi and gps your battery will reduces very fast, the screen have some scratches (i keep the cellphone in a glasses pocket with two plastic pendrives in my backpack) in less one month i have a htc magic with more time inside that pocket without any scratch.. and this cellphone dont have led to telling you when you recibe a message or missings  calsl so you have to keep an eye on it or install the NOLED app aviable in google play (if you find another app better use it)overall this is a good cellphone not maybe the best but good enough... exist more samsung models duos check it and compareif you buy this cellphone read very well the specs..This Model dont have led indicator and FlashRemember reduces brithness and deactivate WIFI B/T and GPS if you dont use.This model only have 256k colors vs 16m colors from others modelsBuy a cover, you will need itIn my case the cellphone comes with saudi arabia baseband (you can use english, english UK and Francais dictionaries)sorry for the bad englishSi vives en Venezuela el modelo corre perfecto hasta con HPSDA de Digitel, sin necesidad de modificar rom..Las bandas que emplean las operadoras de Venezuela son 900 DIGITEL 850/1900 MOVILNET Y MOVISTAR

Optimal relationship cost-quality. Quite useful, easy to manage. Omly one quotation: in my experience the software for connecting to PC is slow and offer limited options for synchronize. Exporting Contatcts to SD memory pack all of them in a single fila not suitable for Outlook.

Performed as documented. The battery life for the first few days was wanting but now seemed to have stabilized and now gives more than a day between charges. The keyboard is a little small if you have big fingers. Would recommend that one use a touch screen pen if you plan to do a lot of trying or similar function

Bought it about 2 years ago.  For the dual sim functionality, it works flawlessly. Very nice and intuitive menu for dual sim functionality. I bought the 6012B version, so it has the 850/2100 3G bands. I use it mainly for international travel, and it has served me well in that regards. Like others said, the space on this phone is extremely limited, so may be 2 - 3 applications, and you are out of space. I basically use it for it's dual sim functionality and Wifi Hotspot. it's ok for quick email/surfing. With it's very small screen, it can be painful to do any extended surfing. I have other phones for that. I just share the Wifi hotspot on this device.Having said all that, for someone needing dual sim functionality and ability to be able to surf and install as many apps as possible, the Moto G dual sim is definitely a better buy today. About double the price of this phone, but it's a whole lot more better.

I looked long and hard for a good quality smart phone to replace my Droid X that had a shattered screed. The Samsung 6104 is a great phone that does everything I want it to do, and more. I have enjoyed using it and hope it continues to be flawless for me. TAKE A GOOD LOOK AT THIS ONE!!

I bought this phone for safety reasons as we drive from Canada deep into the U.S. Unfortunately despite it's quad band, it cannot be used on Bell or Rogers in Canada. I am hoping when we travel to Thailand and Indonesia that local SIMS will work with this phone.There seems to be no easy way of determining this when one checks the specifications of the phone, until after you buy it.While it is an entry level phone, it did a great job while we were in the U.S. using an AT&T; SIM

Product is delivered as expected: delivery is timely, quality is good, packaging is as expected too. The only problem is there is very little choices of foreign language. It does not have Chinese. So cannot display Chinese or text in Chinese. Like iPhone better.

I just got this cell phone and loaded two sim cards in Bogota, Colombia.  They work fine.  The Android thing takes some time getting accustomed to, and I'll probably become proficient in a week or so.  For the price, this is a good choice.  All my stuff is Apple but I can't justify an iphone for 4 or 5 times the price of this.

this is an entry level phone. its screen resolution, ram and processor are not the best you can get but it does the job. i'm enjoying the android os (i'm new to android os). although it is android 2.3.6 gingerbread, it feels great. for the money the phone is cool.ISSUESmy main issue with this phone is the battery life. i have to charge this phone daily. i guest touch-screen and the android os with devices running draw alot of battery life. gaming on the phone really depletes the battery more quickly. Samsung does not have an upgrade to android 4 Ice Cream Sandwich for this phone. so you are stuck with gingerbread if you don't root the phone and upgrade that way. this is something that i am thinking about. as the phone is entry level, the on-board memory is not that big. u can save apps to sd card(up to 32Gb micro SD) but the apps that need to be on the system memory when installed will deplete your space. however, there is a way to save all apps to sd card. there is no zoom on the camera. so u have to be close for a closeup(no pun intended). some apps does work properly since they require better screen resolution and or processor.WHAT I LIKEthe touch-screen is very responsive. no complaints here. android os works fine and is reasonably easy to learn. picture and video quality is also fine. i have no drop-calls like i read in some other reviews and the 3G and 2G work fine. 3G is on sim one and 2G on sim two. the phone is dual-sim which allows me send calls to friends and family of their networks without accruing additional interconnection cost.  the phone can use a 32GB micro SD card. this is good for storing plenty of apps.CONCLUSIONthe phone is nice for entry level. it has a good feel to it does the job.UPDATE 2013/01/30i have been experiencing loss of network signal(data network signal) at least 3-4 times a week. this is annoying. i'm not sure if it is the phone or the network but i have read reviews stating it drop calls. however, it still operates well otherwise.

I'm from Venezuela, the phone I received on Thursday 09/19/2013 and to this date I have not been able to use, because it hangs and then turns off.  Then custa to back on. Unfortunately the phone came with the operating system damaged.

I bought the cellphone but I didn't have the guaranty, the cellphone is good but the guaranty is the bad thing can someone explain me this?

Both sims standby simultaneously you can receive calls from any of them. Te only problem is if you put ed card with capacity > 4 it start to send a message " sd card unexpectely removed" internal memory is a little limited only 256 kb other than that all is great I'm very satisfied with this phone.

two sims are great for south america cell coverage is somewhat touchy at best so this phone will do all i need indeed.

works fine on both sim cards, good battery life, I am content with it because it can do everything I need (be carefull, it depends on the needs)

good

The functionality on this phone was not what I expected from Samsung!.  I have other Samsung phones and products. This Item has Poor reception. Poor voice quality. Poor operation in the dual SIM  switch functionality. NOT Worth the Cost. Had to return.Very Disappointed. Would not recommend!

screen not as bright as other competitors but a decent product, great seller, fast shipping. there are other non-branded products in market which have brighter screen with more resolution but i ordered the samsung since parts are available everywhere, product is well built as well. thanks.

I've only had it a few days, and I'm new to the smartphone market, so there are many features which I don't use yet. I bought it for my next four years in Africa. I can't really say how that will do. However, I will update this if there is a problem, particularly with using a different band.

Well, this phone always unlocked itself so I had to start using a code, which I don't like.  It is just not very user friendly.  The texting is ultra sensitive...

Ordered this as a gift for someone who does not like complicated tech things and it's a keeper.  Easy to set up and get started and easy to insert the Sim card.  Only disappointment is that no one mentioned that to use the camera, you need to buy a separate chip for that.  Oh well, still worth it.  The final test will be the trip to Europe to see how it works with 2 Sim cards but I anticipate  no problems.  All in all, would recommend it.

Cool stuff. Product arrived on time as specified by advert. I got this phone as a replacement for an exact one I lost for my husband so it was kind of a surprise for him. He loved his lost phone so was devastated when he found out it was lost. when he was later told that this phone was purchased online from Amazon, he was amazed.  Thanks Amazon! this would not have been possible if it weren't for this amazing Amazon service.  You rock!!! :-)

This phone is completely working on my At&T and SWISSCOM .Everything works well.But if you mind the photos ,which is not for this phone.Anyway price is here so I am satisfied with it.

And now screwing up big time. First problem was its shutting down on its own, I would not know it was off until I heard the little start up tune letting me know it wanted the pin number to continue. Then all the B & C entries on my contact list disappeared, then they came back, then yesterday the all but 3 contacts disappeared then today they were back. Then again today, trying to make a call it kept dialing a number I had called yesterday. Did that about four times before I could get through on the new number. It also locks up a few times a day where I have to take out the battery to restart it. Guess I'm going shopping again.

I LIKE MA FONE ,,,TINK ABOT ROOTING IT TO GET MORE COOL FEATURES,,,,MA MAJOR PROBLEM IS DA KEY BOARD WHENEVER I AM TYPING I AM ALWAYS HITTING THE SETTING KEY ITS 2 CLOSE TO THE ENTER AND SPACEBAR

Overall I was satisfied with the product. As a previous reviewer pointed out there is not much space to download apps and the phone itself was so much smaller than I expected. However it served its function of having dual sims so I did not have to hassle with two phones and that worked well for me.

The product is excellent. Very happy with what was received. The phone is elegant, sometimes I still mess since their functions are handled touch, to answer and to end the call is so tactile and mess me. The rest is a good phone.

I like thise product, I do not use much internet mostly I use as a phone and lost the battery ok. before this I had Galaxy mini looks like the battery les quality than that one that is why I am giving just 4 stars, if I use internet the battery dring fast. I am shure to some people that could be difficult.

I would definitely recommend this product.It isn't too big but is 'really comfortable'.The speed is also great!!Get it and you won't regret it!

I just cant say how happy i am. My family and friends are buying this wonderfull Cellular in amazon. You have to get one

Help!! Brand new and the battery is draining super quick! Any comment and suggestions are welcomed. Any know What to do??

This is a very good product for the basics (phone, basic messaging and internet browsing). If you're searching for a powerhouse this is not the cellphone for you, consider paying a little more for this. It has a very decent screen, its browser is very fast and it has the advantage of downloading tons of android apps. I am a formerly blackberry user and was looking to get rid of that crappy brand. I can say im very glad with the android experience and highly recommend this product for you.

It is a great unlock phone. It gives Internet service , all the web surfing and functions of some more high end phones. You will need to purchase a seperate media card ( 8-15 dollars) to use the camera . However, I enjoyed this phone so much, I purchase 3 more as birthday gifts .

It took me some time to figure out all the different bells and whistles on this phone but it has proven to be durable, powerful, and actually easy to use.  I wish the manual was more informative but you can't have everything.  It is a great buy.

I bought it mainly because of the dual-sim card feature and the Samsung reputation. I needed Android, but didn't care about the processing power and resolution because I am not highly glued to the phone. This phone turned out to be a perfect fit for my needs.I have no complaints about the processing speed. It is good enough for light use. The audio is great. The external speaker is a surprise with its rich sound quality. The screen resolution is clearly low. It is not meant for someone who would do a lot of browsing or picture viewing. The build is very strong and looks like good quality. I have already tested it once by dropping it (unintentionally).Only item that I miss on this phone is the front camera for video chat. Other than that, this phone has everything. A great value for the price!

This is the best phone on the market in this price range. It has many features.I needed the dual sims especially

I own an IPhone 4S and love it.  But this little phone is better good, I enjoy it and plan to use it as a second phone

I had trouble with this phone from the start  and four months later it went crazy and died on me, I took it to a phone shop and they could not fix it,  so I am out a phone and I am very very unhappy.

So far it meets my expectation. However, the touch screen does not behave the same always. Some times is very sensitive but at others you may have to tap on the icon in order to make it respond. Besides that it is awesome.

Purchased this beauty for my latest jaunt through Asia.  Love the dual sim feature and pocket sized power.  Smaller than the fancier phones and the battery last forever.  Bought another just like it after I lost the first one at the beach.

Excellent phone it comes with instructions in Romanian however there were directions on the box on how to change the language, after that more or less straight forward, the reason I only gave 4 stars is because the woman at the support/help center failed to get back to me.

Don't like on screen key boards that much ! Another error of my own. Not doing s well this month.... ,

I bought this phone for my girlfriend in Rwanda. The dual sim capability is great and everything worked out of the box. But the internal storage for this phone is ridiculously small. I had to root the phone and share the SD memory with the phone's just so that she could install some basic social apps like Facebook and What'sApp.For the price, I can't really complain about anything else. It's a good introductory Android phone.

I use this phone and to be honest I can't complain but is quad band on 2G only....in 3G is only 2 band.....Other than that is a GREAT PHONE....Good battery life...

I received this phone for Christmas and after 23 days, I love it!  It's easy to use and I can make a call without having to take my glasses off.  Yes, I'm a bit far-sighted.  This is my first smart phone and I'm not all that interested in surfing or email, having a ton of apps, or even texting.  I use a phone for making and getting calls and so far this one has been perfect.The screen is bright, responsive and quick, the size, smaller than an iphone or galaxy, bigger than most non-smart phones is just right.  It's easy to see and hold yet isn't so big it doesn't fit well in a pocket.  The battery life is good. I haven't timed the battery life but it's good for at least 5 days on standby, probably more.  Talking on it is the best part.  It sounds great.  Voices are clear and I've never had someone on the other end mention problems hearing me.I count this phone as the best phone I've ever had. I couldn't be happier.Update: Six months later and I still love it. But I've realized that with a touch screen I can't feel my way to the right button.

This is my first smart phone, but it definitely meets my exceptions.  I really like it and It also arrived in good time.  .

The phone arrived quickly. This version that I purchased came with a sd card and a sd card slot which was a nice addition. However,  I purchased the samsung galaxy y duos s6102b and it did not come with a sd card slot but did come with earphones. The s6102 did not so be on the look out for the different versions.The touch screen responds nicely. Was able to connect to wifi easily. The instructions that came with the phone was not in English and the phone had to be configured to be set in English but was easy to figure out. SIM card from AT&T; works well in the phone. Haven't downloaded any new apps yet to test the memory.The battery lasts well.The downsides to the phone are the speakers. The volume is not all that great. The camera takes good pictures in the daylight but there is no flash if you want to take night photos. That sucks! Would be a five star phone if the volume was better and if there was a camera flash.Overall, I am very happy with my purchase. The Samsung Galaxy y Dous is a great phone for those who want a affordable smart phone.

I purchased this to use internationally and it worked with pre-paid SIM cards in Germany and Australia without any issues.  It also works perfectly with AT&T; in the US although you do need a smart phone data plan for it.  All the features of the phone work well and the touch screen is responsive.  Being able to use two SIM cards concurrently is a great feature.Not a good solution for someone who wants to use heavy multimedia - apps (e.g. Angry Birds, email attachments)and web browsing run slow compared to higher end phones (Iphone 4).  It has decent maps feature with navigation and the voice recognition works well. Only supports one email account and you have to reset the phone to change accounts.I would say this is perfect phone for someone who travels internationally and wants to stay in touch for basic email, text and phone.  You can see incoming calls on your AT&T; account and call them back right away from the pre-paid SIM at a significant cost savings as well as use pre-paid data while overseas versus AT&T;'s outrageous data roaming rates.

Phone seems to work well, as I am not a frequent cell phone use, will be able to evaluate in one week when I return to Europe.  Little manual is in Polish, Plug is European, but adapter for US provided.  Absolutely need English manual.  Frequent (meaning everbody but me) should be able to figure it out

My husband loves his new phone, he likes the dual sim for traveling back and forth from Europe to the States. Works great on German O2 network!! Only down fall is the camera has no flash and doesn't take very good pics.

Very good product . Satisfield. It is the phone I need. Small perfect and new . I love it. Good

this dual sim cellphone is great! the best that I have in years. What you see is what you get

I really like that is dual SIM. This is very useful when you have multiple phone numbers and do not want to carry multiple phones.

The phone is well made but light, the screen is a bit smaller that iPhone 4, but not by much.  I like the way it fits in my hand  - much more comfortable than iPhone. Maybe for people with larger hands it might be a bit too small. As an iPhone user I am amazed with all the Android funtionalities, but I guess it's a topic for a different review. Bottom line, if you are not chasing after the latest and greatest and can live with a basic and functional gadget - you won't be disappointed.
