
I WAS TOLD I WAS BUYING A 4S AND RECIEVED AN IPHONE 4 NOT A 4S THE HOME BUTTON STICKS AND IT'S IN CRAPPY CONDITION!!!!

Amazon allowed an individual to list their gently used model. It was so well timed, and exactly what I needed at the time. Fortuitous and smart placement for the right reasons.Bravo to internet and the principle used.

I bought this phone for my wife as an upgrade, and the phone looked immaculate, but it only worked for a couple of months because the volume stopped working. Luckily I called Verizon and due to the fact that the no longer had any replacement iPhone 4S phone I was sent an iPhone 5 instead so in the end it was all worth it.

I finally upgraded to a smart phone recently and didn't want the 5 because of issues I'd heard of. (The 5c and 5s weren't out yet.) After looking at the versions I decided that I probably wanted at least the 4S because it was the first version with Siri. What a fantastic choice that has proven to be! Siri is fantastic and if you take the time to know what she can do you'll find that she becomes indispensable to you. Business colleagues using Droids who have seen what I can do with Siri have frequently made a point to quickly find an Android Siri clone to install on their own phones.I mean, sure, the camera is fantastic. And you're on an iOS device so you have the Apple Store which is far more populated with cheap/free apps than the Android stores. At the end of the day, it's going to be Siri that makes you glad this phone is in your pocket.

The entire iPhone lineup is a good buy.  However, there are some major applications I highly recommend you get as soon as you get this phone.  Trust me, your phone will love it.  But first, some key features I love about this phone.Display:  It's not AMOLED like the Samsung Galaxy, but it still has impressive viewing angles.  If you tilt the phone, the colors don't shift, like they do on your computer monitors.  The brightness dims a little but itn's nothing bad.Camera:  Wonderful pictures.  The 8MP camera makes my pictures look like a professional photographer (if you know the right apps)Craftsmenship:  I understand apple is criticized for overpricing their devices based on "looks".  Well there is truth behind this.  I think it goes behind the craftsmen ship.  While it doesn't have as spectacular edge and corner craftsmenship and an aluminum backplate designed to protect the display from drops unlike some companies that use plastic in the iphone 5, it still is minimalistic and seamless.APPS recommended, for any iPhone.1)  App Advice:  This tells you all the latest news in the Apple world, gives you loads of app guides and genre listings (ie Photography apps, Childcare apps,e tc.)and even tells you the free apps for the day.  Now why this is important is because they only list apps that have a GOOD score and have gone free for that one day, unlike other apps where they careless list apps that are free and have been for weeks or list apps that go free for a day but have sucky reviews.2) Camera +:  Once you are done taking pictures with your camera, take your photos into this and apply filters.  It makes your photos look 300% better, they really do.These two apps alone will: raise your phones value (supplying yourself with quality paid apps that you got for free) and make your phone look like a photo powerhouse.

The phone looks brand new. No scratches or anything. Was able to get it activated with no problem. And it was exactly what it said it was 32 GB.

...without checking the serial number against the lost and stolen list with your carrier.  We made the mistake of buying a used iPhone 4S without doing that and after we received it from an Amazon vendor, we found that it could not be activated because it was previously listed as lost or stolen. To Amazon's credit they refunded our money through their A to Z Guarantee. But don't put yourself in that position, check the serial number with your carrier BEFORE you buy!

At the time I was reviewing my options to order a phone, I read the different comments by the sellers, as well as the feedback by previous buyers.  I cannot stress the importance of this when ordering a phone.The long and short is that I ordered the same device from another seller first.  And in the selling comments, it "implied" that the device will ship quickly.  However, if you read the fine print, or the delivery window, that truly told the story.  It is my belief that certain sellers may actually list an item more than once, and over the several week timeframe they have to ship it out, well, I beleive they end up shipping it to the highest bidder.  Basically, I never received the phone that was described as perfect.  Might be a scam.That brings me to this seller.  Not only did I receive my phone, (described as good condition), but in reality, the phone i received was FLAWLESS!!It truly was PERFECT!!  The original apple box was intact, the headphones, charging cord, and outlet were all in the original packaging sleeves, and the phone looked brand new!! Not even a tiny scratch.We just activated it yesterday, and so far so good. So I'm just saying, if you are looking at buying a used iPhone, make sure you consider buying from a seller with reviews...and good ones at that. I really think this is important to share with others looking for iPhones.Especially after having the bad experience in trying to buy from someone who posted a long delivery window.  I believe the delivery window gives them time to achieve the most amount of money while the people who ordered it had their dreams crushed while waiting for a phone they thought they would receive.What happens, is that at the end of the delivery window, the seller will send a bogus apology letter to the buyer stating that they could not ship it because they found some malfunction on the device.I SWEAR THIS HAPPENS!! I have such a letter to prove it from an order placed (on a different cell phone) several months ago!!!

Fast shipping.  As described and no problem activating on verizon network by dialing the 3 digit activation number and following the prompts.  Was able to restore from an iCloud update from an iPhone that had crashed during the last IOS update.  We will continue to replace phones like this until apple comes up with something that blows away the 4S.  This is the second phone we replaced through this vendor.

I'm very satisfied with my purchase of an Apple iPhone 4S, it was delivered as scheduled, and a great value. Look forward to future purchases.

I chose this rating because I thought I was getting a Verizon phone to use.  However, upon trying to activate the phone, I'm told this device can't be used on the Verizon network because it has been flashed.  So, it seems that I've wasted about $230.00 dollars on a phone I can't use.  I'd return it if I could but I understand that I've bought a &#34;pig-in-a-poke.&#34;  I wouldn't recommend this seller or this phone.  If I could get my money back, I'd use it to buy a phone from Verizon.

The iPhone is a great phone with an easy operating system.  The camera is good enough and easy to play around with the settings.  Call quality with Verizon is better than it was with AT&T.  The only down side is that the apps sometimes close down while im using them.  Also when using some charges the phone and plug can get hot, so be careful and dont leave them on some materials.

It looksbrand new, and works perfectly. I live in a very rural area and my Galaxy SII got poor reception, but this iPhone is great. People can hear me just fine, and I do not experience dropped calls. I highly recommend it.

I had been looking for a replacement iPhone 4S since I accidentally drowned my original Verizon purchase and ruined it. A Verizon Wireless rep suggested that used phones purchased through one of Amazon's used item stores where probably a safe bet. Referencing an email from Amazon based on my past searches, I looked at the phones sold by Amazon Warehouse Deals.This was a used phone, packed in the original Apple sealed packaging. No problems, cosmetic or otherwise. Phone was easily set up and activated without any assistance from Verizon Wireless service reps.When activating your phone to replace the dead phone, be sure to use the &#34;Reset to Factory Settings&#34; option under settings which essentially makes your used iPhone a &#34;new&#34; phone. I also found my current iCloud backup on the phone and restored that so that my apps and contacts would be current.Dialing *228 from the new phone will contact Verizon Wireless and activate the replacement iPhone. You will be prompted for the number of the phone you are replacing and the last four digits of your Social Security number to verify you are the legit owner of the account (you were asked for this info when the account was created). In a few seconds, your new phone will be activated and ready to use.There is no need to follow the documented iTunes activation procedures to get the replacement phone online.Regardless of what other articles say, there was no need to know the ESN (MEID) of the old or new phones or remove the battery to find this info (note that a charged iPhone displays its MEID under settings).

Great phone, bought for a teenager...

I was very satisfied with the iPhone 4S! The phone was in excellent condition and described correctly.  I would definitely purchase an item again withou any hesitation. Thank you for your honesty and great reputation on satisfied reviews.

There is a problem in the power button does not work at all I want a solution for that The problem

The shipment came in quick however the phone that was sent was defective... I have many missed calls and interruption signals rhat drop my calls... I'm very upset... But stuck w this purchase.... Never been so diaappointed!  I will have to take the phone to get serviced.  However, if the cost is too high, then i will opt for purchasing a new phone and discarding this :(

I recovered the product faster than expected and in excellent condition. It didn't come with the proper iPhone box but did have headphones and a charger.

It's the best Segway into a newer iPhone model. It came faster than expected in great like new condition. Amazon warehouse deals Arran excellent source for discounted products!

Once the phone gets to 30% or less of battery, it just shuts off randomly.  Sometimes I can get it back on, but usually it's just gone until it's charged again. Use a different seller.

product was supposed to be new it was not

This iPhone I purchased was listed as new but first off came with a bad cord, second the phone will not hold a charge and 3rd which is the best one....SOMEONE FROM THE COMPANY OR  THEIR FAMILY  RECORDED A STSTEMENT ON IT ACCIDENTALLY SAYING BE CAREFUL NOT TO DOWNLOAD ANYTHING ON IT!!!!!  AVOID THIS SELLER

Works good, good battery life even tho it's used. Does all what's it's suppose to. Love having the 32 Gb for music  movies. Apps and contacts. Works great

Excellent condition.  Perfect working order.

ok, so this was my very first iPhone, and I love it. It worked perfectly, and got to me in pristine condition. There was some confusion on how to unlock it, but the sellers gave amazing service and had a great attitude helping me out with it. I sent a lot of emails asking for help. All issues were resolved, and it works perfectly, even now. 3/11/14.

It's my first I Phone and. I  love it! The features are easy to use and I am very happy with my phone.

great

This was a great item. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a phone.  Great Iphone purchase.  A +++

love the more storage and teh siri. the speed is great too. cheap for now until i can aford the 5

Didn't seem to be New, more like a really good shape

This Vendor is good for anyone that may have destroyed their Smart Phone or for someone looking to upgade their phone at a resonable price. I was very much unaware of vendors  who sold or resold smart phones on Amazon.I looked at many vendors on the web and decided that I would go with this one becuase of Amazon's Guarantee and how Amazon Polices their Vendors.I owned an I-Phone 4S 16 gig which I destroyed in a sudden rain storm. I purchased an I-Phone 4S 32 gig becuase I was getting a message on my old phone that I was out of memory and couldn't update my software anymore. The phone arrived quickly and in great condition and as stated di not ship in the regular I-Phone  Box. The phone seems to work great. However it did lock up on me one time and the volume for the ringer seem to adjust themseleves occassionally..If you read the fine print from this Vendor  it states that the phone is Like New and may have been a Return. This you must know.and this is why the smart phones are priced below actual retail.I would recommend this Vendor to others.

Received my phone that I was in desperate need of today. I order it less than three days ago and it already made it here. I am very happy with it so far. Thanks!

Good morning, I bought an unlocked iPhone, in the options it gives me for amazon website said it was unlocked but when I get home and check the phone it came to me locked, I mean, I can't use with other carriers, I don't know who is at fault if they sold my the article or amazon, someone tell me how to do to claim? I apologize for my English thanks for your help!.

The phone works well but I  found that there is a spot on the screen where someone put too much pressure and it is permanently a blue color rather than white. The only other issue I have is the volume changing and some of the speaker areas are very dirty but I feel like that is expected for a used phone. All in all I love my iPhone.

Worst fear realized. You buy an expensive used phone online and it doesn't work. After spending an entire day on the phone with Verizon and apple, the issue was found to be from faulty hardware. Don't fall for the same trap I did.

The performance of iPhone's are legendary. That is why it is THE benchmark these days in mobile communication devices. My daughter just loves her new phone.The battery life is really good, but I highly recommend the Boostcase products. They almost almost 18 hours of usable battery life - and that's with a teenager hamering away on it.

this phone worked good for about a month or so, then memory shut down and it failed miserably.  was purchased as a christmas present, what a letdown!

The iPhone was a gift for my granddaughter and upon receiving the iPhone we had difficultly trying to activate the iPhone with Verizon.  I immediately contacted the seller and he responded so quickly wanting to do anything to resolve the issue.  I did end up returning the iPhone and did receive a new iPhone that we have connected and it is working great.  It was good to know that this seller takes pride in providing quality service and product.  I would highly recommend this seller.

Got this iPhone use threw amazons warehouse deals and there wasn't a scratch or finger print on it! Looked and operates brand new. Got $60 a month Verizon prepaid service on it which is unlimited talk and text with 2 gigs of data!! This was a awesome choice cause I have no contract and can cancel any time thanks amazon

Got this for my BFF because I lost hers at cedar point. The battery says 45% and then you can watch it you don't even have to touch the phone it will drop to 1% and die. It's a piece of crap and it freezes all the time don't waste your money

You're still new to it? I held off from a smart phone for a while to keep from becoming &#34;Internet dependent.&#34; This was my first smartphone and I'm very happy with it. Be careful though, once you get this, you might really get into it and want the latest and greatest (iPhone 5; thinner, faster, lighter)

I was a little hesitant to order a refurbished phone. But the price was just too good for me to pass up. I have not found any problems with this phone and I am on it ALOT!!!! It arrived on time and looks brand new. It only came with a getting started book and a charger cord.

My family has a Verizon family share plan with unlimited data.  With Verizon's new policies, we cannot get any more subsidized phones without losing our unlimited data plan.  We currently need to replace a few phones with "global" phones, so I have been looking at either purchasing new without contract, or purchasing used.I took the risk and purchased a "used - like new" phone from Amazon Warehouse Deals.  The phone arrived in the original box, but the box was rather messy and held shut with scotch tape.  Inside the package, the charger, cable, and headphones were all there and appeared to be unused.The phone itself had no scratches whatsoever but did have a tiny nick in one corner.  However, I had to look hard to find it.  Under casual inspection, the phone appears brand new.  The prior owner must have protected the phone well with case and screen protector.The phone had been fully reset and cleared so it came up the same as a factory fresh phone.  I had no trouble activating the phone with my existing Verizon account.  This was my biggest worry because I have purchased used phones before that had been stolen or lost and Verizon would not activate them.  In general, if a phone is replaced under warranty, then the original phone cannot be re-activated.The only problem I have was that the micro-SIM card was missing.  Normally, Verizon provides a micro-SIM tied to your own number that is used when you are travelling internationally and need to use the GSM network.  It is possible that, even if the SIM was provided, it wouldn't have worked for me.  I made a quick call to Verizon, and they are sending me a free SIM in the mail.I have only been using the phone for two days now.  The battery seems to be holding a charge well.  I will update this review if I have any problems with the battery.So far so good.  If I don't have any problems in the next few weeks, I will be buying another from Amazon Warehouse Deals.  I am still uncomfortable with purchasing a used phone from a random vendor.=== Updated Jan 2014 ===Nine months later, and all is well.  I have now purchased three "like new" 32G iPhone-4S models from Amazon Warehouse Deals so everyone in the family has a global phone.  The first two came in previously used iPhone boxes.  The third came with plain cardboard packaging.  All three phones were in great shape and all three came with headphones, charger, and USB cable.  I have no complaints whatsoever and will buy from Warehouse Deals again.

Good iPhone better than espected looks like new and great price fast shipping everything works as espected  I recomend buying throw Amazon the iPhone 4s.

This phone was in great condition.  I bought this phone for a friend and it came with all of its original packaging and accessories.  I'd buy from this person again.

this product was outstanding, arrived to me quickly, everything works amazingly and there were little to no defects. over all, i was very pleased.

I dislike that I was misinformed about the the product.  I took it to Verizon to have activated and they told me that my phone was a 16GB

This is a very good item! We ordered it used looked brand new! But they got our order wrong the first time that's the only  thing wrong but other than that great!

This phone was listed as a 4s.  It is only a 4.  Got totally swindled as the only reason I would of paid that kind of money was fr a 4s.  Not happy at all  Bought as a Christmas present for my daughter away at college.

it came without any of the things it says in the publication it came just the phone. has not charger or headphones or even the box.

First of all, I didn't expect the phone so soon and I love this phone.. I have no problems with it.. It looks brand new as well.. The seller took excellent care of the phone.. Thank you so much.. My new Toy I can't put it down unless I'm working..

This was a great phone speed and fast easy OS to use and it is a iPhone enough said lol

Needed a 3g phone for PagePlus, fast shipping, brand new item as described, couldn't be happier to join the ranks of the Ifools :-)

Frustrating to get a phone that was listed as perfect working order, get it switch over to find out the top power and the down volume buttons do not work. I am giving 2 stars because the seller was good about returning the product.

the only thing is the wall charger doesn't work right. The phone is awesome, could you possibly send me a good one ?

After using a Samsung Android smartphone for the past two years, it took a little getting use to the iPhone.Most of the apps I used before come in either the same or nearly the same format for the iPhone. Camera and video are way better than my old Samsung.

i got the iphone 4s 32gb i was expecting some scratches or something but it looks like new. very pleased an a good price when i bought it.

I was so excited to recieve my 32gb black iPhone 4s! It was delivered within 2 days which made me extremely happy as well. However when I opened the box I found a white iPhone. Not a big deal. I switched the phone over with ease and everything was perfect. Until I realized it wasnt a 4s either. I already had a white iPhone 4, why would I want another one??? I am so dissapointed. I called amazon and they recommended I just get a refund. Now I have to send back the phone I was so excited to get, and order another phone, probably from ebay. Cool. This will be the last time I order from Amazon for a while.

The phone was in great condition  it's an excellent product I hope to use it for a long time. However I noticed one if the bottom speakers doesn't play but other than that phone works great. No glitches no cracks or scratches just fluid use.
