
I am a two-time iPhone owner but for me, speed trumps Apple's brand or app availability.AT&T;'s 4G LTE network combined with a fast operating system makes this phone absolutely scream at web browing, facebook, twitter, email, etc.  I am 2x more productive on this phone compared to my iPhone 4.The Windows OS seems pretty solid, and feels more modern than iOS.  The bigger screen on the Lumia is to my liking over the smaller iPhone.I am very happy with my purchase.

Bought this phone at the AT&T; store last Thursday and received the phone this Wednesday.  Store was running a great promo where you pay $100 for the phone and receive $100 in free accessories.  This is the best phone I've ever seen.Highlights:SCREEN: side-by-side with iPhone, the blacks are so black on the Nokia (can't even tell where the edges of the screen are), colors are more vibrant, looks great in direct sun (iPhone screen is reflective and washed-out)FAST: Windows is so fast and fluid on the 900, both Wi-Fi and 4G are wicked fast for browsingALIVE: again side-by-side with iPhone, the Windows tiles are moving and updating all the time with Facebook posts, weather, texts, etc...  iPhone looks dated and dead by comparison (Grid of icons, nothing moves, looks like 1985)CALLS: call quality is great.  Voices are clear and natural, strong signal, no dropped calls, visual voice mail is slickBATTERY: lasts a whole day of use (8 am - midnight) with plenty of battery to spareAPPS: all of apps I use are here or integrated into the OS.  Facebook, Twitter, & LinkedIn integration working brilliantly!  I love how you can switch between text/facebook/messenger all in the same conversation and see all of someone's posts and pictures combined together from the People hub or Pictures app no matter what service they posted them too.  Netflix app plays smooth and looks great as does MLB At Bat streaming baseball games.  The gems are the Nokia apps.  Nokia drive is the best phone nav I have seen and it is FREE.  Many choices for voices, 2D & 3D views, you can download maps so that it works even when there is no cell service, and it provides nav for the entire world with what seems like every possible language available (again all free).  Nokia Maps is like Drive but for walking around and exploring cities & neighborhoods, provides local info about what to see, do, and eat combining reviews and info from many online services (lonely planet, etc).  Nokia Transit is similar but provides local transit routing directions, again with worldwide support (Cool! Great for the trip to Seoul or Paris).I could go on forever about how much I love this phone!

upgraded on AT&T from a Samsung Focus so I won't need to get into the Windows interface because i obviously like it. This is a great phone. Looks and feels expensive unlike some of the other WP7 phones out there. Definitely deserves full credit. On top of that Nokia is now issuing the credit which will make it free for me!

Great phone all around, the user interface is perfect. Not to messy or cluttered, wicked easy to use. The amount of apps are fine, the majority of apps on Android is impressive yet wouldn't use 75% of them, this gets the job done in a new and sleak way. Really am happy I stuck with it past the first day.

I have owned iphone, android and now WP7 and must say this is my favorite phone experience.  Most of it is due to the great Windows Phone 7 OS, but this is also a great phone for the price too (well built, responsive, great signal)!If possible, hold off on buying this phone and wait until this fall for the Windows Phone 8 devices.  All current Windows phones are not eligible for the WP8 upgrade which means there will be some future apps that will not be compatible with the Lumia 900.The Lumia 900 will be getting the WP 7.8 update instead which includes a lot of the features available in WP8, but not the scalability of the WP8 apps.Otherwise, if this does not concern you, the Lumia 900 is a great mobile device.

The phone itself is absolutely amazing.  It's sturdy, just the right weight, comfortable grip, and best of all, killer OS with great social media integration.  The phone OS itself is extremely stable and reliable.Being a previous Verizon customer, I will say that the 4G LTE service (limited to big cities), worked flawlessly and the reception is just as good as Verizon.  Hopefully the roll out to the whole nation will pickup speed.Don't let the number of processors fool you.  I've used other phones with dual core, the Operating system is the most important.  Over bloated OS are slow and inefficient.  Single processor is the key and also save power.  The Lumia 900 lasts all day with multiple email accounts and live updates running.  Enjoy.

As a long time IT professional, gadget junkie and smartphone user since the beginning, most people assume I love Android devices. While some are great, the last thing I want to do at this point of my life is fiddle with my phone after working with technology daily. I want my stuff to work without a lot of time invested. Add to that my last Android, a supposed dual core powerhouse, was the slowest smartphone I have used to date. With that said if this was my younger days I would probably welcome and enjoy all that Android has to offer, even now I can certainly appreciate it.I used blackberry for years. Not a very entertaining device but as a communication device it was one of the best. Great reception, great battery life, great email, great phone calls and speaker, and very durable too. In business those are the "must have" requirements for a communication device.I used iphones for a while and my wife has since the first one. While they are certainly a wonderful device with great build quality they just have/had too many issues with those "must have" requirements. It seemed to me that communication was an afterthought. I also never cared for Apple's approach to customer service. I know many people claim great experiences but that is not the case for me. And that includes for the iphone and other Apples products. I am also a certified Apple technician and had the great displeasure of configuring, administrating and intergrating Apple systems into networks back in the "appletalk" days. What a nightmare!!! Add to that their proprietary nonsense, case requirements and being forced to live the "Apple" lifestyle and they are just not for me. Plus the way the handles the antenna issue just erked me. Once again, that being said I can understand their popularity. With a great industrial design, typical Apple build quality and ease of use, many people find them a pleasure to own. It's a shame really that they require a case that covers up that beautiful design. Antenna issues aside they still need a case due to fragility. What is the sense?When the new windows phone came out I was not even aware of it. As an old Microsoft beta tester I was asked to try it. I used a windows 6.? phone once and hated it! While it was functional is was huge, slow, had the worst battery life of any phone I ever tried and was just plain boring.I recieved a Samsung Focus with the first software version. The hardware was typical Samsung, the look and feel of cheap plastic made the build quality seem poor. I powered it up and within 30 minutes of use was rather impressed. Even my wife, a graphic artist and life-long Apple devotee, was impressed with the functionality of the OS. It seemed to have even greater simplicity than the mighty iphone. OK, lets see how it does day to day. I synced up my contacts and put down the Android device I had been using at the time. After a week I was even more impressed. It certainly held up to the claims. I found it quicker to accomplish daily tasks and stay organized. It was fluid, intuitive and a real pleasure. There were only 5,000 apps available and the OS was missing some simple functions that were really requirements, but I saw the possibilities! With the release of 7.5 (naturally I got the update long before the public) I was using the phone as my daily device. The Samsung phone proved to be extremely durable as I am very tough on phones and never, ever use a case. It is actually still going strong as my 6 year old daughter uses it as a gaming/music device now. Last I picked it up it was covered with dings and jelly, or something sticky and nasty. Still working fine though.So this brings me to the Nokia. I was around for the very beginning of the cell phone days, actually the pager days. Nokia was the king back then. When you wanted great hardware, great reception and the best battery life you looked no further. Most businesses, including the large corporation I worked for, used Nokia hardware for their communication needs. When I saw this coming out I signed up for the pre-order. The first device I ever pre-ordered. While I love gadgets I am a patient man and never had the urge to pre-order anything, forget about waiting on long lines.I recieved the device on Friday, April 6th like most pre-order's. As soon as I removed it from the box I knew it was a keeper. I was already enjoying the OS, the design and build quality was what had been missing. This is a beautiful phone! My wife, the Apple devotee, pulled it from my hands and said, "ooh nice let me check it out".After her approval I set the phone up, which was a breeze. I must say I am extremely impressed with the design and build. I do have large hands so the size is great for me.I am not an app nut so I am fine with what there is now. Sure I will play with new apps that come out and possibly purchase some but the phone itself does all I require it to do without apps. I only have some productivity apps and games for passing the time.Zune has been my choice for a few years now so that is easy.My initial requirements for a device is for it to work as what it is, a communication device! Besides the great email and messaging features of the OS, this phone has great reception and call quality, actually the best I have experienced since my last blackberry.The battery is good, not great but it gets me through a day without a cord. I have high expectations and do not think any modern smartphones provide enough battery life.I have seen complaints about the buttons but I love the layout. I never cared for the power/sleep button on the top of a phone as it required me to use a second hand to easily press it. It only took me a couple of days to become comfortable with the button locations. I have also seen complaints about the metal bezel around the camera lense scratching (petty). Well it is metal and the iphone 4's design scratches readily but you would never know that due to the case requirements. Besides, a little rubbing with a jewelers cloth will make it look pretty agaiin if that's important to you. While I like a good looking design it is still a tool to me, so function over form is always a priority.Other complaints I've heard:Wifi goes off under lock screen: Why should it be on wasting battery under a locked screen. I actually like that feature though I guess it would be good to be user selected.The camera is not great: Why I did expect it to be a little better I can't say I am unhappy with it compared to other phone cameras. The iphone does certainly take better shots in default auto mode, as does my buddies HTC. The Nokia can actually take good shots if you adjust some settings, which I believe is where the problem is. Most people, including myself, want good shots on full auto and the default settings on auto are lacking. I still do not believe there are any phone cameras that are great for photo's. I think a dedicated camera is still a requirement, at least until I can get an optical zoom.In the end, while I am not married to any system as a whole, the Windows OS just fits my lifestyle and personality for many reasons. It ties in great with the business products I use daily. I am a big fan of the K.I.S.S. philosophy and this OS is so simple and quick to use in daily life. It just works! It is fast, has low hardware requirements, it is buttery smooth and takes little thought or input to get things done. Plus I always disliked icons. I was never a person to have my pc desktop full of silly icon shortcuts like I see so often. It is messy to me and one of my biggest issues with iphones.Add to that it the great Nokia hardware, which looks and functions great, and for me this is a keeper. Also my middle school age daughter is getting her first phone for her birthday next month. She has a choice of any phone she wants and we were positive she would choose and iphone as she has been using my wifes for years. Well she picked a Windows phone, first the new Samsung Focus 2. But now she wants the Nokia!!!

Windows 8 apps are a welcome change from iOS. Among the three ecosystems, I prefer Android, Windows 8, and iOS in that order. Blackberry, what ?! For ease of use, Windows phone is really easy to use. Lumia 900 has been succeeded by Nokia Lumia 920.  For someone interested in a first smartphone which doesn't break the purse, Lumia 900 is an excellent choice. User interface in Windows 8 is very pleasing and this is one of best phones with awesome user experience. If you prefer great user experience over infinite hackability, aka Android, then Windows 8 phones are great choice.Lumia 900 has 4.3" (109 mm) 800x480 resolution 217 ppi 16m compared to the Lumia 920 which has a 4.5" IPS LCD, 1280x768 resolution, 332 ppi display. This phone has up to 16 GB storage and 512 MB RAM compared to Lumia 920 which has 32 GB storage and 1 GB RAM.  Lumia 900 has 8 MP camera and 720 p video compared to Lumia 920 which has a 8.7 MP camera and a 1080p HD Video.  1.4 GHz Qualcomm Scorpion processor compared to Lumia 920 which has a 1.5 GHz dual core processor. I have extensively used in the past HTC Titan I and II which is pre Windows 8 (7.5) and I was surprised it has become more buttery smooth now. This phone has Gorilla Glass  compared to Lumia 920 which has Gorilla Glass 2. Glass 3 is in the making and supposed to be even better. Stating following because this is highly underrated in reviews. From Corning's Gorilla Glass specs; WHAT MAKES GORILLA GLASS SO DAMAGE RESISTANT? The unique composition of Gorilla Glass allows for a deep layer of high compressive stress (created through an ion-exchange process). This compression acts as a sort of "armor," making the glass exceptionally tough and damage resistant. Ion exchange is a chemical strengthening process where large ions are "stuffed" into the glass surface, creating a state of compression. Gorilla Glass is specially designed to maximize this behavior.As you can see Lumia 920 has, what I would say incremental upgrades over 900 but nothing earth shattering. Lumia 900  as well as 920 does not support microSD expansion. I always feel this is a bummer. But with 32GB it is plenty with current app ecosystem.  These phones seem to be copying iPhone philosophy.  Battery 1830 mAh Lithium polymer battery (Compared to a high end Android Galaxy Note II, which has a battery of 3100 mAh Battery.) Unlike the Nokia Lumia 820, the Lumia 900 as well as 920 doesn't have a removable battery cover, which means you can't access or replace your battery. __Not having a storage expansion slot is a bummer for lot of people! Not being able to remove battery is a double bummer.__  For me, storage expansion and removal of battery is very important, so I was disappointed. This is the downside the unibody design.Phone quality was excellent and speakerphone was awesome. Nice to see built in active noise cancellation with a dedicated mic.  Lumia 900 has Bluetooth 2.1, whereas  Lumia 920 has Bluetooth 4.0. I was able to get excellent reception with Bluetooth headset,Jaybird Sportsband Stereo Bluetooth Headphone - Bulk Packaging - Midnight BlackandJayBird BlueBuds X Sport Bluetooth Headphones - Midnight BlackAll the usual smartphone stuff, facebook, twitter, music, emails etc are all excellent. It is only the third party apps that are lacking in some arenas. If you are Microsoft heavy like Office suites, Lumia phone are awesome!Lumia 900 has the diagnostic tool. It can be obtained by pressing ##634# on the dial keypad, which should initiate the download after the last # is pressed. The diagnostic tool should appear on the app list under Diagnostics.On this diagnostic tool one can run tests on the following: Accelerometer, ALS, audio loopback, camera, battery status, DTMF, gyroscope, hardware buttons, headset detection, LCD white, lights, life timer, magnetometer, power source, proximity, speaker, touch and vibration. It's also possible to perform all the tests in one run. This is really cool to have this power at the user's hand!Apps are limited in Windows 8 marketplace. Yes, we have heard this a gazillion times. Lumia has GPS receiver with A-GPS and GLONASS support. I tried with Garmin Navigon app which turned out to be great in giving voice directions. App ecosystem is a chicken and egg situation. Unless more phones are sold, developers don't have incentives to write apps. Apps are less now, because people are not buying in big droves. Windows Phone is now (early-mid 2013) the third-leading mobile phone platform, more than tripling its market share year-over-year. One recent report I read Android and iOS are ahead in games with 162.1 and 37.4 million shipments in 1Q13 and Windows phone came in 7 million. This is more than double from previous year. I really hope for Windows 8 platform to surge ahead because having a 3 way competition with iOS and Android is good for the ecosystem.ONE LINE SUMMARY: The Nokia Lumia 900 is certainly the best and cheapest Windows Phone 8 smartphone on the market, it was really the best in 2012, but if you don't mind the budget get the 920 or 820 (for microSD card slot).

Just got the Lumia 900 yesterday.  Love the phone so far, but I use Google for contacts, calendars, etc.  The automatic setup for Google accounts (email, contacts, calendar, etc.) does not work.  I get "Google Error m.google.com is currently unavailable.  Try again later.  Last tried 2 minutes ago.  Error code:  85010017"I've tried deleting and redoing the setup several time, but got the same error.  The only way I got it to work was to do a manually setup:1.  Delete any gmail.com or Google accounts currently setup2.  Settings --> Email+Accounts3.  Add an Account --> Advanced Setup.  Enter your email address & password.  Select Exchange ActiveSync.4.  Settings:Username:  full @gmail.com email addressPassword:  regular gmail.com passwordServer:  m.google.comSSL Connection:  checkmark yesIt didn't work at first and gave the same error.  I left it for 30 minutes and checked again and it was working?Glad I got it working, I was about to take it back.

I love this phone.  Had a Blackberry, had an iPhone.  Love this phone!  The sound quality is awesome, graphics are awesome.  The battery life is even pretty great.  There are a couple of little nit-picky things, but they are so high school that I won't even mention them.  Using the internet is great. Texting, emailing, phone calls... all great.  Good job, Nokia!

I enjoy the animation of the tiles when you make your selection.  It appears as if the unselected tiles are blown away by the wind with the remaining tile the one you selected.  It's a cool animation.

I have to say this phone and the WP7.5 are just hands down the best thing now.  My wife has a iPhone and took a small test drive on mine and came out confessign that she would have swtiched to this.  The phone is sleek, works flawlessley and the OS is neat.  I have the apps I need - and this is an area that is only going to get better.  I really didnt care that that there are millions of apps - whats the point in having 1000s of apps that are crappy anhyways.  I have used BB for 12 yrs and so from a corporate email/phone/apps perspective this will be the king.  iPhone is for kiddies who like to play stupid games all day.

I came from an android phone where battery life was about 7 hours with no use.  Also, the android phone crashed about 4 times a day and had serious lag issues.  I got about 30 hours on my first charge with the Lumia 900 and I used it more than normal since it was new.  Also, it has not locked up at all and there is no lag.  The screen is very bright and usable in sunlight.  With LTE, I get 22 mbps download and 4 mbps upload at my house.Below are a list of pros/cons for the lumia 900 for me.Phone Pros:Battery LifeScreenLTESpeed (no lag)StabilityNokia Apps: Drive(Navigation app), CreativeStudio (picture editor), MapsPhone Cons:None for meOS Pros:Zune PassXbox LiveEase of UseOS Cons:Limited Apps in the Marketplace, but will getbetter

I have had my Lumia 900 since Monday and I absolutely love it.Just as background, I have been waiting for months for a phone that would make me upgrade from an old Samsung I was using. My girlfriend is a Mac user and swears by her iPhone but I just couldn't get into the interface.  I like things really clean and organized and all the icons on the iPhone really turn me off.  The Android interface just looks like a hot mess to me.  I use a Blackberry for work and still love the physical keyboard but the lack of software features really affects my productivity.  So, Windows Phone was my last hope.I fell in love with the interface of Windows Phone the first time I tried it out but all the hardware out there was pretty weak.  So, I waited to see if Samsung or Nokia would deliver something new that I would like.Three days in and I can honestly say that the Lumia 900 is fantastic. I am so glad I waited. I am surprised by how much I love this phone.Everyone I have talked to over the phone comments that they can hear me so clearly...a vast improvement in call quality over my previous phone.  The press was right about the build quality and design of the phone too.  It just looks so sleek and clean.The layout and interface of the phone is amazing, beautiful even.  Texting is awesome on this device. The screen is gorgeous and bright, very smooth and responsive.  I get great battery life too, even when I have made heavy use of the LTE connection.I have only installed a few apps so far but the apps I have used all look and work great.  I particularly like the navigation capabilities of Nokia Drive...I believe they are even better than those dedicated GPS systems.There are some apps that my girlfriend uses on her iPhone that are not in the Windows Phone Marketplace.  But I suspect those apps will come in time.Honestly, I am more focused on what a phone can do out of the box.  I own a Kindle Fire as well and I am not really sure what all the app craziness is about.  I maybe showing my age but the lack of apps is not a big issue despite what the press says.As for negatives, I really only have three quibbles:1. I don't have particularly large hands so the size of the phone is a little bit of an issue.  The iPhone is too small for me but if this phone were just a few inches smaller, I think I would love it even more. 3.9 or 4.0 inches seems to be the sweet spot for me.  However, I think this is just something I have to get used to because I upgraded from a fairly small 3.5 inch phone. The Lumia still fits fine in my front pocket and the upside is that the screen is so readable.  But just something to keep in mind during your own search.2. The camera is a huge upgrade from the 3MP cam on my old phone. The pictures I have taken outside during the day all look great.  But, I have noticed a very subtle bluish tint when taking pictures at night and at dusk. Not sure if it is the lens, the software or the user. ;)  But, just something I have noticed.3. This last one is really minor but I have to say that I don't like the "vibrate" setting.  The vibration is very abrupt. Not an earth shaking rattle by any means.  It is just that Nokia should have been a little more subtle with the feature. Honestly, the spastic, super quick vibration has made me chuckle more than a few times already.To sum up, a real fantastic experience thus far and I would absolutely recommend this phone to anyone looking for an upgrade from a regular phone or if you are someone who prefers a smartphone with a very clean interface and not all those crazy icons.

I am a long time Android user and have had at least five Android phones including original Galaxy S, G2X and Galaxy S2. I would consider myself a power user having tried many custom roms including CyanogenMod, software mods, Voodoo Sound, and themes on my Android phones. Android is the best for those that love customizing their phones. You can customize pretty much anything on Android. My last phone was an iPhone 4S. I jailbroke it as soon as it was available to get themes, some quick settings, and third party apps from Cydia. The iPhone 4S is the most fluid phone I know. The camera on it, is probably the best 8MP camera in smartphones currently (12MP Nokia N8 and 41MP PureView 808 will beat it though). The integration within iOS is very good and UI is mostly consistent throughout. iOS has the most apps (600,000+ apps) and way more high quality apps than Android. Additionally, the Apple's App Store has the most music, videos, books, and podcasts as far as I know. After a while I just couldn't stand the 3.5" screen of the iPhone after having used to the 4.3" screen on Galaxy S2 before. The 3.5in LCD screen strains my eyes 10x faster than the 4.3 SAMOLED screen. I decided to get another screen with same size or bigger, but didn't want another Android because I was kind of tired of how unreliable and glitchy Android can be.I took a chance on the beautiful looking cyan Lumia 900 since it has the same 4.3 screen. I was new to Windows Phone, wanted to try out the new OS and didn't expect much from it other than that I heard it's very fluid and stable. Now I am amazed by both the Lumia 900 and Windows Phone OS. Windows Phone OS is very easy to use and in my opinion, it gives you better user experience than both iOS and Android.Like any OS, Windows Phone has some features that I would like to see. Three features missing from my Galaxy S2 are native divx/xvid support, Adobe Flash plug-in (1080p Flash works fine on SGS2 with Exynos chip) and a file manager. Built-in dictionary that works everywhere in the OS, like on iPhone with iOS 5, would be nice and Emoji for fun.Setup is very easy on Windows Phone. A computer is not needed at all. Login or create your Windows Live account with the current email account you are using from another email provider. Use the Nokia's "Contacts Transfer" app from the Marketplace to transfer your contacts from another phone with bluetooth to the Lumia 900.LTE 4G is super fast (4-5 bars = ~17-19Mpbs, even with 2 bars = ~4-8Mpbs, ping is 70-80ms with 3 bars in Dallas)Superior call quality (Very clear audio and loud; 5/10 volume is enough for me in most situations)Very good signal reception (Better than any smartphone I have used. I get two bars LTE while streaming video in places where everyone else can only text or get no signal)Beautiful design with great build quality. Lumia 900 received gold award in the 2012 International Design Excellence Awards (IDEA)Small cuts and dents are harder to spot on this one piece polycarbonate body. Whatever color you see on the outside of this polycarbonate is the same color inside.Feels good on your hands. I guess because it's round on the sides.8MP camera is decent. It will be better with manual camera settings and some 3rd party camera apps. Be sure to install the Camera Extras app from Nokia to get more functionality out of the camera.(iPhone 4S>Galaxy S2>Lumia 900)There are two ways to take pictures.1. Press the camera button half way and hold it to focus, then press it all the way in to take a picture.2. Touch on the screen for auto focus and capture.Update: Nokia released the firmware update on Zune. Camera is much better at low light now.Front facing camera is top notch in quality with wide angle. You have to see it to believe.Very good RGB (None Pentile) AMOLED screen with Nokia's ClearBlack technology rated as the best screen for outdoor viewing by DisplayMate labs and Pocket Lint.4.3" in screen on this phone could be close to perfect size for now. No one hardly complains about it's being too big or too small after using the Lumia 900.Loud speaker and good sound quality through headphones. The background noise from the headphone jack is very high to me. I am so used to the Cowon J3 with no background noise at all. Of course this will be depend on your headset also.Built-in FM radio. It's inside the Music+Videos hub -> Radio.Battery life is alright for me. It's not good nor bad. It's up to you sometimes. More live tiles and apps with background tasks will give you less battery. AMOLED screens save battery on black, however it will eat up battery very fast on white, which is something you should consider. I guess you could say Windows Phone OS is made for AMOLED and iOS is made for LCD. There is a Battery Saver option in the Settings that could give more battery life.Windows OS is crazy fast, easy to use and reliable! No freezes or reboots that I have seen like on Android.Visual Voicemail included for free! : Much faster and easier to use than traditional voicemail. It displays the caller and their voicemail messages in the Phone/Dialer hub in its own Voicemail section. To play voicemail message, you just tap on the caller's name. You'll never have to dial the voicemail number again.Bing Search (Access it with the hardware search button):- Local Scout: List all your nearby restaurants, shops, attractions and events. Very useful.- Bing Vision: Search with the camera for things like albums, books, movies, CDs, DVDs, barcodes, ect...and translate texts with the camera to many different languages.- Bing Music: It listens to music and gives the name of the song/artist currently playing.- Voice Search: With Microsoft TellMePeople Hub: Combine all your social networks into one place (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Windows Live)Facebook Intergration in WP: After you logged in Facebook, Windows Phone will grab your FB friends and put them in the People Hub together with their profile pictures, phone numbers, e-mails, and birthdays. Their birthdays will show up in the Calendar app too for easy peak and reminder of the upcoming birthdays. Since Facebook Chat is built into the Messaging app, you won't need a Facebook app to do live chat 24/7.Me Hub: Let you check in to Facebook Places, post messages, set your Facebook online status, see your notifications, and replies from other people about on your posts. Type once and post everywhere to all your social networks at the same time.Email (with Conversation Views): Support for Exchange, Office 365, LinkedIn, Yahoo Mail, Gmail, Windows Live (Hotmail, Xbox LIVE, messenger), AT&T; address book, and other providers with manual POP and IMAP settings.Pin (Create Shortcut) to homescreen with just about anything: albums, songs, books, pictures, groups, contacts, Facebook contacts, navigation locations, any radio station in 3rd party apps (TuneIn Radio, iHeartRadio, Metro Radio), movie theaters, movies, websites, places, restaurants, shops, attractions, etc...Windows Phone OS can read incoming text messages with the name of the sender through Bluetooth. It'll allow you to reply back with voice-to-text. All hands-free experience while driving.Real-time or Live Lyrics: You need apps like realLyrics and Lyrics Show. They work great with Zune Pass and mp3 files. It works like closed captions on TV.Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Powerpoint, and OneNote. Access to Office 365, Sharepoint and Skydrive.Xbox Live: Windows Phone games with Xbox Live enabled have achievements just like on the Xbox 360 and points will be added to your Gamertag. You'll be able to send messages to your Xbox friends, edit your Avatar (Xbox LIVE Extras app), buy Avatar gears, view and compare game achievements with friends, receive Xbox Live game request, and control your Xbox all with your phone (Xbox Companion app).Onscreen keyboard is pretty good. Predictions are accurate. I haven't missed Swiftkey and Swype from Android. It allows you change the word by tapping on the word to highlight it and it'll give you the suggestion words to overwrite it or type in new letters to replace the original word completely.Find my Phone feature: You can make your mobile ring, lock, erase, and find your phone.Internet Tethering\Sharing: Available for use with a 5GB data plan from AT&T;You can Automatically put a Call on Speaker using Voice Command: Press and hold the Home button to access Voice Command, and say something like "Call John on speaker".Nokia Collection apps (in the Marketplace):- Nokia Drive: Many people could buy Lumia phones for this app alone. It's a free turn-by-turn GPS navigation. You could download any map you want anywhere in the world to use for offline and data-free. It includes more than 50 different voice languages.- The Dark knight Rises: Get exclusive trailers, wallpapers and ringtones. Play the location-based challenge "Claim Gothan City" choose a side - Batman or Ban- and check in using Foursquare at nearby locations to get points and unlock rewards.- Nokia Trailers: Watch movie trailers by streaming or downloading for later use.- Contacts Transfer: Transfers contacts from other devices to the Lumia using bluetooth.- Nokia Transit: Details for local public transport with realtime routes that include departure and arrival times.- Nokia Maps: Alternative for Bing Maps- App Highlights: Helps you find latest and hottest WP apps.- Creative Studio: Supports for panorama and many other special effects.- 100th Day of School: Sesame Street Elmo interactive read-aloud experience.- ESPN: Follow the latest match results, breaking news, commentary, and videos from your favorite sports.- CNN: Get your latest headlines and top videos. Receive breaking news alert. View, record and submit video and photo to iReports in real time.- Univision: Entertainment, news and sports coverage.- Caddie +: Golf app with many features like augmented reality of other golfers, live scoring, tournament scoring, aerial map views, detailed score and stat tracking, GPS rangefinder and more.- ACC Sports: Atlantic Coast Conference sportsMore Nokia Exclusive apps: Nokia Music, Nokia Reading, Nokia SmartStart, Nokia Camera Extra, Nokia City Lens, Nokia Play To(DLNA), Nokia Data Counter, Words with Friends, Draw Something, Goal.com 2012 Finals, Six Flags, The Dark Knight Rises, AOL Entertainment Hub, Time Magazine, Newsweek, Box, Groupon, Tripods, Paypal, Angry Birds Space, FIFA, Madden NFL, NBA Jam, Tiger Woods PGA TOUR, Mirror's Edge, Yahtzee, and Viber with HD voice calling.100,000+ Apps: Apps aren't a problem for me. WP has most of the main apps. It's the fastest growing app store as both Microsoft and Nokia are constantly adding more apps to the platform. Uninstall them is easy like on iOS, simply press and hold on the app you want to uninstall for two seconds, you should see a popup menu with the word "Uninstall". The same way you would easily remove any AT&T;'s "bloatware" on your Windows Phone. You don't need "root" at all for this.Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, foursquare, Flickr, Netflix, Slacker Radio, TuneIn Radio, Spotify, iHeartRadio, Last.fm, Soundtracker, Newegg, WhatsApp, Ebay, Amazon Mobile, Amazon Kindle, Audible, OverDrive Media Console, Flixster, iMDB, Fandango, Adobe Reader, Shazam, Soundhound, WolframAlpha, ESPN, CNN, USA Today, Scoremobile, Bank of America, ShopSavvy, Tango Video Calls, Groupon, Evernote, Vevo, WeatherBug, The Weather Channel, Yelp, Pindora Radio is for the Pandora lovers.FlashVideo For WP app is a must for Adobe Flash videos.Recommended apps:-AppFlow App Discovery: It helps you find great apps for Windows Phone.-Windows Phone News: Does what it says. Try Weave app for other news from the same developer.-Dictionary.com: Offline dictionary with voice.-UC Brower and User Agent Switcher: Internet Browsers.-Translator: Use your camera to translate printed text, voice recognition to translate spoken text, or  keyboard to enter text that you want to translate.-Bing2Wall/Papercut: Grab wallpapers from Bing search.-Connection Tiles/Toggle: Quickly turn on/off settings like Wifi, Airplane, and Bluetooth.-Flashlight XT: Simple and no ads.-TouchDevelop: Write fun programs straight from your phone.For those that want USB storage on your Windows Phone. You can install a program called "USB Storage Enabler". It's available on XDA forum. Your phone will show up as a USB drive on your computer.How to get selectable EDGE/3G/4G/LTE on the Lumia 900.1. Dial ##3282# to get to field test application2. Press on the three dots ... on the bottom right screen and pick settings.3. Choose the opposite of what selected "2G only" or "3G only" in Network type.4. Press the hardware Back button to get back to the long list of texts. Scroll all the way down and select ToggleENS(REBOOT) then wait couple seconds for your phone to reboot.5. Go to Settings -> Cellular. There should be the E/3G/4G in the list of "Highest connection speed".Currently Skype doesn't run in the background, fortunately the Tango Video Calls app does work in the background.Lumia 900 costs around $209 for the materials vs $188 of the 16GB iPhone 4S.Fun facts:-Apple Co-founder Steve Wozniak prefers Windows Phone over Android phones. He said Windows Phone is more beautiful and intuitive than both iPhones and Android. "I'm kind of shocked on every screen -- much more beautiful than the same apps on Android and iPhone."-Siri said the Lumia 900 is the best when asked "What is the best smartphone ever". Apple fixed it after couple hours (Samsung Galaxy S III' S-Voice did the same mistake)I would recommend this phone to anyone. You don't have to take my words for it. Consumer Reports recommended this phone. It won the best cellphone of CNET's CES 2012 Award, Popular Mechanics editor's choice award and Popular Science "Product of the Future". Don't just look at the specs. There are many features that aren't listed on the spec sheet. Go to a store, play with the phone, and see for yourself._______________________________________________________________________________________________________________Update July 23: I am giving this 3 stars for now since I have an issue with capacitive buttons not responding well during an audio playing through the speakers. I sent the phone to repair. Nokia said they couldn't duplicate the issue and sent my phone back unfixed. Many people are having this issue from the comments I see in Nokia forum. The link is in the comments section below. Still waiting for Nokia to response.Unfortunately, all the current Windows Phone 7.5 won't get Windows Phone 8 but will get the Windows Phone 7.8. I'd say wait the high end Lumia 920.Here are the features announced for current Lumia users.* A new Start screen look and feel, familiar from Windows Phone 8, giving you a whole new look the moment you unlock your phone* Ringtone maker app to selected markets to create a personal ringtone* Contact share app updated to support sharing over Bluetooth in addition to SMS and email* Bluetooth file transfer to send media files via Bluetooth from your Lumia device to any other phone* Cinemagraph and updates to Smart Group Shot (They are lenses for camera app)

I was in the mall and decided to stop in the ATT store to see when I was available for an upgrade.  I liked my LG Quantum, but I rarely used the physical keyboard and the screen was smaller and darker than I'd like.  I was told I could upgrade and was looking for a "middle of the road" option for an upgrade.  While the Samsung Note appealed to me because of the use of the stylus, it was just too large to consider holding to my ear.  Then I saw the signs for the Lumia and after playing with it for 30 seconds, I was sold.It might be lame to say, but it *feels* good.  I thought it might be too large, but it just feels like a solid piece of electronics and being thinner than the Quantum, the increase in the other dimensions doesn't bother me.  The screen is a world above my old phone...not just in size, but color and clarity.  It's beautiful.I could say it's faster, but I really can't tell.  My old phone felt just as fast as this one.  Maybe starting apps and switching to the camera is faster, but I haven't pulled out a stopwatch.  This might sound bad, but it's a good thing.The Nokia driving apps are nice, but I think visual voicemail is my favorite feature.  I might actually listen to my voicemail now!Anyway, I wasn't really looking for much when I was planning to upgrade, but this phone is pretty, fun to use, and I got it at a steal.  I was looking for middle of the road, and this really feels like it's that "flagship" for 100 dollars.Highly recommend.

Excellent phone! Would recommended to everyone! So happy with it!!!Worth every minute of waiting! Thanks Nokia and MSFT!Excellent apps, connection, good battery life and it looks INCREDIBLE!!!

Window Phone OS + Nokia Hardware is a win. While processor specs may look unimpressive, this phone out performs my former dual core Android phone and is snappier than my iPad2. This is my first time trying the Windows Phone OS and so far, I am very happy with it. One of my favorite things about the platform is how all 3rd party apps I find are designed with the same Metro style giving an impressive unity to the UI across all apps - even more so than with iOS. The people hub is brilliant. It mixed my contacts (which were a complete mess) from Windows Live, Outlook, Facebook, GMail into one, clean, deduped list. Any interaction you want to do with someone is right there in one place.As for the hardware, again, resist the temptation to focus on specs. The resolution is nothing like the retina by the numbers, but its beautiful. The blacks are extremely black which looks stunning with the black-heavy Metro UI. The colors pop and Nokia's proprietary coated glass cuts glare and looks impressive. My only complaint about the screen is that it tends to really show fingerprints.The camera is great, but maybe not the very top available. Its better than the camera on my Motorola Atrix. In comparisons with the iPhone 4s, it seems to be a matter of situation as to which produces the better image. The Lumia 900's images tends to be warmer in general. Sometimes that looks really great, sometimes you want to tweak it a bit.Overall, this phone is great! Its a real looker. I've had numerous people ask me what phone I have when I've been out in the last few days. I dont know if the public at large is ready to try a new OS, but I'm convinced that if they do, they will love the Lumia 900 running the Windows Phone OS.

It's refreshing to see the new (to me) interface. This phone is really fast. I have the iPhone 4s before, this phone is faster for the things that I use it for -- email, texting, web, facebook, etc. The transition effects are really nicely done. Yes, there are missing gaps in some popular apps, but there are many alternatives that fills the hole. For example, there's no official pandora app, but there's an app that plays music from pandora. BTW -- did I tell you this phone looks really good? So good I'm not sure if I want to put a case on it.

Killer phone! works great.WP7 has almost all the apps u need, if not offical u always have a 3rd party version that works great. Only issue the metal behind the phone gets scratched easily , otherwise awesome design.

Have had Lumia 900 black since launch day, have dropped several times, and have absolutely no scratches on the body or screen (minus some scuffing on the shiny silver sliver next to the camera).Switched from iPhone 4, and have been absolutely blown away with how fluid and responsive the OS runs. My iPhone would frequently lag while navigating and editing contacts or navigating the web.

I have this phone for about two months. Like the way email , browser and camera working together.Especially Nokia drive is free and very usefull. I use Nokia Drive all the time. The camera is great, easily to focus by pressing the screen and it is automatically focus and capture the picture. Battery lasted 2 days before charging, make sure enable the battery saver.Skype is working great.

I've been keeping an eye out for the Lumia 900 for some time because it felt like the first device that did Windows Phone's sleek interface justice. And then there's the Windows Phone OS itself, which unlike iOS or Android (iOS clone with flexibility) takes a completely novel approach to mobile computing. And the result...is mind-blowing. Sure, initial reviews, impressions, and brochures can tell you the specs of a device, but what's it like living with it?I admit, I was reluctant to jump ship and use Windows Phone as my daily driver because my Nexus ONE got everything I needed done, done. It was clunky at times, but I knew there was an app for every task I would do while on the go -- at this point, I was seriously contemplating the Galaxy Nexus. However, having watched dozens of videos and tutorials on more recent iterations of WP7, it seemed like the operating system was finally ready to play on par with the big boys, and I reconsidered.Well, I was wrong. It's better than the heavy hitters. Tasks that would take me 3-4 steps on an Android I can now do in 1-2, and that might not seem like much, but when you want to pull your phone out, get something done, and move on with life, it's huge. Living with the 900 for a month now, I've come to expect that level of delivery from smartphones. Recently, when a friend of mine asked for help on her Android, I was both surprised and disappointed by the flow-feeling interface, and unnecessary keystrokes.It took me a little while familiarizing myself with the interface, I can't lie there -- but now, it's hard to imagine getting anything done without it. I'm not sure how I was living with my Nexus.Here's some of what makes this device unique to me. And I use these features daily:- Microsoft Office- XboxLIVE integration (& companion app)- Zune sync- Bing! Music search (Like Shazam, but takes you straight to the marketplace)- Native Facebook integration (good for quick checks)- SkyDrive sync (There's something mind-boggling yet fascinating about pictures you take being uploaded to your cloud storage the moment they're taken. I love it.)Of course, the 4G and head-turning looks certainly don't hurt, either.All in all, the phone has exceeded my expectations. While I was interested in the WP7 OS because of its stunning looks and unique features, I was reluctant to take a leap of faith using it as my daily driver until I saw NOKIA's hardware.Some will say NOKIA's best option was to become an Android OEM, but I disagree... The Lumia 900 is a beacon of hope -- the first step of a partnership that will make devices for the sole purpose of blowing our minds while getting crap done.So, to all the non-believers out there: I know how you feel because I've been there. WP7 is a fledgling OS that has yet to prove itself, and on paper, sure...its hardware specs are NOT on par with the latest Android devices. But the Lumia 900 doesn't need it. It is optimized so it can finish jobs faster than a dual or quad-core android device, and throw in a sense of accomplishment for no extra charge.Give it a chance. I did.

I bought this phone on Amazon Wireless for $50 with a two year contract.  I then got a $100 credit from Nokia.  So, actually, Nokia paid me net $50 to use this incredible phone.  First, the windows phone mango software is incredible.  The software has two main screens that have everything on them.  You don't have to fish around on several screens and then dig down.  It seems as if Microsoft thought of every hassle you endure with a smartphone entering and processing information and made it simple and easy.  I am blown away by the quality and ease of use of the software.The hardware part of the phone is also great.  The hardware fits together well.  The buttons on the phone seem a little fragile, but I have had no problem with them.  I find that I end up pressing on the dedicated camera button by accident while I am using the phone.  The good thing is that there is a short delay on the button that does not engage the camera until it is held done for about two seconds.  Overall, the hardware is outstanding.  The glass and polycarbonate fit seamlessly and the phone is beautifully put together.  The screen is incredible and is one of the best I have seen.My only complaint is that you almost have to have a computer engineering degree to transfer your contacts from your nonwindows phone to this one.  I have a Blackberry and had to export my contacts in "csv" format to my desktop's windows 7 contacts.  I then had to create a second profile in Outlook to import the "csv" file so as not to mix my email work contacts with my phone contacts.  After importing the contacts to my new outlook profile, I had to sync this with my windows live id.  After this I had to go to my phone and sync my windows phone contacts with my windows live account.  Doing this was a pain in the you know what.Now that everything is set up and working properly, it is my opinion that this phone is better overall than the iphone.  Apple has its work cut out for it in order to build a better phone than this one in its next iteration of the iphone.  My kids have dumped my wife's iphone 4 and won't quit bothering me to get ahold of this phone.  Get it!  You won't be sorry.

I really have just two things to mention that I think most other reviews missed.Battery:My wife has been using a Samsung Focus for a while and I already knew I will like the OS. But the battery life is what totally blew me away. This is almost impossible. Being the first week with the phone I am spending a lot of time on the phone - exploring features and apps. Add to that two hours of browsing over WiFi during my daily commute and I am still getting well over 30 hours on single charge. Batteries used to last this long in early 90's when all your phone could do was make calls.OS App Management:Being a desktop power user, I have a tendency to want full control over apps. I am constantly seeking something like task manager and end all apps that I am not currently using and there is no easy way to do that in Windows Phone 7.5. But the truth is that it does not matter how many applications are suspended, they are not really running and not taking any resources. Just open as many apps as you like and keep switching without worrying about using resources and battery. The OS takes care of it.Great camera, good display size for extended browsing, feels sturdy in your hand, fast growing list of quality apps, 4G fast, built in full GPS including voice directions (don't even need a data connection - Nokia Drive), low price ($0 till Apr 21st), full integration with Twitter and Facebook and the list goes on and on. It is impressive how you can go to the address book find a person and see their facebook updates, tweets, LinkedIn updates and even browse their Facebook albums without ever leaving the address book (or 'People' as they call it).I am totally in love with my new phone. My wife now is yelling at me constantly to put the phone away :)Edit (5/5/2012): Been over a month now. And I now have four email accounts, two calendars (personal and work), a bunch of apps using push notifications, and also a couple apps running in the background. I am now getting about 22 hours of battery life on a average day. Also I figured browsing over WiFi is a lot easier on the battery than 4G. Hope this helps.

The thing I notice most with the Nokia, Lumia is that when I walk the dog through the forests near where I live there is no loss of signal. With my iPhone 4 I would often lose connectivity and had always assumed it was because I was away from the city, not the case. Also in the house, I always had to wave the iPhone around to keep wifi connectivity, with the Lumia the signal is strong all the time. Also the quality of the calls is very high, I can hear people clearly and vice versa which was not always the case before. Overall as a phone I find the user experience far superior with the Lumia (I think we sometimes forget with video, pictures & games that these things are primarly phones) The screen I think is very high quality, the resolution might not have numbers with lots of zeros but everyone who sees the phone absolutely loves the display, the blacks are SO black that everything looks clear & clean. The phone is also quick and easy to switch on & off, something that always seemed to take ages with the iPhone. Doing this each night I find the battery life is really quite good. There are enough Apps for me, the Maps are good, the free storage is great to keep things safe, the camera is customisable, zoomable (as is the video)and I could not live now without a Back button. Overall a great looking phone that works well and is easy to use. It's not without some small things that could be improved but then Apple iOS is now version 5.* So Windows 8 (The 3rd OS from MS I think > 7, 7.5, 8) might be the one to make this phone absolutely perfect instead of just perfect.

I love this phone! So beautiful, so fast, so slick. MS and NOK have done a great job here.  I think I will be recommending this to all my friends and family.

Pros:Upgraded my old phone to Lumia 900, and tried it for a couple of days.So far, it is very nice experience. Compared to my wife's iPhone, the voice quality is much better when using speaker. The UIs are very bright, and easy tooperate.A Smartphone should be a phone first; then smart second. Though applications arenot that many, but enough useful applications.Cons:Don't like windows sync all the junks to my contacts.Trying to clean up them one by one. Maybe good featurefor today's fber, twitters, not for me.

I bought a Lumia 800 in January from Europe. It's a great phone. Better than the RAZR I had before. And my wife with iPhone is planning to ditch it and get the 900. It's free and it's awesome.

I just picked up one of these phones.  I have used Android and Iphones in the past and Windows Phone has the best e-mail, calender integration for outlook. The interface really fast.  I highly recommend this phone to everyone.This is my first Nokia phone and the build quality is awesome.

everything about this phone is well made from the screen to the buttons and the case. it goes along perfectly with the ultra fast windows phone software. it's only a single core processor and is just as fast or faster than any android or iphone out there very impressed with nokia and microsoft on this one. hope more people get to know this phone

Let me preface this by saying that I received my Lumia 900 from AT&T; two days ago, and what a phone it is! First off, I received the phone for free with an AT&T; service plan. That is hard to beat. But even for the price of the new iPhone, which I understand is a couple of hundred dollars, I think this phone is worth it.Software:The connectivity and ease of use are so apparent that within five minutes of turning on the phone, I was on Facebook, chatting with friends, had downloaded all my contacts online, setup my email, and was calling my best friend to test the call quality. I didn't pull anything over from my previous phone, just let Windows Mobile do its thing. It's difficult for me to imagine that other operating systems can compete with the ease and breadth of use this system offers. Every single piece of software seems integrated. One can easily jump from Facebook, to Twitter, to email, to a phone call, etc. In fact, the phone notified me when people so much as "liked" a comment of mine on Facebook, and mind you I wasn't in Facebook when this was happening. That brings me to my second point, the phone is fast. I downloaded ten or so free applications in less than ten minutes. Even via WiFi, I was impressed with the phone's response time, as I was able to download maps for the entire United States on Nokia Drive (~2 GB) in ~15 minutes. Third, with all the complaints I've read about applications, I feel that it's important to touch on this aspect of the experience. Like I was hinting at before, the phone comes loaded with a bunch of applications so that right off the bat, you are texting, calling, pulling up Facebook, etc. On top of that, there are a ton of free applications for many of the sites I use most: Yelp, IMDB, Ebay, Amazon, YouTube, Evernote the list goes on... With Nokia, you also get a ton of free applications including ESPN (which is really awesome if you like sports), USA Today, Nokia Drive, Nokia Maps, Nokia Radio, etc. In fact, I would argue that most of the important apps are there. That said, there are some applications that you won't find including Pandora. Finally, one thing that I always hated about my iPhone was it seemed like I had to sign in for every darn little thing. With this phone, I downloaded everything, including paid applications, without signing in. That's right, I signed into my hotmail account when I first turned on the phone, and after that...nada.Hardware:Simply put, the hardware is stunning! The phone has quickly become one of the proudest items I own. I have the cyan blue version and it catches my attention every time I look at it. It really is something that you have to see to appreciate. Additionally, the single cut, polycarbonate body feels amazing in the hand. Be forewarned that the polycarbonate isn't metal and will scratch if it contacts a rough surface, but the body does achieve a sturdiness that is welcome in a device susceptible to dropping. Moreover, the display while fingerprint prone is stunning. Even with what I understand to be lower graphics than the new iPhone, the brightness, size, and definition are quite impressive. Turning to the camera, while I didn't compare the quality to other phones myself, I have seen some comparisons online that show mixed reviews depending on lighting, focus, etc. This probably isn't the phone to buy if the camera is the most important feature for you, but for the average user it will be more than enough. Separately, the storage space cannot be upgraded, so bear that in mind if you intend on downloading a lot of content. Turning to battery life, I used the phone pretty much non-stop for the first couple of days and it lasted about 7-8 hours - decent given that I was streaming videos as well as surfing the web. I recently spoke with a representative who indicated that an update is imminent and will likely contain power saving features. Given that I've heard some good things about the Lumia 800's update as it relates to extending battery life, I'm hoping the same applies here. Lastly, the phone has excellent call quality. I've long wondered how other phones with poor call quality receive so much praise. Isn't a phone (even a "smart" one) centered around the ability to make calls? Well, for me, call quality is clutch. And Nokia delivers in 1990's fashion, which is to say the call quality lives up to Nokia's past reputation. I found that the sound was crisp, the volume range was impressive, and the signal didn't fade a bit.In short, Nokia and Microsoft have teamed up to create a user experience that really blows me away. At $100 or less with a service plan, it would be hard to compete with the Lumia 900. Good work Nokia & Microsoft and looking forward to future devices!

I just got mine today after upgrading early.  AT&T; sold me the phone for $349 if I re-upped for two years.  I was just under one year in with my Samsung Focus Which I also liked.Pros:-Great build quality-Stunning display despite what haters say about resolution.  It turns heads-I added my FB and Windows Live accounts and synced everything in about an hour-PriceCons:-It is a bit heavy-Phone has 'sharp' corners.  Could be rounded for better comfort

I pre ordered this phone and received it on April 6.  My wife liked it so much that I got her one yesterday.  This is an easy to use smart phone.  I read all the negative reviews. Looking for problems before I ordered it and the camera didn't do well.  However, when I got the phone, I adjusted the ASA to 100 and it made a big difference.  I think the default setting is too high, probably at 400.  Also, I read about a pink circle shooting a white surface indoors.  I adjusted the white balance to fluorescent for indoor shots with fluorescent lights and that seems to solve the indoor problem.  I changed the white balance back to auto for outside, but have left the ASA on 100 for all pictures.I also downloaded Nokia maps for the USA, so I could save on my data package.This phone is very quick.  The single core processor is fast, and the screen is beautiful.Con:  I haven't yet figured out how to sync my 2007 Windows Outlook to the phones calendar.  I may have to contact Microsoft for help.

Coming from an HTC Trophy on Verizon, i have already had experience with Windows Phone. I love the OS and feel it brings a lot of new ideas to how a smartphone should operate.The phone is incredibly fast, feels great, and looks incredible. The brightness of the screen in the daylight is the best on any smartphones i've owned by far.My wife switched from a Droid and has had this phone for about 4 days and she loves it as well. The biggest thing for her is getting use to the Windows Phone OS, as she came from a droid. So far it has been very easy for her, and she hasn't had to ask me too many questions.If i had to pick a con for this phone, it would be the 8MP camera. It takes great pictures in good lighting, but isn't that great in darker settings. The auto-adjust feature works well, it takes nice pictures, but it isn't the best camera on a smartphone that there is.

I am a Windows phone and just got this phone.  It is an awesome phone for under $100 with a 2 year contract.  I advise anyone to give this phone a try.  My wife got one to start, and after I started to use it, I like it so much I went and got myself one.  I broke contract with Sprint to do this. I was very disappointed with them for not getting new Windows phones, and their signal stunk where I lived.  AT&T is getting a lot better signal and I am not dropping calls.  I strongly recommend to anyone, especially those just getting into the Smart Phones. Very much a user friendly interface as well as I have several friends parents that have gotten this phone and they had no problems using it!

I have a iphone 4s it works well for me, and from all the pro apple and nokia hate I have heard on cnbc from Jim Cramer, I almost did not consider this phone for my wife. Thank goodness I listened to her, We saw it and bought it, and love it, what a wonderful breath of fresh air this system is! I hope we all have this phone and operating system as an option in the future, seems to me they are going to come up with some wonderful and interesting things. I am telling my friends, this value phone may be the phone of the people.

I've been a WP7 user since the first day and love the OS.  I've had the Samsung Focus and the Focus S and now the Lumia 900.  The Lumia looks great, has a decent screen, and LTE speeds if available in your area. It also is the first WP7 phone to have visual VM which is a huge plus.  Overall, it is a very good phone.Despite its attributes, it has some shortcomings that may cause me to return to the focus S.  Firstly, the screen, while nice, falls short of the Focus S Super Amoled Plus screen which has more sub-pixels, nicer colors and a smoother finish.  The Lumia screen has a rougher finish which makes swiping less fluid and which also renders the screen an awful, just about unacceptable, fingerprint and streak magnet.  There is no keeping it clean.  Some sort of protection film will be a must on this phone which I hate because they always reduce screen quality. The capacitive touch screen is slower and less responsive than the Focus S.[The following is solved with a case - see "update" below] Although sleek, the phone doesn't seem to fit as nicely in your hand and makes one-handed operation more difficult as the sleek polycarbonate body is slippery.  This would likely improve with a rubber case which I was hoping to avoid on a phone this attractive.  The volume rocker, power and camera buttons along the side could use better feedback as they feel a bit too shallow.Most importantly, the camera is inferior to most phones.  I'm not sure what's going on, but the reports of the camera being dark and grainy are true.  I suspect an update may help here as the camera should not be this bad on paper.The biggest plus here of course is the WP7 OS.  Overall, if you haven't had a WP7 phone before, the OS is so good you're in for a treat and will be overjoyed with the Lumia and my rating for you is 4.5 stars.  However, if you are looking to upgrade your existing WP7 phone which you are generally happy with, I'd hold off to see what is coming from Samsung later this year.***Update***I purchased the full black gel case from AT&T.;  Yes, it's too expensive at $20, but it's a gem.  Fits perfectly, doesn't alter the appearance of the phone and has a full cut-out for the steel bezel for the Carl Zeiss lens on the rear.  It makes one-handed operation very secure and gives better feedback for the buttons and rocker.  However, I also bought the Moshi black screen protector.  it's a bust and I will return it.  Although it did totally eliminate the fingerprint issue, it came at the cost of viewing quality.  Despite being billed as anti-glare, it renders the screen completely unviewable outdoors which is a strong point of the Nokia's screen in the first place.  Even indoors it reduces the viewing quality since it is very thick and produces a hazy effect.  Finally, it severely limits the viewing angle.  Try another brand.

Seriously, you cannot buy a better smartphone at this price.  I purchased mine at my local corporate AT&T; store for $99 during the pre-sale.  I received the phone on Friday the 6th and as someone who has had Blackberry's, Windows Mobile (old versions), several Android devices and even tried an iPhone for a while, this is the best phone I have ever used.The phone itself is solid, well built and has a great feel to it.  It is heavier than some other phones, but that is actually a good thing.  No plastic feel here.  The screen is a nice 4.3" inches which to me is the sweet spot.  Not too big yet not too small.  I think the iPhone's screen is a bit too small and some of those 4.7 inch screens just are a tad too big.  My previous phone is a HTC Inspire which also has a 4.3 inch screen. It is also is easy to read and see the screen in the outdoor sunlight.  Something my Inspire struggled with.This is actually my first Windows Phone 7, so I am new to the whole OS.Setup - A breeze!!!  No need for instructions or looking online, this was very intuitive. Email setup with my Corporate Exchange server was as simple as putting in my email address and password. Magically, everything started syncing, contacts, email, calendar, task, etc.  I also setup my Gmail and Hotmail accounts within seconds.  I saved all of my photos from my old phone to a MS SkyDrive account. Log in to your Windows Live account on your phone and everything is there.  No hassle, no mess, no worry.Apps - Yes, the reports are true, there are less apps in the Windows Marketplace then on Google's or Apple's.  Before deciding on giving this phone a chance I checked the Windows marketplace to see what apps I would miss if I did move.  There are some, but nothing that was a deal breaker for me. Your mileage may vary, and I recommend you do this as well before jumping into a Windows device.  Most of the major apps are there for me and in fact, some are so much better on the Windows phone.  They take nice advantage of not only the Live Tiles on the home screen but the apps seem more integrated into the OS.  Check ESPN, Fourquare, CNN, and some other major apps.  You will be pleasantly surprised.OS - I was absolutely surprised on how much I like this OS.  It is just better than Android and favorably compares to iOS. It is fluid, fast and very responsive.  Gone for me is the constant lag of Android and the same old bunch of screens with icons.  It may not be for everyone, but if you give it a fair shake, I think most will like it. The integration with Office and the ease of email setup is fantastic.  The onscreen keyboard beats any keyboard I have used in Android and the iPhone.Phone - Obviously, this is a phone so that functionality is important.  I actually really liked my Inspire and I am a fan of HTC phones, but I found myself constantly dropping calls and lately it seemed to get worse.  I also was doing hard resets on the phone every couple days (turning off, battery out) just to get things working again. With the Lumia 900, areas where I knew the calls would drop because they always have, did not.  The call quality is great.  People on the other end of the line say I sound much better than I did with the HTC.  I also had a maximum of 2 bars of signal in my home with the HTC, on the Nokia I get at least three and sometimes 4.  I also have yet to drop or miss a call on the Nokia, something I was so used to happening on the HTC daily.  Speakerphone is loud, louder than the HTC which is great when driving.  BlueTooth setup took seconds in my car and I was able to play Zune through BT onto the car audio system easily.  I am new to Zune as well, but they seem to have a great selection and I could only find one band not on Zune that was on iTunes.  Obviously iTunes has the edge here, but Zune is no slacker.Battery - Inspire - max 5 hours before it has to be charged, and this is typical of most android devices.  This phone has gone on for over 13 hours without a charge and still has juice in it.  This week during work will be more telling of the actually battery performance, but it is much better than the any Android device I have used.All in all, this is a great phone and one I can recommend to just about anyone.  Would I recommend moving from iPhone to WP7, maybe, maybe not.  Depends on how much you like the iPhone.  The iPhone is a great phone, no denying that but for me, I prefer a larger screen, and until the iPhone 5 comes out with a larger screen, its just not for me.  Would I recommend moving from an Android device to WP7 -- absolutely. Give it a try and you might like it better.  Android has its strengths, but WP7 is more polished and faster and just works better.This may be the phone that gives Microsoft and Nokia the push they need to become a contender.4/10/2012 Edit:  Took the phone off the charger around noon today and have used it moderately today (couple calls, facebook, twitter, streaming about 1hrs worth of music off Pandora, very few SMS messages, about 200 email messages and about 40 replies, WiFi radio on all day, but no connection so cell only).  It is now 12:23 am and I have 62% remaining on my battery.  SO 12 hours and more than 50% of my battery remaining. On my HTC the same usage would drain the battery down to 60% in about 2-3 hours or less.  No more tied to a charger constantly during the day.

I got a Nokia Lumia about a month ago from AT&T.;  After two weeks, it completely fried and the data was not retrievable.  AT&T; gave me a new one, no questions asked.  After two weeks, it will no longer charge.  All it gives me is a Battery Critically Low symbol.  The hardware is dreadful.So I'm off to trade in for an Android.My advice:  Don't buy this phone.  Wait until Microsoft finds a hardware platform without all these production problems.

Coming from using iPhones (3GS, 4S) and Droids (HTC Inspire), I can't gush enough about how superior this phone is. I've owned this phone for close to a week now, and I have to admit that initially it took a little getting used to, the good news is that like an iPhone it's pretty intuitive to learn the features. For me the real power of the phone is in its ability to aggregate data from multiple places and present it all in the one place with the minimal number of touches to access it.I have a number of accounts with various services; facebook, linked in, hotmail, gmail, outlook exchange for work etc. Adding each of these accounts to my phone was incredibly simple. Once added the OS does an amazing job of organizing things in a intuitive way. Want to find a photo? Just go to 'pictures' and voila, I get a list of photo albums with sample photos from all of my different accounts in one place. It doesn't matter where the photos reside...on my phone, from facebook etc. You can do the same with notifications, someone commented on a facebook post, I have a new text, I only need to look at my phone even when its locked to know what's going on.A week later and I feel like it's features like this that put me in control of my information and make life so much easier. I'm not stuck in my phone digging around open and closing applications, a quick glance and I'm up to date.I feel like this is a game changer from Microsoft, Nokia and AT&T.; Here are my top reasons for loving this phone:1. The windows phone 7.5 OS is really well designed, for instance when you go to photos, it aggregates your photos from the phone, facebook, gmail, hotmail, linked-in and any other accounts you might have all in to one easy to navigate list of albums. All features on the phone just make stuff super easy, I feel like I'm finally in control.2. Setting up accounts is a snap3. Live tiles show you updates without having to launch apps4. The battery lasts about 36 hours under heavy use (my droid lasted less than 8)5. The photos, video and screen are higher quality than an iPhone 4S6. It's effectively free until April 21st![...]7. It's blazingly fast(4G LTE) and incredibly smooth.I will admit that the phone is a little bulky (especially with a case) and that there aren't as many apps as iPhones or Droids (there's more than I expected all the same). Netflix rocks, the only app I really miss is Mint (finances), but I'm sure that's in the works.Buy one, you won't be disappointed.

Title says it all. Very well constructed and feels just right in the hand. Beautiful blacks, and the OS works very well. Nokia is putting a lot of effort into specific apps -- much more so than Samsung.

I purchase from local AT&T; for $99.99, but Nokia is giving a $100 rebate to phones purchased by April 21st.  I have the Nokia Lumia 900 now for 3 days and it replaces my Blackberry Torch.  I am thrilled with the design of the phone, it is light weight with smooth curves for easily holding in one hand.  This is a solidly built phone with Nokia quality.  The windows OS is very easy and friendly to use.  I like the flexibility of setting tiles to activate my favorite features which have grown to be many tiles.  I have arranged the tiles in my preferred sequence based on usage.  This phone has a great camera, that is easily accessible with a side button.  Camera features are easy to use with zoom displayed right on screen.  Switching to video and recording are intuitive and a breeze to use.  I love the AM/FM radio that allows me to listen to music and news.  The applications Nokia provides - Nokia Drive GPS , Nokia Public Transit to over 80 Cities, Wireless Transfer of Contacts from your old phone are well thought out and necessary.  There is much more offered and I am still learning, if you have thought about upgrading to a smartphone, this is the perfect opportunity to get a great phone and if ordered by April 21st it is virtually FREE with the $100 rebate.  I would buy this phone even without the rebate.  This phone is crucial to Nokia and Microsoft in their quest to compete with Iphone and Android - Much credit has to be given to Nokia and Microsoft for bringing us a truly amazing phone.  Social Networking is at the heart of this phone not to mention the business background that Microsoft has introduced with MS Office applications.  Gamers will love all the Xbox games and there is more.  Do some research and get yourself a phone you will be proud to hold in your hand.  I almost forgot that this phone is a 4G Lte phone with blazing speed on the internet with a larger 4.3 screen for easy reading.  Hope you will enjoy this phone as much as I am..PS: I have not lost a call even while listening to music while receiving calls, call ends and music starts playing.  I love it!!

Excellent Quality Phone, Stunning looks, Nice OS, Alternative to IOS/Android. Joy to use for beginners and power users alike.Looks as if a few reviwers here are giving the phone 1 or 2 stars have not even used the phone or are completely biased to iPhone or Android.Rest assured, you cannot go wrong with this phone, contrary to what these people say. The build quality is top notch and has great head turning looks. The Windows Phone OS is excellent and a good competitor to IOS and Android. I own this phone and i'm coming from a Galaxy S2, IMO this phone is better and more fun to use. You won't be disappointed.

The phone lacks a lot of features found in most other smartphones even my old 2009 phone that I replaced with this had. There is no TV-out, not even component TV out yet alone HDMI or VGA. It does not play back 1080p video or record it either, not that it matters anyway since the screen resolution is very bad on this phone which also makes small text unreadable. Photos uploaded to facebook are low resolution and there is no option to change this. You have to connect it to a PC to upload high res photos.Add to that the fact that there are data connection problems with this phone and I have to say that I'm not at all happy with this phone. The only positive was the fact that it didn't cost that much though I did have to sign a 2 year contract for it.

Nokia has always made the best mobile hardware, at least until Apple started making the iPhone.  I would definetely say Nokia has lived up to their reputation with this device.  Other than the iPhone, I don't think there is another phone out there even close to the 800/900 in regards to build quality.  And visually, it stands alone in my opinion.  Very beautiful.  Windows Phone 7 has come along way in less then 2 years, I hope they can keep improving but, right now, I think this is the best phone on the market.

The most stylish smartphone in the market! Along with the brilliant design, comes with lightening fast LTE. Impressive. Liked the scratch resistant screen that had sharp and crispy display. With $50 tag for this beauty,I am sold.

I have stuck with Nokia because they have the strongest antennas on the market. This phone is no exception, but it gets a little tiresome when I have to turn it off and on every morning or it freezes up and won't call in or out. Also the battery life is no where near what they said it would be and I am NOT big into all the battery eating features.

I have had the latest android, skyrocket galaxy s, and I also have an phone 4. The Lumia is by far the best phone I have used. I am in love the platform and OS that Windows is using. I am not a fan of Android and iOS was the best in my opinion, the windows OS has impressed me.  The 25 gb sky drive ( cloud) is my favorite feature. It uploads all my photos and docs directly to my iPad.Best phone of 2012.

I switched over from my iPhone 4 (not s) and I must say that I like this phone so far.Here are some random pros/cons.Pros:- Fast and smooth... and good looking, got mine in Black.- Offline navigation/map available via Nokia maps.  Meaning I can go anywhere in the world and not have to worry about data!  This is awesome!- Fast network in my area, including using my phone as a hotspot.- I like the active tiles, I don't have to launch the app to see what happened.- Screen looks good in/outdoors.- Speaker sounds really sharp.Neutral:- Camera, same as my iPhone 4.  All smartphone cameras need a boost in quality.Cons:- Resolution could be higher.- Good amount of apps/games, but hopefully many more are on the way.- Charge it from the top, not great for a dock, but screen does orientate.All in all, for $100... or $0 for me... it's a steal, in my opinion.

Great phone by Nokia.. excellent 4G speed.. sleek body.. black display is really awesum.. Only 16GB but do have 5 GB of skydrive space.. Good call quality.. Integration with most of the social network is really helpful.. Integration with office.. excellent battery life(till now and expecting best as its Nokia).. OS is great.. no crash or hang till now.. Couldn't ask for more ... Thanks NOKIA for a great phone..

This is the best phone I have ever used.  I had the Iphone when it first came out. When the Iphone battery died I got a samsung captivate. A few months later I got a Dell Venue Pro (Win7) and I would bounce back and forth between the Droid and Win7.  After a few months I parked the Droid and used the Dell Win7 phone full time.  It was just a better os.  I purchased the Nokia lumia 900 on day one and I am blown away by this phone.Pros-Great screen with really rich colors-Silky smooth.  It just never glitches-Nice Nokia apps-Very high end looking.  It's a good looking device-Good camera. It is a hair below the Samsung camera but still very good with a good flash.-Great sound and my callers hear me well-More than enough apps on Win7 platform.  It is not the number of apps it is the quality. I have what i need.  How many weather apps can anyone actually use.-Good battery life-Ability to pin your destinations on your start page.  My wife and I went on vacation and we just googled our destination, clicked get directions, hit the pin on the bottom and it pinned and named it and put it to the start page.  When you click it on the start page it starts your directions.  Just tap the screen and it tells you what to do next.  Made driving around a strange town very easy.-Voice activation works very well-The screen is actually recessed just enough so that if you lay it face down it won't scratch the screen.-Great Twitter and Facebook integrationCons-I don't like the power button on the side of the phone-I had to wait this long to get one...

This phone is just amazing. Most of the CORE things we seek in a SmartPhone are so fluidly built into the OS itself that you don't need many apps. For the ones that don't exist like Pandora, I use wpFANDORA, which is awesome.The NOKIA Build is just amazing, as compared to iPhone when you hold it and start using - just feels so solid and svelte. My favorite is the Live Tiles which show information without having to open and close apps one after the other - this definitely save a lot of time. To boot there is fluid integration with 25GB free storage on SkyDrive which actually make the overall storage to 41 GB. I can see all my albums from SkyDrive in my picture hub, which is one of my favorites. Also the camera is freaking awesome, if you are patient and learn how to take shoots. Only Anandtech took the time to review to the Camera on this phone and write a thorough review. I am not disappointed at all.

As the title states, this is the best phone that I have ever used. The social media integration is perfect, the phone is blazing fast (due to OS, not hardware), the battery life is better than advertised (I get about 7 hours of heavy use) and the UI is both beautiful and easy to use. To top it off, the screen is amazing! Despite the 800x480 resolution, the clear black display with the super AMOLED screen is vibrant and does not wash out in the sun like other phones *cough*iPhone*cough* do.I had initially heard reviews saying that the Google Apps integration was no good; I would like to say that those reviews were wrong. The phone works perfectly with my Google Mail and Google Calendar, although it does lack the features of Android in terms of Google Docs and Google Play support.Furthermore, the phone looks slick! The soft polycarbonate case looks more professional than an iPhone and has a design that trumps most Android alternatives with its curves and amazing build quality. With how sturdy this phone is, I am not afraid to drop it even without a case.But, that is not to say the phone does not have its flaws. Despite the hype about the "Carl Ziess" lens, the camera is not as good as others I have seen on phones. Still, it is among one of the better phone cameras available.Also, the Zune Marketplace is lacking in apps when compared to that of the Android or iOS market, but most of the "staple" apps are present such as Netflix or Spotify. I had to pay for a good YouTube app though.This brings me to another issue, the Zune integration of the phone. Honestly, I hate both the Zune and iTunes software. I prefer my phone being mounted as external storage like and Android device so that I can choose what goes on and off the phone and where rather than having to go through extensive syncing processes. This is more of a personal preference rather than an objective issue with the phone.My last complaint is the lack of support for EAP-TTLS networks. This prevents me form being able to use my works secure WiFi connection and means I have to use the slower and less secure open network if I want to use WiFi. Oh well, at least the phone's 4g speeds are faster than my works secure network :)Ultimately, despite the slight flaws the phone has, I can say that I have enjoyed using it more than a previous iPhone and Android phone. It is fast and intuitive which leads to enhanced productivity and has all of the features one might want for a great multimedia experience.

I bought this phone from Amazon and have no regrets. This phone is amazing. I am now thinking if the previous reveiws having one star rating are phony ones. I have no doubt 100s of them who have rated this phone 5 stars are genuine.This is The Real Phone guys! Its not a toy like the iphone that has not really that many functionalities apart from third party apps. Its not a copycat like Android that has lots of stability problems and only partial of apps work on their phone models. And for the number of apps, Microsoft/Nokia have 75k apps already. Really someone feels its not enough? And yes it doesn't have some main apps like Instagram and Pandora. I tried Instagram on one of my friend's Android phone and never felt I miss it. I tried Pandora as well on a differnet phone and I don't miss it either as Microsoft has Zune music streaming and Nokia is soon coming up with Nokia Music.For people who wants to stick with iPhones and Androids - 'So long beta testers!'

I have the phone for 2 days now. This is my first smartphone but I have seen fair share of android and apple phones. It is very fast and smooth. For the price I paid, the phone is just unbelievable. I am really impressed. A happy camper here.

I've owned this phone for two months now, and I'm still in love with the thing. Here's what I like about it:Both hardware and software are beautiful.The hardware is rock solid - both in terms of performance and physical attributes. It is going to take quite a beating before it breaks. And it never locks up - not once. That in itself is jaw-dropping - this is the first phone I've ever owned (and first MS OS hahaha!) that hasn't locked up periodically.It's ridiculously fast and smooth. I can't get over how quickly and smoothly it performs its tasks and scrolls from screen to screen and app to app.AT&T; LTE - holy crap it's fast. It's like being on my home Wi-Fi everywhere I go. DO NOT purchase a phone without LTE.I'm definitely in love with the Windows Phone 7.5 operating system (my first Windows phone, btw). It is a phenomenal mobile OS.I also purchased a Cyan Lumia 900 for my wife. We got in on the $.01 Amazon deal, plus we got the $100 per phone credit from Nokia. Financially this was an awesome deal, but to top it off we both agree these phones are the best we've ever used. To say we are happy with our purchase is an understatement. I knew the phones would be pretty nice, because I had checked out WP 7.5 in a T-Mobile store and I read good reviews about the 900. But I did not expect to have such a glowing review of the phones two months after purchase.The only complaint I have with the phone is that the camera is pretty lousy indoors. Well, as long as you have good lighting, the pictures are pretty good. Outdoor shots are incredible, and the auto-fix feature really cleans up the shots nicely. (If you already have a 900 and don't use the auto-fix, TRY IT OUT. It does wonders.) But in medium to low light indoors - meh. You can also see a pinkish spot in the middle of the picture when shooting anything with a white background. If the camera didn't perform so well outdoors (where I seem to take most of my shots anyway), I would rate this camera as a 2/5. But with the excellent outdoor shots, I think it's safe to rate it as 3.5/5. For me personally, I rate the camera as 4/5, since 90% of my pictures tend to be in well-lit situations where the camera does a great job.The end.

I have 20+ years working IT and am currently a System Engineer for a software company. I have owned a smart phone since the inception and have used and supported all types.  I have had all iPhones recently and bought this WP 7 on my upgrade because I liked the Windows 8 consumer preview so much. Let me say at least twice the battery usage compared to the iPhone.  The display blows away the 4S, the camera is equal or better.  I love the controls having no problem with their location. The media has already attacked the phone for these issues.  The phone runs cooler and is way faster.  Most of the reviews I have read by the so called experts are not even close to being accurate.  The only negative I can even think of is that yes there are less applications available RIGHT NOW.  The apps that are available are quality apps. 98% of the apple apps are crap anyways.  I use my phone as a tool and not a toy so maybe the lack of apps doesn't bother me as much. The Office apps and Sky Drive are incredible and FREE.  25GB FREE space. You never have to worry about loosing any pics or docs.

I have to say that I wasn't sure how this phone would perform, but after I got it and activated it, I found it to be pefect. I love the Windows Phone operating system. I really like the size and feel of the phone. Very glad I bought this Nokia phone! The 8mp camera works great too!

I upgraded from iPhone 3GS and I must say that I have been very impressed with Lumia 900 so far. This phone is a looker and feels nice in my hand. I was initially afraid that 4.3" screen would be too big for me but I pre-ordered it anyway and I'm glad I did :-)The WP7 OS is slick and silky smooth. My favorite feature of all is the People Hub. Facebook and Twitter (the two things I use most) are nicely integrated into People Hub. I no longer have to jump back and forth between Facebook app to Twitter.For those that bought a black one because of it's professional look but want to have/feel the charm of the white Lumia 900, I would recommend a white case I recently bought thru eBay [...]Here is how it looks on my phone. It adds some thickness but it ain't bad at all.[...]For those that are still not sure if Lumia 900 is for you, I would suggest that you go to one of the AT&T; stores and play with it for some time. It will not disappoint.

I'm the owner of Lumia 800, which already would get 4.5 stars from me but then I had chance to use this phone 1 week and I can tell that this is the best mobile phone I have ever used or even tried.Outlook is awesome, design is marvellous. Phone is working very fast and I like WP OP system.So this phone is definitely worth a buy.

I have no doubt this phone will last until it's time to upgrade and then some. It feels solid and looks good. I came from using webOS which I still love; iOS and Android weren't my thing, but WP7 makes me happy. If you aren't tied to Google or Apple yet, or if you're unhappy with what you have, I strongly recommend getting this phone.

I purchased one of these only to take it right back to the store a couple of days later.  First of all, the Windows Phone OS is an ugly monochromatic mess.  While fast, it is confusing, switching from the ugly squares to a list that you have to scroll through to find your "app".  Secondly, the OS is severely limited compared to what you get on Android.  It lacks customizability (you can't even change the desktop picture), it hides essential information as often times, I can't tell how much signal or battery I have at a glance as this information just disappears.  Also, the browser that comes with it is very slow in loading pages, and doesn't accurately display many web sites like other phones do.  As far as apps go, it is a virtual wasteland vs. the competition.  The app store is dominated by fart apps, misogynist "boob" apps and assorted poor clones and knock offs of popular iPhone and Android stuff.  Lastly, the phone is just boring.  I used it for just a few minutes and was just struck by how little it does and how uninteresting it is.  The tile concept is trumped by Android widgets, applications load slowly, scrolling in third party apps is jittery, and on and on.  I would suggest people stay far away from this phone specifically and Windows phones in general.

I admit that it took a couple days to get used to the differences between iOS and Windows Phone, but after a week using the device I love Windows Phone. Its simple to use, in some areas simpler that iOS (I was also shocked). But there are fewer apps in the marketplace than on the iPhone :(But overall, the phones design is amazing. It looks sexy, and a lot of my friends have been coming up to me and asking to see the phone.I use my phone to study from now that I got MS Office on my cell phone. Really great for last minute reviews, and also for preparing for presentations.Also, i know this is ridiculously lazy but a great small feature, some wont care for it, is the ability to use the cell phone to control you xbox. hahaha, for when your xbox controlller is too far away. hahahahaha :)There is a link somewhere to a website that allows you to previous Windows Phone on iOS and android devices, make sure you try it out before buying.

First,I love my phone.  My first phone ever was a Nokia (the one from the Charlie's Angels Movie), then I switched to the Motorola Rockr (first phone with iTunes that I could find), then to the Samsung Blackjack I and II, and I've been an iPhone user ever since then.  I've had my Nokia Lumia 900 for almost a month now, and I love it.  The UI is beautiful, and very easy to navigate through, and I love having a dedicated "Back" and "Search" buttons.  The phone has a great screen and feel.  The $99 price is amazing, but I thought I found it for a steal on Amazon Wirless.  I knew that I'd probably have to deal with some hassle for getting $50 off the price, but I was expecting the usual, having to wait on shipping etc.When I ordered my phone I received the usual emails confirming my order, then the next day I received an email that asked me to call customer service about my account (apparently my current texting plan with AT&T; was not compatible with the new phone).  I spoke to someone and explained that I wanted to keep everything the same (I still have unlimited data), but would change my text plan to unlimited as well.  They ended up activating my new phone (which had shipped on a Friday, but I wouldn't get it until Tuesday) on Saturday.  I was basically stuck for the weekend without a phone.  I dealt with that, but when I finally received my phone AT&T; had changed my data plan.  I had already spoke to both AT&T; and AmazonWireless and they assured me that it would not change.  I had to get it switched back again.  Then the voicemail was not set up, I had to call again to AT&T; to get that corrected. THEN my phone DIED!  I apparently had received a defective phone and it would no longer hold a charge after a week of use.  I called Nokia, went to the AT&T; store, but ultimately had to call AmazonWireless for a new phone.  That phone was shipped on a Friday and received on Monday, another weekend without a phone.  Ever since my phone has worked wonderfully, it was super easy to get all my contacts set up again (using Google's Exchange settings) and I still love my WindowsPhone.  I have not had any other troubles with the phone itself.I would completely recommend this phone and even service from AT&T.;  If you choose to buy the phone from AmazonWireless, just know that your data plan will probably change, and any problems with your phone will probably need to go back to AmazonWireless to fix because they are not set up for returns at AT&T; stores.  They are VERY new to the wireless game, and their customer service is nothing like Amazon's usual customer service, I have never been treated so badly.  If I had it to do over, I'd spend the extra $50 and buy it from an AT&T; store.

Ok so, I do not want to write a large entire review here, I do not know about you but I do not like reading those. So here it goes, this phone is simply amazing! I have had phones from all the major operating systems 3 iphones 1 android and now this is my 3rd windows phone. THIS IS MY FAVORITE PHONE EVER. Now then next part I say I want you to keep in mind that I have a case of OCD and when I squeeze the phone very hard, in certain areas (sounding ridiculous already isn't it?) there is a very slight creak and even rarer, there is a slight movement (how this is possible with a unibody polycarbonate body idk!). However despite the creak which at sometimes can be heard normally, I still feel I could throw this phone at a brick wall and the wall would break! But now you can see the types of things that bug me, I mean im sure that if any phone is squeezed very hard in the right places then there will be a small creak. So when I say that besides that (and any other person would not even notice it) there is absolutely nothing wrong with it. It is perfect and I absolutely love it! (I have also never read of the creaking on any one else's review so either there is something wrong with mine or im just crazy! or both!) Either way you cannot go wrong with this phone it is just absolutely amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Goodbye iPhone, Hello WP7.  I have gotten sick and tired of my iPhone, and the 900 is a breath of fresh air.

First, let us get this out of the way: I did buy my Lumia 900 from Amazon. I AM a verified buyer.Now to the phone, very satisfied.Pros:gorgeous screen (the black is really stunning)very very smooth OSsleek UIBlazing fast networking (LTE)Cons:A little bit big if you have small handsAll in all, the best smart phone I have used (yes, including the laggy Android phones and the tiny screen iPhones).

Former Webos user switching over to Windows Phone, and I must say I am very satisfied with this phone thus far. I originally thought the phone was a little too big however it has grown on me. The build quality seems exceptional and the hardware runs the OS smoothly. Also, apparently people who bought the phone before April 21st will get a 100$ credit because the phone is having a minor software problem(which is supposed to be fixed by the 16th of this month). So yeah, with that being said I think it is a great buy.The one minor quirk I had with this phone was with the syncing of contacts from gmail even though gmail is supposed to be fully supported(I believe). All my contacts were sent to my phone through gmail however no phone numbers appeared(as a Webos guy I'm used to contact merging working instantly so this was a little annoying). But yeah, after a few hours of researching and frustration I found a fix that seemed to work. However a few days later I noticed that 5 of my contacts all had the same phone number listed, and as such I had no idea who I was calling/texting as the phone would give me one of the five names when receiving a text or call. I went into my gmail and those five contacts indeed did have the correct numbers but for some reason my phone merged them all together. Needless to say I just changed the 5 numbers on my phone and synced up again with gmail and all was well. Luckily it was only 5 contacts because if it was 50 or so, it would have probably been a deal breaker for me. Hopefully this problem doesn't keep happening, because that could also be a deal breaker for me.

With "battery saving" feature ON this phone lasts for a 2 days which is really awesome. It has all the apps I need, so a great value for money. I really like this phone.

Update !! April 13th.: Laid hands on own Lumia 900 y'day. To sum up the topics I raised in my first review:I took my phone to AT&T; store to activate without going through the activation process mentioned in the e-mail from Amazon.I was able to keep my "unlimited data plan" and "200msg" without changing anything.  It was great to save $80 by buying the phone from Amazon. Now I will wait to get the $100 credit from Nokia :)The setup was breeze and I used "AT&T;" contacts/pic transfer feature on the phone. They have a 2GB limit to transfer the contacts and pictures/videos - 1 time. I transferred from Iphone (downloaded the app.) and was able to reload back to Lumia 900. The app. is preinstalled. It took me less than 5 minutes. Note: The contacts get downloaded as part of "windows live id contacts" - i.e. if you go into "People" tile - you can filter the contacts by "Facebook", "windows live id" etc.One thing that made me unhappy is that Lumia has no "label edit" capability in the contact profile i.e. it has "mobile", "home", "home 2", work etc default labels but I cannot edit the name and cannot add "mobile2" if I would like to. AT&T; mobile transfer got all information from my iphone which were labeled "mobile" or "home" but if there was more than 1 mobile - the info did not transfer.Setting up e-mail accounts - yahoo and work was easy. Gmail account is giving errors - [...] error(85010017). It looks like many people are having this error - Lumia, HTC, even Ipads to some extent. Something I believe is going wrong at gmail servers. Hope it gets resolved soon.Playing with the screen, settings and apps was fun. Downloading the maps on Nokia drive was quick too - u can download each state individually. Ring tones are awesome. Some might not like the "font" size but it was awesome for me reading my e-mails and browsing explorer. The visibility is great and you don't need to strain u'r self to read the information. It might take some time to get used to swiping up/down after being used to swipe right/left on Iphone.Overall I'm very satisfied so far except for letdown at few instances. I'm hoping future s/w updates will take care of "label" issue and gmail synch problem.April 11:The phone was amazingly slick during my testing at AT&T; store. The screen colors were vibrant and I was bowled over by the windows operating system. I spent about  hour with the phone and there was no looking back. I hope to spend more time on the phone and give a technical review once I lay hands on my personal phone.  Maybe I will update my "star rating" once I start using the phone more but for now it's definitely a 4.0 star phone(wish the size was little smaller - other than that I don't think I can compalin). Personally, I believe "Black" is a better choice for regular professionals and Cyan is for those who are in marketing/advertising/college world - bright and catchy.Here's some quick info for who are about to upgrade -I have unlimited data and 200msg plan and I wanted to stick to this plan. On AT&T; website I was given the option to continue using my existing plan if I bought the phone there and similarly the option was available if I walked into AT&T; store.I bought the phone from Amazon yesterday mainly due to the incredible offer of $20 for the phone. Unfortunately on the Amazon website, you don't have the option to select your existing plan. I spoke to Amazon rep. and was told that they had no control over the plan and I was more than welcome to change back to my old plan if AT&T; honors it. So I did select a 3 GB plan.I spoke to AT&T; representative at customer service and at AT&T; store. They promised me that I can change back to my old plan within 30 days even if I opted for 3GB plan on Amazon. They said my phone is not activated until I call them and walk through the activation process after I receive it from Amazon. During this process I can request to continue my old plan. I really hope this works else I plan to return the phone to Amazon and buy it from AT&T; website. I will know it tomorrow/Friday. Will keep everyone posted.I believe everyone has heard about the software glitch (loss of 3G connectivity at times) in the phone - it looks like Nokia is giving $100 credit directly on the bill no matter where you buy the phone - AT&T; or Amazon for all purchases before April 21st. They are planning to release an update on 16th. This works out great for me as now I will get additional $80 dollars for activating the phone on Amazon :)I have to commend Nokia for being proactive in addressing the issue. As a product engineer I understand there might be glitches once released for production - especially considering the complexity of the software. Atleast they are being honest about it and providing compensation instead of giving "Zune " gift card / saying it's normal to have this issue like Apple did.  I hated it when they just casually said that I should not hold my Iphone 4 in a certain way to avoid losing the signal or that I should buy a casing. Ridiculous!!I look forward to enjoy my Lumia 900.

Easy to Use, Quality product..Not to mention that it catches the eye of everyone that sees you using it. Well done Microsoft and Nokia!

When my three year old Nokia 5800 finally bit the dust, it was time to get an actual smart phone (no phone with a Symbian OS can properly be called "smart"). This phone is extremely easy to use, very pretty, and has more than enough processing power for my non-power user needs.  The display is very good and the Windows 7 layout is intuitive.  The build is extremely solid (as always with Nokia) and the phone reception is excellent (ditto).That being said, do not buy this phone unless you are willing to go the entire Windows Live route. There is no way to directly connect this phone to your computer, except to use Zune for your media. Personally, I've been unable to crack how to sync my calendar from Outlook to Windows Live,so it cannot get to my phone. It seems (according to the Internet scuttlebutt)that it is not possible unless you use a Microsoft Exchange server.  So I have a modern smartphone that can't even access my datebook.A bigger problem is the battery life. With everything turned off except cellular access, and without using the phone at all, the battery life is 8-9 hours.  Simply leaving Wi-Fi on (not even browsing) cuts this down to about six hours.  This is unacceptable. It hardly makes sense to have a "mobile" phone that needs to be tethered to a charger.But if you're someone who already uses Microsoft's web apps and is never away from a charger for more than a few hours, I think it would be hard to top this phone.UPDATE:  After a little more than a year, my opinion of this phone has definitely improved.  The battery life is now excellent.  No, I have no idea how that happened.  The present battery life with WiFi and GPS turned on is much better than it was before, with them turned off.  The previously useless GPS (which was also useless in my 5800) suddenly started working well after 6 months.  The pool of apps is getting better, too.  Change from 3 stars to 5

I went to the local AT&T; monday evening to pick up the Lumia 900. The phone works great its very fast. The battery life is good from what I can tell.  I previously was using an iPhone 4S and needed a change. iOS is awesome but its nice to see a unique UI design.  The interface actually grows on you, I've found that I can do things faster on the Lumia than on the iPhone.The only thing I dislike is the limited 16gb of storage. Offering a variety of storage sizes would be better.  The LTE is great, the connection over LTE is faster than Wifi.  (13.63 vs 12.45 Mbps).

highlights: fast lte (real 4g)large screen.long battery life. full days heavy use +.easy to use.dedicated camera key. no need to unlock.all the necessary apps.people feature.nearby feature.offline nokia maps and navigation w/ maps and voice for ever country.cons:no skype, its even owned by ms.

I have been an iPhone customer since February 2009 beginning with the 3G and ending with the 4. It was time for an upgrade on my plan and I debated between the Lumia 900 and Galaxy S2. I must say the reviews of the Lumia sealed the deal for me. The look and feel of the phone is pleasantly surprising. I had alot of predjucices thinking there would be lag when opening apps or moving around the phone. I thought it would be cumbersome to type on the phone as I had developed a 6th sense for the iPhone. However, all of the preconceived notions where laid to rest when I put my hands on the phone. It is extremely responsive and typing text messages is extremely smooth. I was most impressed by the fact that this phone felt very "complete." My complaint with the iPhone now is that it was focused to heavily on apps only. Everything revolved around an app. The Lumia with Windows Phone feels like a complete computer so to speak. You click on one tile and it opens as if you were opening a program on a PC. Within that tile you have so many options to access so many other things. It doesn't have that micromanaged feel of there being an app for every single thing you want or need. Some reviews complained that is has a single core processor. As I said earlier, the phone has no noticeable lag that would be associated with a single core. Everything opens quickly and never have I experienced a hang. The built in speaker is almost too loud and that is a compliment, since it shows its ability. I cranked it up to 30 and it was actually so loud it was annoying. I do agree only partially with other reviewers about the camera. Outside pictures come out beautifully and taking photos is literally a snap. I also saw no delay between pushing the button and capturing the photo. I took a picture of my Sheltie in total darkness and the picture came out awesome, surprisingly I know. However the weird part came when I took a picture setting in my car. It wasn't completely dark or light and the pictures continuously came out blurry. It is like there isn't a good in between. The flash in total darkness turns photos out great and the natural sun light of being outside turns pictures out great but artificial light atleast for my photos didn't agree with the phone. There is one other minor quirk that can be turned off but too me is over used and that is the vibration. Everytime I do anything on the phone it does a short vibration, not a big deal but perhaps it could be tweaked for only important times rather than everytime. The interface is absolutely beautiful. You don't simply have screens full of jumbled apps. Phone calls are clear as a bell and cell reception is what it should be for my area. One other minor complaint would be the "People" tile. My contacts in my phone are merged with all of my friends on Facebook and I have yet to find a way to separate them. Perhaps there is a way, I just don't know yet. I don't associate with the people on my Facebook friends list as much as I do the people in my phones contact list so it is only a minor annoyance. I am definetely sold on Windows Phone and Nokia and highly recommend this to iOS and Android. Current promotion on this phone is a steal anyway. Hopefully Microsoft doesn't abandon us early adopters come October when Windows 8 is released. Would be awesome to update from 7.5 to 8 at that time.

I am in love with the phone on day 1 seriously. When was the last time I loved something on day 1 (besides my girl:)).The only thing that I find that needs to be improved now that I am transitioning from the Iphone4 is the App market. I used a lot of financial tools llike Yahoo Finance, CNBC, Chase Bank, Discover Bank, scottrade, fidelity and 21st century apart from the avaiblable Bank Of America. I also used United Airlines, Pandora, di Radio, Opera, Starbucks,  the tomtom nav (was really good cause of the integration with the phone), Zynga games, instagram, ADP.The other part that I would have liked them to have is a better quality camera. But I am not complaining too much there but still.In the end, I love the lumia 900. Am sure the App Market will get better. Not sure if Phone can get better though.

Just checked it out at the local ATT store. I came out very impressed. The screen is very responsive and the colors are soo vibrant. Coming from an iPhone 4 user, I would have switched it then and there if only my contract were over. Actually, I will be due an upgrade this fall and the Lumia seems destined to be my next phone. Personally feel the iPhone screen is a tad too small for browsing while the Lumia's screen seems perfect.

I have been using this phone since last 3 days now and overall I am happy with this phone. The Windows OS is nice and the hardware is very sturdy and feels solid. I like this form factor of a 4" screen too.In any case, I have come across couple of issues so far:1) During a phone conversation, I hear from other side that they hear an echo and my voice does not feel natural. I have ample signal at home and office, so I don't think that is an issue. After reading through external forums, I heard that it might be a known issue with this phone. I did lower my volume down to 6 or 7 out of 10. This improved it a bit, but still not perfect.2) I have been using this phone since last 3 days now, and on 2 out of 3 days, my phone has overheated and my battery life takes a hit. Yesterday, I had to plug the phone in the charger after about 8 hours of usage. During those 8 hours, I might have used the phone only for an hour or so (for mails and stuff). I rebooted my phone atleast 2 times yesterday, but still the same behavior. It just starts to overheat after some time.I think I may be the odd one out here and I might have a defective piece. I am sending this one back to Amazon and will ask for replacement. However, I will be sure to test the next one out in detail, before keeping it for sure.Overall, as I said above, it is a fantastic phone. I would have loved it more if these above issues did not exist.Edit: 4/26 - Finally I was able to work with AT&T; on this issue and it seems that the phone was defective. Amazon Wireless promptly replaced the phone and the new one is working good so far. AT&T; and Amazon have provided very good service on this and I am very happy with the new phone I received.

Unboxing, initial configuration and getting the device to run have been smooth.The wall charger is very impressive. Small round design with a USB to micro-USB cable. Going with the industry standards, is always appreciated. Connectivity & Charging is a no-hassle game.Setting up the Windows Live account - smooth.Setting up Gmail (this is my primary email & and I want all my Gmail folders to push sync with my phone like on the Droid) - 3 step instead of 1, but I again appreciate the way Microsoft/Nokia have this configuration.To setup Gmail to sync your contacts, calendar & inbox is easy - just choose the Gmail option in the add account screen, tap in the username & password and you are ready to roll.But to have all your folders push sync'd- choose Outlook in the add account screen- tap in the email address & password. tap in "sign in".- it will fail and prompt for domain. tap in "gmail.com".- it will fail again and prompt for server. tap in "m.google.com".- this will create your account. Get into the account settings & change the "download new content" setting to "as items arrive"... and you are done.- Installing/setting up Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, Kindle, Whatsapp, Tango, Netflix, Office, X-box live is a breeze. I love the Need for Speed games series running seamlessly on my phone.Apps----Do not be in haste to install all the apps you can find. Its true, there is a lot of crapware in the Windows Marketplace & I seriously hope that Microsoft mops up the mess. Using appropriate filtering like Top Free, Top paid, Featured will help. Also the "App Highlights" application details some notable apps. The Nokia apps are also well designed to work on this phone. The Nokia Creative Studio almost replaces Instagram. But as far as the camera is concerned, the auto-focus function need to be improvised. Surely a software/firmware update will fix it.I am not liking the Zune software to sync music or other content with my phone. I like to better manage using the file system than using a software (Zune) layer. I mean, the phone should show up on the computer (WindowsPC in my case) as a USB drive. But, I am sure to find a workaround soon, like bypassing the iTunes for my iPhone.I have been downloading, installing, configuring and messing around with this phone non-stop for over 6 hours now & the battery is still going strong. Too early to comment on the battery, but with Nokia's reputation I have no doubts of this one spicing up an entire day.Hats off to Microsoft & Nokia.

Sleek and durable like all the Nokias I have owned in the past. It has already survived the deadly two-year-old drool and drop test which killed my iPod. Can't wait for Windows 8.

So I've had the Nokia Lumia 900 for a week now and I am happy to say that this phone is phenomenal.  If you've used a previous Windows Phone then the same applies to this phone.  If you've never used a Windows Phone then I will say that it is more impressive in person than on paper (or computer screen.)  You really need to see the phone in action. The Live Tiles come alive and give you information about their respective apps.  They animate and flip around and are beautiful and informative at the same time.  Anyway, back to the Lumia.  The Lumia 900 is looker.  The phone is sleek and unlike anything on the market. The screen is 4.3 inches, which is pretty big, and is SAMOLED with clear black technology.  Basically that means it's easy to see in direct sunlight.  The screen has a resolution of 840x400 which is not as high as the top Android and iPhone display.  But in all honesty it still looks awesome because of the way the colors pop on the SAMOLED screen.  When you see the phone in person you won't give a damn about it being 840x400.  It still looks awesome.  The Nokia apps that are available for download from the Marketplace (app store) are very good, especially the GPS app called Nokia Drive.  Make sure to get that one.  Free voice guided GPS!  The camera is good, but not iPhone4s good.  It's still a good camera especially in day light.  It struggles a little in low light situations.  Windows Phone has a built in Auto-Fix feature that will automatically fix the pictures if you find the picture inadequate.  It works very well.  In the app department some say that it's lacking.  While there aren't as many apps as on iPhone and Android there are still oround 80,000 and counting.  Most of the popular ones are on Windows Phone but it's missing some key ones like Words with Friends, Draw Something, and Instagram.  There are alternatives in the Marketplace that are similar to these apps.  Some apps like Pandora and Youtube have 3rd party apps that are just as good as the real deal.  In my opinion the app situation isn't as bad as the internet portrays it to be.  Unless you really need a specific app that is not on Windows Phone then it shouldn't be an issue.  All in all I am super happy with my Lumia 900.  It's the best Windows Phone on the market and arguably as good as what Android and iPhone have on their respective platform.  Two thumbs up!

got my Lumia 900 1 week back and i am really happy to say the least....i already used an iphone and android with ICS..OS: its fluid...thats the best term i can come up with to describe it...WP7 is i think in the usability perspective on par with iOS and even better in facebook integration...and way ahead of Android...Hardware: agreed its a single core...but trust me..keeping all the marketing dual core stuff aside, the phone is fasst..and more than sufficient for our use...Price: its a steal...and its a beauty...i got a black one...i love it...also the cyan ....really want both ;)Apps: good collection...sufficient for most of our needs...conclusion: Phone's a winner...worth trying...give it a shot...i am sure you will love it...

After using this Lumia 900 for a while, we really loved its below outstanding features on GPS and Voice assistance."Free Offline GPS":  easily install from marketplace->nokia selection->nokia drive.  I suggest every Lumia user try this on the first day, which is unique premium for nokia user, than other windows phone makers.here the best things is, for merely 200mega, we could download an offline canada map. (also has full usa, even europe, asia map).  Then when using GPS in rural area without cellular coverage, you will "never loss".  Is this important? well, try to go to some far remote national pars, nearly all of them have no 2G, 3G coverage."free and ultra powerful voice assistance".  Not kidding, although nokia never promoted such feature.  If you are a Lumia user, have you ever ever tried to long push window button? Try it.  It will prompt rapidly an bing voice search.Actually not only online search, it will do first search phone directory.  So calling other person is easy, just by speak that name to voice assistance.Right now the only thing I think lumia 900 need to improve is to further integrate its voice assitance with nokia drive feature.  A small pity for current being.

I love the phone and Windows 7.5. They could make it perfect if microsoft would adopt some Blackberry security features.

I have a 10 year old unlocked Nokia cell phone that I have taken with me around the world. It just works everywhere, finding signal where others can't and producing crisp, loud sounds at my end and transmitting the same quality to my fellow caller. It is also sturdy and holds a charge for what seems to be weeks. My experience with this little Nokia is why I was so happy to hear they were returning to the US market with the Windows Phone OS. I purchased a Samsung Focus when Windows Phone was released and have really come to admire the OS. Based on my previous experience, I was prepared to ditch the Focus when the Lumia 900 was available, but I wanted to hold it for myself first and see if that legendary build quality and design was still something Nokia could pull off.Before I go further, I like the Windows Phone OS. It is clever, intuitive, and fun to use. I think this OS is second to none. As much as I like Windows Phone, lots of other people have written lots of other words about the OS. This review is about the Lumia 900, the phone.After using the Lumia 900 since it launched, I can safely say that Nokia still knows how to build phones. This is an outstanding device. I live in an area where AT&T; has yet to provide LTE service, but I have no complaints at all about the pseudo 4G service I do receive. I've used the phone throughout the local AT&T; coverage area and I routinely have great signal strength. I've had two dropped calls with this phone, but in each case, both me and the other party were in moving vehicles when that happened. I can't tell which of us may have been responsible for losing the call. Receiving volume on the phone is very good. I've heard no echo or delay effects and had none reported to me. The volume on the ringer is easily heard even in noisy settings. It is also a pleasure to listen to calls on the speakerphone. Again, there is ample volume and nothing raspy or harsh about the sounds the speaker produces.  I've read criticism of the vibration generator in the Lumia 900. Some people say it feels harsh, even mechanical. What I've noticed about it is that this is a vibration you will notice when you have to have the ringer turned off. In a shirt pocket, even a jacket pocket, you will notice the vibrator. And that is the whole point isn't it?The unibody design of the phone creates a feel that is a real pleasure. It is not slick or slippery at all. It is certainly heavier than the Focus S or other Samsung models, but I've discovered this added weight, combined with the matte finish, assists with gripping ability. The phone feels solid and real. There is nothing ephemeral about it. The great sound quality I mentioned above and the robust volume fit perfectly with the heft and feel of the device.Years ago, Nokia was known for putting the power button of its phones on the top of the device, while most other devices used a long press of the call end button to power down the phone. Nokia has evolved away from that standard, but has come up with a new approach that appears all its own.  All of the buttons on the Lumia 900 are on the right side. This is certainly different than the approach taken by many manufacturers. You may not like this but I think this approach works very well. Just grabbing the phone out of a pocket, you can easily tell its orientation without looking because all of the buttons should be on the right. The dedicated camera button requires a much firmer push than either the power or volume rocker. This helps prevent accidental shots inside your pocket or purse.Nokia provides an ample collection of nice apps with the phone. Nokia Drive is an outstanding on and off line turn by turn navigator. This program is head and shoulders above anything available on Apple or Android devices. Other Windows Phone device makers customize their devices with apps as well, but compare Nokia's offerings with say, the HTC Hub or Samsung's NOW. There is no contest. If you aren't interested in a navigation program, there is a transit app, a photo studio app, and lots more.I am very glad that Nokia figured out what it does best is design and market phones and has left the OS work to someone else. In the pre-smartphone era, they were my manufacturer of choice of my cell phones. There are good products out there from other manufacturers, but having Nokia back in the game in the US means good looking, well built, solid, and high performance devices are finally available to smart phone buyers.

This is THE best phone I have used so far, Windows 8 would even be far better than this, the metro UI is a refreshing antidote to the mess of icons in iphone. Can't wait for window 8. too bad the lumia can't be upgrade to the 8. I would be very morose if I were forced to go back to my old fashion, tired looking iphone.con: no micro sd slot, non-replaceable battery. hope nokia or other manufacturers will remedy this in window 8.

The user interface on the Windows Phone is more intuitive and cleaner than the iPhone.  Press and holding down on an icon to gets you a context menu.  The "Back" button allows you to navigate back a page just like a browser.  Holding down the "Back" button to see a list of apps running and reopen any app on the list. It just makes sense.Integration with Windows Live allows me to easily update my calendar, contacts from my desktop and see it everywhere desktop/laptop/phone.  I can also sync Lotus Notes from work to GMail and have it seamlessly integrate into the phone's calendar and mailbox.  Work calendar entries can overlay on the same calendar color coded for work versus personal calendar entry.  It's really a great OS.As for the Lumia 900, it's fast/very responsive.  The screen is bright with great contrast.  Try watching Netflix on this phone at 4G LTE speed on this large screen and you'll be pleasantly surprised.

this phone is amazing i have been proud and happy owner of a lumia 900 (black) since they were release i havent had a single trouble with it i do wish it had abit more memory but oh well thats what skydrive and unloading stuff on ur computer is for. wp7.5 is an amazing OS way better than any of the other two and with all the goodies that nokia throws in at u like nokia music the maps transit and so on just makes it even better... but i would recomend u get a case for just for little extra protection which isnt needed but could help if ur clumsy :Pedit:make sure you update it to 7.8 OS makes the tabs alot more customizable and yes i know we dont have millions and miliions of apps like droids or the Ios people but why u want a thounsand apps that do the same. but anyways im still loving my lumia still perfect condition even after dropping in a few too many times

Just loving it. I wish I had gotten the cyan but they were unavailable. Best part is with the $100 credit, the phone will be free. Woot!

I love my new windows phone! I have been a fan of the iPhone since the first one came out. I can line up my collection of every iPhone model (except the 4s). It was going to take a lot to get me to change teams, and this is the device to do it! I tried the HTC Evo when it first came out, but it was so clunky and Android seemed like an endless maze of clicks and menus to perform any task, and the UI was just so ugly!This phone is sturdy, fast, clean, functional, and innovative! Apple products have become too mainstream and boring. This is something fresh and new and I can't wait to watch the platform mature.Things I love:* Integrated contacts (the concept that a person is a person, not a Facebook person, twitter person, etc)* Integrated messaging* Zune subscription (download all the music I want into my library for a flat monthly fee)* Live tiles!! (so much better than static apps, I can see the weather and stocks on my home screen!)* Voice control! (with the Bluetooth in my car, I can listen and reply to text messages without ever taking the phone out of my pocket)* Quick, snappy, clean UI, beautiful, smooth animations* Next appointment and message counts on the lock screenThings I'd like to see:* Ability to disable auto-rotation* Custom text tones for contacts* Battery Percentage on the status bar* A way to view past notifications* A few apps I miss from my iPhone* Better MultitaskingI know I listed a lot of "complaints", but those are very minor in my opinion and can all be fixed in future software releases. I've been using this phone for almost a week and I'm already in love and convincing my friends to make the switch.

This is my second Windows Phone. Prior phones were Samsung Focus, HTC EVO, Iphone 4, 3GS, and 3G. So far, no complaints. I really the WP7 User interface. The software is extremely fast and response is fluid. There are still a few apps that I wish were there, but it definitely isn't a deal breaker. Office and SkyDrive integration plus Local Scout is amazing. I wish there was a way to do a screen capture. Apparently. that feature was not a priority :(. I do wish this had a removable battery, because I used to keep a spare with my Focus. The battery life seems to be pretty good so far. The voice quality is the best I've ever had on any phone. Calls that would constantly drop on my Focus, or Iphone(s) maintain a strong signal without any drops in the usual suspect areas.

I've used it for about a couple of weeks.Easy to use, fast, outstanding screen and well built. Battery life is absolutely not an issue especially compared to other modern smartphones. Overall an incredible package. Nokia Lumia 900 is a highly recommended buy!

After having used every iPhone, two Android phones and a Samsung Focus, I wanted to try the Lumia 900.Nokia and Microsoft should be proud of this phone.  Not only does it feel as 'substantial' (weight, polish, build quality) as an iPhone, it is AS nice as the iPhone in form.  (I haven't found an Android phone that can compare with this one on build quality.)The interface is easy to learn and twice as fun to use.  Social media integration is simply top-notch and the ease of moving back and forth between applications and phone function is different but well-designed.The camera(s) are not quite on par with the iPhone but are more than adequate for casual photos.  Having all of the Windows Live services built in to the phone make managing those pictures as easy as Apple's iCloud.It's been said multiple times but it's worth repeating:  The ONLY issue is the lack of apps.  That is simply the only thing that makes Windows Phone less appealing than the iPhone.  There are enough apps and enough of those bigger apps (Facebook, Foursquare, Twitter, games, etc.) that make this much less of an "issue" than some would have you believe.There is simply something about this phone that makes it hard to put down.  It is well-built and beautifully designed.  And, most importantly, it is simply a joy to use.

I had this Lumia 900 since April 6, and every day I found the surprise about it's abilities. I can open and edit Microsoft files, GPS is awesome and it's free, many other features can't name it all....  Thanks to Nokia and Microsoft that made my life easier! I could have give you more Star but there are only 5.

I have the phone I love it, now Im buying stocks from the company today @2.90. Cant wait for the tablet to come out

As a current WindowsPhone user (Focus S) I'm very familiar with the software and the OS. Because both products run the software, I'll focus my review on the hardware and wow, this Lumia is built extremely solid!The phone is a bit thicker than the FocusS, and if you saw my review of the Focus S, I really didn't like the phone being that thin. It made it feel very plastic(y)and it was hard to hold (slippery). This phone's added thickness, solid one piece body, and the texture of the material just makes it feel great in the hand.The rear 8mp camera is pretty good. I was expecting to be blown away by it, but I wasn't. It's solid. I'm hoping Nokia has a software update to improve the color because the Carl Zeiss lens should take better pics (daughters iPhone camera slightly edges out the Lumia here). This is really the only minor complaint I have w/the phone. The front camera is fantastic. Everyone I Skype using the FFC can't believe the quality and clarity of the video chat. It really is impressive for the both the phone and for Skype itself.My initial thoughts on the screen were mixed (when compared to the Focus/iPhone)because the Lumia does have a higher saturation level. But after a few minutes of use and a few comparison tests those initial questions were gone. For one, comparing the Focus to the Lumia in bright sunlight is non-starter. It's not even close. The Lumia blows it away. It also beats my daughters iPhone in direct sunlight. Higher resolution would be nice (so i'm told) but I haven't found a use for it. I am doing the comparison with the FocusS (same resolution) and an iPhone4 (not 4s) so maybe if I had something to directly compare it to I would change my mind....but doubt it. This screen kicks butt!FINAL AND MOST CONVINCING TEST! - My 17 year old daughter plans to get the white Lumia 900 when her iPhone4 upgrade is available.

I finally gave up my old flip phone for a smart phone.  After reading reviews and looking at phones in the store I choose the new Nokia Lumia 900 because Nokia is reliable.  I LOVE IT.  It's very easy to use.  No manual provided but there is one online so you can research what you can't figure out.  It's very fast.  Other people who have i-phones and androids are amazed at the speed, set up and ease to use.  It looks great.  I've been calling, emailing, texting, checking facebook, accessing the internet, downloading apps and games.  I've even used the camera and uploaded to facebook.  So easy.  I purchased it at Costco for $69, free activation and a free accessory kit. Clarity and crispness is amazing.  Plenty of apps available for me.  I'm reading the reviews to find out what else I'm missing out on.  So happy I purchased this phone.  As you can tell, I'm not tech geek, just a middle-aged woman.  So, if I can use this phone anyone can.  Highly recommend this phone.  Still learning what all it can do so I'll be even more impressed each day.

I owned iPhone 3g 3gs and 4.once I got lumia 900,It's a refreshing.good looking,bigger screen,live tile,4g lte,Do I have  enough reason?

Got my Lumia 900 Saturday and love it. Internet browsing is lightening fast, faster than my home FIOS connection. The organization, layout and ease of use is remarkable. This is the sexiest tech product I have seen in a very long time and I go back to Commodore 64's.

I have the blue model, and this phone is great.  Everything just works smoothly and naturally.  Microsoft and Nokia have really hit this one out of the park.  Those new TV ads are right -- every other phone looks and feels like it was a beta test after you use one of these.  The camera is fantastic and the screen is gorgeous.  Web browsing is fast and smooth on LTE or WiFi.  The app selection is great.  If anything, I think the app store experience is better because you have to sort through less chaff to find the useful apps.  Last time I checked, you can't get WORDAMENT on the iPhone or Android.  The Lumia 900 is suited for everyone from basic users who only have a few contacts, to power users with lots of different email accounts & hundreds of contacts.

As a bit of context, I have an iPad 2 which I happily use daily (so I'm familiar with iOS) and have tried various Android incarnations on numerous phones (including the latest Samsung flagships) but found myself underwhelmed by the user interface.I'm a business user by day and so email functionality is important to me, but also wanted deep social networking integration and speedy web browsing; hence, I wouldn't settle for a 4g LTE-less iphone.So with that background known, let it be known that I'm in love my Lumia 900. The Outlook notifications are as instantaneous as push emails were on my old work Blackberry. The social integration goes waaay beyond just having a facebook or a twitter app -- it's woven in right with your contacts in the "People" section. Not only is web browsing fast, I tethered my laptop to the phone, ran speakeast.net's speed test, and discovered its 4g LTE speed is quicker than my home wireless network!It's all so seamless, smooth, fast, and beautiful.Oh right, the apps (or lack thereof) issue. Aside from Pandora (of which there's already a Pandora-like app, not to mention Spotify which is best on WP7), I haven't run into any apps that weren't available. Heck, even gmaps, a program that uses Google Map data, is better than "Maps," the apple program that uses Google Map data for the primary mapping application on the iPhone. This is in addition to Bing Maps and Nokia's host of several programs aimed at helping you get around. What I expected to be a deficiency in terms of app coverage instead turned out to be way more than what's offered on any other platform.So I think it's a safe bet to say that no matter what you're looking for, chances are you're still covered otherwise (see: aforementioned streaming radio example). As for the marquee name apps that are still missing from Windows Phone (i.e. Instagram), I think it's an equally safe bet that with the phone being the simultaneous #1 and #2 sellers on Amazon.com -- not to mention all of the positive reviews you're reading on this very page -- app makers will be forced to develop programs for this platform, lest they lose out on a burgeoning pie slice of the mobile market.Really, my only nitpick is that despite the well-deserved praise for its build quality (it's literally seamless and feels very solid... whereas if you pick up, say, a Samsung Galaxy Nexus it feels cheap and plastic-y) there's not really any grip to the polycarbonate case. It's not slippery, per se, but I'm worried I might drop this while, oh I dunno, drinking, considering there's only the smooth polycarb shell to grip on to. It would've been nice if some other, more friction inducing material were woven in at key grip points, but I suppose that would have detracted from the sleek minimalism of the phone. Minor gripe.Also, I wish the power button was on top. ...That's it. Those are my only complaints. A completely new phone with a new (to me, and probably to you) operating system and new ecosystem and my only gripes are "oh, I'm worried about dropping this when drunk," and "I wish a button was there instead of here." That should tell you something. Well, actually the fact that I'm often waaay too lazy (I mean "busy"...) to write reviews should tell you something, and here I am gushing over this dumb thing.I'm beyond pleased and wouldn't trade this phone for any competitor. I was hesitant about being an early adopter, but now and thrilled to have been one. Five stars all around.

This is a much better product than Apple's Iphone. Nokia has shown once again that it can produce very high quality products that are easy to use, affordable and nice looking. This is one of those phones you'll fall in love with once you see it.

best ever moved from Android, and can't be happier! really really good and amazing product. recommend it with lovegreat qaulity, and great price

Well, it's time to upgrade the old blackjack 2 that's treated me well the last few years. Disliking itunes, i needed to decide between wp7 and android. Didn't take long for me to choose wp7. Unfortunately (or maybe it's a good thing) there aren't too many high end wp7 phones available. I narrowed things down to the Lumia or Titan 2. I preferred the feel of the Lumia and gave it a shot.Having used it for only half a day now, i'm very impressed. The screen is gorgeous, and in my opinion, the perfect size. The pixels aren't as dense as on the 4s my wife has, but still very very good. I'm amazed at the zero lag with anything i've done on the phone... texting, adding contacts, adding accounts, searching, scrolling, panning... it's extremely responsive, just as much as the ios (in my opinion). Camera seems good, but not quite the same quality as the current iphone. But really, if i want to take solid pictures, i'm going to be using my DSLR not a phone, no matter which phone i have. I haven't even made a call yet, so can't comment on that. Battery life seems decent so far, especially for how much i've played with it today.The phone and it's OS are clear, simple, efficient and very effective at getting things done. I don't need my phone to do everything for me. What i do need my phone to do, this Nokia looks to do them great. That's all i wanted and so far am extremely happy with my decision. I'll update if that changes, but things look very good =) definitely recommend this phone and wp7!

Windows Phone 7 is a great mobile OS - probably the best out there.  But with hardware like the Nokia Lumia 900 it takes the entire mobile phone experience to the next level.  It's easy to use, looks and feels great and can do everything that a smart phone needs to be able to do.

I'll start by saying i am a developer who create application for Windows Phone, Android and iOS.That being said, for that reason, i own Smartphones from all Mobile OS.Windows Phone is, for me, an incredible joy to use and develop on.- As a user i find the OS crazily fast, stable and responsive. I am not even talking about the gorgeous and delightful UI/UX here.- As a developer, i think that the Microsoft development tools are probably among the best, if not the best, and most mature on the market.- Developing for Windows Phone is pain-free, headaches-free, fast and the Emulator is accurate.- You can get from 'Visual Studio / Windows Phone SDK Installation' => 'Deployment of first application' in almost no time. C#, XAML, Silverlight and XNA, all is there for your development journey, for both professionals and hobbyist developers.-Thats another market and potential buyers right there, in your pocket!!!Concerning the Nokia Lumia 900 device... just... WOW! If you want the best and most delightful experience on Windows Phone, the Lumia's line of devices is the way to go!Good Job Nokia!

Lumia 900 is stunningly beautiful. One of the best phone designs ever, rivals motorazrWP7 metro UI is Elegant and intuitive.Good form factor.Very snappy performance.

My wife has an iphone and my Lumia 900 is soooo much faster. I'm not kidding. You should check it out at a nearby store if you don't believe me. I also like the size of the screen. When I use the iphone, everything seems so much smaller. Another plus is the battery life. It lasts in average a day and half on average. I am getting a lot of "Which phone is that?" because of the sleek design (maybe b/c of the blue color).

I won't repeat all of the features/specs in the product description and reviews here, but I'll list the top 3 things I love about this phone:Viewable screen under a hot Texas sun:---------------------------------------One thing that has plagued essentially every smartphone I've owned is that I can't view it under direct sunlight.  This is true of my old Samsung Focus and a friend's new Samsung Flash.  We were at a car show and while I was tapping the screen of my Lumia 900 (with 8mp Carl Zeiss lens) and focusing and seeing what I was taking pictures of, he was blindly pressing his camera button and tapping his screen, in hopes that he actually took a picture.  Then, we wanted to see what the date was in 2 weeks.  He absolutely could not view his screen and see his calendar.  My Nokia was easily readable and we had to use my phone to look up a date, settle a bet on the amount of horsepower the Ferrari we were snapping pics of and find the closest Starbucks to redeem the bet. :)Faster than my Samsung Focus:-------------------------------We have an IP camera over the crib of our newborn.  I used to use my Samsung Focus as a baby monitor and 50% of the time, the app that I use would give timeout messages and or take a few seconds to start streaming a picture.  With my Nokia Lumia 900, not a single timeout message and the app streams a picture immediately (we know this because it displays the current hour-minute-SECONDS).  I double-know this because my wife also has a Samsung Focus and she has the same timeout issues.  3G (Focus)/4G (Lumia900) is not a factor because both phones use the same WIFI network in the house.Speaks Caller ID/Spoken Text Messages and DICTATION:------------------------------------------------------Okay, this may not be exclusive to the Nokia Lumia 900, but rather, Windows Phone 7.5 that bring spoken caller-id (can be turned off) when someone calls you as well as spoken text messages as part of the phone, not an app you have to buy. It's like having Ford Sync, without having to buy the car! With my great, but fairly inexpensiveSuperTooth HD Bluetooth Car SpeakerphoneI'll hear, "New Text Message from Bill G - do you want me to read it or ignore?"  I can say "Read it!" and the text message will be read aloud.  Then, it will ask "Do you want to call this person back, or reply or ignore"  I can then reply and dictate a text message and send back a true text message.Combined with a little peace of mind in a new phone case:Diztronic Matte Black Case for Nokia Lumia 900I really love this phone!

Okay, my wife and I moved into the latest smartphone by getting me this phone and her an IPhone4S.  We have shared phone and talked about our overall favorite.The winner is the Nokia Lumia 900, hands down.  Screen size, camera, WindowsMobile all are awesome.  I love customizing my tiles and am surprised that there is always an app when I am looking for one. The new look for windows apps is very nice and uses space well.The only con is that because it is larger and I have a case-mate shell on it, I can't seem to find a leather case for my belt.  I called the ATT store and they said they may have one thaat fits it with the case on.I have had it almost a month and it has never slowed down, crashed, etc.  Do yourself a favor and get this phone!

My first smart phone.  It is so easy to use I thought I was missing something after I figured everything out on it in about 20 minutes.  Good battery life as well.  Nokia/Microsoft has a big hit on their hands.  Went to 3 stores to buy one until I found a store that wasn't sold out. Great phone.

This is a very good phone. Finally free of annoying Symbian 'features'. I like Android phones, but I keep buying Nokia ones because of free navigation with built-in GPS with data transfer off - great overseas when using data would cost a fortune.

This phone is the bomb!Great integration with Facebook, when someone updates a number or address, my phone gets updated.  It works and works well.

I had a lot of doubt about picking my next phone coming out of Black berry. I finally bought the Lumia 900 from Amazon, great service by the way; when I received the phone it was a struggle to activate it from ATT, not fault of the phone, but ATT help desk were not trained well. I finally got the voice going, but no internet connection, called Amazon they told me to take it to ATT store to download software to fix the problem. I called ATT help line, woman had no idea what I was talking about, even I was more in tunned listening to news than her, well I hang up and called again, I wanted to make sure ATT would fix something that I had bought at Amazon, this time I got a technician that new what he was doing, he told me that I had not been activated properly by prior technician, after about 10 minutes my internet and everything else was working fine. By the way,the instructions do not say that you need to call ATT to be activated, and then ATT technicians don't know what they are doing. Bottom line, this is a great phone, but ATT and the instructions are to blame for the bad rap, at least that was the situation in my case. I am delighted with the phone, by far better than black berry, and I think the Iphone; I think it would have been perfect if it had better resolution, but that is not too bad, but not great. I think window phone is going to win the day at the end. Now after few days of use,I love and I mean I love this phone, Iphone seems antiuqe compared to this.

Cannot buy a smartphone for this price!I did not notice any Data connection related issue having bought this phone on the day of the launch and Adding to that Nokia offering the credit to make this a free phone! considering the cost to make this phone is $209 ;)! The phone is Solid, having been a long time windows mobile user/developer since 2004/2005, the Windows phone is refreshing and and easy to use and has a clean interface. There are still some customizations that are missing from Windows Mobile which i'm sure Microsoft will come up in a later edition as it grows! Absolutely love the phone, every feature of it! Way to go Microsoft and Nokia in making this phone!

Switched from iphone4 to this lumina900, it took me a little to get used to this setting.  this is my new mistress. My wifey is being jealous haha.

I originally purchased my Nokia Lumia 900 when the promo was going on with the $100 bill credit. This essentially made the phone free which is why I gave it a try. To my delight, this phone is problem free and very simple to use. Coming from android, I hate the lag and occasional freezing of apps. None of that here. Wifi connects very fast and everything works perfectly. This is a beautiful and well made phone that I will happily use for the next two years.

Update to this review after the announcement of Windows Phone 8:It was hardly a secret that existing Windows Phone devices might not get all the features of Windows Phone 8, especially the features that require different hardware. After all, you cannot upgrade the hardware on a phone. That said, there will be an upgrade for the Lumia, to Windows Phone 7.8, including the new start screen, flip to silence and other features that do not require new hardware (thus likely also Internet Explorer 10).Besides, this is really a non-issue to anyone but haters of Windows Phone, most of whom are probably Android owners bitter since only 7% of them have gotten upgraded to the latest version of Android (now THAT is bad upgrade policy). Windows Phone 7.5 (Mango) is a great OS as it is, and will get even better with the upgrade to 7.8. This phone is still beautiful and turning heads. I'm even seeing a benefit in not getting Windows Phone 8 on this device; then I have an excuse for buying the next Lumia version that's gonna kick even more ass!--Original review below:Got this phone a week ago, and have to say it really is all it's hyped up to be. The design is making everyone turn their heads and ask what phone it is, and the gorgeous screen with fluent Windows Phone showing off its beautiful Metro UI makes most other phones look ancient.It still takes a bit getting used to WP coming from Android, but my HTC Desire Z android phone has made me feel a strong resent for both HTC and android, being laggy, unintuitive and unreliable. Integration with Office is another massive WP benefit for anyone depending on the phone for work.The only con I have found so far is that the volume control is too loud at the lowest setting for some applications. I assume Nokia will fix it with an update, or that a third party app will fix it. And with Nokia and Microsoft's reputation for bringing out updates, I feel confident about being happy with this phone for a long time!

Alright, I am gonna write this review the way I talk and hope it helps people. Seriously I have been waiting for a very long time for this phone and no not a long time like a month or whatever I mean since it was announced last year. I told you that cause you have to understand the high hopes I had for this phone. I pre-ordered the phone at an ATT Corporate store of course since it was a pre-order I had to wait for it to arrive. Well the Friday before launch I got a special surprise in the mail! When I opened the box the first thing I snagged was the instruction manual.. j/k. The phone feels extremely solid, no give anywhere on device, unlike my Samsung focus that had a ton of creaking going on. The software which I have been using since launch day feels just as awesome on the beautiful Nokia Clear black screen. Blacks are black and colors are almost floating across the screen, amazing!Here are my gripes about this phone, the main camera while amazing has a strange effect. It has this ghostly shading in the middle of some white and grey objects, it can be distracting (I'm sure they can fix this with a software update) the flash is amazing but for some reason is a lil too hot. The front facing camera is amazing but for some strange reason flips your image around when it saves which is strange, (I never had a front facing camera on a phone so it could be normal but I don't like it). Before your like well forget it I love taking pictures and now I don't want this phone. Hold your horses! The Camera is actually AMAZING! on most circumstances it takes very clean detailed pictures and has a great macro mode that is shockingly great! The front camera can let you video chat in almost complete darkness ahaha it was kinda funny cause I skyped (Skype beta available if you bing search it) with the lights off to see if it worked and my friend was surprised as I was!Final thoughts, this phone is just a pleasure. Everything is quick, fluid, attractive and solid. Other than the few hiccups with cameras I have nothing negative to say about this phone. I'm sure the app store obsessed people out there are going to say hey what about the fact that Windows Marketplace only has 1/10th of the apps of other app stores. Yes its very, very true and yea I do wish it had more apps but the ones they do offer are much better than other app store versions. Not to mention more are on the way. At 99, or 49, or 0 dollars this phone is an amazing buy and everyone should seriously check it out.

The Lumia 900 offers a great look and fascinating experience. In the two weeks that I've owned this phone the biggest issues I've had is the lack of alternative media players and the fact that Audible STILL hasn't released an app for it.That said I'm wiling to give Windows and Nokia a little bit of space on the issues above because the product is so polished. If they haven't opened things up a bit in their second and third generation devices it will be time to knock off some stars.

First off, this is the first smartphone I have ever owned so I can't compare my experience with other phone OS's.Quick Bullets:Negatives/Improvement Needed - Hardware:- Phone rattles around the camera lens when vibrating, slight annoyance but not too big of a deal.- Metal on back of camera scratches very easily- Feels like if it were less thick by 1mm it would be a lot sleekerNegatives/Improvement Needed - OS:- Can't check/receive Facebook messages if you're chat status is set to Offline (must go in to the facebook app)- Games can lag a bit when advertisements load (probably more of an app issue than phone issue)- Wish there was a native PDF reader as Adobe's app is not smooth/fast- Doesn't have every app under the sun but its getting better and fast- When searching Bing images, I really want to be able to swipe to the next image but you have to go back and tap the next one- Must use Zune software for media management, I wish my computer would just see the phone as a storage device.Positives Hardware:- Large and vibrant screen, I have no issues with the resolution at all.- Dedicated camera button that can be used even when the phone is locked- Solid camera, wont blow you away but gets the job done. Get to know the different camera settings and you will get very good results- Solidly built [...]- Proximity sensor: the phone auto shuts off the screen when the phone is near your ear.Positives OS:- Social network integration with everything--- MESSAGING HUB: set facebook chat status. CALENDAR HUB: see facebook events (birthdays included) and every detail about those events (details, wall, guests attending). PEOPLE HUB: consolidates facebook, twitter, linkedIn, and windows live for every contact automatically. PICTURE HUB: Access pictures across social networks side by side with pictures you have saved on your phone.- Live Tiles--- PEOPLE: You can assign people to different groups and pin that group to as a live tile. Just a quick glance at the screen and I know if there is any new news with my friends accross ALL social networks. CALENDAR: Displays next meeting/appointment. NEWS/WEATHER: I decided what apps I use almost solely on how good the live tile is at displaying information I want.- Skydrive Integration: Auto-save pictures and documents to the cloud for backup.- Smooth OS, rarely lags, very intuitive.- The phone is so people-centric that I don't even need to use the Phone Hub which brings up previous calls, dial-pad, etc. I just have the people I call most pinned to the start screen.- Silent updates: I have been following Windows Phone news closely since my purchase and updates are made to the OS without user intervention.- Local searches: Here is something I can compare with other phone OS's. Want to find information about a business? Windows phone is very efficient at it, just hit search and enter the business name. Bing will search based on your location and give you an address, phone, directions, and reviews in about 3-4 taps. None of my friends iPhones/Androids can do that.Conclusion:I have had the phone for about a month and I don't think any other phone could make me happier. The pros blow the cons out of the water for me and I can't wait to see what is in store when Windows Phone 8 comes out. The Nokia has the best design of any of the Windows Phones and feels the most durable. The OS is smooth and you DON'T need an app for everything which is very nice.At this point in the OS game for both mobile and desktops, it seems to be all about preference. Nothing is superior to anything else, its just what you want. If you want to tweak every little thing with your phone, get Android. If you want every app that exists and to use an app for everything, get an iPhone. If you want an efficient OS with social integration, get a Windows Phone.

I decided I wanted the Lumia 900 right now. I resolved that it was silly for me to wait for a new operating system that will cost three times as much up front and will remain just as expensive until spring of next year. So I gave my Android a rest and so far am extremely glad to be using this phone. It feels good to have given support to Nokia. They are innovators, but not the slickest marketers (which is why they're hurting, but I really believe they can bounce back.) What Nokia lacks in hot air, they make up for with pretty solid (albeit barebones) GPS navigation and fast, responsive hardware.The Windows Phone 7.5 platform is an exceptional experience for me, despite some organizational and customization quirks. I almost stuck with Android for another two years but had the chance to go into a store and try the Lumia 900. If you are wondering how it works, find out yourself. I'm able to search the Internet incredibly well with IE/Bing (and Google of course.) The voice and optical recognition software are great touches. The resolution looks fine. The single core processor powers the device very well. The specs don't look wild on paper, but the thing moves along swiftly and the OS is not a totally nasty battery pig. Nokia's camera is intuitive and useful - macro settings, exposure settings, white balance etc. Long press and hit auto-fix to adjust light balance on the low light shots... works nicely along with the other Nokia imaging software available in the marketplace (and the new app Fhotoroom, which is also free and pretty incredible.)What strikes me is how this phone has a 4.5 star rating on the average from so many people. Satisfied customers usually don't go out of their way to write a phone review in such numbers, the usual top-tier exceptions aside. The prospective Lumia 900 buyer at this point has a choice between listening to the market-savvy expertise of those who do not own the phone and what actual users have to say. The experts say wait for Windows Phone 8 or give dozens of reasons why Android and iPhone are currently better choices. What I chose to do is support Nokia NOW, and the phone team at Microsoft as well. The Lumia 900 will not be outdated until 20 months from now when my contract expires. It is working incredibly well and should continue to do so if all goes peachy. Applications will remain on the market for when I need them, and I'm sure the 7.8 update is going to be just fine. I'll aim to give an update about the update a few weeks from now in the comments.I can't tell you whether to buy the 900 or wait; all I can say is with this many satisfied customers and the good bargains being offered, I did not care in the least about guru opinions regarding the next greatest thing. I care about having a product that I stand by. I stand by this. I'm surprised how much I like the Windows Phone platform - I never thought I'd get excited about anything by Microsoft, but I am excited about this. You might be surprised as well; see for yourself how this phone operates. By the way, reception and call quality? Yes, it performs really well on those fronts, and the phone interface looks especially excellent.

What can I say? It feels great in my hand, the display is lovely, with LTE it's blazing fast, and with the 5gb data plan I can use it as a wireless hotspot for 5 devices.The only problem is, ironically, the camera. Hopefully the minor white-balance issues I'm experiencing will be fixed with an update.

Got this phone from a local AT&T store earlier in the day and haven't kept it down since then :-). Set up was very easy and quickly I was able to set up all my mail, social networking accounts. The concept of LIVE TILES is just plain fantastic. I downloaded a Stocks Application and all of my stocks relevaant information is dynamically displayed on the Live tile icon without needing for me to actually open the application. Just too good!! Same with Facebook feeds. As soon as someone posts on my wall, I get a notification on the Facebook live tile and so don't need to actually log on and keep on refreshing my account. There are so many other things I am liking about the phone and the OS. The text is super crisp and the phone really looks nice in your hands. Took it to office today and sure it was catching the attention of everyone. If you are in for aa Windows phone you just can't beat Lumia 900 and Nokia absolutely has a winner here. The camera is also good and clicking reasonable quality pictures. I am already synced to Microsoft SKYDRIVE and sharing easily with my friends and family. AT the introductry price I think this phone is a STEAL!!! Thx Microsoft and Nokia for creating a winner here and something more refreshing than just seeing old plain static icons.

got my blk Lumia 900 last Friday through preorder, and tried these 2 Drive over the weekend.Nokia Drive is so smooth, accurate, fast and with great detail, even better than my Garmin 900. the speed limit alert works just perfect. the best part, it allow you to pre-load maps for the state you are liveing or will be travelling to (from wi-fi), so it will be free/fast on your way and all the way (even places with no wireless data), while iPhone/Android GPS will rely on data communication, slow, unreliable and cost tones of data usage. this is a killer that top all half million iPhone apps.the SkyDrive is a real cool cloud service that comes together. it not only easily store pic/video/doc, (uploading is so fast, 85 M video, done in 1 minute). it can also let u controll all the Apps installed, help you locate where is your phone if you misplace it, and even allow you erase all data / setup in your phone if it cannot be retrieved.what a great Drive!a little more background info, do you that for most of the data driven phone Apps (need data from none-http / none-browser mode, it is windows server MS .Net applications' web services that are serving up the data? (php is not up to delivering webservice and Java servers are too much trouble to set even a simple web service while MS.Net are born with this modern tech of webservice). chase.com web banking is done with .Net on windows server, I was heatbroken when I saw chase site only serving iphone/android apps (even though their default mobile is working just fine with windows phone). with all the cool technologies Microsoft developed for the servers, they deserve a piece of market share on the phone.

The phone has great price with awesome features. Windows Phone is very fast and having office and outlook makes life much easier! I love it..

Some reviewers are suspicious because first time reviewers are giving this device 5 starts.  Well, I am giving it 5 stars and this is my first phone review.  Why?  Its just that good of a phone and I felt the need to chime in.Windows Phone OS has matured, all the features and apps are there.  With Windows 8 around the corner, this is the time to ditch the lameOS's and get ready for the future.  Don't believe me, stop in and try one for yourself.

This thing looks amazing. The best smartphone built in ages.I like the true Offline navigation option, along with the fully supported Nokia MapsThe color options are amazing. Feels good in the hand.I bought two Lumia 900s one in black for me and one in cyan for my wife.

For the price sale, its simply one of the best smartphones out there, super fast, decent battery life, Windows phone 7 has really changed the way microsoft used to be, I don't believe this is a Microsoft product, I can easily say that this is even more beautiful and user friendly that iOS and it has some customization as android does. I loved the way it is integrated with facebook. Best phone hands down!!

So i have been a long time apple fanatic. My whole ecosystem is apple. I was very reluctant to get this phone but, let me tell you this phone is amazing. It takes some getting used to coming from a different OS but spend some time with it and you will be up an running in no time. Blazing fast will smoke my iphone in just about any task. Screen is beautiful and easy to see in daylight, If you have a mac just download windows 7 connector and you can easily put pics,podcasts,music and whatever else you want from itunes in no time. The only reason im not giving it 5 stars is it still missing some apps and the selection is not that great, having said that there are still plenty the usual suspects to choose from they may have a different name you just have to take some time to find them. This is definitely the OS of the future with next next update to WP8 this thing is gonna be a force to recon with.

I'm a former bberry user, so not a sophisticated smart phone user. I thought the phone was simple enough to understand, and I am very pleased with the text suggestions that populate above the keyboard as I type. Also, I think the app marketplace is more than adequate. However, the phone camera seems extremely low quality given all the press it received, the internet browser fails to accurately render some elements, selecting a particular part of a text string to edit is difficult, and the hard case/size seems awkward to hold. Also, I see an odd static-looking screen for a split second whenever i unlock the phone. I just upgraded via att but think I'll exchange before 30 days. Hope this is helpful.

Well, this was not expected. I purchased this phone for the wife but wasn't sure if she'd like it as she's not into technology. As of last week, she didn't want to get on the smartphone wagon as she deemed them too complicated to use. As some reviewers have stated, the OS is so simple that she doesn't seem to be able to stop playing with it.  The biggest benefit for her is that, and I quote:"I don't have to do anything to see what everyone is doing!, I can just look at the home screen".  Well, good for her.  Also, I guess the read-text feature is also a plus as she's not one to use a blue-tooth device while driving-hence why she never picks up the phone or answer calls until she's able.So, since she's not likely to post any reviews I figure I'd do it for her to provide good feedback for both future/prospective consumers and manufacture alike:1)Phone seems to work great (I guess we received one of the units not affected by current network issues)2)Screen resolution looks great. I'm not sweating 1080P or HDMI connectivity here. I'll reserve those expectations for my TV3)From what I can gathered from her, reception is better at her work.  Full bars compared to her co-workers' 2 bars (IPhone 4s/Droide phones)at the same location. "Keep in mind she didn't mentioned what carriers her friends were using, so for all we  know she works close to an AT&T; tower".4)Taking a picture seems to be easier for her, although I can confirm the the auto feature works best while being in the outside environment vs. indoors. I'm not sure if an update can fix that so I supposed I'd wait.5) Local scout seems to be a winner for her as well.6) Volume level seems to be good.7) She's not into Apps so I guess that from her point of view she's fine as all she needs is her banking App.Conclusion:Bottom line is that beauty is in the eye of the beholder, so I can't say that it is better looking than my IPhone, although it does feel more rigid so dropping it by accident should not be cause of alarm. My IPhone on the other hand...She's loving it, so I'm loving it.  And With the pending $100.00 credit I'm loving it even more as it turned out to be free. Although there is no sense in letting her know that. ;)Although I'm pretty sure the build quality and OS functionality will not disappoint anyone, features and overall existing ecosystem might be an issue.  Please review carefully for what "matters to you" as an individual so you can "educationally" vote on the pros/cons before committing to a purchase/contract.I really hate to see negative reviews about things that based on spec sheets where not available to begin with.Let's remember to keep the reviews objective and not follow any Manufactures blindly.  Make them about "YOUR" experiences.Bottom line is that to any company, being MS, Apple or Android, we're just consumers and all they're after is our money. That's why they're called "BUSINESSES". Let's return the favor and hold them accountable for promised features to keep the market fresh with new innovations and better customer service going forward.  Competition is key!Thanks,

I have never wrote a review on Amazon before, but this phone was so good that I felt I had to do my part to get the word out not only about this Nokia phone, but Windows Phone in general. This is the best phone I have ever had, hands down! I love the way Facebook and Twitter are integrated so deeply in the phones OS. I also never knew how great the Windows Phone platform was. I've been wanting to switch from the iPhone months ago but never liked any of the android phones because they looked real plastic and weak. Most of the people that see my Lumia phone are not only blown away by how great the phone looks, but how impressive the Windows Phone OS is. The phone is very responsive and after a week of using it, I have not had any issues thus far. I'm really glad I waited for this Lumia phone. Theres finally a phone that feels just as solid in the hand, while also being more beautiful than the iPhone. The best part about, It really makes Apple's iOS look really outdated.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!

Are you kidding me. I will not be able to upgrade to WP8/Apollo when it comes out??? My phone is obsolete 8 months after I buy it. Last time I get sucked in by MS!!!!!!!! First the Kin, now this baloney.Sources: current Windows Phone devices will not get 'Apollo' upgrade via theVerge.com[...]

Pro: nice design (beat iphone 4s,men need larger screen...),fast network with LTEneed more apps, like scottrade, need to support flash!!!(If WP7 wants to beat Android, flash is a must)

I switched from Sprint to AT&T to get this phone, and I couldn't be happier.  AT&T coverage and speed have been much better at my house than Sprint was (LTE is insanely fast), and the phone itself is outstanding.  The screen is gorgeous and the perfect size for me, and the Windows Phone OS is stable (never crashes or needs to be rebooted), smooth and easy to use.  The hotspot functionality has been great, too.  The camera isn't perfect, but it's better than most other phone cameras I've used.  The battery lasts about a day and a half for me.  I bought the Cyan model and it came with a special Nokia Blue theme which matches the color and gives the phone a "complete" feeling.  Highly recommended!

Gizmodo puts it wisely:"You can wax cranky over the fact that the phone you bought won't be swept up in the Win 8 euphoria, but it's hard to justify the saltiness. By the time WP8 and accompanying handsets are actually available, you'll probably be approaching upgrade eligibility. If you're not, it'll be worth the wait--and you'll be in good company with the legions of iPhone users screwed out of the latest, far less monumental software releases. This is just nature. And besides, current WP groupies will still get the 7.8 update with most of the best software stuff from 8--most of all, that smile-inducingly redesigned start screen--that's more of a compromise than most iPhone owners ever get. Likewise, Windows Phone 8 handsets are getting an 18 month pledge of firmware support. That simply doesn't exist with Apple or Android."I won't get the upgrade, but does not matter since I change my phone once a year. It's going to be Lumia with windows 8 and new hardware specs in the next spring. Totally fine with that!

I was considering ordering this phone to replace my old Symbian device, based on the great reviews here. Unfortunately, Microsoft just announced today that Windows Phone 8 is coming in October, and will not be supported on the Lumia 900. I guess I'll have to keep waiting... I don't want to buy a phone that's already destined for the trash heap.

Blown away by how great the handset is given the cost.Despite sharing some of the same stats/chipsets with other WP7 devices, the Lumia 900 is different, in a very good way.  Play with one at AT&T; or a friend's to see what I mean, online pictures/videos don't do it justice.- Great battery life, lasts all day despite intense usage.- Great front/back cameras.- Great screen, lower resolution than iphone4, but 4.3" size makes iphone's display seem pathetically small.  Easier to read in daylight than my Samsung Focus S, which also has a decent screen.  Not as big as Samsung Galaxy Note's 5.3", but Lumia 900's 4.3" screen seems to be a good fit for me, fits in my pocket better and leaves more cash in my pocket than Samsung Galaxy Note.- Great reception/call-quality, need AT&T; to enable 4G LTE where we live.- Great apps, the ones that are available are awesome, platform needs more apps, fortunately they seem to be coming.- Great for reading and writing-short emails anywhere while doing other stuff.  Outlook/Hotmail email app blows away desktop email clients for being able to easily sift through and read emails.  I only use laptop to write longer emails.- Great user interface, liking the WP7 smart tile UI, simple and intuitive.- Great solid case that laughs at scratches since the color isn't just skin deep like some cheapo slapped together handsets.- Ok Resolution, could be higher, but that's really the only thing I can complain about.  Still am able to read plenty via the kindle reader.

I upgraded from the Nokia Lumia 800 to the 900 as my wife fell in love with my 800 and now it's hers lol.  This phone simply does everything flawlessly, no freezing, no lag, no app crashing, great reception, and no bugs as of yet, all of which I have experienced on my Iphone 3gs/4/4s and 5 is a joke.  Area's where my iphone would lose reception constantly does not affect the Nokia Lumia what so ever.  The camera is awesome, takes great photo's and even has auto-fix feature which corrects any distortion or light conditions in your photo's.  It intagreates seemlessly with Microsoft surface and also Windows all via your microsoft user name.  Email is a breeze with a great live tile of the same name, messageing is excellent easy to read with the customizable background and text colors which is not something possible on Iphones, the app store is second to none with great actually functioning apps and quick downloads.  The design of the phone is also great, the screen is bright and crisp, it doesn't scratch easily like the Iphone or android phones, the housing is a solid design designed to take hard hits without breaking unlike again the iphone which pretty much costs hundreds of dallors or explodes on contact.  The speed of the Windows Phone OS is also amazing, I did speed tests with the Lumia 800 and 900 vs Iphoone 4/4s/5 and it blows them away.  Apps launch faster, they dont crash, reception is way better and browsing it light years faster.  Even Suri when asked what is the best smartphone ever awnsered Nokia Lumia LOL that was until Apple patched it to say it didn't know (you can search that it's true).  Anyhow very happy with purchase and service, if you get one of these phones you will have all you need right in your hand, and it's super reliable, well built, bulit to last and well supported.

Windows phone is the most intuitive OS on the market and the Nokia hardware is the best look and feel since the iphone 4, but I would say it is even better with a beautiful large screen.  Regardless if you are looking for your first smart phone or have had several this is the device you want in your pocket.

Updated 6/26/2012Microsoft Operating System, Windows 8 mobile, will not be available for this phone. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! You will end having an out of date OS in less than 3 months.For that reason I am decreasing the rate from 3 starts to 2.Other Updates:The reason my review is here is because Amazon did not have the white model available to review.I went to the AT&T; store during the first week of usage to complain about the rattle on the vibration. However, a brand new device out of the box was having the same issue. Not only that, all the representatives at AT&T; were using the Nokia 900 (different colors) and they all had the rattle. In other words, the vibration on this phone is louder than any other phone in is category such as Iphone, and HTC.This is an expensive device. Yes I know you could buy it for $99 at AT&T;, but that was only for customers who were eligigle for an upgrade. Otherwise the phone is (was $500).  Also, the white model was not available right away. It came out a week later than the other colors.This is not a good phone. I cannot recommend this phone to anybody.  Also, I am pretty sure that 50% of the people who replied to my review are just paid by Nokia to write good reviews.  Avoid this phone.Original Review:I have the white Nokia Lumia 900 since it came out. I really like the OS. Windows Phone looks sharop and I like all the social and MS Office integration. It is an excellent tool to work with MS Office or SharePoint.However, I am not satisfied with the hardware because of the following:1. The vibration.  It is so loud that it will wake you up in the middle of the night. Depending on how you hold the phone it will rattle.2. The volume.  It seems you can go all the way from 0-30.  However, from 1-14 it just sounds the same.3. Phone does NOT include a headset.  This phone is Nokia's flagship and very expensive. Nokia should have included a headset so people could listen their tunes and answer a call. This is an extra accesorie that cost $100.4. The camera is just ok. Sometimes it is even hard to believe that it has 8mp because the pictures look just ok.I have been using an Iphone since they came out. I had no issues swicthing from an Iphone to the Nokia.  From a hardware perspective, you will miss the home buttom, and the location of the unlock/lock screen buttom which in the Nokia is on the side.

This is one of the great phone that i ever used. Before buying this, i was using a iphone4 and i was amazed about the speed of this phone. It is a single core but seems like faster that iphone dual core processor. It is really big but you won't notice that while using. I have a very bad typing experience with iphone. Typing in iphone is &lt;50% success rate to type properly. Actually with this phone, I was able to type properly and the way emails are displayed is very nice and it is organized. You can see the entire email chain. The data is also fast. In my area, we don't have LTE. Still it is better than my wireless spot. I have difficulties with apps. I have some trading apps that i used use. But those are not available in this phone. One more thing about the display. They should increase the pixel resolution like iphone (atleast 960*640). But keep in mind, iphone is $200. But this is $100 and you are getting an LTE phone.

Rather than provide a full review in less detail about my experience with the Nokia Lumia 900 (it has been quite good through ~45 days), I wanted to mention one thing I wish I would have known when buying a phone running an operating system that has always been core to business computing:  Windows Phone 7/7.5 does not support Human Interface Device (HID) bluetooth profiles, and thus does not support the use of bluetooth keyboards. So the usefulness of having Word/Excel/PowerPoint/OneNote (not to mention third-party apps like Evernote) is reduced significantly because the only input when composing or editing documents is the on-screen keyboard. While it's the best texting keyboard I've used, it's a far cry from the keyboards we all use in every other aspect of our lives.--And that iOS and Android both support. Even Nokia's former Symbian operating system could utilize HID (even if you had to use third-party plugins on some phones). Nokia supports more profiles than Microsoft requires, which is a good thing, but this is a much-needed feature that would be easily implemented.According to Microsoft:"Windows Phone supports the following Bluetooth user profiles:Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP 1.2)Audio/Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP 1.3)Hands Free Profile (HFP 1.5)Headset Profile (HSP 1.1)Phone Book Access Profile (PBAP 1.1)" (Source: [...])Nokia, for their part, goes many steps further and offers:"Advanced Audio Distribution ProfileAudio/Video Control Transport ProtocolAudio/Video Distribution Transport ProtocolAudio/Video Remote Control ProfileBasebandGeneric Access ProfileGeneric Audio/Video Distribution ProfileHands-Free ProfileHeadset ProfileHost Controller InterfaceHost Controller InterfaceInteroperability Test SpecificationInteroperability Test SpecificationLink ManagerLogical Link Control and Adaptation ProtocolPhone Book Access ProfilePhone Book Access ProfileRadioRFCOMM with TS 07.10Serial Port ProfileService Discovery Protocol" (Source: [...])Finally, I'm not sure if Amazon would allow me to link to the threads on Microsoft's UserVoice and WPDev websites where people can vote to add features they want such as HID support, but a search on either for "HID" will bring up the appropriate topics.

I really enjoy this phone. This phone replaced my Samsung Focus S, which I also liked. The screen on this phone is extremely nice and the phone body is very durable. I also really love the OS. I used to use a iPhone as my daily phone, but I switched to Windows Phone 7 devices because they are much nicer and easier to use.

My motorola razr finally died! I used an iphone off and on for a couple years. After reading and researching I was drawn to this phone. The price from AT&T; ($100.00) I thought was good.I've used it extensively for the last 2 weeks. Nokia offers to call you with support, I had no problems but thought I'd test that anyway, they called exactly on time and gave me operating tips and nice to knows!The phone is very easy to use. It feels like a quality phone in your hands. The Windows Phone OS has worked flawlessly! Some reviews complain that there are not hundreds of thousands of apps available! (how many do you need?)The apps I downloaded have all worked great. The Zune interface works great and syncs wirelessly (love that).Nokia has come up with a clear winner with this phone.

I've got to say, I was a little disappointed when I heard that the Hero phone wouldn't have amazing specs.  Who cares at this point.  If your operation system runs smooth, isn't that what matters?  I don't need quad core this or that because the games I play, and the apps I use run smooth.Pro's*Great battery life*Balanced screen scrolling speed*LTE is pretty nice*Screen looks fantastic*WP has the best integration of services bar none.Con's*Camera is actually a letdown from my HTC Titan.Overall, the build of this phone is only comparable to the iPhone.  All the Android phones feel to gimmicky and plastic.  (looking at you samsung)  Let's hope HTC fixes that with the One series.

I am a phone fanatic.  Thank god I am in the Telecom industry and don't have to pay for most of my phones.  In the past year alone I have used an iPhone 4, Samsung Focus, HTC Inspire 4G Samsung, Infuse 4G, Samsung Skyrocket, and Galaxy Nexus.  I laid down the $99 for this phone for me and my wife, and we could not be happier about doing it.  I had some reservations moving over to Windows Phone based on my early experience with the Focus - man have things changed.  I love how solid the hardware feels in your hand and how integrated WP7.5 really is.  The voice actions over bluetooth (read texts to you, reply to messages, call contacts - all over bluetooth) is absolutely amazing.  Regarding the Marketplace - I am not missing 1 single app from Android and now have over 50 apps on my phone.  If I could find one gripe, it would be that the vibrate sounds loose in the phone, but my wife's is fine.  I have to say Thank You Microsoft and Thank you Nokia for such a wonderful experience.  I truly believe that this phone is the launching point for Windows Phone.  Well done!

I want to start off my review by stating that I am a HUGE Windows Phone fan and already own both the original Samsung Focus and the first HTC Titan (both which are great phones). I felt compelled to upgrade to Nokia's Lumia 900 to experience Nokia's build quality and ATT's LTE speeds.The Lumia 900 is absolutely gorgeous and has a huge screen measuring 4.3 inches. The phone feels great in my hand and can be operated easily with just one hand. My HTC Titan with its 4.7 inch screen was a little difficult to use one handed so I really think Nokia hit the sweet spot at 4.3 inches. I do wish the screen sat flush with the bezel like the Lumia 800 because the 900's screen does protrude slightly which isn't as aesthetically pleasing to me. This is just my opinion and doesn't impact the functionality of the phone one bit. Overall this phone is gorgeous!The Windows Phone OS restricts the screen resolution to 800x480 which by today's standard is a bit low but as with most Windows Phones you will be hard pressed to even realize this during everyday use. The Lumia 900's screen will melt your eyes with its beauty. I don't know what magic technology Nokia uses for this screen but everything looks AWESOME on it. The colors and text jump right off the screen and is very readable even in direct sunlight. I really feel this is the best screen I have ever seen on a smartphone.The Lumia 900 is powered by a 1.4 GHz single core processor with 512 MB of RAM which is more than enough power as the Windows Phone OS runs sooooo smoothly on this phone. Nothing slows this phone down and everything responds instantaneously.You get 16 GB of storage which may not sound like a lot to some folks but I already have a ton of apps, games, music and videos on my phone and still have 8 GB's free. Unfortunately there is no memory card slot so the 16 GB is all this phone will ever have. You do get access to 25 GB of free storage on Microsoft's SkyDrive which is integrated well in to the OS so you can always store your pics and docs in the cloud if you run low on storage.This is the first 4G LTE Windows Phone (the new HTC Titan that came out yesterday is also LTE) and ATT's speed in the Boston area has been superb! I am averaging a little over 10 Mbps in and around Boston with peaks going up as high as 17 Mbps. This phone flies on the internet which makes it feel even faster. I cant get over just how fast the data speeds are on this phone.I have only had the phone for 2 days but the battery seems to be very good. I went through the entire day yesterday using my phone quite a bit without having to recharge. I bet this thing will easily last through an entire work day on LTE. As the week progresses and I get a better idea of the battery life I will update my review.The call quality so far has been fine but I don't make many calls. The people that I have spoke to on this phone stated that I sounded very good.The 8 megapixel camera on the Lumia 900 takes great photos but some of the pics did come out a little oversaturated. They still look really nice though and it could be just where and how I was taking the pics.While the app store is not nearly as large as Apples or Googles it does have over 70,000 apps now and I have found that almost every app I used on my past phones has a counterpart on Windows Phone. You will also find the Windows Phone versions of your favorite apps look, feel and operate better than the ones on iOS and Android. Just wait to you open apps like USA Today or IMDB. They are truly magnificent. If you are a gamer and own an XBOX 360 then you really should be on Windows Phone as XBOX Live is integrated right in the OS and compatible XBOX Live games on Windows Phone include achievements so even on the go you can get those glorious little achievement notifications that some people have become addicted to!If you are first time smartphone buyer or looking for something better than iOS or Android then you cant go wrong with the Lumia 900. For the price what you get is amazing. I highly recommend this phone!UPDATE 04/13/2012: As you may have heard a limited number of the Lumia 900's had a bug that messed up its LTE connection. My unit did not have this issue but there were some out there that do. The good news is that Nokia release a software update last night that fixes this issue completely so you can buy a new Lumia worry free now!Also, remember that if you purchase a Lumia 900 before April 21st on ATT you will receive a 100 dollar credit on your bill!!! So if you are eligible for an upgrade at this time you essentially get the Lumia 900 for FREE if you purchase before April 21st!! This also applies to anyone that has already purchased the phone as well. Awesome!!!

I've had an iPhone and some Nexus phones but this phone is far superior. The screen in the sun is unreal

I have been a longtime iPhone user, from 2008..Started with iPhone 3G and used iPhone 3GS, iPhone4 and 4S. I have also used Android phones (Nexus, Galaxy etc) over the years for considerable periods of time. All said and done, WP7 and Nokia have hit the sweet spot with the Lumia 900. The OS is so simple and fluid to use, you don't need to be a nerd/geek to handle it (HINT: Android). Everything is so beautifully laid out and well integrated w/ facebook, twitter and skydrive. The hardware of Lumia 900 simply feels great in hand. This is definitely a level above any android phone I have ever used. Software is also a huge plus over android(pure google experience included). With upcoming WP8, I'm sure it will give a tough competition to the upcoming iPhone 5 and Android Jelly Bean. If you have been giving the WP7 os amiss all this time, it's definitely worth a second look now bcoz of Lumia 900. Now is the time, since it's so well priced at ATT.These are some of things I like about  WP7 and Nokia Lumia* Great Design* Beautiful and smooth+fluid OS* Hardware fit and finish* Nokia maps and Drive.* Facebook and Twitter integration* XBOX live and games* Office (esp outlook)The camera could have been better and there are some key apps missing compared to android and ios..but I'm sure by the time WP8 releases these will be rectified and I can't wait to get my hands on the next gen of lumia and WP

Having upgraded from a Mango Samsung Focus S, I was hesitant to upgrade as many of the specs were similar. Would recommend that if the upgrade fee is minimal to take the plunge. The device feels taller compared to the Focus S. These are made in Korea.Pros:Visual voicemailAmbient Light Sensor actually works!Easier to hold due to thicknessAudio is louderNokia appsHeadset from Samsung (including mic) worksSmall chargerBetter build qualityCons:Unable to turn off the haptic buttonsHefty weightmicro-SIMNon-replaceable battery

I have purchased this phone couple of days back and I feel it's really awesome phone. Nokia & Microsoft had done a commendable job with this phone. Unfortunately there was a small data connectivity issue bug appeared for small amount of phones. But overall I am very much satisfied with this phone. Before coming into Windows OS, I have used both IOS & Android devices. IOS have good amount of apps. This is the only advantage with IOS, but though Google have lots of apps, but I am not happy with them. Most of them have buggy and not working properly..Overall Windows OS apps have different experience and I like tab system...Nokia Lumia 900 4G Windows Phone, Black (AT&T;)

This phone is more like a computer than anything else. You can actually be productive with it using built in Office programs and there are tons of useful apps. I just love the large text and high contrast screen colors makes it easy to read. Windows Phone OS is so much better than I thought it would be.My son installed XBox games on it.  Xbox! thats cool, better than many of the cheesy free games on other smartphones. Everything runs very smooth.  I like Android but it often lags when scrolling around especially when lots on the screen.  The Lumia 900 does not lag at all, super fast.4G LTE in my town (rochester, NY) is excellent.  No issues. Not sure about other towns but I bet its coming soon. I also like the fact the phone is inexpensive to own and most Microsoft services, like Find My Phone, are free. The phone takes about 1 day to get used to, but there is no going back to old icon style smartphones phone once you have used live tiles for a while.  Nice job Nokia.

I'm sorry all... you lost me at windows. This is an old company that has nothing but bugs in all of their systems. Hello future (iOS, and Droid), goodbye I just bought a new nokia lumia 900 and can't connect to the internet because I powered down once. Just like all fruits of this world. Mangos spoil too. One more thing, what is "internet explorer"?? People still use that junk. Win Mango would have a better chance in the market if they changed the name. People that desire HUGE problems use IE. Get a clue...signed,your faithful (anything but windows) tech geek.Apple iPhone 4S 16GB - AT&T; - BlackSamsung I9250 Galaxy Nexus 16GB (Unlocked)

Amazing hardware and a promising software, apollo update would make this device unbeatable. Should get verizon release too. easy to use and well organized

I was waiting on this phone for months.  I loved the design and truly expected this to be one amazing phone that would provide an experience far better than Android or iOS.  However, this phone falls short in many areas.  I'll point to those shortcomings to provide a counter to many of the glowing reviews.Interface (lag):For some reason Windows Phone 7 on the Lumia 900 is laggy.  When scrolling through the main menu, as well as application menu, there is a noticeable lag.  By this I mean that the menu response to a flick, or quick scroll, is absent.  The phone seems like it has a purposeful resistance to quick scrolling.  This lag is NOT present in the Titan, Titan II, and Samsung Focus.Apps (inconsistent behavior & missing apps):For my purposes, key applications are missing such as:  Angry Birds Seasons, Angry Birds Rio, Angry Birds Space, Native Google Voice, Dropbox, Square, Mint, Draw Something, Instagram, Native Pandora, and Words With Friends.  I'm not purchasing this phone on the hope of the apps it will get, but rather the apps is currently has.  Additionally MS created many of the so called "native" apps such as Facebook and Twitter, and they are not good.  The scrolling inertia and loading times vary so much between applications.For social networks, I understand it integrates into the phone, but the integration simply doesn't function as well as native applications in my opinion.  Additionally, if I go to updates it starts at the latest update and doesn't keep my position from where I last read/left off, this is a huge oversight and I would at least want the option to keep my last position as I use Twitter for news updates. The layout, although simply beautiful, is not practical when reading tons of updates; it's simply style over function.Vibration Rattle (Main Reason I Returned Phone)Not all phone's may have this, but whenever my phone vibrated it had a loud rattle.  The vibration on this phone is very strong, and combined with an autofocus lens that rattles, when the vibration goes of it causes the lens to shake and rattle very loud.  I had to turn the vibration off because it was simply too loud.CameraIt's not good.  For a flagship (WP7) phone the camera is mediocre at best.  Lots of noise, poor white balance, and the camera rattles.Build:Where is the curved glass of the Lumia 800?  I don't like that the glass just seems to sit on top of the phone and it does take away from the overall feel and design.  The phone is thinker and heavier than I expected.  I also noticed light leak coming from the navigation buttons into the screen.  I understand this is picky, but Nokia prides itself of build quality so it's fair to point out issues.OverallI returned this phone and wasn't at all impressed.  There are much better choices.  For $100 dollars, the iPhone 4 (not 4s) as well as the Galaxy SII (now averaging $70) are a much better choice on the AT&T; network if you're in an area without LTE.  For new customers you can find the Galaxy SII for free with a new contract.  For those that want LTE, for about $100 dollars more I would certainly go with the Galaxy SII Skyrocket.

I just received this phone last week after switching from my new samsung galaxy s 3. Despite its fancy specs, it felt so cheap and really didn't do things faster or better than any other smart phone I have owned. It was so boring.My new lumia feels super solid in my hand and everything works so smooth! The camera and battery life are both really good as well. A great phone to own that not everybody has yet.5 stars plus!

Receveied this phone today. This is so much better than I thought. I was using Iphone for few years and switched to Samsung focus S which I receivd as a gift from my friend. I liked Focus S, but I felt Lumia is much solid. even I don't feel like i need a case for it. Also Nokia Drives is GREAT. Bing map was ok, but not great. I no longer need CAR navigation system. I highly recommend it! To be honest, Nokia Drive is one of the main reason I recoomend this phone! try it, you will love it. My quesiton for Microsoft is that why can't they have app like Nokia drive come with other WP7 phones?? Well Nokia did great job on this phone!

I moved here from South Asia and I have been using iphones(3GS and 4) for couple of years because here in US I didn't find Nokia smartphone. When i knew Nokia Lumia was coming to AT&T;, I ordered one. Very excited to have Nokia Phone again after a long time. I love Nokia phone because of its build quality, design, great in call reception, call clarity, and a lot to mention.........(uufff tired).I have been using Nokia Phones from my childhood. The long time i used one of their phones is Nokia 1100 which i've heard they sold 250 million at that time. Still none of the cell phones brand even imagine it. When i got Lumia 900 i went to bed lately, playing with the new Windows Software which i also like it because it's so simple to use and blazing fast. The only negative about the OS is the lack of apps which other reviewers mentioned earlier in their posts. I don't have to mention the pros of this phone as they are already posted here.NOKIA LUMIA 900 IS AN AWESOME PHONE.

This phone is amazing, its so smooth and fast i cant even explain. It's as fast and responsive as iphone. I love a clean look of apps and especially a mail app. The only thing that is still better on iphone 4S is a camera...Nokia has a good camera too, but in low light conditions iphone 4S is just better. But other then that its a perfect phone.

I've been an iPhone user for a number of years now and I decided it was time for a change.  A friend of mine got a windows phone last year and I thought the interface looked nice and clean, so when I heard about the Lumia 900 I decided I would give it a try.So far this phone has exceeded my expectations in almost every way.  The Windows Phone 7.5 interface is fast, easy and very aesthetically pleasing.  If you are tired of all the cluttered little squares that make up the iOS interface, you are not alone as that is one of the reasons I like the Lumia 900.  The live tile area (the big squares you usually see when you see a windows Phone) is clear, customizable and many of the apps give live information without having to actually open the app.  To name a few, the weather shows the current weather, calendar shows what's coming up next, and your pictures cycle through to give you a different look all the time.  You can have multiple e-mail accounts separate or linked, and each of them can be it's own live tile so there is no need to back up and choose which account to view after entering the e-mail app.The only downside to the OS right now is the lack of apps.  It has most of what I need as far as basic apps, but there aren't a whole lot of developers making apps for it yet, so it's missing a few things that I would want.The phone itself has a really nice big screen and it is easy to navigate or answer calls with one hand.  It's quick to enter the camera without having to unlock the phone (just hold the camera button down for a couple seconds), and the quality of the photos are excellent.  The only slight negative when it comes to the buttons are that the lock button and volume buttons are right about where I would naturally hold the phone when talking.  However after a couple weeks I'm starting to get used to holding it slightly differently so I don't accidentally hit those buttons.Other than a few minor issues, I highly recommend this phone!

First of all,I do not have any bias over any brand,I like both Apple,Google,Microsoft,Nintendo products, even some products from Sony, Toshiba,etc.Whoever make the best product with good value,I will use it.Not Samsung products,2 of my Samsung products both failed me.My first smart phone was Sony Ericsson P910i, that phone was great.Then I changed to Nokia E61, boy, the build quality of that phone is amazing! Like a tank!I still use that phone at home as a VoIP phone (connect with Asterisk SIP server over WiFi),still using that phone as a back-up GPS (Tomtom with cool Austin Powers's voice. )Over the years, I used P910i, Nokia E61, iPhone 2G, iPhone 3G,3GS, Samsung Galaxy S and more.(And use many more phones in short period of time, like BB curve, HTC 8925, Palm 650, iPhone 4, 4S, about 20 different models )We just bought an iPad 3 in March break. My wife love it, but it's nothing inspire to me.After reading good reviews on Amazon, I bought black one from Rogers Wireless in Canada the second day was available, I bought the last one in the store,so it was selling well even no Ads, no display, no poster, no dummy phone in the store!!!Nokia Lumia 900 is the only phone I keep playing after I got it since the iPhone 2G, the original one.And it impressed me more than the original iPhone.Apple and Google are talking about Post-PC blah, blah.But Microsoft is the one really sit down and re-think what the future should be!They seems find a vision(with Ray Ozzie's help?) on the next-gen mobile communication/computing platform.The way WP7 link,search,organize,display the information, wow, will make billions of people's digital life better.With this OS on the Nokia hardware and services, the Nokia lumia 900 is miles better than any smart phone!Many other reviews said many great things about the phone, I just want to add a few things:0. Dont worry about Apps, Microsoft Visual Studio is the best IDE, (Better than Eclipse. ) writing apps in .net is very productitive,Nokia is selling Lumia in good volume now, developers will jump in, I may even write some apps myself!1. You can link contacts from everywhere, google, my old hotmail account, rarely used facebook, etc.And use the picture on the facebook with the contacts on Google!2. When you upload a picture to the Skydrive or facebook, it will detect faces in the picture, so you can add tags!3. You can press and hold the middle button to make call, just say it, it even recognize my accent!4. press and hold search button, you can do music, image search, and it can do OCR! Will translate words in the picture!5. I like the edge of the screen, you can feel where the glass ends.6. The first version of Nokia Drive won't allow offline search, you need to update to the newest one.Nokia drive is offline, very good if you go oversea or your 3G/LTE connection is not very good.Nokia Lumia 900 use both GPS and GLONASS, it lock in very fast, much better than my old Samsung galaxy S, even quicker than iPhone.Nokia drive also have voice in many language, I remember my Vietnamese friends asking me about voice guide in Vietnamese,now he can have it for his parents!!7. To install Skype, you can go to Skype web site, then send a SMS to your phone, then you can install.8. If you need Google Voice, You can use GoVoice.It's ever better than for me, because I can use it in Canada.Google Voice app for android will not allow you to use it outside of USA.9. There are many very useful Chinese Apps, Bing dictionary, '''' dictionary, '', '''''''etc.10. For users in Canada, you can add apn to temporarily fix the data connection problem:apn: rogers-core-appl1.apnuser name: wapuser1  password: wapproxy: 10.128.1.6911. Speaker phone very clear and loud, not as loud as Nokia E61, but way much better than any Samsung/HTC I used before12. Battery life is good, finally I can sync my emails every 15 minutes! I had to turn off email sync on my old Samsung galaxy!I always wondering if Samsung lies on their specs? Battery life on spec always look good, but not in real-life.A few minor things: (Thanks for db's comment, I found solutions for 3,4)1. Google finance web site looks bad in IE.2. Email client can't archive gmail.3. Can not force close App. - YOU ACTUALLY CAN BY GOING INTO SETTINGS, SWIPE OVER TO APPLICATION PAGE AND GO INTO "BACKGROUND TASKS". THIS IS UNNECESSARY THOUGH AS WINDOWS PHONE "TOMBSTONES" APPS WHICH MEANS THEY AREN'T USING ANY CPU AND WILL BE KICKED OUT OF MEMORY AS ITS NEEDED BY THE PHONE FOR TASKS BEING USED.4. Where to find out how many battery left ? No way to turn on/off WiFi easily. - THERE ARE A COUPLE APPS THAT GIVE YOU DIRECT ACCESS TILES TO CERTAIN SETTINGS. "CONNECTION TILES" IS ONE OF THEM. "CONNECTIVITY SHORTCUTS" IS ANOTHER.Overall, amazing phone, go get it, play a few days, the more you use it, the more you will appreciate the OS/hardware.Nokia Lumia 900 is the next big thing:Best mobile device for the Post-PC era

You cant go wrong with this device. I have been using smartphones from the Windows Mobile days to the Blackberrys, iPhones and Androids. I have owned and used them all. By far this has been the best. The OS is refreshingly beautiful. Its uncluttered and things are arranged very nicely. There are hubs for each activity and even a person using the phone for the first time will be able to locate things without help. The Metro style apps for this OS is another unique thing about this OS. There are no buttons for any activity on an application, it follows the natural instinct i.e. swipe left/right and top/bottom. The same application on WP7 looks so refreshingly beautiful in the Metro layout. The phone is amazingly fast and the LTE is mind blowing. Now I can watch Youtube and CNN videos while on the bus/train. Nokia has got some very cool and free exclusive applications in the marketplace like Nokia Drive, Nokia Maps, Transit etc. The phone is very solid and good looking. I got several people asking me which phone i am using and i kind of feel proud to be an owner of this beautiful phone. The best part of this phone is that the call quality is exceptionally good and I did not have a dropped call yet. In call volume is very good and audible even in noisy environment. Battery life is very good. I browse for abt 30 minutes, watch videos and check facebook and with average use my battery is still on 50% when i reach home (after about 12 hrs of use) which is exceptionally good if you come from Android or iOS background. There is no stutter or lag any where. The only shortcoming so far on this OS is that it does not allow VOIP applications like Skype, Tango to run in the background. But this is not a show stopper at all. Microsoft has already confirmed that the Apollo update (scheduled for fall 2012) will have this feature. I have been using WP7 from last 2 years (Focus, HTC Titan and Nokia Lumia 900) and i found all the applications for my daily use in the MarketPlace. So there is no strength in the argument that the OS lacks applications. Yes there are some applications missing but at the same time there are several substitutes available.Go for this phone and you will never regret your decision.

Worst phone I have ever owned. I have contract with ATT. This phone had to be replaced three, count them one, two, three times within one year. The phone is glitchy, drops calls and has terrible reception. I will NEVER buy another Nokia Windows product.

The Nokia Lumia 900 is a solid phone that is fresh, appealing and easy to use. The only real complaint is that the Windows 8 operating system to be released in October will not run on the phone and the future upgrade of its operating system will be limited to Windows 7.8.  For some owners and potential buyers this is an important concern and for others it is not.  Nokia would be wise to offer owners of the Lumia 900 a $49 trade-in credit should they decide that they need or want to have Windows 8 when it is released.

Bought this phone for my wife and sure glad I did.  It took her less than a day and she was all about it, it was better in this way and better in that way... It's been extremely easy for her to up to speed and she hasn't missed a beat (moving from her iPhone to this Windows phone).The Zune software has been so much easier to deal with than itunes ever had been - so much so she's already putting stuff on her phone by herself whereas I was still having to help her from time to time when dealing with itunes.From start to finish this is by far an impressive phone.

Just to be clear, I haven't actually bought the Lumia 900 yet ... but I've spent quite a bit of time with one at the AT&T; Wireless store and at Best Buy. I have never owned a "smart" phone before, but my experiences with friends' iPhones and iPods have been sub-optimal, so I have been waiting for the right device before making the plunge - and I think I've finally found a winner.The Windows interface is slick, easy to get around, and seems very responsive. I'm very curious about the camera quality, the test shots I took in the store looked quite good, but it was all under flourescent lights - so I'm waiting to use it outside before passing judgement on the camera.Screen quality is exceptionally nice, with bold bright colors - and the sound quality is excellent.

Everything about this phone is perfect except the phone does not have micro SD card slot and this phone can not record the full HD 1080p video. I would give (rate) this phone 5 stars if it has micro SD card slot and full HD 1080p video recorder.

My review is to help people resolve a problem that drove me nuts trying to find a solution.  My phone, upon delivery, did not have the voicemail password established.  This caused my phone app to open the voicemail feature each time I wanted to use the phone pad or contact list to make a call.  I would have to input a password (I have a password established to open the phone up for security) so I would use the main password (I found out that ANY password would work at this point because none was established for voicemail!).  The phone app would then allow me to select the keyboard or contact list but in a few seconds, the app would revert back to the voicemail password field requiring me to re-input the password (remember, I didn't have one at this point).  This process would recycle every few seconds but if I was fast enough, I could get the keyboard open to input a phone number to make a call!Here is the solution: open voicemail up (call yourself or press the number 1 key), go to admin for voicemail and establish a password!  After establishing a password, the phone app takes you directly to the keyboard or contact list instead of forcing you to input a voicemail password.Now you know.  I switched from an iPhone 3GS to try out the Windows phone and am very pleased with the phone.  I am missing a couple of my favorite apps that are not available yet on the Windows platform but fortunately I can still access them from my iPad.  They will come as this platform gains traction.  This phone is a great value for the price and a real challenge to the iPhone 4S.

I don't think there is a point in comparing this phone to any other device out there. I personally have owned the iPhone(s) and DroidX and this is the second time a device has excited me so much(First, of course being the iPhone 3G back in in the day).Display: Absolutely impeccable. Black is my new favorite color.UI: Intuitive. Different. Enough said.Apps: Hmmm... I am one of those guys who use the bare essentials though I do miss Words with friends. Its fine though, I have convinced all my friends to install Words by Post bringing life back to normal.Phew!Phone and LTE: So far no issues that other users seem to be facing with wifi and LTE. As a phone, voice clarity is good. Little miffed that nokia/ATT didnt include a headset with the phone. But then again for 50$, maybe I am expecting a little too much.Overall: 5 star device and hope nokia/microsoft can gain back some ground in the smartphone world. They really deserve it this time.

Great phone! Haven't had a good experience with a phone for a while. I couldn't have asked for a better software and design.

The best Live Tile is "People." I have Facebook integrated into my contacts, so this tile updates with profile pictures from my Facebook friends. Every once in a while, a ridiculously hot chick pops up, and I'm like, WHO THE HELL IS THAT?? (I'm a guy, sue me) So I dive into my friends list and for the life of me, I cannot find that girl. It's like the Windows Phone OS is teasing me.Seriously, just yesterday, this Solid 9 popped up (the tile devoted four pieces to her stunning face), and I could not figure out who she was for like 40 minutes. Then I realized it was this crush of mine from high school (Lauren H...what a babe) who, like a fine wine, has only gotten better with age.Thank you, Windows Phone OS + Nokia

If calls is what you miss most in your iPhone then this is the phone you need to have.Remember the presentation Jobs gave about how all smart phones loose signals when held at certain position, well Nokia has done something which the biggest company in world couldn't do. Apart from everything which a smartphone does, this is a great phone too. This phone doesn't need diapers (phone cases) for it to work as a phone.

This thing runs so smoothly i can't even compare it to androids. And it's design is simply amazing! A must buy.

I picked up a black Lumia 900 at an AT&T store today because they were sold out of blue. AT&T is crediting my first bill by $100 to make up for a networking issue that's already fixed on the phone I just got, so the device ends up being free on a 2-yr contract and works great. It's an amazing deal, this phone seems much nicer than my wife's iPhone 4S. Big clear screen, nice look and feel, really fast, super fast 4G LTE, great email, and nearly all of the apps I want. I couldn't find Pandora or Wells Fargo apps, but aside from that I don't understand the big fuss about there "only" being 50,000 apps for this phone.

This phone is fantastic. 4G LTE is blazingly fast, and complements the speed of the Windows Phone operating system itself. The UI is fast and fluid, not to mention beautiful. The picture and video quality is superb. The Super AMOLED screen is brilliant and the battery lasts for a long time.All in all, this is the best Windows Phone 7.x you can get. 5 full stars.

I found this phone to be quite reliable - bot it early June 2012 and it has only frozen on me one time.  Not the greatest phone call quality (hard to hear people unless you put them on speaker) but no complaints with any other features.  Then, yesterday while the phone was sitting on my desk a call came in and when I touched the screen to answer it the touchscreen was unresponsive.  Dead.  There's not a single spot on the entire screen that will work.  Tried soft reset, hard reset, powered off etc.  Screen is just 100% dead.  Luckily it is still under warranty and ATT provided me with a replacement device at no cost. (For once I am pleased with ATT customer service.)  But very displeased that after 5 months of light use the screen just died out of the blue.  I will be buying an ottercase for my free replacement and hope that with that it will make it through what remains of my 2-year contract period.

I have used Apple 4S and Android Samsung galaxy.  I find the MSFT OS to be easier, and love the metro tiles.I love my new Lumia

I have used pretty much all the smartphone OS (Android, IOS, BB, WP7). Many times if not the OS the device had failed to work on several tasks in the past. For example: My Samsung Vibrant would always fail to register for GPS. My iPhone connection would drop and the reception was sometimes so crappy that I had to forget that I was using a phone. Then I used G2X as being the fastest android on its times (Dual core etc). Soon I figured that dual core doesn't matter to run the phone faster. I switched to SGSII to and still the same result. The screen of SGS2 was horrendously over saturated.I saw Lumia 900 when I was at Best Buy. The phone's UI and hardware was fluid and everything worked as expected. 1 Week later I bought Lumia 900 phone. I was little skeptical of buying any new phones as I was tired of every smartphone tending to slow down over time. Btw, G2X was crazy slow just after few weeks.I am using this phone as my daily driver and I am so amazed that it has worked in every area . GPS, directions, yelping, emails, sync, social accounts and much more. I just don't have anything to complain about this phone except one thing, Camera. Camera is not as great as I expected from Nokia. I have used Nokia phones before and their camera quality is comparable to Digital Cameras but not this one. I have the purple tint problem on most of the images that I click through this phone. This is specifically for the images taken from the camera. Nothing related to screen display. The fix is to basically click on "Auto-Fix" after you click the picture. This should fix the issue. But hey, I don't use camera every day, so I am fine with it. If I take all the features and camera issue in to consideration, this phone is by far the best device I have used as a smartphone. There are always few minor things that might bother other people but comparing those to other smartphone issues is absolutely nothing. I would give this phone a perfect 5 stars.

After researching the phone and comparing it(with the galaxy note) I found the Nokia Lumia Black 900 an excellent choice and having ZUNE music player helped as well.The NOte was too big and pricey, while the Nokia was within my price range and perfect size.When purchased thru Amazon on April 8, I was expecting to pay $99 but WOW! after selecting it for an upgrade it showed $19.99.  Right away I added it to cart, purchased it and within 3 days I got it with a bonus(a free car charger).So I when I opened the box, I was amazed of the size and camera detail on back. Within 30 minutes of charging and calling to activate it, I was making phone calls, texting, exploring the net and setting up my profile.The only problem I found was inserting the microsim card cuz I thought I was going to break the door and pinhole.Since I had a regular sim card from my previous motorola phone, I transfered my contacts thru google/gmail. No problem here.Love this new nokia phone.

Easy to use , fast , nice looking, very high quality and stable. Have had the Lumia since the launch and have done nothing but enjoy it. No freezing or locking up that I have had with other phones. So far has been rock solid. And I really like the windows operating system. Nothing but good to say about this phone.

Battery stopped charging after 1 year 2 months. Dead phone. Otherwise great. Windows phone Lumina 900. Thanks. Ok. Goodbye. Yes

Gave up my Iphone 3gs. My wife has the Iphone 4. This phone intrigued me because of all the positive reviews from total Apple/Android fanboys. If THEY could love it...geez, okay, let's give it a try.I get it. It's an amazing phone with fantastic build quality. The price is silly compared to everything else. MS/Nokia NEED this phone to succeed, so grab it while they're giving 'em away. The only other phone that caught my eye was the Galaxy Note, but that was $230 more up front. My phone was essentially free. And the Note is huge. Just this side of parody huge. Yes, the note has a larger screen and more powerful processor but... Keep in mind that phones with faster processors, bigger screens, etc. Suck more power and thus run down sooner. Besides, processor power is all relative to the OS. There is no lag or issues with this phone. Using the Zune software to load everything you need was soooo much easier than using Itunes. Nokia has a bluetooth contact migration app (free) that moved all 300 of my contacts from my Iphone to my Lumia 900 in about five minutes. Painless. If you're looking for a new phone and have an early adopters love of the unknown? Try it, you'll like it.

So I've gone full circle since my first cell phone, a Nokia 5165. Since then, I've had a Sony Ericsson, Nokia 6070, Motorola V300, Sony Ericsson w200, Nokia E71, the first Google Nexus, Dell Venue Pro, Samsung Focus, HTC Radar, and now back to Nokia with the Lumia 900.As most people would agree to, Nokia is known for its great hardware. My E71 was elegant and well-built, but it was bogged down by an archaic OS in Symbian, with settings buried in layers upon layers of menu.Nexus was my first touch-screen phone; it was a premium handset at the time, but I found the Android OS to be less than stable with some apps crashing. Dell Venue Pro had great screen and physical keyboard but it was unstable before the NoDo update - and I bricked it trying to upgrade the micro SD card! Samsung Focus was the best of the first-gen Windows Phones with a great screen and upgradeable micro SD; I bought it unlocked and used it on T-Mobile, but that kept me from getting 3G speed. So I changed my prepaid TMo plan to unlimited 4G and got the HTC Radar with "4G" capability. It is very well-made with its own unibody; I actually like its camera with HTC features (panorama, face detection, burst mode); the drawbacks are the screen with a regular LCD sized at less than 4 inches, and it had only 8gb of storage.With the Lumia 900, Nokia delivers another great hardware complemented by a great OS in Windows Mango. It is the best phone I have ever owned/used - for now at least. I've been using the Lumia 900 since 4/11/12. Here are the pros and cons:PROS:1. Mango OS - simple, intuitive, and stable. Sure, Android is more configurable, but that makes it more complex to the average user, and it is less stable with more applications crashing. I've never owned an iPhone, but I've used it; surely it is simple and buttery smooth, but the UI has gone stale with the static icons. Windows Phone is more dynamic with the live tiles, with less emphasis on apps and more on getting your tasks done by having what apps do separately on other OS get done in one place.2. Screen - colors are vibrant, blacks are deep black, and easy to view in direct sunlight. It looks awesome indoors! Gorilla glass makes it virtually scratch-proof. 4.3-in screen is just right for Goldilocks - not too big, not too small.3. Unibody design - it stands out from your typical Android bricks and iPhone glass cases. It's sturdy and elegant at the same time.4. Nokia Apps - Drive navigation app is well-done, and the fact that it is free and does not use data makes it even better.5. Battery - before the update, battery lasted for about 8 hrs.; the update fixed that issue, and now I get 24 - 36 hours on average usage (email, internet-browsing, Facebook), and about 12 - 15 hrs. on heavy usage (audio/video streaming). This is even without using the battery saver mode.6. Call/signal quality - Voice sounds clear, not muffled. Signal has not gone below 3 bars. Wow, it is a phone after all.7. Find my Phone - Not many people mention this (or maybe are not aware of it), but with any Windows Phone you can locate/ring, disable/lock, or erase your phone online should you lose your phone, or should someone steal it. The website has some kinks, but it does work.8. Price - an LTE device with all of the above attributes for $50 plus a $100 credit? How can you beat that?CONS:1. The micro-SIM tray is flimsy. It should not be a major problem unless you switch SIMs frequently.2. The Nokia apps are not pre-installed. This does not make sense at all. (The US map [1.8gb] took me half a day to download on Wi-Fi.) The good thing is they are free and of good quality.3. Only 16gb of built-in storage. Surely it is nice that Skydrive gives you 25gb in cloud storage, but -4. Skydrive does not let you stream a music/video playlist without a third-party app. You have to play your files one at a time. Hopefully this gets fixed on the next OS update (Apollo).NEUTRAL:1. Camera is okay, nothing spectacular. Then again I have never used a smartphone with a life-changing camera, including the iPhone. Waiting for Pureview on WinPhone!2. Number of apps - Do people really need 500k apps??? I have all the apps I need on Windows Marketplace. Some apps are overpriced, but the prices should go down once there are more apps (which means more competition).3. I don't mind the lock button in the middle of the right side. I'm getting used to it, and I find that it's easier to unlock/lock the phone with my right thumb than having to lock/unlock it with my index finger if the button were on the top. The location is supposed to make it easier for left-handers.4. LTE speed on ATT network - The speed obviously depends on where you are. I get usually 3 bars at my apartment (in Culver City, CA), where I get 5-7 mbps on average. With 5 bars (in Westwood/UCLA), I was able to reach 15 mbps (the maximum on the Bandwidth app I am using). The speed should get better with LTE expansion.The phone is great overall. It's not perfect (no phone is), but it does the job for me and more. Welcome back, Nokia!

Not much more I can say that hasn't already been said, it truly is a marvelous device. I'm a die hard Android guy, I've had nearly every one and came from the Galaxy S2 Skyrocket to this phone - I won't be going back. There are two thing about this phone I love the most:1) I can see and use the thing in bright daylight, amazing screen.2) Offline GPS is standard. I'm carrying a Garmin type GPS with me wherever I go, data connected or not.There are plenty of apps for the phone. Who really needs 500,000?The battery lasts all daySound quality in both directions is stellarBuild quality is top notchCamera is very good, every bit as good as what is on my Skyrocket (contrary to popular belief)Oh, if you already have one of these, Google for and download the beta for Nokia's augmented reality app called City Lens - very cool app.Yeah, 5 stars is absolutely correct folks.

I received my lumia 900 immediately before a drive to NYC and learned how to use it while coping with the stresses of being a tourist and I loved it. The entire is is seamlessly integrated and beautiful. The location services and walking directions came in very handy and LTE was incredible. It makes my home wireless look bad. One thing that threw me at first was the power button on the side but after using it there is no other place it should be. It always sits at your thumb so you don't have to fumble around when you pull it out of your pocket or the screen times out. The camera button also came in handy, much more useful than a software button. I read reviews that said the screen had a low resolution but I'm not sure how anyone would notice it without a microscope. The screen is beautiful and the colors are amazing. The only part of the phone I haven't tested thoroughly is the app store because I don't feel like i'm lacking anything. After two days I still can't come up with anything negative to write about the lumia 900.

I love this phone! The UI is very cool and easy to use. Office apps are included and super useful. You can get all your Facebook and Twitter info right into the phone easily. Also, I was pleasantly surprised by the apps. Not as many as iPhone, BUT they have all the major ones and some pretty cool exclusives besides. Not to mention the price, which is super low for what you get. Overall, a way better experience than iPhone or Android!

I switched from an IPhone to the Windows OS last fall when the update from Apple took away the Mobile Me features and the ability for the phone to synce with Outlook for contacts and calenders. I had been using the apple products with my PC for about 4 years and it worked pretty well up until that point, Apple has made a clear commitment to work in a direction that appeals to social networks and game apps and seems to have thrown in the towel regarding business users. My first Windows Phone was the HTC Titan, great OS, lousy call quality and I would never recomend the device. The Lumina not only is a great piece of hardware but it has added Nokia features that allow it further rise above the HTC.The main thing that needs to be known for all to work well is you will need a Microsoft Exchange account, (about $60/ year, less than half or the Mobile Me cost). With that subscription you will be able to set the phone to sync with your PC and Outlook to maintain your contacts and calenders. You can view all of your mail, not only the inbox but the other folders as well and when you delete it on your phone it will also delete on the PC, sent items will appear in your sent folder on your PC as well. Syncing is almost instant and does not require any effort as the Apple products did.When you take a photo you can set it to automatically upload to Skydrive and then assign it to whatever folder you would like for anyone to view, no manual uploading one by one as with the Apple. This takes what used to be about an hour project and shortens it to a few minutes. Camera qualit is decent but I still carry a camera for more important shots.Sending video via email is very simple and the clip length is several time more than with the Apple device. Microsoft Office allows you to upload files and notes in any amount that you need via SkyDrive. All in all, if you have a Mac stick with your iphone, even though it does not have as many features and is slower, it will be more complatible with your other hardware, however if you are using Windows like most of the world, consider the Windows Phone, you will be amazed at what you had been missing.

Always wondered if it was ATT or the iPhone, but now I know it is the iPhone.  The Nokia doesn't drop the calls.  My only complaint is the time it takes to recharge the battery.  Getting a new phone to confirm that it is the battery and not the phone.

Fantastic phone!Pros - extremely fast OS (going from one task to another is a breeze) and fast internet speeds; great texting; complete social integration (Facebook, Twitter, etc..) onto one platform (no need to check each account); beautiful interface, especially if you're tired of the same-old same-old iPhone look or generic Droid look - sticks out like no other!  More apps available then you'll ever use, and whatever major apps are missing (eg Pandora) will come out soon enough...Cons - lack of customization available on Droid...So impressed! Microsoft still has some punch and can deliver a seamless and beautiful product!

I got my pre-ordered Lumia 900 on Friday.  It was a terrific deal.  I was already very supportive of Windows phone having used an LG for about a year.  The Lumia is remarkably fast and despite the size of the screen fits easily in my pocket.  It is one of those phones people notice, and I have been comparing it quite favorably to the other smartphones in my family, including several iPhones.That is also a great phone, but the Nokia is consistently quicker at getting the results I need, and the call quality is a big step up from my previous device, and from the iPhone.The camera is also better, but it really helps to look at all of the custom options in the camera menu.  They make a difference.Nokia shipped it with a card to make an appointment with one of their customer service reps to go over the phone, and despite using a windows phone for more than a year, I found them exceptionally helpful.  I got my skydrive working very well and it is nice to have access to all my important work at a moment's notice.Overall, great phone and great deal. Also, somehow, with my contract I am actually paying less than my previous device, also on AT%T for data with an unlimited plan.Very happy with this device.

Have been using an Android smartphone, and it took a little while to figure that phone out (~2wks), with in 2 days I am very comfortable using most of the apps, and programs on my new Lumina 900.  Very intuitive so it doesn't take mush to get started.  I have one concern, It is difficult to see how much battery life is left.  It would be helpful to see a % of battery life left.  The camera is wonderful, and takes great pics.  I am looking forward to using the speech command options for calls, texting, etc.  Great phone for $9.99 as a upgrade.

I switched from Verizon to get my hands on this phone, what a beautiful design.  I've had the phone over a week now, and i havent found one thing to even nitpick.  You wont be disappointed.

This just might be the best smartphone for $99 (subsidized) and if that's your budget read no further- go and buy it. However, if you're looking to switch from a high-end Android-powered phone or the iPhone, keep reading.Summary-Despite all its surface eye candy (Live tiles, etc), after playing with Lumia 900 for a couple of days I found WP7 to be underwhelming in the usability and customization department. Microsoft's own Skype can NOT run in the background (rendering it useless as an always-on Skype phone). Lack of multiple "home screens" make app navigation cumbersome, especially if you have a large number of apps. Small amount of storage (16GB) and lack of memory card slot. Not the best ergonomics and touch interface.The review is divided into the following sections-Hardware and ErgonomicsOS and Metro GUIMusic StreamingApps and MarketplaceBackgrounding and MultitaskingEcosystemHARDWARE and ERGONOMICSPros-* FM Radio* Dedicated "Back", Search and Camera buttons* Standard Micro-USB port* 4G LTE SupportCons-* Doesn't have a good grip (slippery)* Display- very shiny/glossy, a fingerprint magnet* Might be too large for one-handed operation (for those with smaller sized hands)* Touch interface a tad sluggish/un-responsive* Dedicated "hard" buttons aren't customizable* Dedicated Search button isn't application- or context-sensitive (only Bing)* The phone cannot be unlocked (as of the time of writing)* Micro-USB port placement on top (not the best for car dashboard use)* Only 16Gb or memory and no memory expansion slots* Cannot be un-locked at present (even by ATT)BOTTOM LINE- if you have large hands, you might like its ergonomics, given you get a nice rubberized case for it. For people with small hands it may not be as convenient. And if you're looking for a lot of storage this isn't the phone to get with only 16GB.OS and METRO GUIPros-* Live Tiles* Windowing system with unified sliding bottom bar and common functions (Add, Remove, Select, etc) and horizontally "swipe-able" pages/screens across OS and apps* Customizable (pin/unpin and re-arrange) Home ScreenCons-* Limited 2-screen interface (i.e. Home Screen and App list)* Only one Home Screen (vs. multiple on Android or iOS)* App list can get very long and difficult to navigate. Only navigation option is using alphabetical search by app name (implying you have to remember all your app names).* Tiles on the App Screen are small and not very distinct/recognizable.* No ability to logically group apps/tiles (not without third-party tools anyway)* Only 11 accent colors and 2 backgrounds to chose from out of the box* Only 3 brightness levels (low, medium, high)+ Auto* Limited OS settings and info (for example- lack of WiFi network type/speed)* Lack of advanced settings for OS and apps (for example- only five configurable settings for Internet Explorer, no privacy settings besides cookies on/off, etc)* Toggles for WiFi, Bluetooth, etc are buried pretty deep. (fortunately there're third-party apps such as Toggle that bring them all to the Home Screen for ease of access.BOTTOM LINE- if you're using more than a handful of apps, navigation on this phone becomes cumbersome. Very limited customization and configuration settings. This is not a phone for app "geeks" and certainly not for those who like to customize their phones.Side note- it can be jailbroken, but since the Chevron project has been suspended, the only way is by having a developer-unlocked phone (AFAIK). So it really can't be easily jailbroken at present...MUSIC STREAMINGPros-* Bluetooth A2DP for streaming* Built-in FM radio (uses headphones as antenna)Cons-* No Airplay support* Lack of native Pandora clientBOTTOM LINE- Bluetooth is the only wireless streaming option.APPS AND MARKETPLACEPros-* Unified expanding bottom bar with application-specific settings and the "swipe-able" horizontal tabs/screens* Ability to "try" apps on the Marketplace before actually buying themCons-* To "sideload" any other apps outside of MS Marketplace, the phone has to be jailbroken and as the Chevron project has been suspended, seems that the only way is by having a developer-unlocked phone.* Some big omissions in the Marketplace (for example- Pandora, Google Voice, Talkatone, Citibank). There're some third-party equivalents though. Check first if your important apps are available for WP7.* Microsoft's own Skype version for WP7 is very basic and way inferior to its iPhone counterpart (for example- the lack of "Online Contacts" list, only "All Contacts" and "Recent Contacts").* Skype CANNOT run in the background (known issue). This means no incoming calls if Skype isn't in the foreground.BOTTOM LINE- while app selection isn't all that extensive, you can try them before buying. Missing Pandora client and half-baked implementation of Skype are inexcusable.BACKGROUNDING and MULTITASKINGPros-* Easy switching between backgrounded apps (by briefly holding Back button)Cons-* No ability to add/remove apps to be "backgrounded"* Lack of configuration settings to change background task behavior.* Some apps don't show up in Background Tasks list (e.g. TuneIn)* Lack of indication (e.g. a badge) on the app's Live Tile that it's running in the background in the App List or the Home Screen* Skype does not run in the backgroundBOTTOM LINE- Backgrounding on WP7 is very limited and not customizable with some glaring omissions, such as Skype.ECOSYSTEMI don't believe there's much ecosystem that evolved yet around this phone and WP7. There're only a handful of docks, speakers, and accessories made for this phone besides your general BT accessories.BOTTOM LINE- if you're invested in an iPhone ecosystem, don't expect anything close to it with Lumia 900/WP7.THE BOTTOM BOTTOM LINE- If you're in the market for a phone with good connectivity options (4G LTE) and a pretty GUI that is not iOS or Android, this is it. And with its $99 subsidized price it's probably the best smartphone ever ! However, if you're an app person/tinkerer/power user/jailbreaker- stay away from this phone.

I went to the local ATT store and noticed the standing out Lumia ad painted on their walls. I briefly played with the phone and they were nice. One thing I noticed that the skype app was missing and I was not able to find it on the marketplace. When I asked the salesperson, she just told me to go to marketplace to download it. I am not sure if she has been trained to sell the phone. I do see people buying these new phones. I am going to buy the cyan or black one for myself and a white one (when it comes out) for my wife.

Why on earth would I ditch my Dual core LTE qHD screened android phone ( droid bionic) for a phone with a single core processor and a 800 x 480 sceen resolution? Use it. You'll know why. This phone really flies through everything without ever really slowing down , and looks good while doing it.Lets start with the OS. If you don't like windows phone you won't like this phone so why are you even reading a review? If you aren't really interested in iOS and aren't really satisfied by Android , its a refreshing alternative. It runs extremely smooth , the apps , while not as abundant are very high quality and don't force close all the time like on Android ( Don't argue with me I've had 3 android phones and a nook running Cyanogenmod and all of them have had force close issues). The only absentees that I miss in the app market are Angry birds space , Rio , and Seasons, though I think Space is coming eventually. Rocket Riot is a great game and should be downloaded by everyone.Hardware? This phone feels great in the hand. Solid , smooth , not at all uncomfortable to hold with a little heft to make it feel substantial but its not a brick. The screen is gorgeous. Doesn't have the bluish tint that other AMOLED screens suffer from. Very visible outside , and most of the time the resolution is something thats not noticeable  and looks sharper than some hi-res pentile arrays on android phones. Its great to look at. Thats all that matters , and the polarized glass is a big plus.Camera- You can definitely get some solid shots out of the thing. Outside pictures have a great amount of depth and detail to them. Inside pictures do fairly well depending on lighting. Though there are some coloration issues , the auto-fix feature greatly improves the pictures. I haven't taken any videos but from what I've seen posted online its reasonably good quality , but its not gonna knock your socks off. The Bionic took better pictures and video , but it also force closed in all kinds of apps , had a half broken gallery app that even when brand new with a mighty dual core processor was not nearly as smooth as the gallery app on this phone , and it also lacked a camera button and took longer to take pictures and to open the camera app.Reception/Call quality- I switched from Verizon to AT&T; so I can't compare it to other phones directly , but reception seems pretty good and call quality is fantastic. The loudspeaker for music is also very loud and clear for a phone.Battery life- Even getting up early and staying up late , I havent killed it in a day yet after about a week. Battery life is good enough to be something you won't have to think about unless you play games or stream video or use GPS or something like that which will take its toll on any phone.So why shouldn't you buy this phone? If you think that having a higher screen resolution and a faster processor matters more than the actual experience of the phone and how the screen looks , or If you think you'll actually use all of the hundreds of thousands of apps in Apple or Googles appstore. Otherwise its worth a shot. Is it the best phone that could ever exist? No , in 6 months something will come along with better everything , but thats true of almost any phone you'll buy. Overall , I think the experience on the phone for the price of the phone made it a no brainer for me.

This is one of the best buy and really satisfied with the quality and service from Nokia. Highly recommended for friends and family. I am patiently waiting for Windows Phone picking up the mainstream so that key apps like banking and more messenger apps to be released soon.

I understand i phone has lot of apps, but i got this phone today and i liked many things in this phone mainly screen display which makes easy watching videos music etc

I must say, this is a very solid feeling phone - I'm surprised at the quality of the build... not that I expected something subpar, but that it exceeds my expectations of how a handset feels.  That's the most surprising part of the phone - physically, it feels over-engineered, much to the benefit of its customers.The OS is slick.  Suspend disbelief and look past the Windows logo, and you'll be pleasantly surprised by the user interface, smooth graphics and speed of connectivity.Not a perfect phone, but a damn good value.I rated it 4 stars because I had issues with getting it set up correctly and having AT&T; port the number was a bigger hassle than it should have been.

I am loving this phone way too much to give a completely objective review. But I can tell you something.The black of the screen is so dark that you almost cannot distinguish it from the bezel! Its awesome! On a more technical term, the black part of the screen literally does not consume any power, and as windows phone has more black than any other color in its UI, the battery life gets a significant boost from it.LTE is awesome. My LTE speed is almost as much as I get in my home by WiFi! YouTube in HQ!The front-facing camera is amazing. If video chat has any preference at all, this is the phone to get. I am comparing to HTC Titan.The build quality! If anyone is not familiar with Nokia's build quality, they can buy this phone eyes closed. Easily the best built phone in market. It lives up to Nokia's standard easily.The phone feels really superior to hold. The side of the phone is rounded, not boxy or edgy, so its really easy to hold. And the texture of the poly-carbonate body makes thing even sweeter.Fantastic call quality. Nokia held up to their reputation in call quality. The positioning of the external speaker allows you to listen to music or talk on speakerphone regardless of which side of the phone is facing up.If you are buying this under contract, I challenge anyone to find a better deal than this phone at under $100/$50. This is not a flawless phone, but if you look at the price, it blows all other phones out of the water.BUY THIS PHONE.

been an iphone user since first iphone came out. after playing with 1/2 millions apps, after paying $99 bucks for Tomtom apps. I found Nokia 900 pretty easy to use, simple layout, free GPS, awesome speed. it is very hard to beat the fact that this phone is actually free when i placed my order.

This is definitely the best and and most gorgeous cell phone that I ever had! I would recommend it to everyone

I had a Samsung Focus before but it was worn down after 2 years and I upgraded to this phone from all the craze created. Great phone. Size is perfect for me. Beautiful screen. Only complaint is the lack of expandable memory. I had a 16 gb micro sd for my focus and couldn't move the songs over. Other than that best phone  ever owned.

The Nokia Lumia 900 is, without a doubt, the best phone I have ever owned. I have owned Android, iOS, and Symbian as well as others in the past. The hardware on the 900 is beautiful. It just feels and looks good. The Windows software has far exceeded my expectations. After using this I doubt I will ever want to use anything else. I was worried about not having access to all the apps I was used to having but I was able to find everything I needed in the windows marketplace. I don't have anything more to say than what the other positive reviewers have said just more of the same. If you are wondering whether this is a good phone for you, I say give it a chance, you will like it.

This is really awesome phone - the best in looks and the OS is quite brilliant too.. (oh the at&t; also say the same..) well that was unintentional but it really is awesome.. you just can't help saying the praises.. I had the Samsung galaxy and immediately fell love with this one. On droid you just get lost... this is so easy to manage and so elegant . I think NOKIA did an awesome job par excellence and the exclusive apps that Nokia has are brilliant too especially the Nokia Music, Nokia reader (like kindle) and Nokia maps (based on Navigon) are the ones I like very much. I hear they are going to get some exclusive games from EA and Rovio. Apart from that you get office, skype, skydrive, outlook, xbox etc out of the box ! It is nice to put pictures on favorite and see them come live on main screen when you pin them. You can pin just any thing - individual phone contacts too apps (quite a granularity!).. The news360 & pulse are great news/rss apps that I have pinned to main screen. The notifications are nice from the apps - and you don't have to even click on the apps to know .. the whole concept of seeing your weather notifications, phones, facebook etc is neat and saves time..The best phone based on looks and one of the best based on productivity of OS + apps!!

Lumia 920 goes for $449 without contract and $99 with 2 yr in AT&T right now, why would anybody buy a 900 for this price? 920 is so much better with it's awesome camera, better screen, wireless charging, new operating system and a lot of other cool features...

I'm impressed with the software and hardware. I only wish the battery could stay longer. I am charging my phone twice a day even when i don't talk. Poorest battery i have seen in a smart phone.

I just go Lumia 900 today being a developer and wanted to get hands on this device. Seriously, Microsoft Metro UI really sucks and I found it very difficult to navigate. I would not recommend it to any of my friends. I am unable to connect to WIFI, this really sucks. My password is OK, Android and Apple devices connect quickly this this one just keeps looking for wifi.Nokia and Microsoft has so much to catch up.

I was not sure about moving away from my iPhone 4s (yes that is what I said!),  other then a few missing apps out of the 30 or so I use,  this phone has been refreshing to use and hold.  I am on the road 3+ days per week and from a social aspect this phone makes my old phone (iPhone 4S) seem archaic.  once you give it your Live/hotmail, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Exchange (if you have it) accounts it does something no other phone will do.  it integrates all of them into a common people hub and fills in all the missing pieces.  After I discovered GROUPS and pinned one for each of my Family, Work, Friends to my screen I never seem to go back to facebook, or other social tools and I can update everyone everywhere on my my travels with ease.another feature I noticed early is the Voice navigation! yes no expensive app needed,  just use the built in BING maps or the free Nokia Drive application with downloadable maps so you dont need to use your data plan.there are so many things to describe and I am sure I will run out of space!  I guess I would say you need to explore the phone for the little things that make like easier.  the BING Music finder,  Text converter,  QR/Code scanner all build into the phone.  or silly things like clicking on a picture you took and seeing a list of apps that you have that can manipulate this item.oh a great feature for me was this.  SKYDRIVE!! so it seems Microsoft gives everyone 25G of free storage in the cloud (think Internet), this is part of your Live account (Live.com, hotmail.com, etc)  once you setup your Live account on the phone and tell it to use it to store your pictures and stuff you will never loose anything again!  photos you take are backed up automatically.LTE = amazing speed!  ok so 3G was good,  4G is really a bit faster then 3G (it is really 3.5 or HSPA+) and LTE is faster then my DSL at home!  yes I speed test anywhere from 8Mbps to 22Mbps (Dallas, Houston)  keep in mind that not ALL CITIES are LTE.  the top 50 cities or the top 100 cities are LTE.  the rest will be 4G.  also note that my now "crappy" iPhone 4S is only 4G (remember really only a bit faster then my old 3GS iPhone)PS: my 13yo son who has an iPhone 4 wants to trade it and get a phone like mine :-)

I was a little skeptical getting a Windows phone and that too a Nokia. I know Nokia made solid phones in the past but in recent times has lagged behind HTC, Samsung and the likes. I couldn't decide between the Lumia and HTC One X and also wasn't sure if I should wait for the Galaxy SIII. I decided to get the Lumia and have absolutely no regrets.Microsoft has done a wonderful job with the new OS. It is extremely fluid, touch sensitivity is amazing. Even though it has a single core processor, the phone is very fast. Ans seriously, I don't think one will notice a huge difference between a Lumia and other dual/quadcore processors when it comes to daily stuff like browsing, using maps etc. The browser is really fast at loading pages but that I think is down to the ATT LTE network which may or may not be available in every region.The maps application on this phone is a definite selling point. WAY better than google maps. Just the way the application renders is wonderful.It is integrated with a number of features which will tell you nearby restaurants, places of interest with just a swipe. The phone is also integrated with social media apps like facebook and twitter. So if you're big on these then you won't have to sign in to different apps, its all integrated in one place. Sharing pictures on social media and via email is also very simple; no need to open apps etc you can share it directly after you click a picture.Camera quality is good, not the best but good enough for random stuff. So no complains there. It also has an actual camera button which can also start the camera application directly.The polycarbonate unibody feels really sturdy and smooth. Gives it a classy look. I have already dropped the phone a few times and there wasn't a scratch. The screen is tough too; its made of gorilla glass so it wont crack as easily as the iphone does.Windows marketplace cannot compete with the volume of apps on Android or apple app store. But the apps for lumia are quality. There are apps from Microsoft, third party apps and also some really cool and useful apps from Nokia. One downside is the battery life. Maybe its just the way I use it, but I have to charge my battery everyday. Its the only complain I have because my blackberry could go for 2-3 days on a single charge. But again with the hardware on this phone and the amount of data it eats, 24 hours of charge with a good amount of usage throughout the day is reasonable.So, if you can't decide whether you want this phone, I say please give it a shot. Chances are you'll fall in love with this phone!

Why this phone is awesome:1)The device is solid and well designed.2)Most of popular applications are now available on windows phone.3)Easy to unlock4)Cost $150 (8/2013)

Nokia lumia 900 is simply the best phone out there, and for the price its a bargain. Windows on the phone rocks. You can read office docs without any paid apps

I got an early upgrade after talking to ATT and the phone arrived on Friday 6th April. I have used the Samsung Focus before and I liked it. The Lumia 900 is gorgeous by design and a little heavy compared to the Focus. The great screen and the "Built like a Tank" build is top class. A couple of friends have already switched to the Lumia 900 after seeing my phone. Definetley deserves a 5 star!!!Pros:Great screenBrilliant 8 MP Carl Zeiss CameraFluid transitions and scrollGood battery life (Lasted 1.5 days on a full charge with regular use)Excellent design and buildCons:A little heavy compared to my other phonesThe App market has seen a lot of growth and expect for "Temple Run" I dont miss anything from iOS that I use on a daily basis.

Ive had my Nokia Lumia 900 (cyan) for over a month, My old phone was an android Samsung Vibrant which seems so slow and clunky now. If you want a phone that does what it suppose too. with out tinkering with it, this is it,  The Beta test is over! ,its still better than my android, also check out how many reviews are former I phone peeps. Windows is awesome never looking back. and addressing any issues on this phone updates are very fast from microsoft & Nokia.this phone is simple but Awesome, take it for a test spin you have 30 days. after 30 days you won't wanna give it up.( Update as of june 21, 2012 ) MS today gave us the low down about WP8 an WP7.5 will not be Part of it. But we still are getting an new update WP7.8 which is the new opening screen on WP8 with more choices of tile size an color. some apps may still be written so wp7.5 can still use them. the phone still rocks, but at this point you may want to hold out for release oF WP8 coming later this year.also Nokia is releasing some new apps for WP7.5 so its still good.

Coming from a Samsung Focus the Nokia Lumia 900 is a definite step up.Processor speed:  Noticably quicker in places like the xbox live app where your avatar pops up quicker and games (especially the Harvest)and apps load much quicker.Screen:  The 4.3" screen is beautiful and easy to read in the outdoor sun with little glare.  The touchscreen is responsive and the gorilla glass is very durable.Camara:  Outdoor shots are great, the 720P video is great.  Better than my focus.  Indoor shots can suffer from noise depending on lighting, but are still pretty good for a phone.  Hopefully Nokia will fine tune some of the settings in future firmware updates.Software:  I can only recommend people tryout WP7 and make their own opinions about it.  The OS runs very smoothly, with little to no lag, and very almost never locks up.  In fact I can't think of one time in 18 months of owning my Focus that I had to do a hard reset.Apps:  I would be lying if I said that WP7 was lacking some apps.  While a large portion of the most popular apps on the other OS platforms have either official apps or 3rd party apps on WP7 there are a lot that don't.  The positive thing is that as the user base growns, the potential for these apps to come to the market are much greater.  And while it is not an app, per se, I still consider the Zune service to be the best thing ever, and the driving force for me to go WP7.  $10 a month for unlimited DRM protected music downloads (you cancel service you can't play them), has allowed me to download entire catalogs of musicians, and to explore other types of music without the financial risk.  Plus I can stream music from my PC, Xbox, and phone if I don't want to download.  By far my favorite service with WP7.Nokia Apps:  This is one area that app market shine on the Nokia Lumia 900.  Nokia Drive, a full offline, voice navigated, turn by turn, GPS app is FREE.  Offering the ability to download anything from individual states to full countries of offline navigation.  Creative Studio is a phenominal picture editing app.  The ESPN app is well set up, offering video and live tiles for each sport.  And I read nothing but praise for Nokia Transit.The only con I have about the phone for me is the increase in size will take some time to get used to. Being significantly larger in the hand I have almost dropped the phone a couple times.For those who are interested in the WP7 platform, this is a great phone to enter the platform on.  The build quality is exceptional, the OS experience is fluid, and the phone is a joy to use.  Personally, I've had a hard time putting the phone down since I got it on the 6th.

Ease of set up; fabulous screen; very intuitive operating system;after about 2 hours of playing with it,the apps i use were all set up;I was pretty familiar with the phone; the synch with my outlook Exchange and server host was so fast and smooth.  The screen is so good I will not need my reading glasses.  There have been no challenges; errors. Everything has been smooth and quick.  Can't wait for 4G to come to my area.  This phone truly rocks. Apple vs. Nokia windows.  I think I am going to like Windows as well, if not better than Apple's IOS.  the hardware is gorgeous.  You will not be disappointed.

I love me new Lumia 900. It's a work of art and the best smartphone I have ever used. It's just that good. It feels great to hold. The screen quality is just vibrant and gorgeous. You get such an high end phone of an incredible price.

Even with the specs such a fast phone! Much faster then all the other androids I tested. Wow I was blown away with the speed of this device!

I pre-ordered the Nokia Lumia 900 from AT&T; and received it on Friday April 6th. My past phones where all iPhones and after reading a lot about Window's Phone 7 OS, I decided I would make the switch when the Lumina 900 was released.I'm very impressed with this phone! The quality of the phone it self is amazing for a $100 phone and the quality of the OS is amazing as well. I can't believe how easy and smooth this phone is to use.As for the Apps... all the important ones are there. The only app I miss from my iPhone is DropBox but hopefully with a little persuasion, DropBox will port their app to WP7.

i switched to this phone wanting something more interesting and technologically advanced than my iphone 4. this phone had that in spades. the cool-factor for this phone is high. except for the lack of apps, i really like the windows OS. the reception is almost as strong as my iphone was. the bad part (for me) - the battery life was terrible. i read most of the reviews for this product before i bought it, and it seemed that most people thought the battery life for this phone was better than most smart phones. not knowing much about other smart phones (other than the iphone 4), i can't really comment on that. however, this phone doesn't hold a candle to the iphone 4 in terms of battery life. it's not even in the same galaxy. i ran some tests on battery life with and without the battery saver turned on. here were my results:- saver off - i fully charged the phone and let it sit. every hour i would check the battery % as shown on the battery saver page. after 1 hr: 100%, after 2: 100%, after 3: 100%, after 4: 100%, after 5: 100%, after 6: 76%. a 24% drop inside of an hour? so either the battery meter doesn't show the battery drain in a linear fashion, or some very serious background tasks started running an hogged up 24% of the battery. either way, unacceptable. i repeated the test after charging the phone up to 100% (and let it continue to charge an additional hour or so), and received similar results.- saver on - with battery saver turned on, a little heart obscured the battery meter. i repeated the test above and received similar results. however, it took a bit longer. the battery didn't start to drain until the 7th hour, and it drained to 79% instead of 76%. so a little better, but still not acceptable.i conducted a few more tests, and wasn't happy with the results regarding battery life. i can let my iphone sit over night on a full charge and when i check it in the morning, it's either at 99 or a 100 percent.bottom line, if you have an iphone 4 right now and battery life is really important to you, i recommend that you do not switch to this phone.

The Lumia 900 would have been an instrument sufficient to suit my needs. As an A.T.T. item it gets a pass.

The Nokia Lumia 900 is a great phone.  Solid and Inexpensive.  Coming from a Samsung Galaxy 1 with an Android platform, I was a bit spectacle about the Windows operating system, however Windows nicely integrates everything from social media to podcasts.  The screen is not as large as comparable phones on the market, which is a good thing.  The only thing I miss about my old Galaxy is the swipe texting.  Typing Sucks.

I switched to this Windows Phone from an iPhone 4 and love it! At first I wasn't sure since phones have come a long way since I got my iPhone two years ago. I also had two Androids (the Galaxy Note and Galaxy S3) after the iPhone but returned it and went back to Windows. Here are my reasons why I switched.Screen size: The iPhone seems so tiny after using other phones. I know new ones are coming out but why wait? Also, who knows exactly what the new iPhone will be like. The 4.3 inch screen on the Nokia Lumia 900 was perfect. Large enough to enjoy for videos (YouTube and Netflix) but not too large as with the Note. The stats for the resolution are not as dazzling the in person, the screen is clear and beautiful.Operating system: Beautiful to look at and easy to use. Android is not what I would call intuitive. Customizable yes, but kinda hard to use. I know people will say I should learn to use the phone better but I don't think it should require that much effort. With the iPhone, use is as simple as can be. The Windows Phone is just as simple. Set up is a completed in seconds. I love the live tiles, especially the Me and People tiles. The integration with social media is far better than anything on Android or Apple.Build quality: The iPhone was wonderful quality. No complaints there. the look has become a bit stale to me over the past few years though. Plus, you must use a case to protect it. The Lumia 900 is just as nice of built but with a fresher look to it. It is also much more durable. I don't even use a case with it. The black coloring goes through the case completely making scratches hard to see. The Android phones I had were both Samsung and made of plastic. They felt like plastic too. I was terrified to drop them in a way I would never be with an iPhone or the Lumia 900.The main drawback is the lack of apps. Still, there are over 100,000 apps and more all the time. A few are missing like Pandora but I'm OK with using I Heart Radio instead. The number of apps is deceiving anyway. There must be thousands of fart apps for Android.The price of this phone has been dropped to only $49. It is an absolute steal for that price.

Although I just got the phone this past Monday, I am completely impressed with the premium design and feel of the device.  It's extremely fluid to use and the screen is simply beautiful.  The blacks are pure black...not a dark shade of grey...and this screen really works in direct sunlight.  The front camera is cool with wide angle lens and the rear 8MP shooter takes excellent shots.  My first Windows phone and I must say, it's been enjoyable. I got the cyan/blue model for a nice change...always had black or silver phones in the past, but this color is very nice IMO.As for any memory glitch...no issue for me to date...but I'll take the extra 100 bucks just the same!!!!  That makes this a zero dollar purchase with a 2 year contract.  Not bad.

"Disappointing as Flagship product"; nice upgrade from Andriod or "feature phone". Not wothwhile to upgrade from WIndows 7.5 phone and likely outdated in ~6 months...The Nokia Lumina 900 is the latest in a long line of Windows phones I have had.Upgraded from Samsung Focus and own Apple products, too.UPDATED REVIEW, after using for a week, interacting with Nokia's support, a day of sigh-seeing with both the Lumina 900 and Samsung Focus as cameras for taking pictures, and lots of discussion and feedback"Stars": If compared to an Adroid phone; any Windows 7.5 phone gets 4 or 5 stars.... but I am reviewing compared to a 2 year old Samsung Focus that became a "reliable friend" and the goal of the Nokia 900 to be the "best Windows phone" and flagship product for both Nokia and Microsoft. And it simply falls short on may details.I waited with anticipation for the 900, skipping iPhone 4S, even as eligable for upgrade for 6 months. Simply disappointed.Pros:- nice design (got the white one) and  Windows 7.5 "just works". Good price for $99; even better deal if you can get it cheaper.- Gets "looks"; people want to know what it is.- large screen- front facing camera- good battery life (8 hours using email, txt, a little phone and GPS while sight seeing in New York)Cons:- NO UPGRADE to Windows Phone 8: based on "concensus rumors" this device will not be upgradable to Windows 8 and therefor not sure how much improvements Microsoft or Nokia will make for this specific device.- Photos are MUCH worse than with my Samsung Focus. Pictures taken on that old phone have replaced my point and shoot camera, the Nokia is not even in the same league and nearly unusuable both indoor and outdoor. UPDATE: Hardware issues got fixed; pictures and SPEED and EASE of use are still far sub par the Samsung Focus (sadly). I tried losts of the recommendations and while the did improve; it is just not practial to change settings before every shot.- No easy migration from one windows to another windows device. Setup of 4 email accounts was relatively easy, but with reinstallation of all apps etc. it took over an hour to set it up. Had moved form ipad2 to iPad3 and even my game achievments did migrate after two clicks.- Nokia support: They replied quickly BUT: feedback from this discussion was far more helpful... and their recommendation was basically: reset to actory settings... which would have me g to another round of "set up" and re-installs...- Screen: looks nice but easy to scratch (ATT employee showed me scratches on his new device). So got the screenprotector film, but its making the screen unreadable outdoors and very grainy indors. Will for sure return the "screen protector".- Size: while the larger screen is nice; it actualy is hard to use with one hand now ("medium man's hand"; missing "back arrow" with my thumb all the time...)and always afraid it will slip. So there might be an "optimal size" for a phone; where additional screen size need justifies a tabled and the "phone" stays smaller.- scratches easily; both the back and the screenprotector don't look "new" after one week use "in pocket" and without a case.-details: beautiful round power plug... BUT.... it covers "two poweroutlets"... and in the hotel only 2 of 8 outlets in the room were usable with this plug....In summary: not sure if i will keep the phone for the family, or return completely. I will likely go back to Samsung focus and wait for iPhone 5 or better Windows devices.

Wonderful gadget!!Very easy to use,the tiles make it so simple to switch places smoothly, glad that I bought it, already got lots of compliments from collegues....

Listen, I am reading some of these reviews on different online sites and I can't believe how ignorant some people want to sound.  Statements like this phone sucks with absolutely no explaination is just plain anti-Nokia/Windows Mobile bashers venting with a smile.If these people had actually used the phone and were able to give you a true review of the device it would likely be a 4 out of 5 STARS or better in my opinion.I mean lets see, I have had the phones for almost 1 week and there is obviously a learning curve for me as you will see below because I had no prior Win Mobile IOS experience.The learning curve was not that tedious and I can tell you that on day 1, I was fidling around a little longer than I wanted to trying to text or make calls from my phone list but once I got all my contacts transfered and placed as I wanted, and got used to the voice commands, I am one happy camper.Got my 2009 Chevrolet Silverado pickup all set up with bluetooth and mount accessories as well as the 3.5mm male to male plugged into my stereo and within a week I am now wondering how I got by without all these luxuries...lol.SOME REVIEW POINTS:Phone is FAST....NO LAG...ie...FAAAAAAAAAAAST.  (FACT!)Phone is great size and weight.  (Personal Opinion)Phone Screen is vivid and sharp.  The touch while typing is very responsive.  The keyboard and texting ability is better than any phone I have ever used.  (Personal Opinion)Phone is user friendly.  (Personal Opinion)Win. Mobile 7.5 OS is great.  (Personal Opinion)Batt. life is OK and could be better (Use Batt Saver Setting).  (Personal Opinion)No Flash Video support for Win Mobile 7.5. sucks. I mean come on what is the deal it's Windows....hello.  Definitely not a deal breaker for me just a little inconvenient as most sites I use it on have apps that work for the phone just like Apple iPhone has to have and hopefully Win Mobile 8 will have the support.  (Personal Opinion)Zune Music Pass for $99.00 a year and my in car stereo linked is...can I say it...yes....a Pandora killer!!!  Zune Music Pass is amazing and I am loving it.  (Personal Opinion)XBox Live for gaming....GREAT...nuff said!  (FACT!)Nokia Apps including Nokia Drive means bye bye Garmin.  This app is sooo great and it is FREE!!!  Used it all last weekend in Detroit Suburbs and it worked flawlessly.  (Personal Opinion)I have used a few smartphones/tablets, Samsung Epic (android) and the Apple 3gs (IOS) and Motorola Xoom wifi (android) and they had some good features and some I absolutely hated.  I do not like clutter or searching redundantly for apps/options and the Nokia Lumia 900 just absolutely WORKS for me!  I love the voice command controls and how freaking amazing the voice recognition software works.This is my first smartphone with Windows Mobile OS and I can say I am a fan of it now and am eagerly anticipating the release of 8 and hope it is slated for release via update to the Nokia Lumia 900.I have the black one and my wife has the white one and they look awesome....kind of wish I had got the white one also it looks sweet.Oh and BTW, thank-you to NOKIA for stepping up to the plate with the data issue that was quickly addressed and updated via software fix.  I mean, I never saw the problem because there is no LTE available where I live yet (coming in 2013 ;-))and I bought the phones after all the issues were resolved and still get the $100.00 credit on EACH phone as well as having got the $100.00 in accessories for each phone from AT&T.;  All that and $99.00 for each phone.So take it as you see it but this is my 2 cents and I say the phone rocks and I am a fan.EDIT:  Forgot to mention the cameras.  All good, I use canon cameras home and work and I can tell you that if you want a Really Great picture from this camera all you have to do is make some setting adjustments for ISO and light but I have found that the camera works very well in auto settings just able to take better photos with ISO and light adjustments.  Camera is GREAT!

This Nokia phone is the best smart phone in the market. And you could not believe the price is such low.

I had bad experience before with windows mobile. i had HTC couple years ago with windows mobile 6. and it was so bad.but this Nakia lumia 900 with Windows mobile 7.5 Mango is really great phone. so fast. clean interface, great reception because it's nakia.I really liked it. I have it for 4 days now.the only thing that i don't like that the lake of apps but it's not really big deals they keep adding apps everyday.

I was weary getting a Windows phone because no one says anything nice but can never tell me why Windows isn't as good as IOS or Android. I decided to take the leap and was truly blown away and have fallen in love with this device. Having switched from the iPhone and no longer being tethered to the horrid iTunes application Windows phone is the platform of the future. Please give me an Air-Play equivalent for X-Box Microsoft.

People need space for music and pictures.  I was hoping for a 64GB micro SDXC.  People also don't trust the cloud.Sorry.  Me no buy.Next.

I've owned quite some phones, from normal feature phones to iPhones. I was quite sceptical due to win mobile's bad reputation, but after trying it in-store I decided to give it a chance. The phone is so different and beautiful, and the system is just a joy to use and even look at. With the facebook integration, the tiles are not bland  at all, but blistering with photos and information. It s said that there is no personalisation on windows phones, but for me the ability to see updated photos of my friends and family integrted into the intface makes the phone more persona than custom lanchers could ever do.Sure, there might be fewer apps, but I foun everything I needed. If you need a phone that's beautiful, fast and just works, you can't go wrong with this gem.

This phone is just amazing.  The windows OS runs very smooth.  I love Nokia apps, especially Nokia Drive, the offline GPS.  Google maps on android is buggy and drains the battery big-time.  Also, you can't use google maps offline.  The browsing on phone is super fast, seems to be faster than my home DSL.  Currently, there is big hoopla about no upgrade to windows 8 but in my opinion, the phone in current state is quite smooth and will get some upgrades.  At $50, the phone is still a good deal.

**Using my husband's Amazon account **I traded in my Blackberry at the AT&T; online store for this phone and boy was I glad I did. It feels like I advanced technologically 5 years overnight. My husband has an iPhone and he can't stop playing with my phone, and the only thing stopping him from getting one is his contact isn't up for another 2 months. So far for me the 'lack of apps' is overblown - if you are looking for some odd ball apps that few people use, maybe you will find more of them on iTunes but there are Lumia apps like the Nokia nav that beats having 5 iPhone apps. Just downloaded the OS fix and will see how that fares in the coming days but so far very happy with the phone.PS. Remember how long it took Apple to admit to the antenna problem? Nokia/MS came right out and produced a fix in less than a week and issued a more than generous credit. There will always be bugs but I would much rather be dealing with a company that is forthcoming.

just came back from s trip to Chicago downtown. the dense highrise buildings there disabled my friends' phone GPS and my TomTom, but this phone amazingly got GPS signal all along and everywhere, combined with preloaded Illinois map, it is simply the best travelling companion.other great features have been covered by other reviews. below just a few my favoritesExcellent phone never dropping calls, seamless Outlook/Exchange server integration no other OS got, powerful mobile Office center with SkyDrive office app, worldwide offline map turn by turn navigation, unmatchable email/texting experience, nail hammering build quality even on the front side...I am not too worried about the issue of WP8 upgrade. actually, even if they offer Lumia900 upgrade to WP8, I may not go for it. I may just leave it to my next phone when everything is all settled down. as my auto industry friends once told me, never buy the first build of the new model car, there will always be issues only show up after product release (like the big brand death grip...). to me the reliability is important. besides, I am sure Nokia and Microsoft will take care current Lumia users with new apps and updates to the point of hardware allow.

I have owned Androids (EVO, Captivate, original Droid) and iPhones (3G, 3GS, etc) and I will never go back to either of those platforms after using Windows Phones 7. I have WP7 Samsung Focus, Samsung Focus Flash, HTC Trophy, and now the NOKIA Lumia 900. In my opinion Windows Phone OS is the best! It is buttery smooth with no lag or "force close" of apps and super fast. The OS is optimized so well that it out performs phones with dual cores and yet it has superior battery life. Microsoft redesigned this OS from scratch and every aspect was thought out so well (love the integration of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Messenger baked right into the OS...simply brilliant). The craftsmanship of the Lumia 900 is second to none right now in the smartphone world. I own a cyan one and the color just pops!

The Lumia 900 is the best little device I have ever owned and I have had everything from the iPhone to BlackBerry, Palm Pre/WebOS and multiple Android devices. WP7 is a clean and clear os that is fluid and smooth and fun to use. The GPS locks on instantly....no more waving my phone in the air in circles looking for a GPS lock(I'm looking at YOU Samsung and HTC)...Call quality is clear and I have yet to drop a call. The speaker is loud and clear enough for me to listen to music or old  radio shows and hear everything clearly. The Lumia 900 is well built with a fantastic screen. I have never felt any kind of brand loyalty toward a cell phone.....until now. Nokia is my new favorite company that has created my all time favorite phone. I seriously don't want to put the thing down. Great work Nokia.

First, the phone is $39.99 here on Amazon and then on top of that amazing savings, Nokia is giving everyone who buys it before Sunday a $100 credit on their AT&T; account.  I'm no math whiz but I just made $60 by upgrading to an amazing phone!  WooHoo!I have seen and used the Lumia 900 at the local AT&T; store.  I've read all of the tech reviews.  I love it and I'm confident that when it arrives this weekend or early next week, I will be extremely happy. If I'm not happy, I promise to come runny back to this review and warn everyone of potential issues.I have been a Window's 7 user since it first came out with my Samsung Focus.  I was a user since before we had cut and paste so I know the OS well.  I've owned others phones too and Windows smokes them all.  I was with BlackBerry since the Pearl (and had the Curve and 8830).  I had an iPhone 3Gs and have an iPhone 4s for work.  I have an Android tablet.  I know how to use all of these operating systems and the Windows 7.5 Mango OS beats them all hands-down.The Windows OS takes advantage of side whipping finger movements to navigate you through applications features which feels more natural that the iOS clicking all of these tiny buttons at the top of the screen.  The picture is very clear and Windows saves a ton of juice by using a black background on most screens.  The live tiles are amazing too!  It even updates someone's facebook picture on their live tile when they change it!  I love pining things to the home screen.  I can scroll down 20+ lines with the flick of a finger because of all of the apps and people I have pinned!The company I work for uses GOOD to sync iOS, Android, and Windows OS with corporate email accounts.  The GOOD application was just released today and has a few bugs but works great overall!The camera with the Carl whatever is really nice too.  I use my cell to take all my pictures so I'm super excited to get my hands on the 900.  It took suck clear and focused pictures and video in the AT&T; store!The app store is still a little weak but a benefit is that I don't have to troll through all those junk apps!  Some of the apps need a little refining but most work very well and take full advantage of the Windows 7 Mango way of doing things.As a BlackBerry lover, my cellphone joy comes from being able to communicate and organize my contacts and appointments.  Windows OS does it so much better!  Windows OS is what the BlackBerry should have evolved to and more.I really can't say enough about the Windows OS and Lumia 900.  I would really recommend giving it a try with this device and for this price.  You could always switch back to your old phone and return this one if you're allergic to doing things better and enjoying your phone more. :)

I owned a HTC smart phone with windows for at least a couple of years. I was very impressed with the Screen size, and uniqueness of the phone . This new NOKIA is a mess with its mini screen , so much for smart . I thought it was "UPGRADED",not ! I'd rather own a tracfone .

This phone is a work of art.  The hardware is slick and the functionality is excellent.  I waited to can my Blackberry for this phone to come out & I'm glad I did.  Since we run a Microsoft Exchange shop at work the Lumia 900 becomes our #1 supported corporate phone very soon.

I love this phone!The good: looks great (phone & screen), runs very smoothly (operating system, most apps, video), musics sounds great (better than any dedicated music device I have owned). It is so easy to use. Live tiles make the phone seem alive. Nokia drive and maps are great. I love Zune, have had it for a long while and its even better on this.What needs improvement: apps - there are a few out there that I can't find replacements for, but I know that MS is improving in this area and will continue to do so, so I am not too worried about that.What is a bit disappointing? - the camera, it takes just average pictures, but I don't need professional level pics. Not bad enough to take away a star.Obviously everyone has their own needs/wants for a smart phone, and each phone (iPhone/android/WP/BB) offer something for everyone. If you are in the market for a smartphone, I highly recommend at least trying this in an At&t; store and see what you think.

Cons: The integration of contact, dialing and search is almost none compared to android. I believe windows and Nokia will work on this. The unibody plastic feels kinda cheap. very limited options for everything. Still can figure how to use my own song to be the alarm. When people call me from Skype, they can't hear me, but can hear them.Pros: simple to use. Never crush. CHEAP TO GET. Good design. 4G LTE.It is a great phone, but still has a long way to go for both windows and Nokia.I rated it only by its features and functions, four star is a pretty fair score.Used 4 android and this is my first windows phone.

This is the best phone avaialable in market. Excellent battery life. Nice screen size. Most of all the apps + excellent games from xbox. + Zune software integration with wifi podcast makes it a real smart phone. Syncs happen on wifi while the phone is charging. Very Snappy interface. Live tiles tells me number of emails in my inbox + missed calls right in my face without going into email app. Only thing I dont like is Camera (blue tint in low light situations) but performs well in good light and outdoors. Love the GPS app Nokia Drive which comes free with the phone(Does not require data plan or any service from your att). Otherwise similar app on iphone cost thirty nine bucks.(think garmin). Form(polycabonate body) and feel of the phone is also good(some may find it little too big to hold in hand but you will get used to it. Little lighter than iphone 4 for sure.I moved from iphone 4 to this phone and dont miss iphone at all. Yes it took me a day or two get used to new interface but i guess thats acceptable for whole new OS. Tip pressing back arrow key twice closes the app.All in all love this phone, would recommend it anyone.Nokia Lumia 900 4G Windows Phone, Black (AT&T;)

Nokia Lumia 900 wp7, a set back in evolutionBase on price and moment in cellular evolution I would expect this expensive beautiful designed smart phone to work at least as easy and practical as any basic cell... Well this is not the case with this toy..THIS IS A VERY COMPLICATED PHONE!! - FORGET PRACTICAL USE WITH THIS GADGETSimple, practical and easy is not part of the philosophy in this phone..Things you might be used to do on a couple of clicks, here they take 5 to 6 actions away (or more) and time consuming and frustrating results in many cases..Understanding and finding your way around with Nokia Lumia 900 wp7 is a very high time consuming effort .. So if you are a busy person and like technology to improve your timing working routing, this is not a phone I would recommend..Because many "Basic" cell functions are missing in the software wp7, and the only option you'll find is to search endlessly the "market place" to find app that may or may not suit your needs, download them, install them and use them for a while to see if they really work for you.. (mean while consuming the phone memory capacity) And in my case, I don't want to pay for apps that I have no proven knowledge how they work... So you'll end up searching the "free" category (which have advertising on them)-No smart dialing (while you type a number does not display contacts that match the number)-No possibility to customize font size-No "select or select all" option when typing-No "one space back/forward" buttons option when typing and/or correcting, editing any text-No undo-No cut-No possibility to see or view the date when typing a note, message or document-No return or back to previous task-No easy friendly connection, transfer of data through USB and PC-No contacts transfer, share, backup, update, save, import, export through USB or Bluetooth to your PC or other services-No Bluetooth connection to other phones or PC for picture, music or file transfer--Forget about Bluetooth services with this device (only a handful services incorporated) e.i. hands free and speakers, it's about it..-No message (SMS) save or export to PC..-SMS threads font very small size-For a pretty big screen, contact's info (phone numbers, address, e-mail, notes, etc) are ridiculously small font size!!! (can't change it)-What happened to font selection "Small, Medium, Large"?-No compatibility to PC Suite  (Nokia's software)-No ringtone selection as desire by user from own music files-No volume set up by user for default ringtones-Volume adjust same for every sound (lets say I just want to set up SMS sound louder but only that, it can't it won't let you)-No sound selection as desire for "new sms" or "new email" or "reminder" you are obliged to use its small library of boring sounds-the sounds options for "new sms", "new email" or "reminder" doesn't let you customize its loudness or volume independently.-No option in selecting any song from your library as ringtone, message, sms, alarms sounds-When playing a song from my Lumia's phone library, it doesn't have a possible way for moving ahead or scroll through the song (forward or rewind)-No phone book option on "people" (only internet accounts or all mixed)-Contacts have a Fixed platform that does not let you customize the Titles for Phone numbers-On Contacts the list of options for labeling Phone Numbers is short!! or limited.-If a Contact's name is longer than the space on screen, it wont let you see the complete name, it won't show it even if you place it horizontal view..-The Export/Import option (that you have to locate and download) for getting my Phone contacts from my older Nokia or iPhone to my Lumia, works mediocrely and poor, many details were left out...-No "draft" folder for SMS-No "recent" option for choosing contacts on sending SMS-No multiple selection of contacts on one step procedure for sending sms (as on "Android")-No possibility to create custom SMS folders, i.e. saving moms sms-Calendar "Month" view too small, unreasonable unreadable, no visible marks, tags, color or water marker for events-No scrolling day by day on calendar "month view", neither on "calendar day view".-Confusing calendar day view (looks like an endless list)-Only hourly settings on calendar day view (No minutes settings i.e. 2:30, 4:45, 10:15 or whatever) it is set up by default as a unnecessary long list even if empty..-No summary  view of daily set events when day selected on "calendar month view" (without having to go or redirected to day view)-let's say you enter a specific reminder on the calendar, and this repeats let's us say 4 days in a row.. Well there is no way to copy the whole thing and paste it, you got to re-write it all on each day independently on the calendar.-No tile color and/or size customize by user (a Tile is like a icon for shortcuts to a desired function or application)-What happened to saving contacts on the phone?? Only on a E-mail account??-if you are entering a phone number that already exists on your contacts (but you don't know) it won't tell you it already exists.-No adding feature of related apps to a single "tile" to group them (as on iPhone)-Sometimes people can get dizzy scrolling all the way down (or through) the endless "tile" collection  set up you might end up having, trying to make short cuts to phone functions.-They claim Zune (the connection app for PC and Lumia phones win7) is the ultimate software, but then again a set back in evolution.. Is quite a drag having to connect and disconnect your device in order to see or check if the file has been transferred.. (I get "envy" my wife transferring, music, pictures, etc from her computer to her cell phone ;-) and vise versa)-Many times when "editing" the info of a song (artist, album, etc) this info would appear on your PC but not updated on the phone..-Many albums from my collection do not appear on my Lumia "album list"-Many artists from my collection do not appear on my Lumia "artist list"-If you have a long list of music files as I do, with this software "Zune" I have to scroll all the way to find an specific music file (no "find" or "search")-arranges pictures by date.. which is fine, but what about trying to arrange by folder.. quite tricky-No lock/unlock gravity (when leaning to one side on the coach the view changes to horizontal, and that is not necessary what I want)-When I need to write a contact's number in different formats for dialing purpose (i.e. +country code, city, number  vs city code, number, the software will hide one or the other-Only one option for labeling a cell number, many times a contact will have more than 2 cell numbers, but here we have only one option to label a cell number, "CELL PHONE" (but only once) How do you label the second cell number? Home? Work? Ridiculous!!-Same thing for work numbers, there's only two "work" labels available (what if there are more than 2 work numbers as usually happens?)-No "main" and no "general" labeling for a contact's number-Only three (3) email addresses can be saved for a contact, and have a fixed label-No phone search, if want to search any thing from one place like most devices (phone search), this does not have it...-When you choose to forward an email, there isn't possible way to edit the content being forwarded.-And so on...*I have found that many users report that Nokia Lumia 900 w7 phone or device SHUTDOWN UNEXPECTEDLY VERY FREQUENTLY having to check constantly if the phone is on.. And find out that has been OFF for who knows for how long.. Can you imaging this? Expecting an important call or text message and find out that the phone has been OFF for who knows how long...  Well, mine is not the exception !!! it shuts down very frequently and unexpectedly, very annoying !!IN THE OTHER HANDIf your life is lacking emotions and adventure.. You'll find this phone very amusing and entertaining... And time consuming..-Nice connectivity to the internet, this is more of a internet, social networking device and software... But not a phone!!-Nice prediction help while typing, but needs an UNDO and back/forth cursor option, and improve finger selection-Many things can be "Pin to start" (but size and color can't be customized) but then again, you'll end with a long selection of tiles and therefore scrolling endlessly through them to find the one you need to click-"forward" is hidden under reply button for sync email accounts..and you better have a 20 20 sightNOTE: I bought this phone because I used to be a Nokia fan.. I have tried to love this device but has disappointed me in a way I didn't expect.. for a "smart phone" no so smart..NOTE: Never the less, I see potential in this device, with an update (or Updates, that I doubt would happen) this would be one of the best and complete smartphones! If they ever care to make the necessary updates..Next time I'LL get a different one, but not a windows phone.

I've used a WP7 phone since the beginning and I have to say this phone is the next evolutionary step for this OS.Have doubts? Go to the AT&T; store and test drive it. What a great phone.

Solid phone. Very fast and customizable. Easy to use. Great operating system. No complaints what so ever. Best phone I have ever had.

This is a decent phone.  Nice screen, good set of apps, easy to use.  Look forward to when LTE is available in Seattle on ATT-  speeds in the Silicon Valley were super.

The phone is solid and apparently very well made; which is what I'd expect from Nokia.  This is the first Nokia phone I've had in probably 10 years; but my prior experience with them was that they made excellent phones and this one doesn't disappoint.  The only thing about the physical phone that I'm not overly fond of is the power button placement.  It doesn't cause me too much grief but because it is in the middle of the phone on the right side, I have accidentally pressed it a few times when picking up the phone and while using it.  With that said, it's not a problem, just something I would change if I were the designer.  Also, as with many of the phones I've used over the last several years, the in-call audio could be louder.  I don't have a real problem hearing but if the audio were any lower, I definitely would have a problem; whereas, if it were louder, I could turn it down if needed.  I switched to the Lumia 900 from a Motorola Atrix (which is an excellent phone) because I've been looking for an opportunity to try out Windows Phone (by the way, the audio level on my Atrix is close to perfect).  So far, I like the Nokia very much.  As a phone, it is pretty good.  The signal strength on my Motorola is slightly better than the Nokia but other than a few times when my data signal has been flaky in places where I normally would have a better signal with my Motorola, that hasn't been much of an issue (I haven't had any missed or dropped calls; just intermittent data connectivity a few times and in this case, that's more of an AT&T; issue than the phone because I'm on the borderline between Edge and 3G where this happens).  The external speaker on this phone is excellent.  I don't buy a phone for the camera but the camera works well enough for me.  I wish the phone had a LED indicator to alert for events such as missed calls, new messages, etc.  My Atrix has this feature and it's pretty nice.  The battery life has been acceptable.  It lasts all day for me and I charge it every night, just like I do with all my smart phones.  The Atrix battery is excellent, better than any smart phone I've ever used (and I've used a lot of them), so I am somewhat spoiled to that but I haven't had any problems with the Nokia running out of juice prematurely.  The screen is bright, responsive and performs well.  I leave the brightness on auto adjust and it works well; I've had some phones where I had to control the brightness manually because the auto adjust didn't work well in bright light.  All in all, the Lumia 900 is an excellent device which is why I gave it 5 stars.&lt;The rest of this review is about the Windows Phone OS which runs this phone - not specifically the Nokia Lumia 900>I fully expected to miss my Android phone more than I have because the Android phone is more like Windows Mobile used to be.  But so far, the Nokia hasn't let me down.  I do like the ability to highly customize the user interface that you get with Android but the Metro interface is not really designed for that; it's a new approach to the mobile UI and it does what it does very well.  It actually took me two to three days to get used to using Metro over the desktop icon look and feel of Android but I seem to have acclimated to Metro fairly well.  The live tiles are very nice once you get them arranged the way you want.  It's like any major change in life, it takes a little while to adjust.  With some changes, that adjustment never really pays off but the Metro interface is a nice and unique way to work.  There are some things that could be better and are in other OSes and at the same time there are things that Windows Phone does better than others; that is common when comparing competing software of any sort and to be expected.  So far, I haven't run into any show stoppers on Windows Phone.I use my smart phones to stay current with my e-mail, to make calls and for general internet access.  I do also use 3rd party apps but I'm probably not as demanding in this area as some.  I like to have a few games to pass the time when I'm stuck in limbo for whatever reason (Doctor's office, airport, etc...).  I like to have a good weather radar, GPS navigation, Amazon shopping, book reader, common information search tools, and a few utilities for my job as IT Manager.  Windows Phone Marketplace has apps for all these things.  In some cases, the apps are not the ones I used on Android but in most cases they work about as well and in some cases they're better.  There were three or four apps that I had on Android that I didn't find an alternative to but they weren't apps that I use very often and they aren't anything I can't live without.I'm a technical person and I generally like to have more control over settings and such than Windows Phone provides (it's a lot more like iOS than Android in that regard) but I've been using it now for a few weeks and I'm not having withdrawals or anything.  That's probably because in the last two years, I've gotten in the habit of using a tablet (Android) for things I used to use my smart phone for.  Consequently, I don't spend as much time on my phone as I used to in the past for things like internet browsing and e-mail; the phone is more like a backup mobile device for me now days, as opposed to being my primary mobile device.  On the other hand, it is the only mobile device I have with me at all times; so, it has to be highly functional.One thing I don't like about Windows Phone is the requirement to connect to the PC using Zune for some things; e.g. loading some updates, music and the like.  In this regard, I prefer to get all my updates over the air and as for music files, I prefer the device act like a USB thumb drive when plugged in; you shouldn't have to depend on a separate application for managing files.  But, that's more a pet peeve of mine than a real problem.  This was also a point of complaint against Apple products by many users as well because of the iTunes requirement; recently Apple began relaxing some of that, hopefully Microsoft will too.The bottom line is that Windows Phone is a solid OS with a lot going for it.  It's fast and has everything that most people require.  For the more advanced user, there is still room for improvement; but at this point, I think the only major feature it's missing that I need is VPN.  I expect VPN will eventually be added in a future release.  For now, I can work around that requirement.  Also, the reason I didn't give Windows Phone a try earlier is that I absolutely need the tethering feature and that wasn't available initially.  So far, I'm liking my new phone very much.

Just b/c all have been said about the phone, in addition to saying I just love it. The nicest surprise about the phone is actually the included Nokia apps.Nokia drive is awesome. The maps are impressively accurate, the turn by turn directions work great. I used it during the weekend on a trip to the Olympic penninsula and didn't miss a beat. The equivalent Garmin app is worth $29.99

Nice looking phone. Very limited set of apps and many of the Apps on iPhone or Android are not the same and lack features found on the other platforms. Skype (which microsoft owns) is terrible - not as good as my 3 year old 3gs.Plus, 3 months after release, Microsoft have told us it will not be updated in their October Windows Phone update. New Win8 apps will not run on the platform.If you purchase now, on a 2 year contract, your phone will be limited and out of date for 21 months of that contract.Think about it. I had my 3GS a year before Apple updated, and the new update worked fine on my 3GS. The next update - 2 years later - did slow it down, but Apple continues to support. I just don't trust Microsoft.I'm going to have to find a replacement. Don't get stuck.Updated 9/13: Camera Broke. No local store, so I emailed Nokia and filled in a form. They were then to send me the repair id and shipping details within 24 hours. 2 days later...I called the...4 days later, still waiting for a repair form so i can ship my phone back for repair and wait without a phone!Seriously, stick to Apple, a few hours at the genius bar and I'd have this working.

This is an objective review. I have owned all four major operating systems (blackberry, iOS, android, and now, windows phone) so I am drawing from that experience.Pros:-first off, price point is a steal. $100 for a new phone is almost unheard of-call quality is nice, clear and loud-the screen, although low resolution, is very colorful and nice to look at-the OS seems fluid. Setup was definitely easy.-having a dedicated camera button is nice.-comes with office but.....(see below)-build quality of the phone is nice and solid. Don't think I will need a case-the Facebook and twitter integration are well done. It makes it seamless to do a quick update on your status.-4g is really fastCons-app market Most that I use are there but a few are missing-battery life. I have noticed my battery does not make it through a whole day with just moderate use. This is my first 4g phone so I will have to make sure I have a charger nearby.-The power button is on the side of the phone. I have already hit it a couple times accidentally while making calls. I wish it were placed on the top of the phone.-....Windows phone 7 office is not compatible with all versions of desktop office. For example, I cannot edit a word document that was saved as an Office 2003 word doc.-the touchscreen is really prone to fingerprints. More so than any other android or iOS device I have owned.-there is a small gap around the touchscreen that will no doubt collect with debris (like lint from your pocket). I foresee it driving me crazy when it needs cleaned.I may add more as I continue to test the phone. These are initial observations as I have only used the phone for two days.Update 5/26: after over a month of use, I still like the phone and can recommend it. I will add a couple more pros and cons below.Pros- I retract my battery life statement. After a couple charging cycles (and an update) the battery lasts all day.Con-pictures in emails have a hard time downloading. Usually says "download error".Pro-love the offline GPS functionality. There are lots of offline mapping apps available.Con-the marketplace is still anemic. I visit it about once every 3 days and sometimes find that nothing changed.

I pre-ordered my Cyan Lumia 900 from AT&T on-line. Received it by Fed-ex overnight on 4/6, 2 days before it was officially introduced and now enjoying it for 3 weeks. I think it is simply a superb and sleek design. WP7.5 OS is great, Metro interface with live tiles is amazing compared to dead tiles on the iPhone. I find a lot of Apps that I need. It is the quality of Apps that matters,not the number. would like to have Pandora, Saavan, Schwab, CNBC though. Skype works great. 4G/LTE data connection glitch was a big issue that got quickly resolved. After the OS update via Zune, it works fine. The whole user experience is very refreshing compared to iPhone. I like the Cyan color which is unique. People notice it and ask all the time what phone is it. Camera works fine, but there some quality issue in Zoom mode. Nokia manual acknowledges it. But they need to fix it via a patch update. I think it is an iPhone killer. People who blindly go for iPhone should look at this. I was disappointed though how poorly Nokia and AT&T have introduced it so far. The packaging could be original Nokia in a sleek box instead in an AT&T's cheap box. I give 5 stars not penalizing company related screw ups.

While this may seem to some as another Nokia 900 user jumping on the bandwagon of 5 star reviews, I assure you it is sincere. I switched from an Apple 3Gs last week after my iphone would no longer hold a charge for over a couple of hours. Time to move on. I looked at the iphone 4 and 4s, some Samsung and HTC models, but the Lumia 900 seemed to be both a quality phone and a great deal. I've owned a Nokia in the past and really liked it. But the Lumia has blown me away. It is the first Windows OS phone I've had and I've got to say it is sweet. Fast, responsive, and easy to use. I don't do alot of surfing or music listening, but I do have several email accounts and need a sturdy,relaible phone. So far, the Lumia 900 has met my needs perfectly. The battery life seems superior, the set-up was fast and very easy, call reception is good, and I love the design and feel of the phone. I was a little wary it would be too big, but it is a very convenient phone to carry around.It has some weight to it, which I like, and the camera is awesome! Using Zune for downloads and transfers is okay, but I do wish more apps were available (I'm sure they will be as Windows OS catches on), but I have other devices with apps, so it's not a deal-breaker for me. Overall, The Nokia Lumia 900 has been a real joy to use and I see it as a phone I can use for a number of years without wanting to change because of problems. If you're wondering whether to give it a look, I would definitely recommend it.

Wow.  What a piece of trash.  Nokia should be ashamed of producing this junk.  Whenever I was in an app, game, or making a call, the bottom buttons (back, home, bing) would randomly trigger without being pressed. That was kind of a problem, especially when speech recognition wanted to come on in the middle of a call. It also clearly had a problem running the zune music suite, which seemed to slow the phone's operation down to a crawl.  So yippy, it has a fancy camera, but it doesn't work as a phone unless you are ok with getting interrupted every 30 seconds by voice recognition triggering.  By the way, you can't even turn off their terrible voice recognition programs.  I smashed this POS phone out of complete aggravation about 14 months after buying it.  For now, I have a Lumia 520 until my contract runs out.  That is a much better phone.  It is also the LAST Nokia or Windows Phone I will ever buy.  That's a sad statement, because I've had Nokia's since the 1990's.  Say goodbye to a loyal customer, there is no excuse for manufacturing junk with known errors and expecting the consumer to just suck it up.  I'm ashamed for you.

I dropped my Lumia 900 from my pockets and it broke like a shit!I only used it for 3 month and only dropped it about 3 times.Windows Phone will crush a lot of times and doesn't have enough apps!

The best phone I've ever used. If you're looking for pure horsepower or specs then this phone is not for you. But if you give it an honest shot, then you won't be disappointed.

My previous phone was an HTC Wildfire running android. I had this phone for 4 months. A few of the issues: The clock/weather app stopped updating weather after 1 month. People could not understand me when making phone calls, and I could not hear the person clearly on the other end. We spent a good amount of time repeating, "what," "huh," and "sorry?" to each other. The maps app took forever to load, and would regularly crash with the message that it had unexpectedly stopped functioning. When it worked, the maps app would take 20-30 seconds to update the current location. Map searches often took a minute or more to complete. Several apps I downloaded were buggy and some would not function at all (backcountry navigator pro). App updates would start, then fail after draining 60% of the battery. 1 hour of regular web browsing (no streaming) would completely drain the battery. Like the maps app, the web browser would crash and freeze all the time. I would regularly make inadvertent phone calls when my finger grazed the touch screen. GPS based apps would leave the gps on and drain the battery even after I pushed the power button to put the phone on standby. Emails sent from the default mail app would sometimes not be sent. Wifi would not automatically connect even when in range. I could not maintain reception in locations (like my office) where my peers had no problem maintaining a cellular connection.After doing a heavy amount of research over the last 2 months, I bought the Nokia Lumia 900 and have had none of these problems. It is a joy to use, and I cannot be happier that I don't have to deal with all the frustrations I have been putting up with over these past 4 months. I'm not a tech expert, and some of the above may have been user error on my part. However, I did spend a good deal of time trying to troubleshoot these problems on my own. The fact that I have had none of these problems on the Lumia 900 speaks incredibly positively to Nokia's phone design and Microsoft's software running on it. I also echo the sentiments of the majority of reviewers: The phone is sexy, beautiful, ergonomic, and fast. The iPhone looks terribly dated in comparison. The majority of press reviews have been knocking the phone's specs being too low - no dual core, lack of RAM, internal memory, etc. I suspect the performance that is achieved on this phone reflects the hard work and the effort put in to programming the software. It reminds me of the days when MS-DOS programs written in assembly language would accomplish amazing things and squeeze every last drop of performance on the hardware the programs were written for. I noticed no perceptible difference between the performance of this phone and those with much higher specs (and prices), including the iPhone 4s.Nokia has also stated that they will be offering a $100 rebate on the Lumia 900 until April 21. This effectively makes it free, whether buying on Amazon or with AT&T.; I cannot believe what an amazing deal this is - it really is the best deal I have ever come across on a cell phone this good. This includes some amazing Black Friday deals (which is when I picked up my previous phone). Anyone looking for an upgrade or looking to switch cellular providers should seriously consider purchasing this phone before the $100 off offer expires. Even without it, the phone is an amazing deal for the $50-100 upfront subsidized handset cost. Finally, I cannot stress how nice it is that it is 4G LTE. The actual experience of using data functions like web browsing is in a totally different league when compared to non-LTE phones. In this regard, it really cannot be fairly compared to the iPhone 4/4s; the overall experience of using the Nokia Lumia 900 is a generation ahead of the iPhone. If/once LTE comes to the iPhone, the comparisons will be more valid. I'm really surprised that in press reviews more is not made of this huge advantage that the Nokia has over the iPhone (which is the natural comparison press reviewers have been making). For those who might claim I hold an anti-Apple bias, I also own a new 3rd generation iPad with a 4g Verizon plan. It is without a doubt the best tablet currently on the market. For those of you contemplating whether to take the advice of the press reviewers who have recommended waiting for the iPhone 5 - do yourself a favor and get this phone for free now. You will not regret it.UPDATE 4/11/12First, another general observation: I have read criticisms of those of us like myself who didn't purchase the phone from Amazon (I bought it from a retail AT&T; Store) but are leaving reviews here. Amazon is a high visibility site where a lot of shoppers look to reviews to assist in their purchasing decisions. I believe we're leaving honest, helpful info for others, and not having purchased the phone from Amazon does not necessarily make these reviews invalid.Next, some specific experiences. After spending a few minutes entering my personal info for Yahoo mail, Gmail, and my workplace MS Outlook exchange server this morning, everything worked right out of the box without a glitch. I'm incredibly impressed with the email interface. I can manage my email from my three accounts much faster than I can on my laptop. I will now be using my Lumia as my primary email client instead of my laptop (except when writing long documents). Typing with the on-screen keyboard is also a much better experience than on my previous Android phone. Predictive text is helpful but not intrusive. I do notice a very slight (probably less than 100 millisecond) delay on rare occasions when pushing a key on the keyboard. For email attachments, Adobe reader needed to be downloaded from the marketplace. The OS detected a pdf file the first time I clicked on one, and automatically prompted me to download and install adobe reader, which took about 15 seconds. MS Word document attachments open quickly and display exactly as they should with the pre-installed MS office app. The office app is a HUGE feature - to have a native Microsoft app to create/view/edit word, excel and powerpoint files is incredibly useful (I believe powerpoint is view only). I'm still trying to determine whether there is a speech recognition feature for Word mobile - this would be truly incredible. I would bet that the majority of us have, currently do, or will need to, at some point, handle MS office files. Every school or company in the last 15 years I have attended or worked for used MS office as their primary productivity suite. Having office mobile loaded makes the Lumia a true productivity tool for me. Some reviewers have criticized the Lumia and Windows phone OS for not having certain popular music apps or games. I can tell you that for me, it has what I need and use on a daily bases - preloaded - and for free. Finally, I needed to make a call while driving today. The voice dialing feature worked perfectly.

It was always going to take a lot to lure me away from my long-term relationship with iOS devices (from 3 to 3GS to 4), but this phone is it. I took delivery on Friday 6th April (thanks to AT&T's slightly early shipping), and very hesitantly powered off my iPhone for the last time to make the switch. I am 4 days into using the phone and absolutely love it. I know there will be people wondering about the switch from an iPhone 4 - the stand-out aspects are speed (both performance and connectivity with 4G LTE), the camera (it's as good as a quality compact), the interface (I love the live tiles in WP7), integrated Outlook and Office (OneNote being particularly handy) and the look and feel (Nokia *know* hardware). Another surprising aspect were the number and availability of applications - I found many of my old favorites were already available, and *definitely* looked and feel better through the WP7 interface. This was always the reason I held back from moving to another platform, but hasn't been an issue at all. Having had experience with a number of other devices, I just don't know why anyone would consider an alternative - particularly with incredibly low handset cost (on contract of course). This phone definitely looks like a game-changer, and Nokia stepping up to the plate with a home run. Fantastic!

I had high hopes for this phone. I was tired of iphone and android and wanted to give windows phone a try. RETURNED AFTER 2 DAYS.  awful signal strength and EXTREMELY limited device!!! This phone has LESS options for customization than the iphone. The app store is horrible and no drag n drop???????? I love the phisical design of the phone and it has a smooth interface but those are the only positives. Overall VERY BORING PHONE....

I've been an iPhone user since the first iPhone came out and I was never into trendy apps because I barely have time to workout let alone play with Apps on my phone for an extended period of time.  I decided that the iPhone 4 would be my last iPhone since it was getting boring and the 4S just brought a software upgrade to the table in the form of Siri, which IMO could have been on the 4, instead of buying a new phone for minor upgrades.On to the review, I travel a lot and for the last 6 months have been playing with an LG Quantum phone in order to prep myself for my first WP purchase during my flights and stuff.  Luckily for me Nokia released this bad boy just in time for my upgrade.This phone is everything I ever needed in a phone below I will give my pros and the 2 cons that I have about this phone.ProsOffice - This is great since now, I can read over documents that were loaded to Office 365 and even make some minor corrections and I even created a One Note checklist for my team to accomplish on the first day I received the phone.LTE - So fast and since I'm based out of New York, it's very good coverage when I'm home.People App - I can click on a contact and see my whole history with that person aside from having a lot of options to contact them.  When I click on my business partner, I can see all the emails and texts they have sent me, which cuts me having to search for his emails.Zune Pass - Better than iTunes anyday.Pin Groups - I have a group of people on my team pinned to my desktop and I can see their info and im able to quickly send texts to just that group.  I also have one of my family and can see their updates on Live Messenger and all that.Easy to Use - Im a computer engineer by trade but I notice that everything is very easy to use not just for me but for my wife also, whos not a tech person.Information at a glance - I can see the weather, stocks, exchange rates, all without having to open any apps.Design and build - The design is very nice and the chasis is top quality, I've already dropped my phone a couple of times and dont live in fear anymore of drops like I was with the Glass iPhone, I also dont need a tactical case, Like I did with the iPhone.Nokia Support - They gave me $100x2 for not having problems on both my phone and my Wife's, since we didnt even have that data problem. Way to go Nokia.Finally here are the Apps that I need to get work done and kill time on a flight or delay:WeatherFlowWeave - NewsreaderUSAA - Banking AppPageonce - Financial management AppAdobe ReaderKayakNokia MapsTranslatorGames - I only need them when I really have nothing to do which is rare.Call of CarlosWordamentMonopolyWordFeudCons although minor for me:No Auto rotate off optionCould use more Apps, but I knew that before purchasing so its a non issue.That's my review and I hope it can help another person like me that does not live on their phones and need a Smartphone thats fast and snappy with everything.Thanks

My first phone was a Nokia (6110) in 1998. Then, I almost had all brands! I finally got my Lumia 900. This is such a perfect phone: beauty of the design, responsiveness, nice and user friendly operating system (Android is such a complex and basd OS in comparison), great camera (it will not substitute a real camera, but still, great), nice sound...I also got the Zune Pass at $10/month with unlimited music download.All of this for $0!Buy it and enjoy it!

Now through April 21st, any AT&T customer who purchases a Lumia 900 will receive a $100 rebate from Nokia -- effectively making the device free.

AT&T and Nokia marketed this phone as the next t coming of Windows 8--- they forgot to tell you that you will NOT be able to UPGRADE to Windows 8!!!  Do not buy this phone-- Nokia does not stand by their customers and is selling an inferior product..... No customer loyalty, no good will.  And AT&T stood by and advertised this as a Windows phone.  Nokia should be ashamed  of the way it lied to their customers!

I have to give this phone a 5 star ratingThis is a great phone, liked the size, screen is big enough and also fit in pocket.Windows phone 7.5 UI is impressive.There are less apps but all the necessary apps are there. Xbox live is great.Battery life and hardware is superb, camera is superb.On top of that I got it for free (once Nokia credits $100 back in my account)

My prior experience before buying this phone was with iOS5 and Android 2.2. I have to admit I was completely taken aback by the Windows 7.5 UI experience. It is one of the best UI experiences I have ever experienced. Hats off to Microsoft. (BTW -- I was never a Microsoft fan. I have been using Apple products almost for a decade before it hit the mainstream). This OS might be a game changer unless Apple & Android come with some thing as sleek as this.Hardware (Nokia):Pro's1) Excellent crystal clear call quality.2) Sleek design.Con's1) Design on the edges where the screen meets the case need some attention.2) Bluetooth connectivity is really slow when recognizing new device. (Took me a day to get this working - as it does not recognize my headset - Planotronics - 520).3) Speaker sound when listening to music is not that muchSoftware:Pro's:1) Take a bow Microsoft. (Well thought out).2) I like the fact that you can link contacts from GMAIL, YAHOO or HOTMAIL account. (Finally Microsoft is thinking of giving user's the choices - where as Apple and Google are becoming more like the Microsoft of 90's, trying to box in the choices).Con's:1) Context sensitive menu seems to be missing some times.

Played with this at an ATT store and it was pretty slick. The screen is bright and clear and really shows off the icons on the screen (or Live Tiles). It's super easy to use Windows on this and I handed it to my mom to see how she took to it and she just swiped and touched away without a hiccup... looks like it's pretty intuitive even for her! All in all I have to say this phone is way worth the money as phones twice as expensive don't have screens this good or seem to run as fast as this. I would definitely recommend this for anyone that is new to touch phones or tired of their older phones and want to try something new.

It seems that every detail and feature of this phone has already been discussed in the hundreds of positive reviews on this phone. After using blackberrys for years, I wanted to upgrade to a 21st century phone with a large touchscreen and fast internet, which the blackberry severely lack in, without sacrificing the ease of emailing and texting. After reading the reviews on Amazon, I wanted to get the Nokia Lumia 900, but was convinced otherwise by AT&T; employees at the AT&T; store. So I first tried out the HTC One X and was disappointed with the buggy software and terrible email and text interfaces and notifications. I returned it after 10 days and got the Nokia Lumia, and I couldn't be happier. The unique colorful and graphical interface of this smooth and sleek phone is just amazing. It feels great in my hand and is just a pleasure to use. The reviews for this phone are being accused by iphone and android homers as being written by paid bloggers or employees of apple/google. This is because this phone really is amazing, in ways that any review written about it is going to sound cheesy. Setup, texting, emails, photos and internet are all so easy. The touchscreen keyboard is the best I have ever used. The "pin to start page" feature is awesome and makes the phone so easy to use. I have only had the phone 4 days now but I love it. My only complaint is the lack of availability of more apps, especially instagram, google maps and google talk, with Microsoft forcing you to use Bing, MSN Messenger and either their map, AT&Ts; maps or Nokias (Nokias being the best). I am sure with the success of this phone, many more apps will soon be in development for it. I also can't find a cover for the phone, even after going to the AT&T; store, best buy and Frys. I also assume with the continued success of this phone, more stores will start carrying more accessories for it. For now, I'll order them online. Nokia is back after being irrelevant since the late 90s, and Microsoft is off to a great re-start in the mobile market with their Mango OS. Great job Nokia!3 week Update: I have had the phone for a while now and still think it is great. Many more apps come out weekly and updates to some current apps have helped. There was an update to the OS as well, although I noticed no difference.My picky complaints about this phone that I would like to see fixed in the future include:1) Swipe Left and Right to navigate internet explorer;2) A forward button;3) Screen Capture!;4) Google Maps!;5) Although most reviews praise it, I am unsatisfied with the battery life. Maybe I use the phone too much;6) Voice input function is great, but would like to see it available for emails as well, not just text messages;7) Apps such as yelp and flixster are severely toned down from their iphone/droid coutnerparts, you can't login to your account and write reviews! Why? Is this due to limitations of the phone? Or they didn't want to spend more time and money on a robust app for a less popular phone?8) Live tile page is great, would love to see the ability to have more than one page of it, and to choose tile size. I hear this is an option in windows 8, which our phone probably won't support.

I received my Lumia 900 on Friday afternoon after pre-ordering through AT&T.;  I can't believe how beautiful the device is.  The screen is amazing (even with the lower resolution of 800*480).  I've been getting at least 16 hours of frequent use and phone calls on a single charge.  This includes 8 live tiles, push notifications for email, gaming, web surfing and playing music (stored locally).  I've been able to read RSS feeds clearly in direct sunlight.  All of the buttons on one side of the phone is just a brilliant design.  The weight is perfectly balanced from top to bottom.  The Nokia apps are beautiful as well as functional (although ESPN should load slightly faster).  I do wish that the Nokia Drive app integrated with search and contacts instead of having to rely on Bing Maps but I have navigation built in the car so it really isn't a problem in my situation.  The call quality is amazing on AT&T; in lower NY (NYC and Long Island).  I have not dropped a call.  The camera is good with ample light and good enough in low light situations.  The speaker sounds really good and the earpiece has the perfect amount of volume and sound quality.  This phone never lags even when I'm playing games and talking on the phone.  I've been using the platform for over a year so I already feel like a pro with this OS.  My mother just got an iPhone 4S and can't believe the screen on the Lumia 900.  Nokia designed a really really good phone.  Some people complained about a weird metallic sound when the phone is vibrating but I haven't experienced anything of that nature at all.  I do wish the micro USB port was on the bottom but since I only have to charge the phone at night before sleep and I sync with Zune wirelessly it hasn't approached annoying at all.  This phone is an insane value as a result of the build quality.  I highly recommend this phone to anyone thinking of trying Windows Phone.This is my second Windows Phone.  I've used iOS (iPhone 4 and the 4S), Android (Evo 4G, Evo 3D and the Samsung Moment), WebOS (Original Palm Pre), Windows Mobile (all the way up to 6.5) and even a Blackberry.  The Windows Phone OS is the most fun OS I've used so far.  It's modern, extremely stable and MS is very persistent with the development of the OS and the hardware.  You won't find all of the trendy new apps in the marketplace but you really won't miss them after a couple of weeks with the OS.  It does so many ordinary things with such a common sense approach as opposed to many other platforms.  Integrating social networks into the OS is ingenius.  Cloud storage is built into the phone itself for pictures and MS Office.  Zune is gorgeous on the desktop (MAC only gets the desktop sync client while PC users get to enjoy the full application) and elegeant on the phone.  The Live Tiles may be "too simple" for some but I honstly can't see myself not having them.  Going from a locked phone to snapping a picture without any lag, the consistently smooth UI and the low cost of entry makes this OS a real value.

i used to own experia and iphone 4-Nokia gps mapsit works offline, is like tom tom in your pocket!-so smooth ,no android lags anymore-quality comparable to iphone 4-battery life like on old nokias (ok maybe not that good but i'm going thought the day without worrying)-shiny-internet on that thing is so fast-SCREEEEEEN maybe is not full HD but it looks ridiculous, the black color is so...black and everything is so vivid-app store have like 70,000 apps and i had no problem with finding what i want(but could be better) at least all the apps go through some quality check, they all look and feel very integrated in to windows.-only 12 fart apps :( compared to bagyllion android fart apps, that is bad

I did not get it from Amazon but directly from ATT. What a phone it is!!!!! I did not have any problems with connection to internet. Connection to work e-mail is not even 30 seconds and updates are so much better then on Blackberry. Everything worked out of the box with no setup or painful manual grinding. I have it for 4 days as of this moment and I would recommend this phone to anyone. Easy to use, easy to see display, fast (very fast) maps and zoning in and out. Fast internet. Fast scrolling. I can talk about it forever. Overall, this is a very very very nice phone. Call quality is very good and it is much much better then any of my prior phones. Initial charge was long but battery lasts for about 24 hours (was not much used just downloading basic applications such as navigation). Nokia created a sweat program that made phone book migration a 1 minute undertaking. Display is very clear. Touch screen is very responsive. Scrolling is very fluid and pleasing. Overall, I do not have any problems with the phone. Well done Nokia, well done.

It's just like that, every time I look at it, I think this thing IS beautiful and btw. others who look at it seem to think that, too.

Nokia lumia 900 rocks compare to any android phone.- Skype- Office- Xbox- Offline voice guided navigation with Nokia Drive- Zune Album Art- Nice speaker

I decided to try something new and stray from the Iphone 4s after owning each and every Iphone to date. I cant say that it was my best choice in life but I am still quite happy with the phone itself. I like the OS even though it seems to be limited, the animations are cool and make up for the lag when booting applications. The camera is the biggest drag, the Iphone 4s is still king in this department... same goes for video. I love the unibody, and the way it feels in my hand. Zune is a different albeit nice change from Itunes, as I can pay a flat fee per month and keep the music coming. Overall I would say that the pros far outweigh the cons here however, I would not recommend this phone over the 4s.

Its like android with less apps, I don't see a reason to use this phone over current offerings.  Even iphone is slightly better.

I've had my Nokia Lumia 900 for two days now, and I have to say the experience just gets better and better.  Nokia does design right, the phone just feels solid, and comfortable in my hand.  The buttons are spot on where they need to be, No more accidental camera shots or anything else.This is also an incredibly fast phone.  There's a reason Microsoft has that "Smoked by Windows Phone" contest...this phone can easily beat any Droid or iPhone.Buy it.  It will be the best phone you've ever owned.

Coming from iPhone, it is a very different experience on this phone.  The iPhone now feels very static to me, and not as "smart" as this phone.  For instance, if I want to call some one on my iPhone I would go into my contacts and search for that person.  On this phone I can just put that person on my main screen for easy access later, which means I only search for them one time.  Also, while they are on my main screen I see constant updates about them.  Very cool!  This keeps me up to date with them.  I didn't downloaded an app to do that, it just does it!  I love it!

Great phone!I received it last week, and it had a problem with the the bottom-right button being over sensitive. I read some comments on forums and found out that other people had the same problem. They returned the phone, got a new one, and no more problems.That is exactly what happened to me. I called Amazon Wireless and they sent me a new (next day) and it's perfect!Great design, super fast, marketplace is good (has all the apps I need) and the integration with Skydrive is just great! I use OneNote a lot and also I can see all my Office files at anytime, without formatting changes.I had and iPhone for a couple of years, and it was time to upgrade since the camera glass was cracked.With the Nokia discount, plus Amazon Wireless discount, I ended up paying $10 with a 2 year agreement. (no brainer)I'm glad I chose the Lumia 900.and Amazon Wireless customer service is also great!!

Ok so as a mobile developer who spends at least 10 hours a week on each of the major platforms (iPhone, Android, WP7, BB). The Lumia is an amazingly great phone.. I waited in line for the first iPhone (and the 3g, and I have a 4s now).. I've also been using WP7 devices since Day 1. And -because ya I am a Mobile Dev- an Android phone is always in my bag with me too...All that being said, and with the ability to choose any phone I want as my daily "personal" device the Lumia 900 is going to be it for quite a while.. You will really enjoy screen because it is wonderful, the feel in the hand is solid (much higher build quality and feel then the Focus). LTE great ( I live in Austin so its everywhere here ). This device deserves the multiple 5 star ratings that others on are giving it..If you give WP7 5 days as your primary phone and you don't love it I would be utterly shocked..Great PhoneGreat Operating SystemGreat BuildBeautiful ScreenLTE super fast internetCan be a WiFi Hot Spot with the right AT&T; data plan.need I say more :-)

Ok, I have owned Android (Buggy) and IPhone. But the Nokia is fresh and new. I sat it on the table during a  conference/meeting and people want to hold and touch it. The live tiles and peoples names flipping over is kinda cool. My wifes Iphone just looks dated sitting next to my Nokia. My 900 feels good/solid in my hand. For all the things I really need my phone for it does great... If Microsoft can get more Apps specifically the top 50-100 Android/Iphone apps then Android better look-out. Plus how can you beat the price??

I can understand everybody who says that you should not buy this phone after the announcement. I tend to agree on that. But  I can not understand those who would trash this phone, ATT and Nokia and give it one star. This phone is the best phone running windows phone 7.5 mango, and that is what the rating should be about. I can also imagine what Nokia will bring us come October, probably the best peice of equipment money can buy, running  beautifull OS. So 5 stars for Lumia 900, given the restrictions Microsoft laid down in front of Nokia, for hardware and ease of use. But wait for a new model coming in fall, do not buy now.

And this is not meant to be a criticism of Iphone. Lumia 900 is that good. Having been an IPhone fanatic for the past 2.5 years, I am finally out of its magic spell. Hallelujah.This phone is devoid of the million apps you never use but hope to use one day.  It has only the precious cores that you use over and over at FASTEST ACCESS points.  Talking of speed, comparing this phone's 4G LTE with Iphone's 3G is like comparing an F16 to an F4 Phantom. Until Iphone comes up with 4G LTE capability, they really cannot be compared in terms of speed.  ("Iphone 4" or "Iphone 4S" may be deceptive since it is only a 3G phone, all the more confusing since its previous versions, 3G and 3GS, were named after network standards.) This phone makes web surfing eminently enjoyable. Video streaming speed is phenomenal -- no buffering issue whatsoever! I watched the baseball and news clips without a pause while walking on the street, which is something that does not happen always even with my slow home wifi!  These were unthinkable feats with my previous Iphone 4S.Plus I can painlessly transfer all my Windows office files and view them while commuting. I have a long commute, which makes me comment on this phone's amazing battery capacity. It just goes on and on.  You can actually leave home without taking a charger to your office, use it full day (including browsing and streaming) without worrying about the juice running out.  How comforting and refreshing. Plus, needless to say, there is no need for encoding all your movies to be compatible with Apple regime.  And this phone is a beauty to behold -- design-wise, I even think it fits Steve's vision better than the current Iphone. Last but most importantly, this phone's voice quality is stunning (ie no hauling, no echoing, but just crystal clear voice) -- unfortunately the same could not be said of my Iphone 4S.To be sure, I miss a few nice games and apps that were on my Iphone. (Yes, Steve was a genius.) But I have my Ipad and Ipod for those. I do not need to carry them all on my phone at the same time and it's not like saying good-bye to the Apple ecosystem with all my purchased contents. To my surprise, I found parting with my Iphone was no heart-breaking event. The priorities simply could not be ignored: best possible phone first, fastest possible browser second and other nice things third. It just took a bit of courage to try something new and I am so glad I did just that. Buying a phone is not like marrying someone.All in all, I am one happy consumer with a big smile on my face every time I use my phone. Every morning I wake up and open my eyes, I reach for my phone next to my pillow. Lumia 900 finally nailed everything I wanted in a phone. I have not been this passionate about a product since... well my first Iphone, Iphone 3GS. Buy this and you will not regret, at this price or at any other offered by the competition.(UPDATE) I just read on the news that because of some software glitch (which I am not even aware of by the way), I am offered a $100 AUTOMATIC reduction on my phone bill (with no need to send coupons etc) with either free exchange or free fix. Unbelievable. When was the last time I received this level of customer care from ANY company?  Not even Apple -- I only remember Steve's offering a free lesson on how to hold an Iphone correctly when customers complained of its antenna problem. Now, this is a preemptive customer care at its best, full of good will.  Thank you, Nokia, and I hope all other phone companies follow your practice.(UPDATE2) I just downloaded and installed the software update offered by Nokia. I have not noticed any difference since I had not found any symptom in the first place but I did it anyway and will take the $100 credit. Nokia did this a few days sooner than the date it promised to do by (April 16). I think it set the bar a notch higher for all other companies, especially Apple with its cash to spare, in times when customers are in sore need of bargains and discounts.  When Apple launches its Iphone 5, it is bound to have some glitches and I would be truly interested in seeing how Apple handles the situation. For now, Nokia has won my heart.

This is by far the best windows phone ever. Sync is flawless. Interface is consistent. Speed is very fast. The navigation is the best I have seen in any platform. The three buttons below then to be a little hard to use, but really worth the money.

I have had many phones over the time I've been with AT&T and this one has got to be my favorite.  The iPhones that I have had all have a problem with the visual voicemail system and never let me know that I have voicemail but this phone hasn't had a single problem since I got it.  It's got a great form factor and it is blazing fast especially when in a LTE area.

The Nokia lumina 900 excels in almost every way.  Super fast web browser with a beautiful rich black screen.  Easy to hold and feels wonderful and solid.  Nice piece of technology.  It's easy and fun to talk, especially with its front facing camera..  The people hub app by Microsoft is a cool, nice feature..The built in camera shoots great photos with its high end optics And you can even shoot video.  You usually don,t need to charge it for many days as its battery holds up amazingly well.If you have not seen how the "live tiles" work, you will be pleasantly surprised how helpful they are and a very cool feature, plus you can easily customize it,One of its most amazing features is its built in map and navigation, with it's built in GPS.  Make sure you download the U.S. map or your local map for free OFF-LINE use using the amazing "Nokia Drive" app (which you can also download for free in Marketplace)  It then becomes a FREE personal navigation device.. And it works great for in car use with its voice navigation.  Using the "maps" app gets you local information of nearby attractions, restaurants, hotels, and more with ratings, phone number, hours, reviews, etc and gives you instant directions to any location via public transportation, walking, or driving.I can hardly believe you get ALL THIS for basically A FREE phone!  The personal navigation device alone is worth $150..! Plus the camera, and video recording, and music player all included..Thers is so much more..You will be very happy with this phone.

iphone is my past now. Iphone is too easy to use, also getting bored with it now. Android is too messy and not easy, lot of customizations.. Nokia is best, windows is new, so I'm in for 2

As many reviews have been written today, I don't want to repeat a lot (and can spend more time with the Lumia 900, which I got two days ago). ;)Let me start by saying that I already owned a lot of Android devices (Samsung & LG), iPhones (3 & 4s) and also Nokia devices (e. g. E71, E7/N8 and now for one month the Lumia 800 which - in contrast to the Lumia 900 - has a 3,7' display, no front-facing cam and does not support LTE).The Lumia 900 is the best device I ever had due to-> a fantastic and very sexy hardware (curved body, impressive display with enormous colors and great resolution)-> LTE!!! (now I browse the web a lot faster than with my iPhone)-> very intuitive and fast operating system-> nice exclusive Nokia apps (I can recommend ESPN & CNN [and am wondering why there is only a beta version of Skype?)-> good battery-> great Carl Zeiss 8MP-cameraI don't think that there is a better smartphone out there...definitively not for $100.Great to have you back in the ring, Nokia. Keep on going!

I have a HTC Titan. Last weekend I went and got the Lumia 900. The first thing I noticed on the salesmans phone were the scratches on the screen AND the Zeiss cover on back. So I purchased the Moshi bubble free screen protector which is outstanding and as impressive as the phone itself! NO fingerprints and it is washable and easily removable. Only problem with it is it inhibits the viewability in sunlight, but like I said, easily removable.Then I went to work on making a custom see through cover for the Zeiss cover on the back. Using a paper punch for the camera lens and some see through plastic I can now slide the phone across many surfaces and not have to worry about the front or the back. The coating on the Lumia makes this the ONLY phone I have ever had that I don't need or want a cover for.My ONLY problem with the Lumia is the obvious camera problems. It is obviously mostly software related and I really hope Nokia puts out a fix ASAP. But it can and does take some really nice pictures, I just find myself retaking shots I normally would not have to with the Titan. One thing that pisses me off about all WinPhos is that I cannot seem to spot focus without it snapping the picture. This would help tremendously on picture quality to be able to spot focus for exposure purposes before shooting. If anyone can think of a way to do that withouth it autosnapping the pic I would appreciate that.Overall, I thought "style" was not very important to me over the years, but after seeing all those boxy looking Iphones, I can't put this Lumia down. It is such a pleasure to hold, that sounds ridiculous but I confess, this thing is gorgeous. Nokia fix that camera issue and I don't see how anyone can complain about anything really.Battery life goes for the whole day with heavy use, charge it every night, no big deal. Also to save battery go to settings, wifi, and uncheck the box to "notify me when new networks are found".4 out of 5 stars for me.

It's locked and I can't use it after bought more than 40 days. Sent email to Amazon and AT&T, and had many call with AT&T. They refuse to provide the unlock code even I paied with a full price.

Nokia picked the appropriate name 'Lumia' (Art with Light, coined by Thomas Wilfried, 20th century artist) for this phone. It is a beautiful piece of hardware wrapped around a very smart, slick and lightning fast operating system (Windows Phone). Highly personable (live tiles, people hubs), consistent user interface (across all apps), unique features (FM radio, Tethering, Office/Social-media integration, Nokia Maps works offline) make it at minimum competitive to the iPhone in those aspects but what makes it distinguishable is the superior PHONE/NETWORK functionality and quality (clear calls, no drops, great speakerphone, superior compliance to network speeds and bandwidth), which was always meant to be the primary characteristic of any cell-phone. Don't tell that to an iPhone or Android customer, sshhhh...Nokia and Microsoft are onto something here, blending their strengths to create a magical device. And the price itself is unanimous invitation. I dared to get the Cyan (Blue) color and I feel like someone who drives a new uber-styled sports car in a town dulled by uninspiring boxy lookalikes.

The Lumia 900, in my opinion, is probably the best looking phone I've ever had (Two iPhones, multiple HTC's, and Samsung). Not only is it great to look at but the build quality is beyond compare. The polycarbonate body really is tough and doesn't feel flimsy like most phones.At first I thought having an unlock button on the side would trip me up a little but it actually makes it much easier to unlock with my thumb while holding the phone in my hand. The dedicated camera button is also a great feature and makes it easy to take pictures quickly, even while the screen is locked.I had read about the Lumia's ClearBlack display and thought it would be the same as my Samsung Focus S. The deep blacks and eye-popping colors are there, but the major difference is looking at this screen in direct sunlight - I can actually see what I'm doing without shading it or finding an angle away from the sunlight. This is probably my favorite "surprise" feature.Call quality is excellent, signal strength is better than most other phones I've used (AT&T;'s signal is poor in my neighborhood), responsiveness to touch is near flawless, processor power is excellent and having access to Nokia's exclusive apps is a huge benefit.Cons? Only those related to the Windows Phone OS - but really those are limited and every OS has its issues. If you're a constant customizer and like to root the OS Android is a better choice. If you can't break yourself away from Apple then the iPhone is your only choice. If you like to do everyday things like post on Facebook and Twitter, lots of text and Facebook messages, take lots of pictures, download all the music you want for $10/month and have detailed updates on your home screen then you'll love Windows Phone. And the Lumia 900 is the best one on the market.

All my review is my opinion, I just hope it helps consumers.Do you know how old Nokia Lumia 900? Well goodluck if you want to buy one.The few months old Nokia Lumia 900 on Windows Phone might not received a free Windows Phone 8 update, frustrated? Well it might not be compatible to windows phone 8 update". Yes, but they said that they might be able to put some Visual Element to make it look like a Windows  Phone 8 phone. Like Android this OS is fragmented, if you plan of buying Windows Phone product in the future, well think again, because they have different brands this is why not all Windows phone will assure all customers of future update. I hope Nokia can update the Nokia 900 because it is a nice device.You can read: engadget dot com/2012/06/20/lumia-900-owner-vents-windows-phone-8-frustrations-stephen-elop/This is why Apple is the best company on earth, even your iPhone 3gs still receive update for free. You buy Apple product, you won't have anxiety about if you will received an update. Because every device they make, they support it, and warranty no issue at all, you only need to go to any Apple store and no explaining to do for sure you will receive a new device if you are under warranty and you did not dropped your iOS device on water.My friend who bought a Android Samsung always need to buy a new device when there is an update so he can just get the update on his 5months old Samsung device because there is no update. You can see this is where Windows Phone product pattern will be. No update on old device so you need to buy one again just to get update.I love Microsoft but now this is the message they are showing consumers, like what is happening on Nokia Lumia 900, if you go to CL a Lumia 900 sells for $150 bucks because who would even want a phone without an update.So now guys be wise in buying stuffs, I am not a fan boy of anything, I wrote this so people can read this so they can have an idea on where they spend their money from, IMHO we consumers should protect each other not bash each other because we are on the same camp.And imagine my Old iPhone 4 even received update till now which I bought last July 2010 and it is almost 2013 now and still it received the latest iOS6 and for free.I just wish Microsoft go where Apple path is going, they should released their own Microsoft Windows Phone, and released new model after a year not every 3 months, because I speak for myself, I don't want a product that always have a new model every 2-3months because my phone will look old in 3months imagine that.Come on Microsoft and Nokia step up for people who support your company.

Firstly I've only ever owned Nokia phones, my previous phone was the Nokia E71IN THE BOX* Phone / Battery* Wall recharger / Computer USB connection* Ear PhonesI have had the phone for two weeks now (will try to update review down the track)purchased the phone outright with NO contractsPROS* Solid well made phone including screen* Intial battery charge was very quick* Battery is good for a smart phone after I played around with phone setting it up for over two hours of continuous use and battery was still over half full, have tried the phone on an average work day the battery easily last the fullday I have a car charger in case of an emergency.* Setting the phone up was very easy, with plenty of online and in built help available* Moving between screens, apps was smooth and quick* APPS - Loaded up with all the apps I had no problems finding apps for the Windows Phone, have tried the Sports Tracker app while out cycling No problems in its function or draining the battery.* Warranty - Came with a two year warranty* 8MP Camera - have read a lot of comments about the camera I find the camera quite good for taking "run of the mill photos".* Internet Explorer - very fast to download real webpages (not the mobile versions)* Windows Phone 8 - a lot of negative hype surrounding the inabailty of this phone not being upgradeable BUT Microsoft is introducing Windows 7.8 version, with most new Windows not being available for at least 12 months who really cares Lumia 900 is a great phone for NOW.CONS* Inbuilt battery - I now have to send my phone off to get a replacement NOT GOOD.* SYNC - The phone cannot sync Outlook with the Windows phone directly unless you have Microsoft Exchange, there is a long way around via Windows Live - The old Symbian phones could sync directly and yet Microsoft software cannot talk to Microsoft Software.* the charging port is at the top of the phone which is not good when using a car charger in a holding device

I had to learn iPhone and Android because I am the "go-to" person for both my husband and my boss.  I loved the iPhone OS, but found the Android OS clunky and awkward.  I had an old Nokia running Symbian - awesome hardware, but few apps available.I had just received a Lumia 700 as a gift.  Being a Microsoft hater, I was shocked how much I liked the Windows OS.  I like the seamless integration with my Live account.  I also loved the actual phone, but was used to a better screen.  Then I saw the 900 . . . I lusted after it, BAD.  I decided that it was worth insulting my gift-giver and ordered the phone.And now, with SkyDrive, even if I lose my phone, I don't lose all my files.  When I activated my new 900, everything from my 700 was automatically there! OMG - I LOVE IT.  I would be lost without Nokia Maps and Nokia Drive.  Both apps work so much better than my old GPS.The screen is unbelievably bright with great contrast.  Videos are beautiful on this screen.  Camera is great, the panoramic stitching is amazing.This phone is great for the smart-phone newbie or the smart-phone junkie.  It really has something for everyone.  And the number of useful apps seems to be growing rapidly.  I really can't say enough about this phone.

I was with iPhone since launch, until lately iPhone4 was just behaving unpredictably and getting slow when i updated to iOS5. Added to these nuances i was boared of IPhone. Tried Android, as many of the latest phones had great H/W specs. But something about Android, it felt like I always had to tinker and customize to my needs. And needless to say some mundane apps just crash frequently. I also felt lost with Many applications in Google app store and their genuineness. I tried Windows Phone on Lumia 900, I must say "I am not switching phones anytime soon!". With this phone i feel I have a device which acts as a phone first and as a smartphone second. This  is how i felt when i got my hands on Iphone 1st gen.Overall great device, great job done by Nokia and Microsoft-Prasant

I have had various cellphones over the years.  Because of the lousy call quality of most cellphones, I never used them unless I had no other choice for making a call.  And I would seriously mumble under my breathe when someone would call me from their cell because their voice was often pretty garbled.  Well, this phone has changed my perception of cellphones.  The call quality is very good.  There are a few reasons why I will probably not give up my landline, but this is the first cellphone I have ever had that makes me at least think about the possibility.And then there is the smarthphone aspect of this phone.  I had an Android device prior to this that quite frankly I stuck with primarily because it was a cheap date and I didn't see any better prospects out there.  But then on Easter Sunday, I wandered into a store and saw the Lumia 900.  It was love at first sight.  The screen was so bright and vivid and the Windows OS was a breathe of fresh air.  Unlike my quirky Android, this phone was a pleasure to use, and the things I care most about, my friends and email, were one click away.  Sold.  I walked out the door that very day with my new love.And after a week and half, the honeymoon has not worn off either.  This past weekend, I downloaded Nokia Drive and my husband and I used it to get to a restaurant we had never been to.  Just as good as the NAV system built into my car.  And it even gave me a gentle alert when I was exceeding the speed limit.Thanks to Nokia and Microsoft for making a product that was so good I felt compelled to write what I am pretty sure is my first product review on Amazon.

There is a beta version of skype you can use for Windows Phone that works over 3G and 4G as well as WIFI:[...]

This phone is great. Windows Phone 7.5 is blazing fast and the features on the phone are all top-rate. The placement of the power button initially irked me, but now it makes total sense. However, I will leave others to talk about the greatness of this phone (and it is great); the one thing I would like to point out is the terrible AT&T; customer experience I've had so far.My gripe is essentially this: I purchased 5 Lumias, 4 of which work great. The 5th one has a mic/speaker problem that causes ALOT of feedback for anyone who calls it. When I went to AT&T; to have it fixed/replaced, I was initially treated as if I was "exaggerating" the problem, which was not at all the case. In fact, I have 5 Lumias on my plan with which to test whether or not one of them is malfunctioning. After demonstrating the problem to the AT&T; representative, it was determined that the phone would have to be replaced. However, I was told that the store did not have any more cyan Lumias (the color of the malfunctioning Lumia). As a result, I asked for a different color, and I was told that in order to receive a different color, I would have to pay a $35 restocking fee for the color change. This makes no sense...is AT&T; going to lose some vast additional sum of money if they give me a new black or white lumia instead of a new cyan Lumia? Now, if I were just trying to change colors for the sake of changing colors, that would be one thing, but when I'm trying to replace a phone that has a bona fide malfunction (and the original color isn't available), that is another.To be sure, others might suggest that my review of the phone is unfair since it is aimed more at AT&T.; I disagree. To me, you cannot separate a phone from the carrier who has it locked-up, and I am worried that the next 2 years will be nothing like the excellent service I had at Sprint (who unfortunately doesn't have any enthusiasm for WP7).Update: Amazon took care of the issue with great speed. Kudos to Amazon for taking care of its customers and not acting like I was exaggerating or trying to game the system.Nokia Lumia 900 phone (in a vacuum removed from AT&T;): 5 stars.AmazonWireless: 5 stars.AT&T;: ...terrible.

An app called TouchDevelop by Microsoft Research won me over!!! It does multi-step dialing to enter access number, followed by the pin code. I can now safely dial into conference calls while driving. Could not do that on iPhone!

Not that I have anything bad to say about the phone but after using it for the past week I have to say I need the banking apps to make this phone a pure joy.I love everything about this phone. I was under no contract for the past year and waited for something other than Samsung or apple. My friend has an Iphone 4s and have use it. Nothing special about that phone. Screen too small and it gets tiring after a while.I bought this phone on a promotion that art had where you can also get $100 free accessories if you buy a lumia and that I could not resist. I get a free phone after $100 back from Nokia and I get $100 free accessories and that's too good to be true.Microsoft will have to make the Skype app quick and I wish the banking apps are available soonOther than that this phone is everything I need. Did I mention that the quality of calls and speaker phone are a beast? And I can carry the phone anyway I want and don't have to worry about a signal issue.

I went to att website to upgrade. I selected Nokia Lumia 900 Balck, clicked Upgrade Button, it led me to login screen, after logged in, I clicked Upgrade Eligibilty button, it verified that I was eligible to upgrade and brought me to another page, guess what it listed al iphones for me to choose. Is this Nokia's exclusive partner ? definitely it is apple's exlusive partner.there was a link for all cell phones under big apple iphones pictures. I clicked the link, it brought to all phones screen with nokia lumia listed at middle, the list was huge, very hard to find. it was not the color I wanted, so I have scrolled down a not others phone in order to find what I wanted.The experience with ATT was so bad. Guess what att would ship it out within 5 to 10 biz days. it listed as out of stock. obviously att not only stocked very few lumia 900 phones  but also stopped ordering from nokia for 2nd week due to the data connectivty issue which was pure software glitch and has already been fixed yesterday.nokia should defintely choose verizon/sprint/tmobile as exclusive partner in the future.SO I went to amazon website, the experience was excellent, just a few clicks after verification of upgrade eligibility, I am done with upgrading. and it is also $50 cheaper than order from att.com.once received the phone, I'll update ratings and my comments.

Friends and family have been making fun of my ancient clam shell for the past 5 years or so.  "You still carrying a pager?"  Well, this will stop with the Nokia L900.  I've never owned a smartphone before but my wife has an Iphone 4 which I play with or use once in a while.  The Nokia blows it away IMO.  I love the Live Tiles and polycarb casing.  When I go back to my wife's Iphone, the screen seems too small now.One of the things that my clam shell did well was it never dropped calls and voice quality was never an issue (this was the main reason I kept it for so long).  Rest assured, this is also not an issue with the Nokia...calls come in crystal clear.  It is, afterall, a phone still and call quality is very important to me.  But what really compelled me to get my first smartphone was the price and the fact that it is a Nokia.  Can't beat it.  It should be selling for 2 or 3 times more.  But not complaining at all.  Friends will be envious now.For all clam shell victims, please go out and check out this phone and stop being victimized.

Initially I thought no one can beat iPhone but change is static and this fone is amazing. Atleast you go to AT& T and see what it means to you. Truly Amazing 5 of us going to buy this 2 of us already did. I love you Nokia Lumia 900

I bought the black one at first, and loved it.  Feels solid, balanced, and of course has the elegant windows phone UI.  But then the white one came along...the "StormTrooper" as they call it, and I couldn't resist and traded in for it.  Then went and bought my son one as well.  You won't be disappointed...not one bit.

Disclosure: I own Nokia Lumia 800 (European version). It doesn't have LTE and I don't whine about it.  I never bothered writing review about Lumia 800 but some recent poor reviews kinda agitated me to come here and defend this beautiful phone and OS even without any upgrade.Last few reviewers of Nokia Lumia 900 have been complaining that OS will not upgrade to WP8 but only WP7.8.  They are saying that no one should buy this phone as it is already outdated after 2 months of first release.  I can kind of understand their concern but here is my personal opinion about this issue.If you buy a house then buy it to live there not to flip it after few months for profits and you will be happier.  As I understand after watching the Windows Phone Summit today, it appears that there are some basic differences between WP7.5 and WP8.  But I am scratching my head, as long as most of the features are ported to Lumia 900 how does it matter what version OS I have on my Lumia.  Lumia 900 doesn't have NFC so if someone is expecting to get that software of their phone then how useful would that be.  New start up screen will be on Lumia along with more color support and so does Wallet hub.  Bunch of features announced will also come to this phone unless it requires next version of hardware support.  WP8 application which are primarily written for Windows 8 may not be supported on current Lumia lines.  When I bought my phone there were about 50-60k apps and today there are 100k apps.  I am more than content with my phone and I don't buy things in expectations of future.  I live in today's world not in illusionary future.  Maybe its just me but I will recommend this phone to anyone and everyone as long as you are not unhappy when you see next hot thing.I have nothing to add in appreciation of this product, many people have already given their verdict and it meets all my expectations.My favorite apps:Nokia Drive: turn by turn free offline navigation app can replace any GPS, its fast and accurate with minor issues (my friend has iPhone 4S and he keeps looking at google maps while driving, which is absolutely dangerous).Social Integration: facebook and twitter are beautifully integrated into the OS.Local Scout:Picture Live Tile:Calander:  I never miss a birthday of my friends.  It brings all the data from windows live id, gmail, and facebook.

This is a great phone, with high quality camera. The Amoled screen is very clear and displays the colors very well. The UI is very fast and very intuitive; there is lot of negative reviews for the WP7 operating system. I believe this mostly from android users that never had a windows phone in their hand. I have several android phones and you can really compare side by side both operating systems. Android is open but fragmented OS. You can customize Android phones and make them visually perfect but you will have to pay the price (faster CPU more RAM lower battery life). The WP7 is simple to use OS and deliver very fast response. There is less application in the market but if you go thru the Google Play store you will find there are plenty of similar or same apps. The most used apps the majority of users will need is probably available in the Windows market Place. There is several free texting apps like Google voice, there is Tango that can compete with face time and do video calls over the 3G 4G networks. Nokia provides complete navigation for the world for free no internet connection is needed just download the maps and go. There is several great apps for camera use made by nokia, edeitin suite for free. Words with friends coming to WP in fall.With the quality that the phone is made and the lower price point I believe this is really great phone. It is true it will not get update for WP8 but this due to the major core changes in the OS. I do not think so that nokia will not leave their users without any support at all. There will be windows WP 7.8 to make the some of the features from WP8 available for older WP7 devices.Look on some of the older symbian devices that still getting support, even If Nokia is shifting away from symbian now.

This is the best phone I've ever used. I recommend it fully and hope that everyone keeps their mind open to windows phone OS. : )

Upgraded from an iPhone 3GS. I found the speed of this phone to be a great improvement over the apple platform, and it blows away my wife's iPhone 4 in the speed of browsing, etc. I haven't missed any apps that I had previously, but I'm not a huge 'app' guy, mostly get the free ones...but I've found something equivalent to everything I had on my iPhone. Great user interface. Had some trouble at first with losing connectivity to the net, but the patch fixed it. My main wish is that it had more local storage.

If I tell you how beautiful this phone is, you might not believe me, so I'm just going to quote Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak.Steve Wozniak:"I'm kind of shocked on every screen -- much more beautiful than the same apps on Android and iPhone. So I think that what Microsoft or Nokia did is that they went to some of the key app makers and got them to deliberately make specialized beautiful ones or they put their own themes on...""I also surmised that Steve Jobs might have been reincarnated at MS due to a lot of what I see and feel with this phone making me think of a lot of great Apple things.""Just for looks and beauty, I definitely favor the Windows 7 phone over Android"

Love all aspects of the hardware and the fact that I can do everything I need fast. I'm in and out of the phone fast and I like it that the information that is most important to me is surfaced to the top. A few missing apps and I hope that Microsoft and Nokia will work hard to get those filled quickly!

I had a Samsung Focus, and it was pretty decent.  The Windows Phone OS is interesting, and at times brilliant.  But I don't think the Focus necessarily showed the full promise of Windows phones.  The Lumia 900 is a great device -- feels solid, has a very nice screen, and is fast (both CPU and network).  It is a nice looking phone, to boot.  With the Nokia device I finally "get" the promise of the Windows phone platform.There will be haters who won't take these phones seriously, which is too bad.  It's a great phone, and at $100 is a pretty amazing value.  Worth checking out!

"Wow"That was my first impression of the Nokia 900 when I turned it on.  The design of the phone itself is obviously well thought out, but when you get it up and running it really becomes a work of art.  The "clearblack" screen Nokia has developed puts my old HTC phone to shame (and I never really thought it was bad until I put it next to the 900's screen).  The colors are crisp, the black levels are very deep black, and the text pops and is very easy to read.Everything in the WP7 OS feels snappy.  People may argue that windows  phones don't have the latest and greatest specs, but the reality is they don't need them.  The OS never lags, and navigating through various apps always feels natural.As for the apps themselves, there's still obviously a long way to go for the marketplace to catch up to the volume of apps in the Android and iOS markets, but the major players are mostly all there and the apps all feel like a unique experience designed around the WP7 metro interface.All in all, this is the first phone I've really been impressed by since the original iPhone.  It's a great alternative in the smartphone market and really puts the spotlight on Microsoft's well designed Windows Phone operating system.Highly recommended.

I recently got this phone coming from an iPhone. I got mine at an AT&T; store rather than Amazon because I also had some account issues to work out. I'm not really sure where to begin. This phone is fantastic! I don't know what they did to the body but it just feels very good in the hand. It has a very soft yet durable quality. I have the black one and the design is just gorgeous, in my opinion.One of the things that struck me right away compared to the iPhone is how animated and lively the every day experience of navigating around is. Everything feels extremely fast and slick. I can sit here opening and closing various screens and it looks like the graphics are dancing, because everything is animated and futuristic. Some buddies of mine cautioned me that it might be slow because it only has a single core processor, but this is one of the fastest phones I have ever used. However, it takes around 10 seconds to load some of the more graphics intensive games like Hydro Thunder. I love the fact that all of my social network notifications and other information just appear on my home screen. It makes it easy to keep up with things without having to go into several different apps.Get this phone.

Due to recent news there is no update from Windows Phone 7.5 (Mango) to the next version Windows Phone 8 (Apollo).Don't buy it.

I will give my personal experience as the technical details have been discussed a lot. The first thing you notice is the square block tiles that makes the interface unfamiliar. It scrolls smoothly but still you wonder whether it is the right thing for you.But, the seamless integration with facebook, exchange server and the push notification really makes you do things faster and more productive.The apps, the browser and the crystal clear large screen makes it more of a small computer that you can be productive on anytime. The call quality is much better in the sense that with other phones, the calls get frequently dropped while I am in the elevator - but it never gets dropped with this one.All in all, this is a great choice for a customer.

I like the design and build is really good. OS is really smooth and so far I have not encountered a single problem with my phone. Battery life is usual to that of a smartphone. Overall, I really like this phone and is highly recommended for everyone.

I have been an iPhone user since 2008 when they were exclusively for at&t. The type of dude who would wait on long lines to get the newest model.  After a few years wanted to do something different. Was bored and wanted something new.  I knew android wasn't an option. Always hated that green robot and that big HTC clock.  I came across a YouTube video comparing my iPhone 4s to a lumia.  Its was on on par with virtually every feature I loved and even beat it in some test.  I had to see if this was a hoax.  I went to at&t opened a second line and gave it 30 days thinking I'd be returning it.  I was sold in 7.  It was great looking solid and polished.  Nice to hold and nice size screen.  Os was fast smooth and fresh looking.  And the updated tiles rocked for me.  Sports, news, weather without going to any app.  Lte was crazy fast and kept beating my iPhone easily even on WiFi.  Pictures and video was good excellent. Tell me which is the voice assistant like siri could open apps and read text out loud and.respond to text.  Also make calls on speaker all with voice.  I use this feature everyday while driving. And i could pin everything to front screen. Music, albums, web pages games no longer having to go into app.  From the music hub to the picture hub the font and the way it just looked popped and was something new and fresh.  Not just a thousand apps where i have to scroll across 7 pages to access them.  Who cares about a million apps as long as i have the main ones (windows has over 100,000). Everytime i use it outside people look because it's fresh new and different and not like the androids lr like the iPhone which everybody seems to have now.  I'm definitely not hating on the iPhone but ever since i got the lumia 900 its been in my shoebox collecting dust. Yes the 4s.  Who cares about dual core quad core because even though i hear it's single core it functions smooth and extremely fast. I'm telling you give it a try,  you will see what all the fuss is about.

I purchased the Lumia 900 to replace a Samsung Focus and have been very pleased with it. The hardware is elegant and refined and complements the Windows Phone operating system well. The lack of a multi-core processor has been the source of much undeserved criticism. To that I would say, because the operating system is so light and efficient, there is no need for more than one core. Translation: less heat, thinner form factor and longer battery life.The 4G HSPA+ is way faster than 3G in my area. Unfortunately, I have not been able to experience LTE since it is not yet available in my market.Microsoft's decision to not offer an upgrade path to Windows Phone 8 for the Lumia 900 and other Windows Phone 7 hardware is regrettable yet understandable as it is the industry standard to deprecate older hardware for the sake of improved software. Anyone try running iOS 5 on anything older than an iPhone 3GS lately? Even the latest Android will not run on older hardware.As a developer, I maintain devices with the three major mobile operating systems (Windows Phone, Android, iOS) and have settled on Windows phone as my primary development and usage platform. The Lumia 900 meets or exceeds all my expectations in a very aesthetic package. My only gripe is that the battery is NOT user servicable.

When I buy a product, product, price, service and brand are the major factors impacting my decision making. All I can say is I am very satisfied with my decision to choose Lumia 900.

This is hands down the best phone and OS I've ever used. I have had 3 iPhone's (since the first gen) and one android dual core.-This phone is unbelievably smooth and easy to use.-The battery life is FANTASTIC. Much better than any Android I've come across-I love love love the live tiles, makes my life so much easier. Plus good looking!-This phone is incredibly durable. I've dropped it a few times already and not even a scratch or dent anywhere on it.-The sound clarity and reception is great-Music player on this is awesome.-The bluetooth text reading function in my car is a life saver! No need to remember to text when I stop somewhereI would recommend this phone to anyone and everyone. You can't beat this phone and especially for the price!

I got the phone from Amazon wireless 1 week ago and I like it more and more.Pros:1. Solid build (totally Nokia style)2. Nice interface, at least I feel happy when using it.3. Fast speed. Very smooth when opening apps and browsing webpage.4. A lot of free apps. I downloaded 30+ useful apps, all free. And the built-in Nokia drive and transit are very useful to me.5. Satisfactory battery life (1-2 days normal use).6. Price (really, Nokia gave me money for having it).Cons:1. Apps are a bit less. I know Windows Phone has 80k+ apps in total. But still, popular apps like Paypal and Draw Something etc. are missing. I really hope I can have those popular apps on my phone.Overall I think it is a great phone. And I am impressed by the good faith from Nokia/Microsoft. Get one when it is still cheap :D

It's a great phone and even better than iPhone 4S. I like the display and camera. It's fast and looks really nice.I was thinking to buy an iphone but eventlayy decided to buy Nokia Lumia 900 and I'm happy with my new purchase.

The Nokia Lumia 900 has been the best phone I've had to date.  Other great phones I've owned are the iPhone 4s 3gs, HTC Evo, Moto Droid and HTC HD2.  This phone needs little improvements and it's great from the box.  Windows Phone Marketplace has beefed up and won't disappoint.  All in all the point is I don't feel like something is missing when using this phone.  I don't have to spend time searching for installed apps like iPhone or the need to tweak to OS like an Android.  This phone seems solid and lightweight as well.  You'll be glad you got it.  There is a reason for all these great reviews.

I was able to upgrade to a new phone so I went for this one considering I like windows (use windows 7 and xbox).  I had (actually still have) an iphone 4.  I really like the OS on the lumia but it's not as polished as the iphone in some aspects.  The screen looks awesome with the AMOLED display however, it's not as sharp as the retina display on the iphone.  Also, the phone has already frozen on me a couple of times and my other phone almost never froze.  The software is great but not well polished.  I cant send video MMS and i cant take screen shots.  I also miss some apps like instagram and skype.  I'm sure the apps wont be an issue for long but I really hope the software gets updated.  If it doesn't get the "apollo" update then I will be bummed and probably go for another iphone in the future.  I believe windows phone has the potential to be better than all other platforms but Microsoft needs to start executing FAST.  For the price, this phone is worth it especially if it gets the future "apollo" update which will, without a doubt, address most of my concerns.  I was tired of the static UI of the iphone, it looked boring after years and it didn't feel as alive as the lumia 900.  At least i have both phones to switch off if I ever need to.

I absolutely love this phone, the windows platform is seamless. The speed is right where i expect it. It has more then enough apps for my use. The screen size and design is large enough with a sleek euro feel. But today the phone died, just a little over a month after I purchased it. Now I have to go through the headache of going to the AT&T store for a replacement. The Nokia website shows this is a problem they've had with the previous 800 and now the 900, not good.

I love the Windows Phone user interface. Everything is beautiful, clean and simple. 4G LTE is fast!! Love this phone.

I got the phone two days ago. It works great. I like it very much. But better screen is desired.

I just got my phone yesterday and have been playing with it since.  I had a windows mobile phone about two years ago and it was horrible and needed constant reboot.  Been using Iphone (3GS & 4S) and Atrix before I got this lumia 900.  The new windows phone 7.5 OS has improved so much since my experience with windows mobile.  It's fast and smooth and working great without bugs so far!!  Love having MS office on my phone.The lumia phone feels and looks more premium than those plasticky phones.  It was easy to set up and to update through my laptop.  Camera loads up fast and takes decent pictures in low lighting.  Call quality is great.  I'm getting 3 to 4 bars in my building at work where I normally get about 2 bars with my other phones.  Love the screen size and the bright colors.  Only wish it would come with headphones.

I recently purchased two Nokia Lumia 900s, and we are completely satisfied with the choice. Using this phone is just like using a Windows OS computer -- your e-mail, photos, and favorite websites are all just a tap away.I am told by people I call that the phone sound clarity is very adequate (I am understating the case -- I was told it is "perfect" including over the SYNC system in our SUV). We were able to port our phone numbers from our old carrier -- just be sure AT&T; has your correct information from your former carrier account. We did have a glitch, but AT&T; quickly fixed things. AT&T; also solved other problems in a way that was very beneficial to us. I cannot speak too highly of both their tech support and billing employees. They have been superb!Bear in mind that if you are used to smaller flip phones, for example, the size of this baby takes a little getting used to; however, this slight impracticality is outweighed by all of the things this phone can do.There are apps for everything under the sun, and many, many are free. We are using GasBuddy, WeatherBug, FastFood Nutrition, and Lotto, to name a few.Our data package with AT&T; gives each of us 3Gig of data per month. We are averaging under 10Meg a day, so we are well on course. When we use a WiFi network, we get unlimited data use and no usage charge against the 3Gig allotment. We may be able to cut back to a 300Meg plan and save on the monthly charges. (If any of this turns out differently over time, I will update this section of my review.)If you are looking to take the next step in hardware, I am confident that you will be very happy with this choice. The AT&T-Nokia-Microsoft; relationship is a good one for us customers!

This screams quality, feels great, love the design. Screen is great and the OS is super smooth.Great price, call quality is tops.  Zero bugs unlike my android.  All the apps I need. and the facebook integrationis way nicer than Android.  The included Nokia drive is great. Offline turn by turn navigation normally costs a ton onmy other phones.Web browser rocks also, pinch and zoom works now!You can't go wrong.

I got mine last Friday and spent the weekend having fun with it...  It was incredibly easy to set-up and it's amazing!  The screen is large and vivid and everything is right there in front you.  It's always risky buying into a brand new product and with phones, going against iPhone or Android, but this was one risk that's really rewarding!!

I have had this phone for a week or so.  All the cell phones I have ever owned have been Nokias. I am loyal to the core. No company makes the hardware as great as Nokia.  Previously, I had a Nokia E71X and let me tell you...you can throw a Nokia phone against a wall and it will not break..too bad the old Sybian system did not do well.  It was easy to use. Nokia phones are made to last. Not cheap looking like the iphone.Anyway, the Windows system is a breeze to figure out.My phone was charged out of the box. I had it up and running within 10 minutes.  Was able to tranfer all my contact and more from my old Nokia via bluetooth easily.  The picture on this phone is GORGEOUS.  There are not many applications yet like android or the iphone, but that will come in time..the more people use them. I cannot highly recommend this phone enough.  Get this phone and see for yourself.

not good phone.not convenient, zune is stupid. battery is not good. difficult to change ringtone, GSP does not speak out street name.

I must say that I was a long time iPhone user (~ 4 years) and pretty happy with it. But it kind of starting boring and same UI since 2007. So whenever I went to at&t; store, I tried Windows Phone. Initially I hated the live tiles and complained about so much wasted space. Android was out of the equation, so wasn't even thinking about it.I finally made up my mind and got my lumia 900, I must says that I started loving it every bit. There are still few quirks but overall I like the simple interface, its fast (who needs quad core). Here are the few things I don't like1) Wish google opens up there YouTube api to get native WP app. Talk about "Don't be evil" mantra :)2) Back button sometimes gets stuck.3) More quality apps.

I have used Symbian, Apple, and Motorola/Android. So I feel confident to say this phone is a great phone, hardware and software.First off I do love Nokia. Their phones are always well built and stand out. I liked that for the past few years bately anyone in the US had a phone like mine. Symbian got a bad rap because it was more customizeable than Android and my old phone (5800 XpressMusic) was doing things 2-3 years ago that are just now standard on Android and Apple.I miss Symbian because WP has sucked a lot of common sense and life from the Lumia. I know Nokia had a better grip on what a phone of this caliber can really do. However WP is a solid and basic and very attractive UI which took 5 min to master. You barely need a manual! Smart move. It took me 2 weeks to customize my Android phone and I was still never satisfied lol.The phone is gorgeous. It is solid to hold. I thought my little hands would hate the size but it's actually more comfortable than my smaller Atrix.Things to be tweaked...autorotate...urrrgh, custom alert tones, screen discoloration (they are already on top of that), little things that Nokia had down pat. Microsoft has seriously limited them. But if you know Nokia, they are pretty good at upgrading and updating their phones.Best of all, it's a phone first! Calls are clear and no problems in that respect at all.

Was an iPhone user till now. My first Nokia and my first WindowsPhone OS. Love it. It's very fast and easy to use. The add-on from Nokia like MixRadio and Maps is worth the money already. I think the strategy from Nokia to offer special add-on will bring the break-through for them, why shall I buy another WP-Phone without these gadgets. Bought the Nokia Play 360, wow, cool stuff, the only negative thing here is that it doesn't connect automatically by Bluetooth. The navigation through the Apps could be improved as well, but regarding apps, found all I needed; addicted to Wordament right now! The quality of the Call is fine. My kids urge me to get them a Lumia 900 as well, formerlery Android-Users!I am still happy with my Lumia 900, but feel cheated with the announcement of WP8. There wont be any Apps later as the coding is much different, all the hot games/apps coming soon are not for me. I assume this was it for Nokia, as nobody gonna buy any Lumia the next months and all the people returning there phone, RIP.

There have been many reviews that dig into the many good things about this phone so I'm not going to add a ton of detail on that.I'm writing this more as a focus on those things that the detractors will say it can't do without actually experiencing the phone.First off, this phone does not have the high end specs of some other phones out there. It does not have multiple cores, it does not have a 64GB variant, it does not have expandable storage, and it does not have a removable battery. Those things make it even more impressive when experiencing what the OS can do with what is packed inside this handset. The single core processor is more than enough to handle all of the tasks thrown at it. The 16GB of storage is enough for most people and if you use the free Skydrive service you really don't need to eat into that space too much at all for anything other than videos. There is no need for a removable battery unless you never put the thing down in an LTE area as most people are able to get a full day of normal use without issue.Next, apps. This is not directly related to the Lumia 900 but to the Windows Phone platform as a whole. People complain about a "lack of apps" when, in fact, most of the popular apps that people use on other devices are already released in the 70,000+ that are out there today. Many of those that don't have official apps have an unofficial app that someone has written to tie into the same service or an equivalent. Some companies have flat out refused to write applications for the platform and while they may be popular on other platforms, they're just missing out on more sales.Finally, the build quality. The Lumia is a very well constructed piece of hardware. It has a great size and weight to make it where it does not feel cheap but also is hardly noticeable in the pocket. A Gorilla Glass screen is almost a must on mobile devices these days and because the entire shell of the phone is made from a single injection mold minor nicks and dings wont ruin the appearance (hopefully, I haven't found this out first hand yet). Also, the polycarbonate allows it to take a decent fall without shattering. I haven't drop tested mine, yet, but there are reports already of some falls with little or no damage.Overall, if you aren't already deeply rooted in Apple or Google ecosystems, there is no reason to not try out the Lumia. It's a great phone, the OS is very well made, and it's absolutely a fully functional device.It's a steal for the price and if you pick it up in a corporate store you can even return if you don't initially like it so why not?

Coming from a Samsung Focus, this was an upgrade for someone used to the OS and its ecosystem. Almost all aspects of this device have been improved over Samsung's Focus implementation. I have all of my app wants/needs met, but I have pretty modest needs. The 85,000+ apps might not seem like allot to some, but I'm satiated. And the market keeps growing. My only complaint is that the touch response seems a bit slower than the Focus. Not laggy, just not as fast to follow long and fast finger movements.

You would love this phone if majority of your application are on Microsoft platform . It works seamlessly with MS Exchange, Hotmail, Messenger, Facebook and office. Even though there are less app on the marketplace,compare to Android and Apple marketplace, but you will find all the necessary and great apps. You can combine multiple account like facebook, windows live to single one. It is very easy to manage and I am addicted to this phone. WP 8 might be better than wp 7.5, but you cannot say that this is junk. The only problem with this phone it does not support localized language on an IE. If I open a website that is in local language, it displays boxes instead of text. That is only the issue. I do not know if there is any fixes for this or not.

I am an AT&T; customer since 2002. I was due for an upgrade for at least a year, and I was holding on to it as I was not impressed with anything out there..until Nokia Lumia 900 showed up. I pre ordered it on 4/2 from AT&T; and received mine on 4/6. I have been using this phone heavily for the last one week, and here are my impressions:Pros:- Excellent build quality, it feels solid in your hand. The polycarbonate shell is just amazing. It feels real premium in your hand, you have to hold it in person to understand what I am trying to convey.- Signal strength on this phone is absolutely amazing. If you have trouble with getting adequate signal in places that matter, I will absolutely recommend this phone. Nokia pedigree shows.- Great battery life. With above average use, 3 email accounts, bluetooth on, WiFi on, I have 20% or more juice left by the time I go to sleep.- I am on conference calls often, and the speakerphone on this phone is real good.- I am not a blind follower of any OS, but Windows Phone 7.5 Mango is very intuitive, easy to use and real fluid. It is designed in a way to reach your most used tasks in 2 to 3 clicks. This takes away some of the extreme customizations you can do on some other OSes, but for most users, this will be a nonissue.- The data speeds on LTE is blindingly fast. If you are in an LTE area, and use data on the go, this is the phone to get. It works well on AT&T; HSPA+ network also, so don't hesitate to try if you are not in LTE area.- Nokia provides a free turn by turn Navigation on this phone with downloadable maps. This is pretty cool as you don't need a data connection to use this. Very helpful for people who travel to Europe.Edit: Another reviewer just reminded me of another pro. The circular polarising ClearBlack display helps you read better in direct sunlight.Cons:The cons on this phone are very minor from my perspective. However to bring some balance to my review, here are some:- The camera is great for outdoor shots, but not that great indoors. A lot of this I believe is due to user error, ie. getting used to the 2 step camera button. If you can get into the manual settings and tweak, you can get much better shots. Normally, Nokia issues software updates for their phones to improve the camera over time, I hope this would be the case.- The piece of metal around the camera scratches pretty easily. There are some gel cases that snugly fit without taking away the beauty of this phone that could help ease this.- Screen attracts finger print easily, but I guess that is the case for all touchscreen phones.- App store for Windows is still in a growth stage. There are some 80000+ apps in there, but a lot of them are poor quality (same with other OSes too). I found most of the 20+ apps I need, but if you are looking for a lot of apps, please check Microsoft Windows Phone webpage if your favorite app is available.PS: Did I say this is an absolute beauty? The word stunning will be an understatement in my opinion. I mean there is nothing like it, and if you are looking to stand out of the crowd, this is the one to pick. Once you hold it, everything else looks so boring.

I had a Samsung Focus before this, along with an iPhone, a "top level" android phone, Blackberry, etc etc etc. This kills all of them. Not even by a little, but by  A LOT. Everything is easier, everything is quicker. In my opinion, don't be a spec junkie when it comes to phones. It doesn't work that way from my experiences. This phone KILLS IT on everything I need it to do, and although the pictures don't really do it justice, it's a real head turner. Also, first smart phone that I've ever owned that I don't feel bad about not having a case or screen protector on it. Which is a good feeling indeed. Don't wait, buy this now. I promise you will not regret it. Oh and did I mention the camera is awesome too?

I've been using this baby for a few hours now and I've got to say, it's just fantastic.  My little brother has an android and that's the direction I was going in last week, but great reviews and my friends told me otherwise.  This phone looks like the future os, and it's just slick and fast, even running on one core!!  That's how great the os is with the lumia 900.  The marketplace has all the apps I need, though the apps are sure to increase as more users adopt this phone and future windows phones.  I just can't believe this is a windows phone!  It's awesome and the hardware seems as though it was crafted by the hand of god.Seriously, for $100, this phone is a steal!!!

Have the Nokia Lumia 900 (black) now since 10 days and I have to say that I am loving it. I am coming from the iPhone 4S and and Samsung Galaxy SII, but think that the Nokia Lumia 900, which came free to me since I started a new contract with AT&T;, is by far the best phone of those three and the best phone I had so far.The construction of the phone is very solid and I am not afraid to break it. The unibody is great and does not seem to get scratched. The screen is great, maybe not a retina resolution but that is not necessary. So far, I never had problems with reading the screen even in bright daylight, the sun directly shining onto the screen. The back camera is good as well, at least in daylight and the front facing camera is awesome, the best I have had so far. Skype and Tango work great with it and my video chat partners say that the quality improved significantly.Windows Phone 7.5 is so far also a great operating system. I don't mind that I only have 5 flashlight apps instead of 30. One good one would be enough for me. Furthermore, Nokia and Microsoft seem to be extremely fast with fixes. While Samsung left me in the dark with reception problems for over 3 months and Apple's antenna-gate was never solved, Lumia's was fixed within one week and we got $100 for the inconvenience. That is customer support and commitment.Overall, I am recommending the Nokia Lumia to all my friends and family and they are fascinated about the refreshing, responsive UI.

General: I had the device for a week now, I used to have the samsung focus and the iPhone 3GS before that - just for comparison.Pros:The device is amazing, feels premium and rich.The battery life is awesome.the screen is great and big - great for ebooks.Camera produces great photos - I got lots of positive comments about my shots so far.I got Visual voicemail! woohooExternal Speaker is loud and high quality16GB is tons of space compared to my previous phones which all had 8GB.Cons:Upgrading and reinstalling my Apps, plus migrating my settings was a pain

The phone keeps having problem connecting to 4g. Keeps having to see error messages like "having issue connecting to network/marketplace/etc. And this is supposed to be a featured phone ...

I have used iPhone since 2009 but now my favorite phone is the beautiful Lumia 900. This phone is amazing. I like its feel in my hands, sturdy and nice. Beautiful design with nice curves, solid body and contrasting colors. The operative system is easy to use and is, indeed, very fast, much faster than my iPhone 4. I like the Marketplace that has almost every App I need and I do not miss the messy iPhone Apps store which has hundred of thousands of Apps that I do not need.I have seen some complains that the pictures quality are not as good as other phones but my question is have these people used cameras customized settings to take some shots? If you use them you will see that Lumis pictures are great especially the wide angle setting.I love the Nokia Apps such as Nokia drive and preloaded maps which allows me not to use my data plan while I am using GPS.The battery life is great and is much better than my iPhone. After 12 hours of heavy using it still has 30% of capacity.The phone smoothly syncs with my business outlook and business contacts are transfered to the phone automatically. I like the People menu which has all my contacts in one place. As I rated it, I love this phone and I am happy that I got the Cyan color before it was sold out. Not to mention that I got a $100 credit as I bought it before April 21.

Whats good in LumiaFM Radio, 4G, Price($10!!!!!)Downloading the apps is faster and easierWhats bad in Lumiayoutube app - After seeing iPhone's version, every other version looks lame.Searching for a phone contactbrowsing through apps list. You feel that there are too many apps even though you have only 15. Learn from apple - group the apps.Why do I need to go through two screens to view the apps or settings?Is it a keeper?I will hold onto it since I don't want to spend more on the phone.

while the phone looks nice, there is some lag time switching between apps and my data goes in and out nonstop.then, the worst part, i go through the app store and other than facebook, there is not one app i'd want to download/use/buy.plus, att is horrific in manhattan so when the data does work, "4G" is slower than death......i gave it a shot but back to iphone.

I love this phone.  I wanted to give it more than 5 stars.  Only thing missing is some really good Nokia features but I believe they will come.  It is so simple to use, has everything, and is better than all other devices.  One problem is no choice for network carrier at this point one of Nokia's features that I have been spoiled with.  The only other is problem is there no way to play music to radio.  But with everything else including Nokia drive, Nokia maps, Nokia creative studio, and even Nokia City Lens Beta I know things will only improve even more. Really the best smart phone currently available.  Most importantly, I can always see everything on my phone with no problems even in the brightest sunlight and even with a screen protector.  Everything always looks beautiful on the Nokia Lumia 900.

I purchased this phone online from ATT and got it 2 days before release.  I previously had an iPhone 4, and had been upgrading year over year since the iPhone 3g.  Nothing was wrong with my iphone, I liked it a lot.  I just wanted something new, and wanted 4g.  Up steps the Lumia 900.The Metro UI was the thing that got me on board.  I love it's setup, and I love that it doesn't use small cubes in negative space like android and IOS.  I love the transitions, I love the menus, I love it all.Battery life is iffy, but that's because this is the 4g phone I've had, and I'll imagine it burns up faster than a 3g one would.The ONLY downside for me is the paltry windows marketplace.  I'm sure that as more people buy it, the more people will create apps for it.  Its a small leap of faith by the consumer, but one I feel is worth it.

The Nokia Lumia 900 is an excellent phone. Do not hesitate to buy this phone. I was an initial iPhone fanatic but got tired of all of the excessive hidden costs and usability issues. Moved over to a Samsung Focus and was impressed with the improvement in usability from the iPhone. What would take me 3-4 clicks on an iPhone took me 1-2 clicks on the Windows Phone 7. Just traded the Samsung Focus in for the Nokia Lumia 900, and love it. The screen is bold and beautiful and speed is incredible. Running multiple apps simultaneously is a great bonus. If you are on the fence in buying this phone, I would go for it... What made the deal even better was the $100 Nokia rebate.

My wife upgraded from iphone 3GS. She was tired of the phone. Stated it looked old and hard to text. Also the calling clarity was bad. Too many people told her it was hard to hear her.My wife really likes this new phone. The only thing is she's mad she didn't get it in white. The main thing I noticed (I use a Atrix 2) is that the call quality is 100% better than her iphone. First time I called her it was like she was in the other room talking to me. I was impressed. The phone looks cool, works well. feels good too. I like how the tiles are active. Nokia Drive is comparable to Google Navigation except it lets you download the maps... which is a huge plus for people who don't have unlimited data plans.The camera is decent. The app selection is small. The price was amazing. $49 plus $100 back from ATT. Can't beat ATT paying me $51 to upgrade to this phone. If I had an option to upgrade my Atrix 2 I would probably upgrade to this phone as well.Overall my wife is very impressed with this phone... and I am a tad envious.

Just like Lumia 800, this phone is amazingly fast and very easy to use. We got this phone to my wife and it's basically the same as Lumia 800 but with the bigger screen size. Camera and gallery are superb. Social media is fully integrated and works like a charm. Browsing in internet is made very well and also I love the music player. This phone is really made for the people, not for the engineers. No useless/pointless features that only makes the UI confusing for the user.Very nice hardware design, when I got this phone to my hand the WOW-effect was immediate. The screen is very bright and sharp. Excellent.After using this phone there is no turning back to Android. Android is very confusing and hard to use compared to Lumia interface! I very much recommend this phone!

I have been using this phone for almost 2 months now, and I like it. I switched over from an iPhone 4 because I was tired of the small screen and the boreing iPhone experience. On the Lumia, the screen is nice and sharp. I actually compared the same online picture with my dad's iPhone 4s, and the colors looked much more acurate and sharp, the iPhone's "Retina display" looked washed out, not to mention how much better it looks with the bigger screen. So, dispite the iPhone's higher resoulution display, the Lumia's screen looks much better.Now for the os, I was a little unsure about the Windows Phone os, but I actually like it now. Its smooth, and straight forward. I understand that this phone won't be upgradeable to WP8, but this phone won't be compatable with the new features like NFC, and HD display anyways. I think the os will be much better when the 7.8 update will be available (an update this phone will get) because I really want to make the live tiles smaller. Right now, I feel like it takes forever to get to an app because you have to scroll through a bunch of large tiles.The performance of this phone is solid. Some maybe unsure about the single core processor, but the speed is as fast, if not faster than the iPhone 4s. It definately is faster over the network, becuase the 4s isn't even compatable with 4g lte. You also will find the call quality to be great, and the earpiece is loud enough. I mention this becuase I used to have a Sony Ericsson phone that had such a low volume earpiece, that you couldn't hear anything if you were in an area that was only a little loud. Battery life is great, it can last me a whole day with heavy usage.The camera is okay. It takes great pictures in well lit situations, but it doesn't do real well in low ligh situations such as in a restaurant. The led flash helps a little, but not much. One feature that is great is the Nokia Play To app which you can play pictures and video wirelessly to a DLNA device such as a TV, or blu- ray player. I had no problems playing pictures, but videos always freeze. Hopefully they fix the issue soon in the next app update.Finally, the build quality of the phone is excellent. Its make out of plastic, but it feels solid. It feels great to hold, and isn't slippery like the iPhone.Overall, this is a great phone. I would recomend it to anyone looking for a new experience, instead of the same old Android or iPhone. You won't be dissapointed with this device.

I had the Lumia 900 since April and I'm very impressed.I have heard complaints about it being too bulky and heavy but I'm willing to sacrifice that for the great durability.I have found that thinner, lighter phones break a lot easier.The screen is amazing and virtually indestructible.

Finally a company that undertands that a smartphone is still a phone. The speaker on this phone is loud, so loud at high I can hear people talking without having the phone next to my ear! Didn't take too long to get used to the OS over my iPhone, love the look of the OS, makes iphone look like something out of the 80's. Windows Phone is not like the old OS, I hated that so buggy, this Windows Phone 7 has yet to crash on me! Super fast and stable. There are still things that I think need work in the OS, features I think are missing but overall the extra things it does over other smart phones is awesome.My favorite feature is when I have the Lumia 900 paired to my car and driving I hearPhone: Text message from Name do you want to read it or ignore itMe; read itPhone: Blah blah blahPhone: Do you want to reply or ignoreMe: ReplyPhone: Say your messageMe; Blah blah blahPhone: Blah blah blah, do you want to retry or sendme: SendAll without every putting a hand on my phone! Just one thing, like most smartphones, I don't think you would enjoy this phone without a data plan, it is very active to online, syncs contacts, facebook, linked in and provides real time updates which is awesome but you need a dataplan. Speaking of data OMG the phone is fast!

I have been an iphone user for 2 years now and decided to try the new Lumia 900 as my contract ended this month. I have no regrets so far with my new phone. In fact for this price I am getting a whole lot more compared to an iphone (especially Nokia Drive and MS Office that comes free with the L900). I am especially pleased by the build of the lumia 900 and the easy to use operating system. The email client rocks. I am so happy with the phone that I don't want to go back to an iphone.

Went from a gen one Iphone to a 3g, then to a Samsung Focus, lost the focus at a Mavricks game so i went into the store and lo and behold Nokia of all mother-loving companies has a new smartphone out. Having owned Nokia phones in the past quality of construction is guaranteed (the focus was cheap and plasticky). Picked it up right away (for free i might add) and never had any of the problems others are reporting. Still I applied the software update through zune (actually a really good software suite, another huge surprise) never can be too careful.Best parts of the phone,1) Design. I love the way this thing looks, i got the black version but the blue one really pops.2)Speed. This phone is blazing fast ive never seen internet so fast on a phone before. Every app loads up really fast and youtube works like it never has before for me on a mobile3) App ecosystem. The best apps are designed for Windows Phone 7 specifically, and when they are it really shows through in the unity of design. USA today app, Flixter, IGN, and IMDB are some of my favorites they look and work great. I finally found pandora on the phone as well, wpPandora works great (though i still hope for official support)4) Battery life. Thats to be expected with such a fricken huge battery on this thing, my old focus would die after just a few hours of heavy use, don't even get me started on the anemic original 3g iphone. This mamma jamma can go all dang day without needing a wall socket.5) I was worried if the phone was going to be as well supported as the Iphone, but nokia and MS having come out with a software fix and offering a 100 dollar credit less than a week after the phone launched was the deal sealer for me. If they are willing to admit immediately that there is a problem and then FIX IT a company has my support.(unlike apple and its grip of death B.S.)But this phone BEFORE the 21st of april and you essentially get it for FREE. Its really the best darn phone I've ever used.Android users. Stay away, you cant customize anything other than the color of the livetiles and the lock-screen so you will probably hate it. Though honestly i like a more controlled ecosystem than the chaos that is android.

Can't beat it for a top line phone with all the features I need.  I like the blue one as well, but would prefer one in red.  Large screen, easy to use & very responsive compared to my daughters droid 3.

The Nokia Lumia 900 is simply the best portable computer ever made. I describe it as a computer because calling this a phone doesn't describe 1% of what this device is capable of. The iPhone created the revolution for touch interfaces however the Lumia has taken this to a whole other level and for a fraction of the cost. Some of my favourite features are: Integration with social networks, XBOX, & SkyDrive. Live tiles, Nokia Drive & Nokia Music. This computer has a beautiful design and an interface that is easy and just simply works.The best advice for those of you sitting on the fence is simply to just try one. I guarantee you will be impressed and won't look back. Microsoft & Nokia have reinvented themselves and I can't wait to see where they go from here.

I played with the phone at at&t; store. Since wp7 does not allow any customization whatsoever i didn't find much special about the nokia phone compared to other wp7 mobiles.Specifically what i like about Lumia 900: Stylish, size and feel, Nokia navigation, okay camera with dedicated button, bright screen, price tag.What i dislike about wp7: lack of apps especially from google, have to scroll a lot to find the app on your screen or in the app window (my major dislike), lack of customization (but that's personal)Why would someone want to use bing maps or bing search when there is google anyway? At least Microsoft is not trying to reinvent youtube, but who knows maybe we'll get some bingtube at some point.This handset is absolutely gorgeous and nice, if you like wp7 you should definitely try it. But i don't see anything really outstanding in lumia 900. Hopefully Nokia will be able to do cooler tricks with Apollo (like PureView stuff), current OS is a bit primitive.I hope i'm wrong here, but the number of super positive reviews is suspicious to me (i know i'm not alone though). As i've read many time lumia 900 is a very important device for both Nokia and Microsoft, make or break. So they might somehow be related to these reviews.PS: I've sorted lumia 900 reviews by "Newest first". Next to the reviewers name there is a link  "See all my reviews". When you click on it you see how many reviews the person has written, and actually read them. Out of 10 people i looked at there were only 2 individuals with more than 1 review: myself, and another one who made 2 reviews - for lumia 900 black and for lumia 900 cyan. For example, when i did the same with galaxy s2 i got the numbers: 1 3 2 1 15 2 5 5 1 1. Doesn't it look a bit strange that users who wrote reviews for Lumia 900 do not write any other reviews for any other products? Are they part time users or something?

I have owned and supported a lot of smartphones incuding all iphones and top android models. This phone is simple to use, pleasing to look at, has all the apps you would want, and more sex appeal than any tech device should be allowed to have.This phone really shines when you use the built in microsoft add free music service for $9 a month. It can't be beat.My favorite app is navigon for driving directions (garmin owned)

While this phone looks and works great it broke after only a month.  When the battery was completely drained for the first time it won't boot up even though the battery is fully charged the next day. I did some search online and it seems like a lot of people are having the same problem. I got a new replacement but the charging port is broken on that one. So now I have two brand new bricked phones.

Everything about this phone simply screams high quality and exquisite polish.  Highly recommended phone for anyone looking for an alternative to the exclusive walled garden of Iphone of the bug ridden open wasteland of Android.

Unfortunately the majority of the knocks on the LUMIA 900 and the Windows OS (MANGO) are so obviously written from a "...because its not like the IPHONE" point of view. I struggled for a longtime with the decision to break away from the APPLE ecosystem. I have a IPAD but I still use my PC for productivity. The IPAD and the IPHONE work together so seamlessly. All my plugs and adapters work together so why not stay with APPLE?The fact is that the change isn't nearly as dramatic as I thought it would be and the phone works beautifully. I wanted something different and because WINDOWS/NOKIA is competing they throw everything at you. For $99, I get built in Navigation (voiced), Transit schedules (every major city and then some), Maps (for online and offline use), Text Messaging (read & written by voice via bluetooth), Code Scanners (those weird boxes u see in magazine ads and store windows), etc. Yeah I know the IPHONE has all that for $100 more. The reality is that the specs are irrelevant to most of you. Someone writes that the IPHONE's pixel density on the screen is superior. Trust me when I tell u that you won't notice. That is for someone looking for a writing point. The camera? Well the Iphone 4s does have sharper pictures but again you won't notice much and I use my Canon for important pictures anyway. ITUNES versus ZUNE. It seems like a pain to have both since I still use my shuffle for the gym but want content on my windows phone. Its not. Unlike ITUNES, ZUNE isn't a space hog and easily reads the music on your computer and translates it to Zune format for easy transfer to your phone. Perfect, even though I don't use my phone in the gym but only keep podcasts on my phone. The ITUNES APP STORE is bigger by far but I find that with the exception of Words With Friends I miss nothing. APPS are overrated since most of us only use 20% of the ones on our phone.As for the size of the LUMIA, ask yourself why the new IPHONE is getting a larger screen? The LUMIA is not hard to hold but no it is not as small as the Iphone. You get used to it just like you got use to the touch screen when you thought that wasn't gonna ever happen. Well that is a good thing since many of us have started using our phone to type emails and documents*, watch movies, play games, etc. The bigger screen is so much better for those things. You buy a case which has rubberized grips and your fine. Besides, the LUMIA's build quality is great and doesn't bulge crazy in my suit jacket. It is just fine in my car cup holder and obviously a bag holds everything fine. So, ignore the APPLE shilling among the AT&T; employees (they get a bigger commission I suspect from the IPHONE)and jump on the next cool thing and stop being like everyone else. You will have no buyers remorse. This phone is beautiful. *Microsoft Office on your phone has the wonderful benefit of making editing, downloading, and reading documents on your phone a wonderfully easy and intuitive experience.

I've had my Nokia 900 for a few months now and this is an update to another review I did giving it 5 stars then.  Since then it's a perfect 5 stars and this review also speaks of the huge gain in apps at Marketplace.  The apps are so beautiful and so much thought of quality I must give Nokia and Microsoft a thumbs up on keeping such a high standard.  If you move from Apple or Android, you will be shocked how beautiful the apps are on the Nokia.  Nokia has their own section in Marketplace and you will be very happy with the apps there.  I love the Nokia Pulse app through NokiaBetaLabs, that is like a private social media for family and friends and you can add pictures as well to send to each other.  Everything about this phone is easy, beautiful and quality.  Nokia is also adding more apps and those are especially apps to grab.  If you have apps on iphones or android you like, those may appear on better different apps at the Marketplace.  BUY THIS PHONE....YOU'LL LUV IT.  This is the best smartphone ever.

It's light and just feels great in your hand. The camera is great and fast! Good battery life too. I am much more pleased with the Windows Phone's UI than Android's, which just gives you a desktop on your phone. I found all the essential apps I used on android. It is much faster than all my previous phones.

Better than my Iphone in general. I think the windows phone OS on the Lumia 900 is very good ... fast, responsive and easy to use ... it took me about 15 mins to get use to the OS ... I really like this phone. You can also customize the live tiles with different colors. GPS can talks in many languages. Internet access is fast since it uses 4G LTE which is much faster than 3G. For $100.00 with contract, it's a good deal.

The Nokia Lumia 900 has been great so far.  Nokia has been responsive to issues, which is nice to see.  This is a great Windows Phone that should get the attention of almost anyone looking for a smartphone.

The Nokia Lumia 900 is a device I wouldn't give to my worst enemy. This is the second brand new phone issued that does not work properly.(1) The screen blacks out at any given time(2) You can't access the internet(3) The key pad gets stuck(4) You can't retrieve messages through Adobe(5) Life of battery sucks and has to be charged several times throughout dayTECH SUPPORT IS NO SUPPORT!Good product,but new product and AT&T; HAS NOT worked out kinks.Everything that looks good isn't good; spend your hard earned money on something that work.

At this stage I leave all the good aspect of this device.So far my major concern on this devise is poor talk time. The battery doesn't hold charge even for 2-3 hours talk time!. although I use the phone around less than 30 minutes talk time and very minimal data usage, also disabled all the background processes I have to charge twice a day!. At this stage I have asked for a replacement to see if this is a trouble with the devise I received. Waiting for the new devise to come and test. Will keep this updated once I review the replacement.I got the replacement devise ,but still the battery doesn't hold charge more than 24 hours..

Not much else to say after all the in-depth reviews. I will just pile on with another 5 star vote.

I have been testing out the nokia lumia 900 for the past week and a half and so far i have loved it.Things that will immediately stick out when handled:Great feel( Size, shape, weight) in my opinion this is one of the best feeling phones that i have ever used.Fluid OS, this is my first Windows 7 Phone and even though i had heard good things i have never given them a fair shake. I am extremely surprised at how well this OS is built, and how slick the everyday use is.Bright Screen, most phones these days boast some sort of ridiculous stat for screen's resolution and clarity. most of these confuse the average consumer with odd terms and crazy stats. At the end of the day if you put it in someones had and they love the screen, you know you have done your job. Nokia has nailed it, the blacks are dark and the colors pop off the screen.after the first week of use the major things i noticed was that nokia has brought to the table is their great antanna and their classic call quality. Speaker phone was loud (for a change), and i had to turn the earpiece volume down.Great Phone for a great price.

Okay, over the years I have had every phone in the market. The ones that come close to comparing to this phone would be the iPhone 4s, Samsung Galaxy S II, Droid Razor, MyTouch. Out of all of those phones this one is the best so far. The iPhone is good but over rated.Nokia has been my favorite company for a long time now the Nokia I have owned is the straight talk slide phone and the Nokia Astound.Yeah Android is great with many options to choose from but Nokia's have the best battery life I have ever had. The phone shows that out forth a lot of time money and reach to create this phone. When I first say the ad on YouTube I Google this and pre order the thing and this was the first Windows phone I have ever used and this totally WOWED me with the smooth response and the HD Display.ONE THING BAD ABOUT THE PHONE... I WISH IT WOULD WORK WITH T-MOBILE AND ALL THE OTHER COMPANIES! THAT'S ALL I KNOW THAT IS WRONG WITH THIS PHONE.LOVE IT(:&lt;3

Bought the Lumia 900 on launch day and I am thrilled.  It's fast and sleek.  Very good battery life.  Display is beautiful.

I switched to the lumia 900 from a older iphone, and have really enjoyed it. The operating system is smooth and quick, and I love the live tiles. It was a welcome change from the iphone's OS, which had grown rather bland to me.A better camera (it struggles badly in low light especially compared to my wife's iphone 4s camera) and uncertainty about future apps working with WP8 make the lumia 900 a 4 instead of a 5 star product.

Feels great in the hand. Very good screen with deep blacks and vibrant colors. Windows Phone 7.5 just works great without a problem. I almost forget to reboot it once a week or so just to give it a fresh start (not that I need to). The Live Tiles make it much nicer and modern then iPhone and Android. Zune music subscription is the best music service hands down and works great with my Xbox and Windows Phone. Office with SkyDrive integration is really great to access the same document from anywhere on my phone or PC. The Facebook integration is really easy nice to keep up with friends and family without trying very hard. There is plenty of Apps and only will get better with Windows 8!!!

I got tired of obsessively tinkering with my Android phone to get it to work like I wanted.  It was just way too chaotic.  Nevermind the 6-hour battery life.  And why would I ever want an iPhone, which is just Windows 3.1 on a 3.5" screen?The Lumia 900 has made me not have to worry about messing with my phone anymore.  It just works well, and that's the way it works.  If that works for you, then great... But if you like to spend hours every week rooting and tweaking, then enjoy your miserable Android life.  I don't miss it one bit.I finally have a smartphone that makes me feel at ease about everything going on in my life.  I get about a day and a half on a single charge.  Plus, the platform is only going to get better!  THE FUTURE HAS ARRIVED!PS - If you're having battery issues, make sure to check your background services in the settings, and ask yourself if you really need to check your email as items arrive (push).  I set mine to check every 30 minutes and the battery life has been superb.

First, This is an awesome phone. Second this is Nokia you are talking about. Not Samsung or HTC who dont care abotu their phones.Nokia (thru Nokia Conversations) has said that Lumia phones "There will be a lot of exciting capabilities coming as part of a pattern of updates for the existing Lumia products. This includes new software that bring new capabilities, features and enablers, new apps, like Camera Extras and, and also some of the most significant visual elements of WP8 - for example, the new start screen. As Heidi had mentioned in another comment, experiences that are hardware dependent will not be available for the existing range of devices, but that's probably a given for any smartphone, no matter who it's manufactured ". The Phones will be updated and I am sure Nokia will do what it takes to keep customers happy unlike other companies. They gave 100 dollars for a bug.. Dont you think they care about their business?.Wait till they make a full list of features that Lumia will get and then I am sure you will be pleased.Phone is a Phone first.. and it is smart and it will get updated to make you happy. Be patient.Enjoy what you have now and lets see about tomorrow when it comes. The phone will be updated with enough features and apps to make every one happy.NOTE: I read that Win 7.8 will be the OS for low end windows phones and Win 8 for high end. Both will be supported. and wait till all these are informed when they show off the Win 8 and win 7.8 features. Right now they launched only 12 of the main system features in win 8.

This phone will not support the upcoming WP 8 operating system. You're better off waiting for the next model(s) that will come with WP 8 pre-installed.

Really good OS, superbly pretty phone, amazing camera.The only thing that's missing is a richer app store - but that's a chicken and egg problem, when Nokia phones sell, app developers will come.

I've had a Windows phone for a little over a year now. I started with the Samsung Focus, but recently upgraded to the Nokia Lumia 900 and absolutely love it!

I know Nokia has a history of making quality phones, but somehow I've always gone with Samsung or Motorola in the past.  But now I see the reputation is well earned!  This is a solid phone with great call and signal quality.  In my place, I've typically had trouble getting or making calls and many times my phone would just go off that I have a new voice mail from an hour ago, when it had never rung.  My last phone, the Samsung Focus, didn't have that problem too often, but many times when I was on the phone, a call would drop once or twice during the conversation.  The Nokia Lumia 900 on the other hand has not had a dropped call or a missed call yet and the quality of the calls is as good as a landline.  The LTE network is so fast, I no longer think twice about downloading an email attachment.The responsiveness and beauty of Windows Phone just makes the experience fun!

I am having a hard time with this review because for the most part... I actually do LOVE this phone!Not from a Techie... Just a typical average phone user.... With emphasis on the PHONE!!!!!  I mostly use it as a phone....Allow me to start by saying, I am one of those anti-iphone crazy fools!  I've played with them and never wanted one and never really liked them.  I am one of those Blackberry fans though.  I have had three and recently traded my Blackberry Torch in for the new Nokia Windows phone.I have a friend that got the Samsung Windows phone when it was first released in 2010... He absolutely LOVES the Windows platform and says it is the best phone he's ever had....In part I agree with him and in part I do not.....I've been playing with my new Nokia 900 for a little over a week.  Some of my issues may be.... Ummmmmmm....user error that I will correct over time.Nokia Lumia 900 4G Windows Phone, White (AT&T;)5 stars - Awesome phone reception. The best I have had, actually! I split my time up between Dallas and Tyler, TX.  My house in Tyler has horrible reception for pretty much every phone and wireless carrier that has been in the house.  I am lucky if I can get 2 bars anywhere on the premise, including the outside patio.  My Blackberry had several dead spots and the reception was affected if I shifted my stance or posture even while standing or sitting.  I have had zero problems with my Nokia.  The same two bars in the house, but zero interference.  I can walk around and neither I nor the person on the other end can hear any difference.... Absolutely amazing!!!!5 stars - Dallas is LTE and Tyler is not.  All internet searching in Dallas over the LTE was so freaking fast!  I was amazed.  I think it is faster than my home computer.  The voice response for searching was fantastic.  In Tyler, again not LTE, it is faster than my friend's iphone 4s... We did the same searches... Pretty good if you ask me!5 stars - Voice to text... Text in a pinch... aka Texting and driving.  It was accurate and fast... I love this feature!5 stars - the feel of the phone in my hand.... It is just perfect!  The weight and the size.  I am on my phone a lot, and I find that with some of the narrower phones (even my Blackberry) my hand with eventually start the cramp up from either holding it to my ear or texting.  Not the case with the Nokia Lumia. It feels sturdier than any phone I have held... I will not throw it to the ground anytime soon to test my theory... But I am not so afraid if it were to slip out of my hands.4.5 stars - MP3 player... Somehow I notice a huge difference in the sound quality when I play it over Bluetooth in my car or hook it up to my home speakers.  It got dinged  star because one app I want on my phone is for Audible.com... Can not find it... YET.4.5 stars - Home screen.  Love it!  However, I wish we could customize the basic Windows icons to give them some separation (being able to vary the colors would be a big help).... Having them all the same color can be a little blinding.4.5 stars -  Apps.  I often wonder how old some of these reviewers are and DO THEY WORK for a living????  How many freaking apps do you need?  I do miss my app for my bank, but easily remedied by just pinning a direct link to the website on my home page.  Most every app that I had on my Blackberry (not many) I have either found in the app store or found a way around it by pinning the webpage to the home screen. Except, as mentioned above, for my Audible.... But then I cancelled my membership because Audible is behind the times on devices anyway, however that is a whole other review!3 stars - Nokia Drive.... Couldn't tolerate it more than 5 minutes, actually.  I had it navigate me a route I take often from Tyler to Kilgore, TX.  It mapped it to where it avoided the major state hwy into Kilgore from Tyler, but took me about 20 minutes and 10 miles out of the way to an interstate but to still hit the same major hwy just outside of Kilgore... Made no sense  When I took the highway knowing, it took it a while to correct itself.  Disappointed!  I even tried it on a trip to Dallas.... Not that great...  I may use it if I do not know the area or better routes.2 stars - Bluetooth.... UGH, this drove me crazy!  I turned on my Bluetooth in my car for a 2 hour drive, and it would randomly start reading emails at random times.  This may be a user error with some set up feature I have not found yet.... If so, I will update.1 star - basic phone ringer and notification set up.... For those Blackberry users, you will know what I am talking about. Sound profiles!  Loved them.  I had about 10 set up and, depending on what was on my work agenda for the day, I would go through 5-6 preset profiles a day... easily .  One for when I went to bed at night where it was just the phone that would ring.  One for a certain type of meeting where I needed to receive text notification updates... My work email had a different notification tone than my personal Live account and my Yahoo account had a different tone too (I could tell what was coming in without having to look)....  My "home" sound profile that I created, I could have my phone ringer on the loudest setting while still managing my email and text notifications at a different volume... Etc etc etc. You could set up different ringers and sounds on different profiles, not just the volume.  With this Nokia... it is all one volume and one profile!  You turn one down, you turn them all down.  If you do not want to receive notifications on emails and such... you have to revert to changing your settings.  Totally aggravating and this is the primary reason why I gave the overall phone 4+5++ stars only.  Could that be unfair?  Maybe.  But, I ALMOST traded in my Nokia for another upgrade to a Torch.2 stars - Okay... I know I am comparing too much to my Blackberry, but when I was inputing a text message (and mine tend to be long) and I would have to go back to another screen or accidently return to a previous screen, everything I typed would be saved.... Nokia, does not... Grrrrr....2 stars - Emails settings.  My Blackberry would often receive my web-based emails faster than my Outlook (where I have everything synced) did on my computer.  Regardless of the provider.  Yahoo came just as fast as Live and just as fast as my work email.  With this Nokia... Windows Live email can be set to update automatically... Hmmmmmm.... All the others, the fastest sync time you can create for it is 15 minutes.Overall, and after over a week of playing with it.... This Nokia is a keeper for me.  The PHONE alone is the best damn phone I have ever had!!!!!  Crystal clear reception... so far ZERO interference even with just one or 3 bars... EXCELLENT!  I love the speed over an LTE network, and 4G is pretty fast too.  Basic 4G is faster than other 4Gs I have compared it too.  There is just a few dings, but after a model or two, they may add or correct those features... maybe!  Would LOVE to have the ability to create sound profiles... such a little thing, I know... but a great feature.

I'm not much of a power user when it comes to phones.  However, I do use it to somewhat most of its capabilities.  Initially starting off with an iphone for its simplicity, I opted for an Android for the more customizability.  After using these different mobile OSs, some glaring issues pop out, namely the OSs being on the extremes of simplicity and customizability.  For my own personal uses, the Windows Phone OS fits a happy median between the other OSs.  With Palm being out of the picture, there are no other major competitors that fill that middle ground.As for the hardware itself, the phone is sleek and simple.  It is bigger than I expected, being larger than any previous phone I've owned.  Although its a single core, it performs like a champ and I haven't had any issues with crashes or freezes.  From a moderate user's standpoint, the OS and phone is visually appealing while being aesthetically and operationally simple.  If you're tired of iphones and androids, take a stroll with a Windows Phone, particularly the Lumia 900 and you'll be pleasantly surprised.

The thing that struck me about the Nokia Lumia 900 was how solid it feels in your hand. A real quality product, weighty but not so heavy that it's fatiguing. It just looks great and not cookie cutter like the others. I have had no experience with Windows Phone before so I was a little nervous but once again, i am gobsmacked at how silky smooth, how intuitive and convenient the whole OS works. I am not constantly burying my head looking at apps to give me the information I want. Everything is right there in front of me and it's almost lifelike as the tiles seemingly move on their own. Also, battery life? No contest I can go a couple of days on the same charge. Definitely can last me a whole day. I couldn't say that about my Samsung Captivate.I guess in short the whole user experience with the Nokia has been a real joy. Excellent job Nokia, you keep producing great products like this and i will definitely come back. But not until i get my fill of the Lumia 900...love this thing!

I have had the iPhone 2, 3g, 4s. I like Apple phones, but i wanted a change.So I recently got the Samsung Note. I figured I would check out all the hype. Android is good, lets me do what I need to do. Play my movies, apps, chat, email, web. But wow it is very laggy. Im pretty fed up with pressing buttons and waiting 3 seconds before there is a reaction from my phone.I got this Lumia 900 today and its snappy. Finally when I press a button my phone reacts almost instantly. That was my main concern with switching.As for my other requirements like web surfing, apps, email, media playing. It gets the job done.Its still early, but so far i'm happy. The software is a win. The hardware is attractive. But i was more concerned about the SW.Overall very happy. Will update later as I use it more.

First off let me say that this is my second windows phone with the new windows 7.0 plus.... I just bought 6 months ago the galaxy skyrocket and while I loved the phone I always missed my Samsung focus because i just loved the windows OS. The one thing that stands out to me about this phone is the the screen... Considering that it only has a 400*800 screen resolution and it is the same as the skyrocket this screen just looks so vibrant and at times almost looks like picture is in 3d its amazing !!!!! The polycarbonate shell is amazing the gorilla glass screen really is the best glass on any phone its awesome not to have to worry about spending money on a screen protector and this is the first phone I've owned that I don't want to put a case on cause to me this phone is gorgeous and im actually not worried for once about knicking up the body...why ? Well the color goes right to the core of the casing I have the black cyan wasn't available but I really like the black my job gets dirty so I wanted black plus with the black the screen looks like it's part of the body not like the blue or the shiney white modelPerformance wise I've been overly impressed I love the Zune pass I love the web browser, the marketplace keeps growing everydaySo in the end I can tell anyone for a hundred bucks this phone is hands down the best buy you can get... The sheer look of this phone is stunning...all I have to say is remember when the iPhone came out and people bought cause it looked like nothing else out there well here comes Nokia with this amazing looking and performing device with the hands down clearest and loudest phone quality I've had in my experience with smartphones oh yeah and its finally nice to actually get through an entire day with out actually having to charge my phone and I am a heavy user all day with about 4 hours of talk time,texts galore, YouTubeing emails, and web browsing im not sticking this awesomeness on the charger till around 830-9 thank you Nokia !!!!

I got this phone a little over a year ago to replace my iPhone 4, and I haven't regretted it one bit. To me at least, the phone is so much more user friendly, and the live tiles beat anything that the iPhone has to offer. I also have not missed any apps. Most of the apps I had on my iPhone are either available on the Lumia, or there are alternatives that are just as good. The only thing that the iPhone did better was that I was able to use voice commands to select songs or playlists to play, but I'm not much of a music listener anyway, so not a huge disappointment. I'm looking forward to upgrading to the next Lumia when I'm eligible for a discounted upgrade.

If you do not have perfect eyes DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!1. You cannot make the font on text messages any larger than small2. You cannot block numbers from calling or texting you3. Very limited number of Apps for the phone4. Camera is terrible compared to my wife's HTC 1X and my sons IPhone. I don't even take pictures with it anymore they are so bad.5. When my wife has full bars; I have 1 or 2When my contract is up I will get rid of this piece of JUNK the next day! STAY AWAY FROM NOKIA 900 unless you enjoy being mad!!!

First, I find Windows Phone to be much simpler and easier to use than IOS or Android, so I was naturally attracted to this phone.  With Nokia's entry into the market, they even filled quite a few holes in the app market, and with I believe 80,000 plus apps, most of what you would want is there.  The complaint about lack of apps is pretty silly, as there is an app for almost everything, and most smartphone apps are garbage anyways.....As for this phone, the build quality is great, it just feels great.  I have previously owned the Samsung Focus and an iPhone 4, (Both great hardware) but this phone is much sturdier than both of those.  I am going to try to use this phone without a case or screen protector, hopefully it holds up (if not I bought insurance!)  The camera is great, the Nokia Creative Studio app is better than instagram, the screen is beautiful, and the phone has plenty of hardware to run.  I was playing with a friends new Droid who was bragging about the memory and dual core processor, but the phone lagged far behind in actual performance.The only con would be that I had the "Data Connection" problem, which was fixed quickly by adding an APN, even before the update came out early.  I would be happy to deal with that problem again for another $100 account credit.  (Buy before 4/21 and you get a $100 credit to your account, even though the problem has been corrected).I can't recommend this phone strongly enough!

Quite simply LOVE the phone!  Easy to use.  Simple set-up.  Totally different than any other OS I have ever had before.  People hub is very cool and the maps are great.  Intuitive and very easy to use!

It's been a long time coming, but this is finally a Windows Phone that iOS and Android users will take notice.  If I whip this out in front of my friends they all look at it in amazement, because that's what it is, simply amazing.  I'm kind of a Windows fanboy but even if I weren't I would love this phone.  I hope people get out and try it.  Windows Phone has a GREAT phone out now, so MSFT needs to wrangle up as much exclusive apps/games as it can.  That's its 1 lacking point now is quality of apps.  Once those are out, WP7 will flourish, especially with this great device behind it.

The phone is looks beautiful, feels great in your hands and is easy to use.  Different profiles of the same person are easily linked so as to be viewed in one place.  The integration of various caladers in one place (including Facebook) is also a great feature.  The Gorilla glass is scratch resistant and unbreakable.  The screen is also easily viewable in sunlight.  The phone is amazingly smooth and incredibly fast.  Last but not least, the call quality and reception is great.  The speaker is also of very high quality.

This is the best windows phone in the market. It's a beautiful piece of work. I've left reviews on other sites as well regarding this amazing phone. I think many people have undermined Nokia and Microsoft when it comes to smart phones. I have to say this is truly a flawless phone as far as features and price point.The OS is very smooth and fast response time. EXTREMELY user-friendly and robust operating system. The hardware is built so solid and the beauty of luxury. All the Apple users are really hating on this phone because they really got robbed buying that overpriced Iphone. The Iphone is a overrated trend and Apple is good for nickel and dime to death. I highly recommend this phone to anyone!!! Great Phone!!!

I got the new Lumia as a gift and decided to set it up for my kids.  I was amazed at the new Windows experience.  Unbelievably I think there are many dimensions on which this is better than an iPhone.  My only criticism is the camera quality.  But beyond that it is amazing in almost every dimension.

Just a quick background. I have owned a Samsung focus(windows phone),Iphone 4, Ipad 2, Motorola xoom (android tablet)..and now a nokia lumia 900. Ive got to say, this thing is SEXY! Its heavy but not too heavy(very sturdy feel), the Windows phone interface is so easy to use (and dare I say fun?) The phone syncs with facebook and twitter without even having to download an app. speaking of apps, a lot of people have complained about the lack of apps. Sure, Temple run, angry birds space, hulu plus, pandora, and instagram arnt currently available (im sure they will be eventually)but there are alternatives and apps like ESPN, Netflix, gasbuddy, kayak, groupon, Amazon Kindle app, and allrecipies are available (and thousands more)..So far the battery life is great, camera takes great pictures (nokia has an app exclusively available for the phone called "creative studio", awesome picture editing app)..you really cant go wrong with this device for the price (hell even if it was the standard $199 itd be worth it.) The phone is fast, sturdy, the screen quality is excellent, and battery life is good. If you are eligible for an upgrade the phone is only $19.99 or $49.99 for new ATT customers. You WILL NOT regret purchasing this phone.

This phone is fast, fun to use, and has all the apps I care about. Over the years I've used iPhones and Androids and bottom line, their hardware and software just aren't as good as this.

I wish I could be rewarded for my Nokia loyalty because I have resisted the hype of other phones with other networks.  I have the Nokia Lumia 900 4G with ATT and am enjoying the phone so far for both personal and light business.  Typing is great and not at all aggravating like on the iPhone 4 and 5.  I do miss some of the customizing options that the E series Nokias had, but the Lumia 900 looks and interfaces great right out of the box. They continue to make some mistakes with the Lumia 900 - like the battery is not replaceable.  So I am curious about the lifespan - another bad design idea from Nokia.  And I will keep all posted.I wish Nokia had not had some mis-steps over the last few years with phones that had a cheap plastic feel and no personality - the would not be in the trouble they are in now.  But here is to looking forward to more phones that are well thought both from design to green design.And what's with all the different power cords?  Can't manufacturers make them all the same and cut down on wastes!  I would rather pay more for a cord that I can use with all Nokia phones past and future than to keep throwing a bunch away.  It is truly a waste of a waste.  Power cords can contain lead and other noxious metals and chemicals - not to mention the processes that got that to the functioning form.  Nokia - can you be forward thinking in that area too? Customers - can you demand manufacturers consider this or you will not buy?

How does it feel knowing the phone you will have for the next 2 years will no longer be supported by Microsoft or Nokia after today's announcement about WP8.

Things about me:- I'm a former AT&T; employee- I worked for a mobile app company in Silicon Valley- I'm a tech geek with a love for phones and switch mine out every few months, at full cost- I have been an Android and iOS user for the last 3 years (both job and personal use)Things that I love about this phone:- W7.5 is pretty impressive. It is clean, neat and minimalistic. I have worked with dev in iOS and Android OS. I was a Nokia fan since the 90's (Snake anyone!?) and have always felt that I had a good experience with their Symbian OS phones.- This phone is solid. It does not feel cheap. When I tell people it's $99, they're shocked.- Easy to navigate. Whether you're a smartphone newb or a tech geek like myself, you'll be surprised at the ease of use of this phone.- Screen is clean to read and use. Although I'm young, I hate small screens and this screen is not small. It's small enough to go out in my wristlets but big enough to find in my purse.- Texting/typing on this phone is amazing! I always had to get aftermarket keyboard programs for Android bc the native keyboard blows. This types very intuitively and is not over-intrusive like iOS's keyboard/tying.- Office365/Outlook integration. I work for a MS partner and everything I use is neatly accessible from this phone. It makes my life so much easier to see everything threaded and in the appropriate spaces.- Live Tiles! This is so cool! I can see all the new updates as they come through about a particular person if I have them as a live title on my screen.- Everyone is griping about Pandora not being on W7 phones, but I'm a Spotify gal and it works flawlessly on this phone.- Works great with my Scion's in-car controls... Allows me to drive to SF without worrying about looking at my phone to change the music.- Love the volume/speakers on this thing. Granted it's not the best, I appreciate the loudness of it and it sounds clear.- Camera quality is insane! I took a photo of a busy intersection and it caught a moving car in perfectly clear photo. The car must have been moving at 35-40 MPH! The photo was taken during the day time with plenty of sunlight.- The navigation on this phone is AMAZING! Wow... I will never go back to Google Maps or any other mobile map as the "Maps" native app gives really precise directions that most navi-systems costing hundreds of dollars also do. My bf is a former audio installer and he is impressed at the quality in which the directions were given as they are truly turn-by-turn directions.- Sky Drive is neat but I still installed a 3rd party app to access Dropbox. I prefer Dropbox as I have all my stuff on there already and Sky Drive's login is tied to your Windows Live account.Things that I'm meh about this phone:- Battery life. I was expecting Nokia phones to last like no other but this one is average. With the "battery saving" feature, I can go 15 hours before it beeps that it needs to be recharged. I consider myself a heavy user and I feel that the battery life is adequate for the average user.- I miss some of the touch-and-go features that Android had (brightness controls, on/off wifi/bluetooth, etc.) but realistically, I never used them enough to really care.- The position of the buttons. The volume rocker is at a nice point in the phone and doesn't require me to hold the phone with two hands (I have really small hands!) to turn the volume up or down. The power button is in the middle which totally erks me. And the camera toggle is placed at the bottom which I naturally want to hit as the power button.- The charger being placed at the top. I guess I'm so used to the Android-based phones having the charger at the bottom that I just need to get used to it.- Sometimes, I will double click on the screen during camera mode and the photo won't snap. It's annoying to only have to press the button at the top of the phone to take a photo.- I've done the "hold camera button while your phone is in sleep mode to active camera mode without unlocking your phone" and it seems tricky. Maybe the gel case on my phone makes the responsiveness of the camera button slow but it only works some of the time.- When I turn down the all the way to zero for the ringer, it doesn't go into a silent mode. I have to go and manually turn off the vibration in order for it to be a true silent mode. Lame!- I formerly worked for a mobile phone ringtone company and tried to send the phone a custom ringtone through text message. There's no option to download the ringtone directly from the message. This is sad that you have to download the ringtone onto your desktop, load it up with Zune then sync. (Sound familiar Apple?)- No task killer. I opened up Zune to play a podcast and it wouldn't close completely until much later. My thought: is it still running in the background? Kind of hard to say when there's no way to view what tasks are actually still going.- No removable battery. I'm on the fence about this as I feel that in the long run, this could be a problem which causes you to have to replace the phone if the battery is bad. But at the $99 price point, it's not going to be too big of an issue. I would have preferred to have a removable battery versus the pinhole reset button at the top.- No SD card slot. C'mon now, this should have been a given. I understand that it comes with Sky Drive but not to be able to use my 16GB class 10 card is a waste.Overall, I had to give this phone 4-stars only because I feel there are better OS improvements that should be made in order to make this a good phone.

I have been a big apple phone and I had I phone4 and my wife has I Phone 4 s. This phone will beat both the i phones with it's superb design, fast speed, free maps. would never go back to Apple phone after using it.

I have owned a Windows Phone device since its very first arrival with the Samsung Focus and the Dell Venue Pro which still turns a lot  of heads and now the Nokia Lumia 900. I absolutely love the slick smooth design that describes both the hardware and the software. There are people that will say WP is lacking in some of the major apps and that can be a deal breaker for some. I suggests you give this phone a try and find a third party app if the official apps aren't available and wait for them to join the party. Yes the Nokia Lumia 900 and Windows Phone are just that good. Looking for Words With Friends? Try Words By Post or Wordfued until it arrives. This phone is easy to use, the live tiles populate your messages and YES you can send and respond to text and Facebook chat messages with your voice without touching your phone. Wanna control your Xbox with your phone? Only on Windows Phone. My family members are all raving about how beautiful my Lumia is and they all ask when is Sprint going to get this phone? Thank you Nokia for the best designed phone EVER!UPDATE!!! On 4/14/12 After 13 years with Sprint our 5 lines family plan moved to AT&T; and we purchased 5 Lumia 900's!!!

Full disclosure: I did not buy this phone through Amazon.  I am a long time AT&T; customer and picked it up at one of their stores while the phone was essentially free with the Nokia rebate.  Also, if you check you'll see this is not my first Amazon review, I've been a regular for quite a while.  On to the phone...I upgraded to the Lumia 900 from an HTC Surround running Mango, primarily because the Nokia deal was just too good to pass up.  In the deal I got nicer hardware, with the unibody construction, and a smoother experience with the upgraded processor.  I've also noticed that reception is better, I'm getting an extra bar in my home office, and the battery lasts much longer.  The display is stunning and more usable in sunlight, and of course it's larger so it's a bit easier to type on.  There are far more apps than I know what to do with, and I especially like the Netflix and the Kindle apps.  Although the screen is too small for extended movie streaming the quality is excellent and I was able to watch part of a movie on WiFi while enjoying a fast food burger.  With the Kindle app I was able to download a library book through my Amazon account and again, while smaller than something like the Kindle Fire, the reading experience was still pleasant.This is a an excellent phone/movie streamer/Zune player/GPS/etc., etc., and I highly recommend it.  How can you go wrong at this price?

I recently purchased the Nokia Lumia 900 and have only positive things to say about it. It does everything I would want a smartphone to do and it does it all very quickly. I switched from a Blackberry Bold 9000 and the Lumia 900 is in a different league. The windows operating system is the best out there. Its very intuitive and functions seamlessly. I had no problems synching my email accounts. The battery life also seems to be very strong and the phone can easily get through a full day of heavy use. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a fast, easy to use smartphone.

I purchased this phone because I was ready for an upgrade and thought it might be cool to move up to a smart phone. I checked around and found several people satisfied with the Windows phone. I am part of a minority however, I am sure, when it comes to smart phones. After a few days of playing with it I realized that it's not for me. Too much like a toy (not in quality - just too much to play with). I never check sports scores or anything like that. I am content with just phone and text messaging. I gave the phone to my wife who will appreciate it more than I can. But, from what I saw, if I ever do move up again, I will re-purchase this one. I highly recommend the Nokia Lumia 900.

Very few apps. Most of famous and necessary apps unavailable on the OS.Easy to use.Overall I didn't like this phone!"Guys first of all am an iOS user. I was trying to see how good this phone is and should I switch. The answer is definitely no!The whole point is this phone doesn't deserve all 5 stars. I thing something is fishy with all reviewers here, they are directly or indirectly paid bloggers by Microsoft+Nokia!"

This is a great phone. I switched from an iPhone 4 to it. It can translate a menu written in a foreign language just by taking a photo of it!  It has Siri-like integration built into it and it works very well for search and stuff. I can attach more than one attachment to an email.My contacts are fully integrated with all their LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter information rolling up together in one view. Speaking of which, it takes 2 minutes to transfer all your contacts wirelessly via bluetooth to your new Nokia Lumia 900, all you need to do is download the free Nokia Contacts Transfer app that comes with the phone, pair and voila! I have ~3000 contacts, no glitches whatsoever. The phone has Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint and Excel) built into the operating system. Nokia REALLY knows how to build the phone part of a smartphone, and it shows. Call reception quality is fantastic. No issues there. The screen isn't a retina screen like iPhones have, but its quality is very, very very good! In sunlight, the screen is unbelievably clear for use. I have most of the iPhone apps I'm used to, and all my music (my entire iTunes Library) from Google Music streams through an app called Cloudmuzik. No issues at all there. I miss Audible, Dropbox, GoodReader and Mint, but I know it's only a matter of time before they show up. I can be patient.The software is very smooth, no lags or skips and the interface is beautiful. Battery life is long and trouble free. I'm not here to put down other phones. Buy what suits you, but this is a really good device from a company with a great reputation and 50% of all mobile patents, including most foundational ones on LTE technology. The camera is the only thing that hasn't lived up to expectations, it's not as good as an iPhone camera, particularly in low light situations. There's a pink haze at the center of the photo focus that persists, not sure why?  I hope Nokia fixes this soon enough. Windows phone is a solid OS, and Nokia is a very reputable hardware maker. You can see that they collaborated thoughtfully to produce a great product. Did I mention the phone comes with free, fully downloadable, offline (you don't need to use data) turn by turn navigation in 60 languages with maps for 100 countries? Fantastic!Seriously, Nokia have over-delivered for a $50 phone, but I guess they're like Avis, trying harder. The amazing thing is that even if you buy the phone outright, it costs only $450. Best value for money for an LTE smartphone.SOFTWARE ISSUE FIXED!I personally didn't experience the data connectivity issue reported, but on Friday April 13th, three days earlier than promised, Nokia shipped a software update that fixed the issue for those affected. You still get to keep the $100 they offered for the inconvenience as long as you bought the phone before April 21st, 2012.  Below is the dedicated page with video and written instructions for how to fix the issue.[...]The issue was caused by a data memory overload problem in software that handles the SIM card. Nokia has set a new bar for responding to a problem with dedication and promptness, but if you're still unhappy and disappointed, you can return your phone to an AT&T; store for a full refund.

Let me just say that this phone is so much fun to use. My last phone was the Pre+, as I absolutely refuse to use an Iphone as my personal device. Withe the Lumia 900,I have all of my information at my fingertips without the need to scroll through pages and pages of apps. This is a smartphone OS done right. Nokia has just hit it out of the park with the quality of this phone, not to mention the stylish, eye-catching design. Windows Phone 7.5 feels like the future and I'd be hard-pressed for a reason to go to a different platform.

I've carried every version of the iPhone including the 4S, the original Samsung Focus, the HTC Trophy, the Samsung Focus S, and the HTC Titan.  I can say without a doubt that this is the best smartphone I've ever used.  The Lumia 900 is gorgeous to look at.  It feels great in your hand.  It is light but still hefty enough to give it a quality feel.  The Windows Phone OS is extremely fast and smooth and a joy to use.  AT&T LTE is extremely fast.  Plus, the Lumia 900 has great call quality, great battery life, and the best screen on the market.  Nokia Drive and Nokia Maps are outstanding free GPS/Map programs.  Yes, you need to adjust the default camera settings to get the great pictures Nokia brags about - but that's no big deal.  All-in-all - the best smartphone out there!  5 stars!

Let me start by saying I am not a MAC person. In fact, I recently purchased an $800 Dell Laptop. Regrettably, Microsoft's feeble attempt at a mobile market is awful enough to make me return the phone after 30 days of trying to put up with it.I have owned Android devices and an iPhone 3GS. Due to the Lumia's price, I had to take a chance on it. I knew going into the purchase that Microsoft's marketplace is still developing. What I did not know, was that the already developed, major apps (Facebook, for instance) is GARBAGE on Windows marketplace.The phone is built well (not exactly the fastest phone on the market with its single core processor, but it will do most of what you need it to do). After about 2 weeks of use I started noticing glitches in the phone. When hanging up after a phone call (using speakerphone might I add, so the phone was easily several feet away from my face) I would attempt to hit the end button while the screen was fully illuminated. Upon placing my finger to the screen, it would go black like it were up to your face. Let me restate that the phone was nowhere near my face, and my hands were in no way interfering with the sensor. This happened numerous times in the last two weeks of use. Most notably, I was trying to end the call before the receiver's phone went to voicemail, but instead I had to fight with the phone (the screen went black six times like it was teasing me) and I ended up leaving a voicemail of random noise.I'm not saying the phone is garbage, I just think it has a ways to go to be in the running with major competitors.Microsoft's Marketplace, however, is complete garbage.Luckily I returned the phone and only suffered the $35 restocking fee (which was worth it in the end to not be stuck with a phone for two years that is bound to be plagued with bugs).To all of you who will likely bash me and say I'm some sort of Apple worker or whatever, get a life.This is an honest review of my experience with the Nokia Lumia 900.Also, the iFrogz cocoon case is garbage as well. The case started peeling within 2.5 weeks of moderate use.PROS:Big, bright screen.Touch interface is accurate.Finding specific things in the phone is very easy with the PIN feature.Speaker phone is okay.Voice recognition is good, not GREAT, but good.Very sleek looking phone. (I had the white one)CONS:Marketplace is SEVERELY limited, and the apps that they DO have are poorly designed.Microphone isn't very good when in speakerphone mode.Potential glitches in the future.Technologically very far behind other phones on the market.OVERALL:Decent phone for $20 family upgrade, but not worth $100 in stores. There are much better phone that are better equipped (and even better ones coming out very soon). Don't waste your money on this. I'd recommend waiting a few weeks and getting the Samsung Galaxy Siii. If you haven't heard of it or seen it, Youtube the commercial; this phone will blow your mind.Good luck to all of your Lumia owners in the future. I sincerely hope the marketplace does a better job in developing apps and fixing the currently "working" apps. Also, keep an eye out for those glitches in the phone. GOOD LUCK!

Picked this up about 8 days ago and my socks are knocked off.This phone is WAAAAY better than the iPhone 4 and 4s I had.Do I miss a few apps, yes but only one or to. I've found everything I've wanted from the 90k+ apps that are available in the market place.Here are the things I think make this phone amazing;1) The Phone's design - Holding it in your hand it's a perfect phone. If feels sturdy, not to heavy and looks amazing2) Screen quality - The blacks are blacker than what I saw on my iPhone retina display. The screen is bigger and brighter. It's the best screen I've seen to-date on a phone.3) Battery Life - With aggressive use, always connected to Facebook Chat, Messenger Chat and with a ton of apps using push and live tiles my battery lasts longer than any other phone I've had4) The Camera - In day light it matches my previous iPhone. At night (night-clubs, etc) it kicks the pants off of it and androids. This weekend in a club in NY I took a bunch of pictures and am now sharing them with my friends that had iPhones as they had blurry photos.I can't say enough about this phone!

I live in a wireless dead zone. With other phones (regardless of carrier) I get 1 bar or "no signal" at home. This phone gives me at least 2 bars of 4G everywhere on the property and the call quality is perfect! Also everything the other reviewers said about the OS and features are true. If I could give this phone more than 5 stars I would!

I bought this phone and I am totally happy with it. Sound quality is great, display quality is none to second, and Nokia apps are unbeatable. I also like the battery life which lasts about 1.5 day. Some of my friends complain about how lagy their android phones are and one of them actually decided to switch to Lumia. This is a beautiful piece of art and technology and I highly recommend it.

My wife's contract had expired so, this was a great opportunity to replace her phone (iPhone 3GS). I bought my Lumia 900 at an AT&T; store in Seattle. My preferred color was Cyan, but unfortunately it was sold out. Since Nokia credits $100, the phone is effectively free. An absolute steal. I am not a gamer, and the apps I care about are all available (in my case some aviation, and NOAA and FAA related apps). Strange, the excellent Nokia apps are not preinstalled. Instead some mediocre AT&T; apps are pre-installed. I deleted all of them.Pros:Beautiful phone.Very fluid, intuitive and fast Windows Phone user interface.Beautiful crisp screen with vibrant colors.Cons:Battery live just average.

I read the rave reviews this phone received when it was first announced at the CES show. I was waiting and waiting but finally when it came it didn't disappoint.From the feel to the contrast to the camera, this is the best phone I have ever used (I used to have an iPhone 3G which was great by that time but not much has changed since then).- The design is sleek and feels good'- The color contrast is amazing and makes the phone even gorgeous- Phone call quality is awesome- Apps work smoothly- Outlook is very well integrated- Free Microsoft Office apps (including Word, Excel, One Note and Power Point)- Xbox Live integration- Great camera with its own button, you don't have to start an app. Even if the phone is locked you can take pictures by just pressing the button- LTE capable, if you are lucky to have LTE in your area you will get lightening fast internet speed. The 4G is great too. (By the way the latest iPhone doesn't support LTE yet)- Great audio quality for music- Awesome screen for watching videos

If you are in the market for a new phone, or you want to switch to the most elegant OS you can get your hands on, you need to pick up this phone!!!

What else can I say about this phone that has not been exhaustively discussed in previous reviews? I have been using Windows Phone 7 since it came out back in late 2010, I upgraded from a HTC HD7 which was a very loyal and awesome phone and now that I have been using the Lumia 900 for 1 full month, I can honestly say that there is no other OS I would use after Windows Phone; My wife uses an Iphone 4S as well as my coworkers and my friends use different incarnations of Android and I have witnessed first hand their frustrations with their respective products; in fact, my wife has had to replace her first deffective Iphone 4S after barely 3 or 4 months of light use; They all agree that Windows Phone has the most User-friendly UI among all the OS and I have managed to create some converts who are in the process to trade their current Iphones for Lumia 900s; everybody is amazed at how excitingly different this phone is and I keep getting constant visits at my desk at work from people trying to admire and take a look at the OS for the first time, they all say that it possesses the most beautiful screen of any smartphone in the market today; I'm excited about what the OS has accomplished in this time and am even happier to be part of the fortunate group of people that decided to give this experiment a chance for we all have made it grow.  Nokia + Microsoft = everybody's WINNING

I've had an iPhone, an iPad, an Android phone (LG Optimus) and by far this is the best, easiest, and coolest device.1. It's super easy to get started. On Android, things that are familiar are because they imitate the iPhone. The things that are different are not easy to figure out. Not so with Windows Phone. You pick up the phone for the first time, and its IMMEDIATELY OBVIOUS where everything is.2. The phone is solidly built. Doesn't feel like like a cheap plasticky fragile device. You shouldn't need a case.If this phone had come sooner, I'm sure it would have given the iPhone a really good competition.

I love this phone, fast and smooth unlike android, but very simple like the iphone. The software and apps are improving, totally happy about my purchase and im happy, nokia is great! there is an update out for this, and it make my phone even more snappy!

Instead of just echoing the praise of this phone. . .First off, I WAS die hard Apple! Anyone ever sit and wonder what Steve Jobs was thinking when he sold us his bullcrap of "THINK DIFFERENT?" back in the day?!?!I love this phone!!  But I love Nokia more after they CAME FORWARD and let everyone know that there was an issue! None of this, your holding it the wrong way crap.I think it might be too late for Nokia. . .But. . . if your one that likes an underdog, and liked what Apple USED to stand for, give this phone a shot!It a great phone from a company that needs to catch a break.Seriously, when is the last time a company said "our bad", and even those that didn't have the issue, we'll take care of you too. ? . ?

At&t; and Nokia are pushing this phone out of the loop to make room for the new windows 8 devices.  I was previously using the iphone 3gs from 2 years ago when they had the deal for it.  The only reason I ever wanted an iphone was because I wanted to keep using all of my ipod accessories.  Now since apple switched plugs, I have no reason to own an iphone, I have and xbox and a windows 7 computer at home, so it only makes sense to own a windows phone.  And I couldnt be happier with it.  I was concerned about not having the app store or podcasts until I learned that it has an identical app market as well as the ability to download podcasts.The only negative I have is that it is a little bit large.  Its doesnt fit in my hand as well as I'd hope but the screen size makes up for it.  One other thing is, I cant get my work email to work with it.  It is a web based imap account and it just will not accept my settings, so I have to carry my iphone with me still sometimes to be able to have my work email with me which is lame but I am hopeful I will get it figured out.I got the phone for $1, a $20 case for $5, and a $20 invisible shield for $5, so my in-store total was $11 at at&t.;  Cant beat it, have had it for a week or so now and love it.

I really like this phone. It's not perfect but its worth checking out. Has a premium look and feel. After update have not run into any real problems with usage. HOWEVER....be aware that your hotmail password CAN NOT be a long one. I had a 17 character password and was prevented from getting into hotmail or syncing. I'm currently using a 9 character password. If you are getting a message that says "your e-mail or password is not correct", and you SURE it is, suggest making sure its not more than 9 or so characters long. Unfortuneatly Microsoft neglects to mention this!!! Spent hour on phone with tech support and 2 hours with salesman at ATT store, before the salesman stumbled across this little tidbit on the internet!Still I highly recommend this phone!!!!!!!

I bought this phone through Amazon two months ago.  I really like the phone.  The problem is Microsoft will release a major new version of the operating system software this fall (called Windows Phone 8).  Microsoft announced that the Lumia 900, just two months old, will not be eligible for an upgrade to Windows Phone 8.  Once Windows Phone 8 is released this fall, few great new apps will be developed for this phone.  I understand that technology changes fast.  But the Lumia 900 was released 60 days ago and it is billed as THE flagship phone from Nokia.  It's not acceptable that the operating system is already dead just 60 days after the release.

This is my third day with the Nokia Lumia 900, and I am very impressed. Easy to use, intuitive--and VERY fast!!!

I've had this phone for about two days now and I am amazed by the capabilities of this phone.  Talk about smooth.  And I love how seamless opening Office documents is.  I just downloaded my first video, via Windows Phone Connector for OS X, and I'm very happy with the quality.

Design: stunningResponsive: excellentSignal strength: best I ever hadBattery life: pretty good 4 a smart phone and heavy useInterface: may cause some problem w many none-tech user. But 4 me? I love it. The design is sleek and easier 2 customize than IphoneFREE NAVIGATION FROM NOKIACons:Camera: I have 2 say this is a major disappointment. I have been a faithful customer of Nokia 4 years due 2 its durable & well built. I also like to be able to touch the camera button 2 take pictures. But the sad part? My old N95 takes better photos. It takes less time 2 focus and take picture and the camera button is WAY more responsive. The camera button and the feature "touch to unlock" is extremely hard to use. PLEASE FIX IT.Camera strip: BE AWARE. EXTREMELY EASY 2 GET SCRATCH, EVEN WITH A COVER. U better buy a camera strip protector for it. I had my cover on since the first day and mine got scratch still :|Voice control feature: Cannot compare 2 Siri. Not as smart and not as convenient. Need MUCH MORE improvement.

Update: I really like the phone and I still think it's great.  However, if you want to get a phone that runs Windows Phone 8, you will need to wait to buy the newer phones when they come out.  Windows Phone 8 supports background tasks (so more multitasking capabilities than just freezing the state of an app.  This allows you to, for example, receive Skype calls without having the app open), higher resolution screens, NFC support, multi-core processors, more customizable start screen, and native code support.  This phone will be updated to 7.8, which will have the newer customizable screen, but other additional features are unknown at this point.  For me personally, since I'm a minimalist, the only thing I would really miss if they don't offer it in 7.8 is the background task feature since I want tighter Skype integration.  However, counting Skype is owned by Microsoft, I'm still keeping my hopes up.  That said, if you want the best of the best and high quality 3D games (havok physics supported!), wait until Windows Phone 8 comes out in Fall of 2012.  That said, given the support Nokia has shown to this phone (2 updates already in 3 months.  It may be a placebo effect, but I feel like low light shots look much better now) and given their new PureView technology, a Nokia branded Windows 8 phone will probably be a pretty safe bet.I got this phone by preordering it through AT&T;, and so far it's been great.This youtube video is great if you want a feel for the phone: [...]You can also find it by searching for "Nokia Lumia 900 AT&T; hands-on", created by "gsmarena07", on youtube.Hardware:Physical Layout: The phone looks very slick and has a very smooth feel in the hands. The sim card, micro usb port, and headphone ports are all at the top of the phone. The speakers are on the bottom and all the buttons are on the right side. The power button is actually in between the volume buttons and the camera button, so it did take a bit to get used to. I was a bit worried about the bezel that I heard was around the screen. However, it's barely 1mm high, so it's barely noticeable.Screen: The screen is a gorgeous 800x480 pixel ClearBlack AMOLED display. When they say black, they mean black. The contrast is extremely nice and the colors are very vibrant (very noticeable when comparing it to a HTC Trophy or an iPhone). Using the phone while outside is much better than with other phones since the colors don't get as washed out. If there is any complaint, it will have low resolution. Personally, this doesn't affect me too much. The text on the iPhone display is definitely more crisp, but I only really notice the low resolution if I look really closely (I mean my desktop computer screen has a lower DPI, but the screen is farther away so it's not noticeable). So while using the phone on a regular basis, the low resolution doesn't really bother me. If you have used a retina display though, the lower resolution may be much more noticeable. That said, this is an RGB display, so it looks clearer than all the 1280x720 Pentile displays I've seen.Main Camera: I would say that the cameras are slightly above average. With lots of light, the pictures are great, but in low light, the pictures are riddled with noise. The flash doesn't help much either since it causes red eye and faces becomes too bright. On the bright side, the flash is decently bright (my friend kept on complaining about being blinded).  Update: I played around with the camera some more.  For low light situations, it's best if you use manual settings.  Go into the camera settings, set "Scenes" to night, "Exposure" to 1 to 2 (I usually use 1), and "ISO" to 200(if you have a VERY steady hand and nothing in the picture is moving.  This results in better pictures if you can pull this off, but it is kind of hard) to 800 (I usually use 400).  Leave the rest of the settings unchanged.  Take the picture and use the auto fix feature.  This will result in a much better low light picture than if you just used the automatic settings.Front Camera: The quality on the front camera is great. It's better to use this for video chat since the main camera is 8MP vs the front one which is 1MP. The quality is decent.Speakers: The speakers are decently loud but the sound does get distorted at higher volumes. I would say that it is decent for a phone speaker.Call Quality: The call quality is really good. Hearing other people is very clear and my friends say they can hear me very clearly. Using speakers while using the phone works great as well. So far I haven't had a dropped call yet, so using plastic for the case seems to have been a smart design choice. I also have all my contacts set up through my Live account, so it automatically synced the contacts. If you didn't do that, Nokia does have a contact importer app that may work for you. You can find it in the marketplace > Nokia apps.Case: The case has a very solid feel to it and does not feel flimsy at all. The only complaint I have is the silver colored band that goes around the main camera. That band scratches extremely easily. Other than that, it feels great.Battery Life: I would say the battery life is about average. With light to moderate use, it will last about a day, and with heavy use, it will last about 6-8 hours. If you stream videos over the AT&T; network, that battery life will probably be a lot lower. Using the free offline GPS (Nokia Drive mentioned later), you can get about 4+ hours from a full charge before the phone dies, so it is best to keep it plugged in if using the GPS navigation.  You can view the exact percentage of battery life remaining by going to settings > battery saver (at the bottom). I have battery saver enabled just in case.Software:DEFAULT SOFTWAREInternet Explorer: I think the latest versions of IE are some of the most underrated browsers (That said, I still prefer using Chrome / Firefox on my desktop computers). I am pleasantly surprised how fast IE feels. It may be slow in benchmarks, but while on Wifi or 3G/HSPA+ (no LTE in my area right now), sites load very fast. Being able to choose between desktop mode / mobile view mode in settings is very useful. Neat tip: If you hold the .COM button on the keyboard, a menu will appear with all the other most commonly used endings, such as .org, etcPeople Hub: A place to go where you can easily text, call, and keep up with status updates of friends.  Neat tip: If you click on a letter header (usually the letter "a" since that's all you can see at first), a window with all the letters of the alphabet pops up.  You can then click on any letter to easily navigate there.  Great for quickly getting to a friend in a long list.Messaging: So far, there is Texting, Windows Live, Facebook, and Twitter integration, so messaging friends on any of those networks can all be done in one place. This makes keeping track of your thread extremely easy. I did hear that google chat will be integrated when Tango comes out, but for right now, I use IM+ which works pretty well (it also supports a lot of other IM networks).Bing: Bing can be accessed by pressing the magnifying class icon on the phone in the lower right. This brings up a lot of features. In the new window, you can use bing to search the web and it usually breaks up the main page with news / web. There's a link to view more web / news links under each category. Otherwise, it also has images and local as the two other side windows.When you press the search icon on your phone, it also brings up a menu with four new options. The left one is local scout and it helps you find local attractions and restaurants.  Neat tip: Under each header, you will see some small words, such as "distance" under "eat+drink".  If you tap on that, you can change the filters, so for eat and drink, one of them is to select "cuisine" instead of distance, which is the default.  This was hard to figure out, so hopefully just tapping the header will bring up the filters in the future.The second icon from the left is a music search. If you are listening to music and you want to know the song's name, just click on this and it will automatically listen and search for the song's name.The third icon is bing vision. You can use this to scan QR codes and bar codes, etc. It also has a function where it can translate English text to another language. This last feature is a bit iffy though.The fourth one is a voice search. You can say what you want to find. You can also bring this up by holding down the Home / Windows button for a few seconds.E-mail: Linked inboxes are great. I have it set up so my personal e-mail and my work e-mails are all set up. Then all I have to do is click on my inbox to view my messages from any inbox (this does need to be set up and isn't default). If I want to separate it and view only one e-mail account, I can do that as well.Multitasking: Hold the back button. If you want to close an app, you will need to click on the app and then press the back button. This is a bit annoying and hopefully can be improved in the future. Generally though, these apps don't run in the background and are just frozen states. To see the actual running background programs, go to settings > swipe right to the applications tab > background tasks.Zune: This is a great music app and pretty easy to use. The only complaint I have is I can't seem to be able to see all the songs I have in a playlist at once. I can only see 3 at a time. (Update: Apparently if you tap on any of those three songs below the song's image, you will get to see the entire playlist.  Thanks Nico for the tip!)  You can also view the full playlist by clicking on the name of the playlist / album.  Radio only works if you have headphones plugged in, which is pretty standard since the wire is then used as the antennae as a secondary function.Xbox Live: Great app. Only thing is that the windows live account you use to set up the phone is also the e-mail for the xbox live account. I use a different one, so this was a bit annoying since you can't change the login e-mail for the xbox app. My friends did mess up my K/D ratio in my previous xbox live account, so I decided to just start from scratch. I did contact XBOX live support though, and if you did not create an XBOX live account for your windows phone live account, you should be able to merge the two.Office: Decent office app.Nokia Drive (Free in marketplace > Nokia collection): Since AT&T; has their own navigator, they removed this from the phone by default. However, you can easily go into the marketplace, click on Nokia apps and install this. This is the FIRST thing you should do. You can download the US map (which is only 1.8GB, which is a lot less than I expected) and go to settings and switch network to off. This way, you literally have a Garmin on your phone. In fact, when I tested it, it found a better route than Garmin did and I got to my friends house a lot faster. Another nice feature is that you can set up warnings for when you go above the speed limit. The setting for going below 50MPH and above 50MPH is independent, so I have mine warn me when I am 8MPH above the speed limit on local roads and 12MPH on the high way.Nokia Maps (Free in marketplace > Nokia collection): This is decently useful. It's like another local scout.Nokia Transit (Free in marketplace > Nokia collection): This app isn't that great right now. It just came out though, so hopefully there's more improvements.  It's supposed to help you find public transportation to get from one place to another.AT&T; apps: The MYAT&T; app (forgot the name) that comes default with the phone is old and does not work. You aren't able to sign into it. However, if you go to the marketplace, click on AT&T;, you will see that there is a new app (with a different name which is why there's no "Update"). If you install that, the app works fine. This seems to be a bad oversight and hopefully will be fixed in future releases. Otherwise, I uninstalled all the rest of the AT&T; apps.Other great apps / Apps in general:It is true that there are some really popular apps on Android / iOS that aren't available on the Windows Phone.  However, I've found alternatives for many of them and with the marketplace growing at a fast rate, I am hoping that the more popular apps will all be migrated over as well.  Some of the apps that I find useful:MetroRadio: If you use PandoraMyStocks Portfolio: If you follow the stock marketGrapher Calculator: A graphing calculatorFlashlight - X: A no nonsense flash light.Amazon Kindle: Kindle reader for the Windows PhoneNetflix: For watching videosSkydrive: Integrates well with your Live account and gives you 25GB of cloud storage. View it as a dropbox. Sync functions are available if you install Windows Live Mesh (for the desktop) (Update: Microsoft added a new feature making Skydrive act exactly like dropbox.  You have a folder on your computer and you can drag and drop files into it.  This greatly increases usability.  Downside is that the free account size is reduced to 7GB for new users.  Old users can reactivate the 25GB account for free.)Weather Channel: For the weather

The lumia 900 is really great, especially the so fast response of the Windows phone system. The applications are almost there, at least to me.

Very well built, i was surprised, i`ve always owned droid phones, and once an iphone.  They look like toys next to the lumia.  The OS can have better customization.  Overall, i am very happy with my nokia.

Pre-Ordered my Lumia on day 1 of pre-orders, payed the full retail off-contract at an AT&T; store and decided to give it a chance.I am absolutely blown away by this device. I had been putting off trying out Windows Phone due to my investment in Android, but I have to say that knowing what I do now I regret not making the switch sooner.To get a couple of things out of the way; yes, there is a relative paucity of applications available compared to iOS and Android. Also, yes, there is a learning curve to the device if you're coming off of a steep time frame with Android. The other end of this though is that time will solve both problems as I've picked up the device very well within a day or two and with the sales the Lumia experienced we should see a resurgence of interest in the platform and probably a boost to the available marketplace.That being said though, there's very little I've come across I would say is truly lacking in the marketplace. I do miss Pandora to some extent, but I have a Zune account so that's a minor annoyance which was easily remedied.The screen is gorgeous with rich blacks and smooth, bright and accurate color reproduction. I'd heard middling reviews on the camera but so far it's been great though as unforgiving as any other camera if you take a bad picture. I would place it at least the equal of any other cellphone camera I've tried, including the iPhone 4 (possibly 4S) and the more recent Android offerings from Samsung.The browsing experience is great even though I don't have LTE local to me - yet. We're slated for a release here in Northeast Ohio.Heft and balance in the hand is great, though getting used to a more slender device (first I've used in a long time without a sliding keyboard) has been another learning curve, but the feel is amazing. It has some mass to it, but you rarely feel it as it is spread out neatly across the device and it's spread well throughout so you don't end up with a top-heavy experience.Battery life has been absolutely astounding. I would struggle to get through even an eight hour workday on my previous device - I went almost the entire weekend without charging my Lumia. Took it off the charger on Friday evening and plugged it in Sunday morning, almost 36 hours to the minute after the fact and there was still some room to go on time. This is with frequent texting, use as a music player in the car, web browsing, a few calls... she holds up with aplomb and refuses to die.This is, bar none, the best phone I have ever owned and I would recommend it for anyone who wants to step into smartphones new and fresh or has been using them for quite a while. As the title of the review suggests, it was everything I was hoping for and then even a little more and I doubt I could get any happier with the handset than this.

Finally an OS that actually is what they make it out to be. Beautiful phone and functions smoothly. I Phone was a waste of my times just 2 days with the Windows OS and the Nokia Phone. Glad I took a shot and not looking back and outdated and worthless technology. A real OS that anyone can use and actually see what a smart phone is all about. Thank you Nokia and Microsoft. Eager to see Windows Phone 8 details.

I didn't want to wait for the new Iphone (2-6 months out)and I'd heard good things about this phone, so I bought it. Big mistake. My biggest issue is syncing calendars and contacts. Separate vehicles for syncing for music, pictures etc. vs contacts and calendars is a big step back. The Windows live syncing through the cloud is terrible. I have 1500 contacts and the file is too large to sync, or so says Windows Live. I forced to maintain multiple databases for all the functionality I need, which is ridiculous.If all you need to do was cruise Facebook and call friends, this is a fine phone. If you want a business tool, look elsewhere. I'm going back to the Iphone.

If you are truly willing to give a new phone OS a try, there is no better time to do it then with this phone. If you are only looking to have a different skin over your iOS or Android phone and think that Windows Phone might do that you will be disappointed. This phone is great, super fast and fluid, looks great. All of the apps you need are available or baked into the OS and the market is rapidly growing. It has excellent battery life, the screen works really well outdoors and it has the perfect feel.My only complaint so far is that the shiny metal around the camera scratches too easily, but overall I'm extremely impressed with this phone.

Got this for work. Super fast, easy to use. Makes my old iPhone's screen look milky and old :) maps are cool, xbox games are cool... just get the phone.

I got the phone yesterday, and had almost a day to play with it. I have been extremely impressed by the smooth operation of the OS and how the contacts, calendars etc. are tightly integrated. The phone itself is very pleasing to hold. The screen is beautiful (my wife has an iPhone4s so I am very well aware of the "Retina" display, but there is something special about the Nokia screen even though it has a lower resolution. The contrast is excellent, and images and text just stand out in terms of clarity. 4.3" is slightly big, would have preferred a 4" screen, but that takes nothing away from the quality of the screen. Touch response seems to be smoother than what I experience on the iphone. There is of course more to explore, and I am sure there will be bugs that will come up. But that should not take away any points from the fact that Nokia has partnered with Microsoft to bring a high quality phone to the US. Finally!!!!Just to make it clear, I am not biased towards any OS. I have previously owned the iphone 3, 3g, 4 and currently have the iPad2 and HTC Flyer, so I am quite familiar with what the different mobile OS have to offer.While setting up the Google account I did run into some authentication errors. Finally found a solution that worked. problem is not with Windows OS but on Google side. See the details below:Basically, I created a 2-step verification on for my Gmail accounts, which seemed to be what was impeding the authentication.  I opened up Gmail in a browser, opened up 'Mail Settings' (the gear icon in the top-right corner of the page), went to the 'Accounts' tab, and clicked on 'Other Google Account settings".  Once I authenticated a 2-step verification process under "Security" option, I clicked "Authorizing applications & sites".  Then I basically followed the steps on that page to create a once-off application-specific password for the Nokia phone (one can name it anything they want), and used the generated password by google to sync my account on the Nokia phone and voila! It worked! Once I figured out what I was doing, it took be no more than 2 minutes.

I love my Lumia 900. The screen pops colors better than any Samsung. It connects to WiFi much faster and steadier than my old iPhone and Android phone. The home screen with live tiles is SO easy and intuitive to navigate. My 84 year old Aunt got the hang of it in minutes. I may have to end up getting her one. This phone is FAST....the ATT 4g speeds are great and the actual phone OS when transitioning from one task to another is fast, fluid and beautiful. It has absolutely no lag. The 16 gigs of storage are more than enough and I can post pictures and comments to Facebook and Twitter faster and easier than any other phone I've ever owned. There are 80,000 apps already and still growing. You also get 7 gigs of personal Cloud Storage via Skydrive and can have the phone automatically upload any pic you take to the cloud so that your phone doesn't have to use memory. Plus, in Skydrive, you can give access to your friends to see your photos in the cloud whenever they want. Very cool.I love the color (Cyan) and the build feels modern and solid. Everyone who sees it want to play with it and then they want to get one.The camera is fine for a phone and once you play with the settings and lock them in, you'll love the pictures it takes. Zune is a fantastic and beautiful music player. For only $99 there is no better phone. Android is a mess of viruses and clutter and the iPhone is a nice phone but you have to buy an entire Apple ecosystem to support it. If you are looking for a new experience, a safe experience, a fun experience and a phone that is easy, fun and beautiful then I highly recommend you go into an ATT store and play with this phone. You'll buy one.

I've bought the cyan and black.  The battery life is amazingly great even with LTE.  The app selection is sufficent.  Most everything I do every day is already built in the OS.  I found myself using less going into the battery sucking apps to do simple tasks.  Also the Facebook app beautiful on this phone.  This app is updated more often than the phone OS out there.

I have owned both an iPhone(3G) and an Android (Galaxy S Captivate) and can say that the Nokia Lumia 900 does NOT disappoint. Being somewhat a "tech junkie" I like to buy the best phone available every time I'm able to upgrade. So when comparing specs to other Android phones, the Nokia doesn't compare well. But after actually playing with it in store, and seeing how smooth it was, and how it combined everything I needed and used in just a few tiles, I decided to give it the 30 day test drive. It's been 3 months and I must say I'm still impressed. The phone just works. It has everything you need integrated easily into the device, and it's a simple, easy, yet efficient phone. I also have my work email (Outlook) sync'd to the phone and it is by far the best email experience as far as mobile devices go. My only complaint, which really isn't a complaint as much as a personal preference is the physical size of the phone. I would like to see all these features packed into a Lumia 800 size. Other than that, no Pandora and no Flash Player kinda sucks, but I assume they'll be coming in due time. When these items are fixed, the phone will be a 5 star phone for sure.

No lag like my android phone had. Definitely keeping windows phone as my mobile OS! Get this phone and I promise, you won't be disappointed.

I bought this phone from Amazon wireless in April. Used it for almost 3 monthsPros:1. Voice quality is Good- Update on Voice: - Today morning, I used this phone to make overseas calls  (7) (Via Reliance Global), many times they could not hear me properly. Everyday I use this phone to make international calls, don't have any problems).2. Easy to use - Good Operating System3. Apps - I use very few apps so I don't have any problem4. Good Look and feelCons:After call is done, when i try to End call, call is not ending and touch screen freezes. I have to restart phone all over again an then touch screen works. Usually for shutting down, we have to hit button on right and message appears on screen "Slide down To Power Off", since touch screen wont work I cannot slide down.I need to hold that button continuously to shutdown phone. After some time it restarts. By the way when screen is frozen, phone wont charge even though it is connected to power outlet and question mark appears on battery.Thus issue is happening  frequently and some times there is gap of few days.I called Amazon customer Service, they said that 30 days warranty is over and I need to call AT&T.; Did the same and I was redirected to Windows Mobile support. I was directed to reset and when I explained my problem again and again she told me to go to ATT retail store, if rep calls Windows Mobile they will think of replacing PhoneAs I mentioned, this issue is not reproducible when ever I want and once when I went to ATT retail store, they told me to restart and it worked fine.ATT told me that this is not known issue and work around is to restart.Summary: I am not at all happy with this frozen screen issue, otherwise it is fine.

Both my wife and I have an iPhone.  Mine is for work and is a iPhone 4.  The wife's is an iPhone 3GS.Since my wife is Finnish and has always been a Nokia lover, I was able to convince her to check out the Nokia Lumia 900.  It wasn't too hard after she learned we would get a $100 credit on our bill due to the Nokia issue that they quickly resolved after launch.  Way to go Nokia -- rather than try and blame everyone else, you fixed the problem immediately and gave your customers to make up for the negative experience!  Cha-ching!OK, back to the phone.I took my wife to AT&T; store today, after a few minutes, I think she totally digs the phone.Its responsiveIt has a nice size screenEverything is easy to readEveryhing she needs (calling, messaging, photos, etc.) are 1-2 clicks away.  Not much of a learning curse.She gets to keep her current AT&T; data plan, which is unlimited.She gets LTE network speedI think she loves the live-tiles and how photos and information changes and makes the phone come-to-live!  Awesome!It's too early to say how long the battery lasts, etc., but based on other reviews, I think she is going to be extremely happy with this phone.  Heck, as soon as I have to go buy my next personal phone, I may get me one, too!Keep up the fantastic work and customer service Nokia and Microsoft!  WP7 is already way cooler and better than Android market fragmentation!

I love this phone!, it is fast!!! The screen is amazingly bright with blacks that contrast so well it is easy to read in plain sunlight.The OS is so well designed and uniform, it is fluid and integrated with all the services and social networks.It links together contacts from all the different account sources.Contrarily to Android the Windows Phone OS is designed to protect you from spyware and virus application, it is much safer, and reliable.The Marketplace has over 100,000 apps which is more than I will ever need.Great Phone!

Besides being an amazing bargain, this is a really cool phone ease of use and features are very well conceived.

The industrial design and craftsmanship of this phone are outstanding--Nokia has built a phone that can only be rivaled by Apple. Combined with the fact that this phone has true 4G LTE (not the slower "faux-G" in the iPhone 4S), a pretty screen, and a good camera, you're getting a lot of value for your money. The Windows Phone operating system is beautiful as well and very easy to use (I say this as someone who previously owned an iPhone).The main drawback of Windows Phone is that there aren't as many apps as on iPhone/Android. Most top-tier apps are available (Facebook, Yelp, New York Times, CNN, WhatsApp, Epicurious, ESPN ScoreCenter, Flixster, MyFitnessPal, Netflix, and more are present and accounted for), and great third-party alternatives are available for some of the missing apps (for instance, check out PrimeTube if you're looking for a good YouTube app, or MetroRadio if you want a good Pandora app). However, there are a few important apps that just aren't available, such as Draw Something and Words With Friends. If these missing apps are deal-breakers for you, you may want to look elsewhere--but if you can live without them, you won't find a better smartphone for this price than the Nokia 900.

1. Wifi disconnects while screen is locked2. No way to disable auto-rotation3. too few apps4. A 2012 smartphone with 800x480 resolution only???5. Data connectivity issues on Day 0!

This is the second phone I purchased through Amazon Wireless and probably the last purchase I'll make. I got the HTC Titan. Two of them. One for me and one for my wife. Great phones but, the phones they sent had issues ranging from dropping calls to the inability to use the speaker phone. So I need to replace them. I then swap them for the new Nokia Lumia 900 instead. Why not? It has the Carl Zeiss lens and these people know optics.The problem is Nokia doesn't seem to know a dang thing about optics. The pictures this phone takes have seriously flawed white balance issues. At least mine does. The Titan takes fantastic pictures and it doesn't advertize a "Carl Zeiss" lens.To make matters worse, this Nokia Lumia 900 cannot make a 3G/4G data connection. Only Wifi.I read on the net, the phones built in Mexico have this problem. Perfect. Amazon Wireless sold me an immobile, mobile phone.But I'm not hot yet. This is why I'm hot. Returning the phone to Amazon Wireless is out. They are telling me I should keep it and wait for a fix. WTF?? I asked the guy on 4/10 when is it coming and the guy says, "its released." Of course, I knew already it wasn't released but he wanted to get off the phone and Nokia is making it possible to swap them. So I'm completely unhappy with Amazon Wireless for lying to my face.I learned my lesson and it will be my last phone purchase with them. Safer to go direct to AT&T.;Saving money is supposed to be pleasurable, not stressful. For all of what Amazon does right, they handled this badly.For the record, I still dig Windows Phone and I don't blame Microsoft for this. I had the HTC Arrive and it was a sweet experience. So it's not Microsoft I'm giving this low rating.  I dropped one star for the phone(s) and three for Amazon Wireless.EDIT: I felt after reading from a couple of my responses I should update my rating because in my passion about Amazon Wireless, posted fewer stars for the device itself.  I admit it was unfair.  I'm since updated my phone on the Friday the fix dropped and my data has been great. I don't think my camera is right since the photos are really badly washed out otherwise I'd give "the device" a full 5 stars.

Picked this up yesterday and I've been very happy with it. I also like the fact that it will have cost me nothing after the $100 credit! I would highly recommend this phone to anyone that wants a simple, easy to use smartphone.  I haven't had an issue finding the apps I wanted. It's hard to believe this came from the same company that brought us Windows. Great to see a new player in the market.

I moved from a Samsung Galaxy S to the Lumia 900. Everything is MUCH nicer, the screen pops, build quality is awesome, it just feels solid and not cheap.Visual voicemail is awesome and it feels like the phone does all kinds of stuff without any apps. It was able to find the name of songs playing on the radio that my other app couldn't, facebook chat is 'just there' and works really well. I downloaded Nokia Drive and seeing I am going overseas to Australia in a couple of weeks, the international maps are just awesome, I can turn the cell data off and not pay any roaming charges, but still use the GPS.My other phone is an iPhone 4 and the screen, while nice, just looks tiny in comparison. Tango video calling is included, the find my phone, remote lock etc. is really cool (no app needed). Integrated Microsoft Office and Skydrive is really nice as well. It did take me a while to sign into everything, but once I did, it all worked really well.Contacts transferred my my gmail right away, I did have to sign up for a live account to use the marketplace, but it links really nicely with my xbox and gave me some new features I didn't have before.Most of my apps (spotify, whatsapp, netflix, heytell, ebay, amazon) where all free. The only one that kinda bugged me was wordfeud, which doesn't have a free version. It's only $2.99, so I'll probably just buy it, but I'd like a free version please, I don't mind the ads.

I bought Lumia 900 and was excited to upgrade Window 8.You cannot upgrade if you buy this current model so why waste money buying?Wait for Window8 or iPhone5.Current Lumina 900 Camera is horrible.
