
I highly recomend this seller, it works perfect. It is exactly as described, this a very complete phone with al the stuff i need.

This phone came in an ATT box with screen protectors all packed LIKE it was new it had hand cut screen protectors on the phone.. Funny because I thought it was new. Also, the phone would not register any SIM card. Which means it was a LOCKED phone not UNLOCKED like the description says. PLease do not waste you time buying this phone. It will not do you any good!!!!

The phone has lived up to all my expectations. I would reccommend it to anyone wanting a smartphone. I really love it it is simple to use.

Item works perfectly fine plus it came on time. The HTC inspire is the best phone at the 140 - 180 price range

I received the phone very quick. The condition of the phone was excellent. But, unfortunately the SIM reader was defective and I had to send it back. It's been a week and I'm still waiting on my refund.

hangs up almost every call, then calls people back out of nowhere, also cant hear anything and doesn't stay charged.

Phone arrived on time and was in great shape. When I put in my sims cards the phone did not work. Went to an ATT store changed sim card and was told phone was bad.

I want my money back guarantee. Its different from the description. The phone didnt work for my service. Im highly unsatisfied.

After only a day the microphone stopped working. In less than three months the entire phone died. I contacted the seller to replace the phone or give me a refund $199.88. I sent it to them they sent the phone back to me accusing me of tampering with the phone and even insinuated that it was not their phone.  Very disappointed with this purchase. I'm out a phone and my money!!!!

My daughter loves her phone. No problems at all. It was free phone through AT&T as we could not afford the iphone for her. Had it over six months and still loving it!

I Bought this as a gift for a signifigant other. great buy and from what she says, its an amazing product. lol thanks you guys!

Hello dearthis phone if i bought it ,will you send it with all accessories and its boxbest regards

This is my second one HTC Inspire phone and i love it, excellent camera, excellent GSM signal, all features are great. If you want the best phone don't hesitate in buy this.

I was impressed. I bought used and I sent him almost new. is in perfect condition. I do not regret having bought my HTC

I love my phone I was kind of skeptical ordering it online and I love it I couldn't have picked a better phone I have no complaints about it at all

I had a Sprint EVO 4G (1st generation) and loved that phone. It was one of the top phone available at the time (iPhone 3 was the competitor). This phone has some features that are a little better than the old EVO. Navigation is a little better and the phone is easier to personalize.Set up to use took less than an hour! That included synching personal and business email accounts and over 600 contacts!I dropped my SIM and micro SD cards in and off I went. Took a day to get the data network settings right, since I wasn't actually an AT&T; customer. That help is easy to find in the Android community.I chose this phone over the iPhone, because I am an insurance agent and I travel. The Android platform is more friendly to the Windows working world and Google maps is way better than iMaps! If I were strictly a content creator, the iPhone would be the way to go.All my most used features are right on my home screen, so this is very convenient.Battery life is great, lasting all day on one charge, but I normally use it plugged in, as with any Lion battery device, to extend battery life.

the phone is ok it needs chargeing a lot a more powerful battery is needed but the performance is good the case is just that get what you paid for nothing more  thanks ray

everything went wrong the calls kept ending and I couldn't hear the other person and vice versa and the Wi-Fi kept disconnecting

When I received the cell phone it would't read my SIM card, so when I went to at@t to get help they told me the phone was no good, would't work. Trying now to get my money back but looks are deceiving. Not worth it

This phone is awesome I like it love the apps that come with it. Arrived on time couldn't put it down when I got it so nothing really bad to say about this phone love its great.

The phone is broke. Wsnt to activate it and store said that sim card connections are broken. Was a xmas present for my son. Not only embarrassed but broke his heart. Now I have no sticker or anyway to return it. I have never had a problem with Amazon before and always do 99% of any shopping on here but definitely dont know about the future!

My grand-daughter had this phone and loved it . . . she dropped it repeatedly and it kept on going.  She dropped it once a cracked the screen;  dropped it again on the road with no damage while bringing a riding lawn mower out to me (luckily, I saw it fall and stopped the van in  time to pick it up);  dropped it recently on concrete and the screen shattered but she kept using it.  It finally started having problems and her mother finished it off with a hammer in a moment of justifiable rage . . . since then the grand-daughter has had to be content with an old one of mine.  I was hoping to find her a replacement I could afford when I ran this search.

The phone sent to me, the system is damaged.Not working properly, turn off, not entering their applications.. and More...This does not work well!

its ok, just an older phone. cant download all apps but phone work good. not 4g lte good for the price

This is a used smart phone that I bought thru Amazon. Fast shipping. The phone works well and as described. Very satisfied. Will buy again.

Purchased this phone and it shut off constantly at the most random moments. The seller said they would exchange the phone so I paid to ship it back, but then they decided to refund me instead. Do NOT buy this phone. Save your time and money.

I didn't mind getting a refurbished phone, but I was nervous about buying it online.  I was happy with my purchase especially for the price and not having to pay for data through my phone company. However, the battery that I received with the phone doesn't even last a full day or even 3 hours with online. I had to purchase a new battery which wasn't expensive; just inconvenient.  Overall, since my purchase of the phone 3-4 weeks ago, I am happy with my purchase.

The HTC Inspire is a very good phone. only one flaw i have found upon my purchase. in which is the built in hardrive is to small. other than that it is a perfect phone.

This phone is awful! The screen freezes a lot and the battery life sucks! I do not recommend you to buy this phone. BUYING THIS WOULD BE A WASTE OF MONEY!!

Great phone, highly recommended! I don't know why they make me put more words than I want to... bye bye

Bought this as a replacement for my son's lost phone, and he likes it and that is what he said..."I like it". It came in the condition it was rated and in the estimated time.

After we received this phone it did not come with a sim card so we had to travel a hour away to buy one, and after we did this with ATT company we were told this phone had been wet at sometime that the battery showed water damage.

Perhaps I bought a phone a generation or two too old.  But three years, ago, this phone woulda been the shit.

Good product, but paint scrath easily.

I just recently bought this and am currently waiting to receive it. I am hoping to make it prepaid since I already am prepaid. I have been reading other reveiws saying it cant compare to the iPhone. Okay first off all the iPhone is a completely different phone. Not an android. The HTC phone is an android. Not made by Apple. So you canot compare it to the iPhone. You can however compare it to other smartphones. It is nicely sized and clear. It is an android 2.3 but can be upgraded to the android 4.0.

Came In box... with all accessories!! But has one little problem to connect Hotspot, it says I must log in Att.com/mywireless then nothing happens.

Perfect phone, exactly what I wanted and is perfectly functional with straight talk after the apn's are changed. I love it

Had this phone before. Wished I had  ordered it again instead of the motorola . HTC offers same , if not more features , and much more easier to use.

I currently have 2 HTC Inspire phones. One is completely stock and the other one rooted and completely modded. Both phones are very solid with minimal lag on any app. Even the stock Inspire will out perform the iPhone 4s. Only down fall that I have found is battery life could be better. However, with performance comes battery drain.

I have had this phone for a little over a month and the first couple weeks it worked great. But now it basically has a mind of its own if. I had to put it back to factory settings and it still did the exact same things

i been looking for a phone to get for my mom she loves this one an aunt of mine has one and my mom wanted one but without contract and unlocked and wow awesome

It's crap. I got this phone because it da the only phone I could afford without having to qualify for an upgrade discount.

This phone broke after a few days of use. But it was used by my child so that could have been so of the problem

This phone stinks!! Constantly freezes & sometimes turns off during a call. I have insurance on my phone and have had it replaced 3x thinking I just had a faulty phone... They are all messed up though. Don't waste your money

Served its purpose when I bought it. I am not with another carrier. Phone is very clear and loads fast. Good battery time.

Good phone, some minor issues but nothing serious. We were in need of a phone in a hurry and this product delivered the results we needed until we can upgrade our phones.

This was my first smartphone. I had it for 2 years and loved it. Anytime i needed to check up on some resources or finding directions then phone was great at doing its job.

I purched this phone and had to return it cause I found another phone. I emailed them in regaurds to returning the cell phone and I was advised to refuse the package. Two months late I had never gotten my money back. When I had initially emailed them they said that they were behind on the refunds. I know how it is working retail so I let it go. But when I had gotten my next credit card bill there was no money credited back to me. This is the worst experience I have had with amazon. Do not buy.

no front camera and is very heavy but is very attractive and easy to handle.after these two bad things everything is fine with this as aa htc inspire no 3g or 4g goes up because it is at & t.

It was not new.. I'm still have n problems with the phone. The phone was refurbished phone.. the description should have said refurbish.. not happy at all.

when  i got  phone  they told  me  that  it looks like brand new  but  there was  miliion scratc was  on  phone  and  speaker was  broken dont  buy second  hand  phone

Its would freeze and twice out alot

I knew I was buying used, and it works fine. The pixels are starting to die and the camera only takes blue pictures. So the background is very dark and camera is practically useless. But I replaced it with a nicer phone and it works as a decent back up just in case.

This phone worked great for about 3 months, and I absolutely loved it. Battery life has been steadily decreasing, but that was manageable for awhile. Just within the past week, however, it has started freezing and crashing. Now it won't charge, and won't turn on. Don't buy this phone, apparently this is a common problem. Save your money!

Nice phone but it had its issues like most phones do. Freezes up alot and not enough memory. But its nice

Great price for a decent phone. While not brand new it was in excellent shape. Will recommend buying used phones via Amazon.

I accidentally broke my old phone, so I needed a quick replacement that wasn't terribly expensive to stave me over while I waited for an upgrade. This phone has been really great so far, and I've had it for a while now.My only complaint is a pretty superficial one: having both the lock key an the volume control on the left side of the phone is kind of awkward. I find myself accidentally adjusting the volume pretty frequently when I lock the phone. But that hasn't really affected my judgement of the phone as a whole.

My phone is no good had to charging every hour,

this is junk blow up on me brun junk no phone now see why dont sale no more out 200 dollars  thats wny dont sale no more i got last one see why now took me 4 1800 $ put a gun 2 me sent back right blow up junk junk look out

This phone is awful! I had to have mine replaced twice ($120) each time. The first time the screen just stopped working for no reason at all and the second time the phone wouldn't charge for no reason at all. It started vibrating at two in the morning while it was sitting on my night stand and wouldn't stop until I took out the battery. It's no wonder this phone is discontinued. After spending $100 on the phone and $125 to replace it every time it broke I finally gave up and got a cheap pre paid phone hooked up to my plan. So glad I did.

Everything that I needed in a phone, this phone had.  Very happy with this purchase and the price, excellent phone for me.

Great phone battery could last a little longer it did improve after update now trying to figure out the hotspot

Purchased the phone to replace my son's iPhone that was stolen. The phone was in very good condition but it couldn't match the iPhone. I have since purchased my son a new iPhone.
