
I bought this phone in April 2013 for my daughter. It is now only July of 2013 and the phone is acting crazy.  It randomly calls numbers without anything being pushed to make a call.  The worst is, it seems to automatically call the  preprogrammed help numbers the most. She has to keep apologizing for 911 calls that she is not making.  Of course the seller warranty was only 30 days so now I am looking in to manufacturer warranty details.  The phone looks cool and has all the current features but we definitely would not recommend this product to anyone.  I expect at least a year if not two years of life from a cell phone and this one has not even made it a full 3 months.

This smartphone is very good. My fingers are small enough to use the qwerty keyboard. The only thing is that the battery does not last as long as a regular cellphone but then again it has a lot more on it. Very nice!

Please do not buy. battery life- horrible.Memory Space- horrible. The talk quality- bad. This phone only look good.I bought this as a gift and send overseas to my sister she hardly uses it.

This little phone is pretty cool! It's super fast and has a nice crisp display. It is a nice hybrid of the QWERTY / SMART phone. The camera is also really good.I will say getting the phone to acutally work took a while. One of the 3P Merchants has some bad inventory that's broken, so I had to do a return. Kind of annoying that you can't trust all the inventory (knocking a star). Besides the hiccups getting the phone working, this is a GREAT unlocked phone.

The phone itself is great.. I was so excited when I receved it. I used it for a day before I realized everything that DOES NOT work or isn't the best.. if you are not on AT&T; you cannot go on the internet without Wi-Fi.. Also the phone storage is extremely low & only a few things can be moved to the sd card, when your phone becomes low on storage(which is very often) your text messages will NOT come through& you have to go on a deleting spree,& start deleting all of the apps... would I recommend this phone to anyone? NO, I wouldn't buy it unless you are an at&t; customer, that doesn't use apps...Sharp FX Plus Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.2 OS, 3MP Camera, Touchscreen, QWERTY Keyboard, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth - Black

the phone wont read the material on the sd card and the battery wont stay charged, it feels heave duty.

It's not a bad phone, I realized only the wifi worked. I could go on youtube and stuff but could not make a call on T-mobile carrier so I had to return it. Even then, the seller almost didn't return my shipping cost until amazon stepped in.

I had read the reviews about the keyboard buttons being unconventional and too hard to use.  I thought how can buttons be so different?  Well they are and makes it too time consuming to text.  Skip this phone

I am in love with this phone have to admit it has a lot of feature's the one I love this most is the navigation I am on the road a lot  so this phone helps me in a lot of ways

I love this product. I bought it for my daughter and she absolutley fell in love with it! If you want to get a slide phone i defientley recommend you to get this phone. Its good its cheap and it works as good as new. the only thing my daughter noticed that she didnt like was that the battery runs out fast and also there is phone space...... lots. but its just that if you download a lot of games you will run out of phone space. But everything else is perfect and fine. She loves it

The phone will not tirn off. I cant send text messages without a picture attac th ed. The phone rings sometimes. Im sending it back. The price was great, but the phone is a hot mess.

This came to days late via Fedex, with unlocked ATT phone, charger, battery, and manual.  I easily switched my T-mobile sim and memory card into the new arrived phone and it works great with no issue as well as the WiFi which the mean reason I purchased the product.  OUTSTANDing.

The phone was defective worst phone ever had no Netflix, 4g and calls were dropped don't waste your time. horrible

Got this phone as a gift and was disappointed when it didn't immediately recognize my T-Mobile sim card. I had to call costumer service and manually type in all the APN information. After that it worked really well. However, I only had this phone for about a week because it fell between the seat of my truck and the door without my knowledge and fell when I opened the door. The screen shattered but the phone still works! Small pieces of glass keep coming off or else I would just deal with it for now. I haven't been able to find a good case for this model so I will likely switch phones for this reason. If you are extremely careful with your phone or just have better luck than I do, this is a good, basic phone for a great price!

The first phone I received wouldn't stay on the network with a working SIM card. Customer service responded to my message right away and sent me a replacement. That one didn't work either-- wouldn't stay charged more than two hours, and problems connecting to the internet. They kindly offered to refund my money once I sent back the broken phones, although I'm still waiting on the shipping label they were supposed to send me. Can't fault their customer service, but that doesn't make a crummy product good.

I've had this phone only for a week now and I really love it. I cannot afford a data plan, so having a wi-fi is a big plus. The second day I used it, I received a text message from ATT about a data overage - somehow instead of using the wifi, it was using the ATT network and I received an outrageous bill which they were willing to correct. So, make sure the "enable data" is turned off as sometimes the phone may use the operator's network instead of the wi fi.All in all I'm happy, but I never had an iPhone or another smart phone.

Item delivered before estimated date. Product is like new, but when checked after inserting sim it's getting stuck sometimes, don't know the reason. But I don't want to return it & buy new one, because I'm leaving for India in 1 week.

The phone is nice but the fact that I have to charge it every 2hrs is unbearable. I retured it and got my money back. Good luck!

This was a good android phone. Met my expectations and served the purpose i got it for. I would recommend this phone.

I was looking for a phone for my daughter (she is young), and I didnt want to pay for data package, i know she likes video games and to surf the net, so I said let me give this a try. Its cheap and does everything a smart phone does without the monthly data bill. I ordered it 1 day before her birthday and got it the next day. Just as described. I was hesitant because some reviewes were not so great but honestly this little phone rocks. My son is jealous and I will buy him one soon. She has had the phone now for about 2 weeks and everyting is great!:-)happy customer!

My phone came very quickly and I it is exactly what it said it would be It is easy to use and was very simple to figure out. I need phones for Dummy's I am not really technology literate. With this phone I have set it up with ease.

Phone received in good time.  It works well with my needs so far and I am enjoying it.  My only complaint is that it did not come with any games added.The phone sucks....firstly the charger I received for the phone has some sort of short in it and I have to constantly be maneuver it to get it to charge.  The internal memory sucks, it keeps hanging up, and the charge does not last for a day!  Bad choice!

I specifically typed in on Amazon "unlocked Net10 compatible cell phone" when I was looking to replace an LG android phone. I've only had the LG less than 6 months and its screen already shattered. This isn't the phone I ordered. The one I received says 3.megapixel camera and its keyboard is all black. Okay, that wasn't too bad because these models are similar. So it was charged for a number of hours and I couldn't get it to connect with Net10. It was going to go back to the warehouse when my son came. He looked at it and said to wait. He went my main computer, pulled up Net10, keyed in some info from the New phone and its working. I had no idea to do that! Dollars to donuts, others who have purchased an unlocked phone had a similar situation. So check out if you might need to connect with your account online first. The phone itself I like better than LG, has a little more heft to it so I don't drop it, and the keyboard is easier too use.

I brought two phones for my oldest kids and they love it, they haven't put the phone down. They love the phone.

I got it in July 12&#65292;but today&#65288;July 14&#65289; morning the cover of USB drop off from cellphone&#12290;This defect is the bad effect of surface&#12290;bad mood

Bought the phone for my son.. Made the order late night on feb. 5, received the phone feb.6, around 1pm. That was a speedy shipping. Thank you so much. My son loved the phone. It was a great phone for the cheap price. Compare to expensive phone. This phone's excellent..i might have to order another one for my other son. Or a different one. But il will sure be with the same seller..

This phone dnt do nuthin I want my money back. The phone turns to 3g and then its turn to e with bars.

I bought this phone a while back and for some reason the screen just stopped working. It doesn't show signs that water has damaged it (I often leave it in my pants pocket on the floor while I shower) and I haven't dropped it. Also the piece that keeps dirt and dust from getting into the charger adapter fell off. I really liked this phone until it just stopped working.

This is a very nice phone I really enjoyed using this phone that my sister saw it and asked m for it. I would recommend this phone to any one who is just look for a phone and is not too choosey

This is the cheapest brand new android phone sold on amazon and it does everything that android is supposed to do. The only downside is that its screen size is about 3 inches. But I am seeing android phones go over 800 dollars, such as htc butterfly. This cost me 65 only and with the savings I can buy a new 7 inch android tablet for bigger display of videos. It will still cost less than a typical android smartphone of 5 inch or higher. Well done Sharp. Sharp is a very solid japanese manufacturer. I have a sharp TV in my house which I bought way back in 1994 and it still works perfectly and never required any repair. Sharp's reliability is probably one of the highest in the electronics industry.UPDATE: i returned the phone because its internal memory is too tiny. you can only install 1 or 2 apps at most. also the call quality isn't clear. the qwerty keyboard is useless and there was no point in it whatsoever. it blocks voice signal

The phone is good for its price, but the internet provider has to be AT&T else it will not work

Did not work with my carrior(t-mobile).  Would not let me receive or send pictures.  Would be careful about unlocked phones next time.

I seen all the reviews. I thought this product was awesome...then I put my SIM card in and tried to hook it up with straight talk and the say the phone is blocked. Wth?? So I called AT&T and found out that the phone is stolen. So it's a waste of Time. I DO NOT recommend this phone to anyone!!!

I bought this phone now going on two weeks, features are great, works great with my simple mobile sim card. Wish it had a bigger screen.

Recieved the phone, appears to have been used, I had ordered 2 phones like this one in new condition with everything intact a few days prior to ordering this phone from same vendor..This phone however was missing 2GB SD card and you could detect it had once had a Sim card installed due to scratched indicating so..the other two phones showed no signs of use, which is what I had expected with this one. Have not tried this phone to make sure it works as far as calling, it does however turn on. I like the phones as far as cost very good phone for price just wish I would of been informed I was getting a used product when It stated it was suppose to be new.

Phone works just find. Used phone during my visit to my home country Nigeria. Just put in SIM Card and start using. I am still enjoying this phone and cost is very good.

Has a lot of bugs with its applications.  Does have a long battery life.  Doesn't break easily if you drop it.

I finally got my phone, and when I turned it on it went straight to the emergency dial lock screen. It says that its unlocked, but its definitely not. How do you get out of that? Not too satisfy about it. Its nice and a has a great look to it but the emergency dial lock screen is annoying. Any ideas how to get rid of that?

The screen freezes frequently.  Phone drops calls. Sometimes calls fail during communications.  My experience with this phone is  very negative

I had to purchase a new phone because the screen shattered on my HTC Inspire 4G and I didn't want to spend $125 on a replacement phone that wasn't exactly what I wanted.I've always wanted a full keyboard phone that had a decent OS installed on it. I saw this on Amazon,looked at the reviews and then did more research on it. Heat wise, its fine. I work in a kitchen and usually it's around 125-130 on a good day and the phone still works fine for me. I noticed once that the battery itself was getting a bit hot, but that's because one of my brothers put it near the stove.My only gripe is sometimes the touch screen is a little iffy. But once you know where to touch to make it go where you want it to, it's perfect

This was a great deal on an android smart phone. Product was new and complete but it was not up to date on the firmware. When I first got the phone and turned it on it called the police (911) three times in a row. There is an emergency call button on the home screen so if it is in your pocket and the menu button is pressed, it will call 911. With up to date firmware the emergency button is only on the lock screen so I turned the lock off and it works great with no emergency button. Good luck and it is a great phone now.

I loved this phone for the time that it lasted but i have terrible luck with phones and shattered the screen. The memory on it isnt that great but i loved everything else about it. I would definitely recommend this phone.

This phone is exactly what I was looking for.  I mainly have a cell phone for use away from home and travel.  I wanted one that could do things that a smartphone could do, but without having to pay for a pricey data plan.  My monthly bill is $20(old unicel plan that has carried over) plus tax and I only use internet features where wi fi is available. This phone is a great value for the price ($80) and has many of the features the more expensive phones have.The only problem I have experienced is the battery life does not last long. I have gone through the settings to minimize things that use up the battery.  I have ordered a spare battery to keep on hand and I keep a charger set up at home and in the car.

I bought this phone February 2013 from  TABLET DISTRIBUTORS, and even though it was advertised as unlocked, it really wasn't and had to go through some trouble to unlock it first. But since then, it has been working fine. Before that I was a PlamTreo enthusiast, at least until the last one, a Palm Pro with Windows Mobile, a lousy OS. So this is my first Android experience, along with aCoby Kyros 8-Inch Android 4.0 4 GB Internet Tablet 4:3 Capacitive Multi-Touchscreen with Built-In Camera, Black MID8048-4. Overall it is an excellent phone, specially regarding its price.I read a lot of reviews complaining about the battery. This has not been my experience at all. With a full charge, it will last the whole day until night time, about 12 hours, even with calls, WiFi and data ussage. Nevertheless, there are a few drawbacks. It has very low internal memory, so there will be a few inconvinients if you install many or memory-costly additional apps. There is also a problem with its WiFi: it will often disconnect from a network, eventhough there is enough signal strength and from time to time you will have tu turn it off and then on again so it reconnects. Nothing to serious, though.

It was sleek, easy to use and accommodated my fat fingers. Was old school yet modern. I recommended to my friends.

I bought one for myself, and after the first week I was soing everything with it, reviewing my presentation, keeping in touch with friends and family in a really well organized fashion, show it off to my cousin and they both fell in love with it. last but not least the price is awesome

it does work well enough I guess, my old one would go black on me, so I bought this new one, now it decices when to shut itself off next time around may be lookin into an Iphone

Telephone 100 original% Sharp and this Liberated one for Any Operator of Telephone and he/she lifts 3g in Venezuela for Movistar, Movilnet and Digitel stops 2g

I love this phone. Not only does it do what I wanted it to but more. I loved the price for it and love that I can use it with minimal issues.

I would love to have this phone because it is a flip phone and my friend Makenzie has it Peace

Is everything it says it is. it is very well made very durable. I love it, am very glad I bought this phone.

The phone I bought in the month of January 2013 for my daughter lives in India, but the phone's audio does not work hence it has become useless as cell phone, Internet browsing can be done, I never expected from a company like you could do this to me, the phone has been kept useless in India.. See if you can do some thing for me, direct the Company to refund the amount if possible...

worst phone every. dont buy it spend a little more money and get somethong with more gb's. The phone cannot do anything, terrible idea to buy this phone.

I had two of these phones and they both broke super fast, but I guess that's what I get for trying to go the cheap rout on a smart phone.

I do not recommend always freezing. Dials numbers by its self. Cant see picture messages. Do not buy total waste of money.

I like my sharp  phone because it came on the expected date, and it works fine and it was properly packed.

i chose this rating because i love the phone. i love how its a slide phone. soo much better then my old phone

This phone was for my wife and we had a bit of difficulty when we first slipped in the sim card. I called the customer service number on the order and had a tremendous experience. He assured me the card was unlocked. But if I was unhappy, or could not get it to operate in Europe, he would be happy to replace it and any/all shipping charges. So I took it to the carrier here and were told Sorry. it will not work. Them I carried it to a repairment shop that got it working there, at no charge, and told me what was wrong. So back to the original carrier, but a different store with an experienced desk person. An hour later, and no charges, and it was working. My wife loves this phone. Very simple, great response, all she wanted and needed in a phone, and so easy to set up. Great phone, and dealer. No regrets after the first two weeks.

it's great, the phone works great I am happy with this purchase and recommend them all correct spot ... regards

Amazingly , since I bought it I still can't receive any codes from the unlock companies online. Oops I don't know what will come next? I am afraid I will lose my money.

Pros:-Facebook/Youtube-Email-Decent QWERTY keyboardCons:-doesn't come with a timer/stopwatch-constantly running out of space-Locked phone with password= numerous unintended 911 calls  &#62;:(-Discontinued= can't find a decent phone case-Low battery life (have to charge 2-3 times daily)-Camera sucks! :(-Screen sometimes freezes (especially when a message comes through)

I like this phone.  For some reason the picture on Amazon isn't correct.  It shows a different version.  Needless to say this is actually better.  This is a gift for someone who needs a better phone.

I love the phone easy to manage, Battery doesn't last long and  you can not play candy crush on this phone.

I choose to rat this phone as excellent because it has lived up to my expectations. I purchased it for my 8 year old son and he is loving it. He claims that it is like having a phone and a mini android tablet in one device.and I agree. Great sound and graphics. The wifi works gust fine and independently of any data plan. I recommend this phone to anyone who needs a simple mobile phone and a mini android tablet in one package.

First I receive was great condition like new but have some faults,star showing messages of no enough memory I only use it for essential no apps or anything never have a Sharp phone before, I contact direct to the supplier great service got instructions for return no charge and exchange for a brand new one same item fast delivery.I'm content.

Okay, is a good phone for android amateurs and others...I enjoy using it because it does what I expect it to do but the only problem is that, the phone restarts when you make a long(duration) call.

This cell phone was received on time, no dents or scratches, works perfectly good, the only con that &lt;i have is that the pictures that it takes are a little blurry , the rest is ok and I would recomend it to other customers, thank you.

It was a christmas gift for my daughter she love's it.works great, looks just like the picture.I want to get one for myself

So i am going to travel to china during summer and i can't use my iPhone there cuz i currently have contract with ATT and that would be expensive, so i decide to have a local card. and this is a really good and cheap temporary substitution. and it's really good for travel cuz one fully charged battery can last you for really long time. but the phone memory is only 512 mb. which is tinny in nowadays. so if you use it for long term usage. it might piss you off cuz it always telling you there is no enough space left. but it is really cheap. i only spend 60 dollar including shipping. so it's good. PLUS it comes with a 2GB flash card. but still applications need to take up space on the phone even you install them on SD card.

I sent the phone as a b'day gift. My nephew loves it. Don't know much about the item itself, I heard a good report about it.

The phone is okay but only problem is the incoming call sound is so low, I like the keyboard,  thanks

I just recieved this phone to replace two previous phones Ive ordered since April 2013, I received it as promised, the service was great, I got the phone on Friday June 7, 2013, it stopped working on Friday June 14, 2013. Is it me, or Am I just a magnet for receiving pieces of s*** that stop working in the most inopportune times, Im in law enforcement and the phone stopped working last night for no reason, while sitting on my desk! Now I have to buy another phone, but I will go to a store now and stop all my future ordering from Amazon because Im not getting killed on the street because another piece of s*** doesnt work, damn, this is the third time since April. Sorry, Ill pass no more for me, as far as Im concerned, Amazon is just like Walmart now, selling cheap ass junk. I think Ill go and get ripped off at the Verizon or Apple store now. Good day and Good bye! Just give me my Prime member refund.

Not bad for the price. It has poor memory space and the battery doesn't last very long at all.  A battery saver app is much needed with this phone as any other phone. Surely can't be used for downloading games, hell I can't even download angry birds for my kid to play. Good phone just for talking and basic things.

Phone has the operating system but was not unlocked and cant read sim card or have any phone memory0om CS called me to erase my last rating but did not resolve the issue with the phone

This phone was for my 10 year old daughter and this is actually her feedback. The phone has good apps and keyboard.  The phone has good storage and battery life.

I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone this phone was screwed up when it arrived at my house and just keeps getting worse.

Picture quality is bad good for a boy  who do not care for not talking picGirls wouldn't be happy about this phone for the pic quality is bad

The user complain that the battery does not last long after charging. She uses for just one call and everything off.

I had to buy a cheap phone as a temporary backup until my phone was found. Knowing it was a cheap phone I wasn't expecting much from it as I only wanted to use for it texting. To my surprise I was not pleased with it at all. It seemed very slow and laggy. I'm used to more current technology Id say and maybe that's why this phone just didn't get the job done. I don't recommend it.

good phone if all you need is to talk and few apps  has horrible battery life and very little internal phone memory have a 16GB sd card in mine and none gets transferred over to help internal memory.  Do not download many apps phone can't handle it

THIS PHONE  &#34;SUCKS&#34; DON'T BUY THIS PHONE IS SO HARD TO GET IT TO WORK!!!! THIS PHONE GAVE ME STRESS!!!!! I REALLY DON'T LIKE THE CALL 911 BUTON IS RIGHT ON THE SCREEN ITS EASY TO TOUCH THE  911 BUTON!!!! BUYER BEWARE!!!!

dont bother data dosent work half of the apps dont work and the touchscreen is horrible. its a throw away phone after a week.

The phone is too slow and it freezes every now and then,  I can hardly answer all my calls. The internal memory is also very small for Android.

I bought this for my 14yr old brother and since he got it he has not put it down for a day. great choice

easy to use and works great. good quality for calls and easy to text with the keyboard... will recommend to

The phone was alright looking; it was not calibrate correctly so it would not work 100 % of the time. Also the battery would be low within 2 hours.. I ended up using the phone once; the company would not respond to me to have it returned. So I ended up giving it to a friend for FREE and she donated it to Best Buy electronic waist; it was that bad.

Buy several phones and 60% have left me troubled defective operating system, micro SD memory read, I'm in another country and I can not return to be covered by the warranty, NOT recommend them.

Had phone for about two weeks, after the first week phone was great, but then it started to turn off by itself.  Returned phone, and I am looking for different phone at this time.

you get what you pay for, but on the first day ive had my phone, it crashed and everything on my sd card got corrupted.

i bought this phone and iam  content the way it works. the screen is clear and  the battery can besustained for long hours.i like it. i am recommending it for everyone.aboveall its affordable.it has almost everything iexpected and wanted. for the first time i have gotten an android phonewith an excellent price and everything thing i wished for. the volume is good and it has a micro sd slot.

Arrived quickly and looks and works great.  I mostly use it for talking and some texting and I have been very pleased.

This phone was exactly what I was looking for to replace a 2nd cell phone line. After my mom died 2 years ago, I decided to keep her phone # as my second cell line and was looking to replace it with a newer phone. I did NOT want to get a phone that requires a data plan, though. Most 4G phones do require you to have a data plan, whether or not you use it.This phone fit the bill, exactly. The ONLY negative thing about this phone is the internal phone storage. The Android/Google apps take up most of the phone space, along with the APK setup files for those, which cannot be moved or deleted.That appears to be the only drawback to this phone.Touch screen is extremely sensisitve, and I now have 2 of these phone, got one for my niece and a friend, and they are ALL very sensitive, so I don't know what people's gripes are about the touch screen.If you want a phone that does NOT require a data plan get this one. It works fine. You can't find ANY cases to put the phone in, though. DON'T get the SKINOMI. It's NOT a case, they're adhesive stickers that just are stuck onto the phone.If the phone had MORE internal storage space, I'd give it 5 stars. And it DOES support 32 gb SD cards.

its a good phone but its a att unlocked phone we're using on t mobile the issues are you can not end text out but you can receive them. im not sure it the second phone does this also. T mobile can't fix the issue because its a att phone.  its rear that this occurs. bu it can happen stick to your carrier phones. unless its a high end phone ie ipone or galaxy S4 which unlocked works with alll gsm carriers.

I ordered this product since my older cell was acting up. I ordered this a little over a month ago and it is starting to act crazy. My text messages don't come through, the screen constantly freezes, the storage space is very, very, VERY limited, and it would hang up my calls in the middle of a conversation. I had to just switch back to my old phone. Waste of money.

This phone was a piece of junk att store told me that the memory in the phone will not even hold the pre loaded apps. Therefore my phone would not recieve texts so I returned it

this phone has a number of issues that a new phone should not experience! It freezes for no apparent reason and when you take it off the charger and take the battery out and turn it back on it will freeze again. It also has a problem when your charging it and it says it is charging and then you take it off the charger it is completely dead!

So i purchased this phone about 2-3 months ago. Everything about it was perfect, until 3 days ago it stopped working. The T-Mobile sign keeps diapering and the wifi isnt working, it keeps on saying error. I tried restarting it, but it deleted EVERYTHING that was on my phone, and STILL didnt work. I payed 60 bucks for this, either i get my money back, or you tell me how to fix it. Im very disappointing in this company. I am now phone less.  And i've read other reviews that sound similar to mine. SO FIX IT.

I highly recommend this Android. It's so easy to learn to use, and it does exactly what I need it to do, and so much more! The only thing that I didn't care for was the size of the micro sd, a 2g. I suggest getting a larger size one of maximum phone performance.

I got this phone from Amazon.com, I need a phone can be on internet with all WiFi in all domestic airports.  So far this phone offer all need functions, texting is an pleasure the sliding keyboard is easy to use( better than some other LG phone), the blue tooth function is easy to connect with all different types of devices.  The speaker phone function is a little bit of working( only work when the call is connected). and it comes with a 3.5 mm jack so you can plug in with standard earphone not like some Samsung or LG must purchase their earphones( with 2.5 mm jacks)the WiFi function is easy to use, and fast.  Specially when you use gmail or Hotmail. ( somehow yahoo mail have some trouble to set them up).it has plain looking, which is good, nobody probably will steal it. slightly heavy(for the bright side, you always feel and know where is the phone when in the pockets of your coat or jeans. it comes with a easy finding USB charger can even get from any Big lots stores.  The USB to computer is automatic plus the SD card can expand up to 32GB.if you just want a cell phone with all normal function( not for phone TVS, Phone games). it is a reliable phone with daily requirement.  and it is cheap, durable. you can also get a cell phone pouch from Wal mart of 9 dollars only.  the only big problem is AT&T; automatically detect your phone and ask for a smart plan!( some other off market smart phones, ATT has difficulties to detect them). other than this is a good replace cell phone for those don't want cost an arm and a leg with 2 years new contract just to get a new smart phone.

I ordered this for my little brother and he loves it. The price is great for me and he got an Android phone.

This is a sorry excuse for a &#34;smartphone&#34;. It's slow, it freezes up for no apparent reason, the internal storage is a joke, and it's just an all around crappy phone. Don't waste your time or money buying this piece of crap. You'll regret it instantly.

It was a gift to my brother. He likes it and grateful for buying it for him. He said it works well.

The phone is great, in good condition (physically), however I'm unable to make and receive calls, the name of the carrier still comes up on the screen, but if I cannot make calls or send and receive texts messages then it really makes no sense. The wi-fi does not work, each time I try to turn it on 'error' comes up. I am really distraught by my purchase of this product, I will definitely have to take it elsewhere to try get this problem fixed, if it can be fixed.

Never buy this product. It is a waste of money.I purchase this phone in January and now in October the phone has gone totally dead.Buttons on the phone light up but the phone itself is completely dead.I even tried connecting it to my computer and it is not detected.I bought this phone from Tablet Distributors and they won't even offer a rebate or discount.I'm very disappointed and won't ever purchase from Sharp or Table Distributors. They suck !

I've struggled with finding the perfect phone for nearly a year now and I must say I think I found it. I'm constantly sending emails and as much as I loved my LG900G I really needed to upgrade. Prior to using the LG900G I had the iPhone 3G but after a terrible experience with Apple .. I went to prepaid. Net10 has really okay phones but failed to offer a plan that fit my needs.I was a bit skeptical about purchasing this phone because after seeing many reviews about this phone I've learned that some have unresponsive touch screens ( but what android phone doesn't ?) . I've had this phone for nearly a week and it's really great! It takes amazing pictures and has good voice quality, the texting is fast with the SWIPE keyboard makes it a bit faster. The messenger has a bit of a time keeping up with me since I speed text. The phone was fully unlocked and came with a charger adapter, USB/storage cable, battery, and the original AT&T; box with instruction manual. Phone had no marks, scratches, smudges, or anything on it. I flashed this over with T-Mobile I use the $25 monthly plan since I mostly use wifi for my data and I have apps for texting and talking with friends. The only downside for this is there's not a case for it which sort of sucks ( I've seen a few on Amazon but they were like $15 and not in any colors I would like). I would recommend a screen protector though since it attracts dust and fingerprints very quickly. Also, when I showed it to family members and friends they could not believe the price I paid for it ( a little over $85) vs top of the line phones ranging $400 and up?

The phone either has a major problem or it's just a terrible phone. It just keeps freezing for no reason

The phone lasted me a long while. I finally left it behind and upgraded but I didn't regret the purchase. Don't know if it would be a good purchase in the present time because some apps are no longer available on this phone. That's why I finally upgraded. The phone was becoming a dinosaur compared to whats out now.

overall it is a great phone.. i have no issues with this one, in fact i am looking to purchase another

A good price for a full featured, solid built cell phone. The only problem is it don't stand up to every day use. Something needs teek,ing in the unit.

Never ever again, I woukd not recommend this to any one, it dies not go in the internant and  cant read the messages.

Bought this for my son who had broken his previous phone.  Pros: Phone calls and text messaging seem to work fine.  Cons: Battery dies quickly and cannot send or receive picture messages.  The price is so low compared to other phones out there, so I guess it's worth the problems for the price you pay.

My teenage son bought this phone. He loves it. Its fast and very user friendly. The keys are raised and large enough to function with ease. Great product!

ordered for hubby he loves it. Takes some getting use to he said , but he tells all his friend where we ordred it and how much he likes the phone will defiantly order from them again

This is a great product for the price asking for by this company. I have ordered several for my employees because they just love it for work and does everything we need to do as a company and in the field.This company has exceed my expectations concerning this product. Sometimes new phones is not the best solution. Invest your money in company's like this one who offer a quality product even if it's refurbished.

My wife's old Samsung cracked and she could no longer see the screen. I ordered this phone based off the reviews. It is still an functioning phone, but touch screen sometimes does not work and we must take the battery out for screen to start working again. Other than that little flaw she likes the phone for easy texting.

This phone is very nice but the battery runs down in less than one hour.I thought it was battery error and ordered another battery but when it arrived, the result was thesame.I was very disappointed.

This is the real. I got the phone delivered on Monday. This product worked perfectly fine. All you need to do is just install the sd card and sim card. Got it for $60. Phone is very sleek. Phone design with touch screen and keyboard, so you can slid the screen to use the keyboard. Cheap alternative to iphone, and samsung galaxy. Make sure to charge all the time.

its because of the bad battery life, i had to give it 2 stars. otherwise this phone is awesome and easy to handle!

The battery life was really bad on mine. i turned it on in the morning around 9 am and about 6 hours of not even using it, it was already dead. I don't recommend this phone.

This is my first smart phone! I had to have a slide out keyboard due to all of the texting I do and I love that it is unlocked so I have some flexibility as to my phone carrier. I love this phone. I stuck an old sim card in it just so I could use some of the features until I do get a carrier and I love all of the apps I can download on it.

For this price, is the best that anybody could find. 100% recommended. and the slide qwerty keyboard is very confortable.

Just to be clear, this is a PRODUCT REVIEW and not Amazon specific.I purchased a Sharp FX Plus from a wireless store and the if it was anywhere near any kind of heat (body heat or a window) the thing would continuously dial the emergency numbers by itself when the lock screen was enabled. So you couldn't put it in your pocket at all! I had the phone master reset twice, they tried removing the 911 number but it was locked by the software so I added additional emergency numbers but then the phone would call ALL the emergency numbers. If you don't have privacy issues and the lock screen isn't necessary... you will be fine. Through my phone provider we tried replacing the phone itself, thinking it was THAT phone, but the new Sharp called 911 the day after initializing. We then tried replacing the SIM card, thinking it may have been corrupt, two days after replacing the card it dial 911 three different times. I immediately requested a different model phone and I no longer have that problem. If you find that you have this problem... be careful because the police dept CAN and WILL fine you for these calls because they are considered prank calls.On a side note, Amazon is awesome!

This is a good alternative to the more pricey phones. The on-screen keyboard used sideways is so nicely sized that there is hardly any need to slide open. Nice size for the pocket. Suggest stopping at the AT&T store for a GoPhone card for economical use. Sound quality is excellent as reported by a call recipient.

perfect phone for basic use , nothing so great but ok , it does the work , kind of slow when browsing but be patient.thanx amazon.

The battery on this phone came close to having a catastrophic failure.  When it failed after only two months of light usage, the battery was bulging in the middle which is a sign of a defective battery with internal shorts.  Often, this can cause the battery to heat up and suffer a &#34;thermal runaway&#34; which is what causes them to catch on fire.  The phone itself functions OK, but it's a bit on the slow side.  The replacement battery was under $10.

Its amazing, it arrived on time, didn't had any issue with the purchase.Great deal for a texting phone. I jut put my Sim on it and worked right away!

Bought this as a gift. Basic functions are Working as stated, however sound quality is poor especially in speaker mode making hands free problematic. Would have 5 stars except sound quality is so poor.. words garbled.

It texts great but it has no sound on calls, I have to use my old phone. It's a hassle to do.

Its good, but not the best phone n the world. It does not have much memory built in. At all.

works great!! love the option of touch screen and keyboard. been a constant buyer of iphone's, upgrading them every two years so the transition from apple to android was a bit hard for me but love this product

This product is terrible, please beware. only worked for  a few days, after that, it turns on and off on its own, when its on, it freezes constantly. It was a Christmas gift for my pre-teen, but she is disappointed and frustrated with the product.

It worked fine until the third week that it started to mulfunction. Restarting it self or keep shutting down every 20 mins. Battery gone hot and ran out very fast.

I love this phone! Wonderful price, and it was still brand new in the box! It came with everything I needed. Very pleased!!!

I gave this a 5 because, it was a good price for a cheap phone. Of course the phone was broke within 2 months but I think that was because of my husband and not the phone itself. I recommend this phone for anyone who need something cheap.

Phone is working perfectly with no problem. It is serving the purpose why i bought it. The features looks perfect.I love it

i really like this phone its very convenient to write in the querty keyboard and it also has the access to write in the screen also i really recommend it.

Good phone. It has enough processor power to handle the OS version.Replaced an LG phone has this same OS but was very slow. The sharp has a good touch screen response and keyboard. Only negative is battery life, while using it sucks a lot of power. Word of advice, turn off network services immediately unless you have lots data on your plan.  Very good value for the money.

Good phone, no complaint at all. it has a bright screen and keeps battery power. easy to use and light

1) Did not feature an FM radio as the Amazon description indicates. This was an important feature that I wanted.2) The phone I received was not an unlocked phone. I tried using it with two SIM cards with active accounts on two different carriers. Neither one worked. I've set up SIMS to work with unlocked phones before, and it should have worked if was unlocked.3) Amazon needs to do a better job of ensuring that products sold by different vendors accurately match up with product descriptions. Customers should not have to go through the inconvenience of making a return if the product they received was as they expected in the first place.4) With regard to point 1, I even sent an email to the vendor using Amazon's email contact method to get clarification/confirmation. I was contacted by a rep, but I'm 98% sure it was from off-shore reps of Amazon (no disrespect to Ranvijay S., and Jagan R.), and not a contact directly from the vendor with any actual technical knowledge of the product. When asked about the FM feature, here is part of the reply I got: "I checked it on our website and can confirm that the phone has FM Radio included.". Duh, I can read the website! But if the website is wrong, what good does that do anybody?I suppose if you want a really cheap Android phone as a backup (which is what I wanted it for) its probably decent. But you need to confirm with the vendor that it's been unlocked if you want to use it on another carrier besides AT&T.; Good luck.

We bought this phone - and literally the day after we started using it, the screen started flickering and looking funny, then it wouldn't even start at all. We took it back to the store where we bought it, and they said it was a bad battery and replaced with a new battery.No joke, less than TWO WEEKS later, the phone completely died again! This time I have no idea if it's the battery again or something else, but I give up. This crappy phone is not worth buying or using. Never have I experienced such a useless piece of "technology." Save your money and get something else.

Decent working phone, did not come with a 2GB SD card, and the phone has very little useable space. Screen works shotty when plugged in to the charger. However, I hav had no issues with working apps, nor using the phone as a whole.

I recently recieved the Sharp FX PLus and so far I love the phone. It works great and storage on it is great. Great deal

Very nice and easy to operate but unable to download picture messages Tried taking to AT&T store but they couldnt help. SIM csrd is T-Mobile and they couldnt help either

Bought this phone for my fiance because his took a crap. It would be nice to know what size sim card it takes in the description.

I hate this phone.  I haven't even had it a month and it no longer works!!  It shut off several times a day the whole time I had it and it would only turn back on after taking the battery out and putting it back in.  I am very dissatisfied!!

Good product for its price... Unlocked, with Android 2.2, good camera and wi-fi.I recommend this product because is good for its price...

Junk!! I ordered 2 of these, I for my daughter and one for myself. I sent mine back because it kept freezing and so far I have received no refund. Now my daughters phone is freezing and the battery has to be removed to restart the phone.

I LOVE THIS PHONE. Wouldn't change anything about it!  It was cheap and very fast to come and it worked right away.

Got this phone - excellent shipping and delivery by the way.  The phone holds it's charge just fine... the problem is that it locks up HARD every day... and requires a serious factory reset to get it back.  Removing the battery and reinserting it doesn't solve it.  It won't boot back up.  I need to do the old 'Hold the Sym button and the Power button together' trick (http://www.hard-reset.com/sharp-fx-plus-ads1-hard-reset.html) - which wipes out all data.  :( I'm going to return it a look for something else.

Low battery life, easily accidental 911 calls, non-upgradable to latest Android software, 2MP camera (not 3MP), slow, horrible WiFi.It is the very VERY basic 'smart' phone. However, I find it more annoying than useful.I used less than 1 hour of WiFi a day and the battery doesn't last throughout the day.There is an emergency call button on the lock screen and in the first two weeks that I had it, I made 3 accidental 911 calls.After installing 4 apps (Chase, GoogleVoice, Pandora, and 1Password) the phone became very slow and sometimes non-responsive.The WiFi would also get dropped so often, that I had to wait 1 minute for it to reconnect.The one and best thing about this phone is its touch screen, which is very responsive to natural touch and gestures.

Works fine I love it I needed a new phone I'm glade I got this one it has a full key bored n head phone plus to listen to music n memory card slot love it

This is a beautiful looking phone, feels good in the hand, loved the slide keyboard. But it stopped working. At this point it cannot be returned.

This is a great phone for my teenage son. If you are looking for a phone for talking, texting, and playing games, this is a good one. It came promptly and setup was simple, I will probably order one for myself.

at first I was sketchy on getting this phone from the reviews I read but since ive got this phone I am very pleased with it and all it can do love the wifi no extra fews for data on bill and my tmobile card worked it as if it was made for I have had no problems with this phone works wonderfully and I would recommend this phone for anyone looking for a cheap dependable android phone 1 other thing get a sreen protector wish I would of when I got it but I will now lol  finger prints add up on the screen

The phone was nice but did have a few issues such as the screen turning black every now and then. Also the text messaging screen was messed up but fixed itself after a few days. I think the phone was refurbished but it was ok overall. No scratches or anything. It's a really nice phone.

This phone is just bad....I like the key board, but the rest is horrible.  Touch screen too sensitive, battery dies super quick, takes forever to charge, mixes up phone contacts.  Don't know what to say except its the worst phone I have had yet and I have gone through maybe 10-12 phones in my lifetime.

I wanted an inexpensive unlocked cell phone with a qwerty keyboard.  This one meets all my needs plus it is smaller than most smartphones and lightweight to carry in a pocket.  It was delivered on time - even early - well packaged and in the original box with the accessories as promised.

I don't find any problem with it. It's OK, but I wouldn't necessarily by another one because you can get better phones at the same price, like the Pantech Pocket.

Great phone as far as general usefulness goes with two great exceptions. The stupid way Sharp engineered the emergency call feature to almost be required to trigger when you first activate the phone. Updating the op system solves this little pecaidillo but what makes this phone almost useless is its pathetic battery life. This phone can't even be powered on and be expected to last even 12 hours before failing totally. If this lived up to its claimed stand by time it would be acceptable but I will give strong warning to even casual users who do more than the occasional text of facebook check that you wll be sadly disappointed in its lackluster performance......a surprise too seeing this is really an Ericsson made device. Run....do not walk away from this phone!!!

I wanted a phone with a louder ring than my HTC G-1.  It doesn't have it.  I am now hearing this is a problem with android.  Other than that I am happy with the phone.

I wanted to like this phone...really. I wanted to like it so much I tried three different phones, and the last one was the worst. I could watch the batteries on all three phones slowly lose power after only a few moments.  Even the  battery I bought in hopes of improving battery life didn't help. The last phone would shut off by itself. Aps I had loaded would not show up on the screen. I thought I had a bad micro sd card and tried another one. It's just a bad phone.

I didn't get my fone off here but I did get mines at tmobile with tmobile service all and all its a great fone expect the battery won't charge up to 100% it stops at 98 maybe its just my fone is anyone else fone does that? Its a grreat fone ppl

Phone is fast compared to the old samsung solstice that I had and the previous Droid Device that I had (Coby Kryos), the only thing that is not very good in that it internal memory is only about 200mb which is no where near enough for me.

Any picture taken with the camera is blurred and cannot be previewed. Sending text messages is difficult/stopped,  you have turn the phone off  most the times to recover from irregular hanging and freezing of the touch screen features. All these started after six months from the date of purchase.
