
Bellissimo my phone is really more than I expected something great, beautiful, charming and exquisite  and it is super fast

please need goodnight Product invoice if possible send me via email. thanksbuenas noches necesito que me envien via email la factura de la compra, gracias

The telephone's charger came working bad. This device doesn't charge the battery of my telephone, but I think that the accesories and telephone most be tested at the shop.

Package included: Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus Cell Phone (International Version - Unlocked), White Earphones, Mini-USB to USB Cable and Quick Start Guides (English & Spanish).This is my second smartphone (also bought in Amazon) and it's working fine with Movistar's network EDGE/3G (Ecuador, South America). Definitely, Android is an upgrade over the Blackberry OS.PROS: I'm pleased so far with: Android OS, 1Ghz Processor, 3GB Internal Storage, 5.0 MP Camera and Google Play Store.I'm really satisfied with the Google's sync capabilities. I use a couple gmail accounts and I browse with Google Chrome in my PC, so I can sync everything on the cloud (e-mail, calendar, contacts, documents, maps, etc). In other words,  I can access  my info anywhere and anytime.CONS: I think the antenna signal could have a better reception. maybe it's the 3G network... Samsung's accesories build quality feel kind of cheap compared to Blackberry accesories. Also, I couldn't find enough accesories in Ecuador, you better buy those in Amazon.I fully recommend this seller (BLUTEKUSA). They delivered it as advertised and fast ;)

A good entry level factory unlock smart phone. Works well in Europe and USA with any carrier that use GSM.

Now it 'a doesn't work will and it's so slow, but I don't liked because it's so bad and boring.

The cell phone's size is fit to my style. It is not too large or too small for average people. It meets my requirements for GPS map, Browser, E-mails. It runs smootly and very good in response. It is quick in start up, has a lot of internal memory for apps. Single core 1GHz processor is pretty good for a mobile device like this.

This is my second one (the other was stolen en Venezuela at gunpoint), and I love it.  Works great on the network here, and is all i need in a phone.  Highly recommend it!

The phone is in perfect condition, works very well for the company Movistar Venezuela. All functions are working well. The only problem I've seen is the battery as it discharges very fast even when not in use by any application. For the rest, I am very fascinated with the cell

This phone was apparently manufactured for Telstra in Australia, and they must have locked down a bunch of functionality.  I tried to set this phone up for use in Israel, and there was no way to update for Hebrew support.  Also, was absolutely unable to upgrade from Gingerbread to Jellybean OS.  Do not buy if you want to use this with another language outside of the US.

Is a very good Android phone by a reasonable price. If (like me) you don't need the state of art (the top technology with the last Android version, and a mini computer which make calls), this would be an excellent option of smartphone. Enough fast, a lot of apps capable, compact (some other models are so big that looks like you talk with a laptop in your ear). good hardware.The only one thing against: It comes with TIM (Italian phone carrier) boot animation and 5 not erasable TIM apps. but, what does it matter? the boot animation is changable, configure the phone with your local carrier settings is too easy, and the 5 TIM app icons...  I just ignore it. And, who knows...  maybe some day I could travel to Italy.

Galaxy Ace Plus is a great option, low cost, works well, and do anything you want. I recommend Ace PLus.

Hi, I'm from Venezuela and I wonder if this team works well here to Movilnet and Movistar. the same way that bands like to know if it really works and would arrive on February 19, 2013 at Tampas fl... sirve para movilnet aqui en venezuela?

This model is s7500t and not is band 1900 /2100. The band is 850 / 2100Please change the specifications

Este equipo cumpli&oacute; con mis expectativas al comprarlo, la transacci&oacute;n fue r&aacute;pida y se cumpli&oacute; con el tiempo de entrega

I purchased this smarphone, believing in what he says the product description says it has 3G Network HSDPA bands 850/1900MHz, which is my surprise to receive the package, this versiion, the S7500 brings 3G bands 900/2100 Mhz :-(.I had to buy another line, with another operator to use the smarphone, this product is poorly exposed in the description.

The phone is very well developed, brings no defects and is excellent, the only detail is that it works with the frequencies for 3G on 850/2100 and in Venezuela telephony operators do not use these frequencies, therefore not recommended frequencies that are posted are not the same that brings the phone, but as I said before this is the only detail that brought the team the rest of its features are perfect ...El telefono esta muy bien elaborado, no trae defectos y es excelente, el unico detalle es que trabaja con las frecuencias para 3G en 850/2100 y en Venezuela las operadoras de telefonia no usan estas frecuencias, por este motivo no se recomienda, las frecuencias que estan publicadas no son las misma que trae el telefono, pero como dije antes este es el unico detalle que trajo el equipo el resto de sus funciones estan perfectas...

Compare to the price the device is a perfect android device. It does let you do everything you would like to do in a smart phone. And the droid is fast enough to make you happy. If there was a front facing camera it would have been magical but look at the price. It won't allow you to get one with the price at least not today. Quality of the product is great. I would recommend the device for smart phone users.

Easy to understand the functions. Plan to use it with the sim card overseas but has no chance to try yet. See how it works

I liked the features this phone.However within the matter of one month two weeks of using the phone it just shut off and refused to power up.

el producto llego en excelente condiciones tal cual lo pedi, todo el tiempo fui informada de donde se encontraba. Gracias

Buena compra, todo ok, el producto llego en perfectas condiciones. este m&oacute;vil cumple con las necesidades b&aacute;sicas de un usuario de gama media. Recomendado

El producto es exactamente como lo describen. Ninguna queja! Funciona perfecto en Venezuela y lleg&oacute; en la fecha establecida. Muy contenta con la compra

So far, so good with this phone.  I've had it for a couple of weeks and it's done everything I've asked it to.  It took a little getting used to but I'm very happy with it.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono es muy r&aacute;pido y de buena calidad, solo que con algunas operadoras en mi pa&iacute;s no levanta 3G ni HSDPA solo 2G.

I just loved the cellphone, it's easy to manage and it has a lot of apps tha are very useful. I would totally recomend it!!!

Not able to get local provider to provide service due to phone being foreign. Very disappointed that not able to use this phone.

The phone says they are selling can work with HSPA 900 not yet shipped with this feature only works with 850 so they gave me a different phone that is on the page and I can not use I had to sell it to someone else

Muy feliz con mi cel, tengo lo que necesito, es liviano practico. Muy contenta, excelente la camara. Con los juegos corre sin problema. Maravilloso

beautiful product with necessary features that meets my needs.It works very well with the internet and easy to handle.

I bought this phone and 2 or 3 weeks after the software damage, so I had to pay extra money to skilled people to recover the cell phone, the repair was very expensive and the worst is that its a NEW PHONE. I consider unfair.

DESPU&Eacute;S QUE PASE LA MALA EXPERIENCIA DE NO RECIBIR MI PAQUETE A TIEMPO DEBIDO A QUE UN VENDEDOR YA NO DISPON&Iacute;A DE CELULARES PARA LA VENTA, AMAZON MUY GENTIL PROCEDI&Oacute; A AYUDARME A CONSEGUIR OTRO EQUIPO, AL COMPRAR NUEVAMENTE Y RECIBIR EL PAQUETE PUDE NOTAR QUE EL TEL&Eacute;FONO ES MUY LENTO, SE QUEDA BLOQUEADO Y SIN SE&Ntilde;AL. A MI GUSTO MUY MALO.

This unlocked cell phone was a failure never take 3G or HSDPA 900 / 2100 only HHz was compatible with GSM. Company Telef&oacute;nica and Samsung told me what an Assembly phone and you don't have original parts. The others; Camera 5MP, 2592 x 1944 pixels with autofocus and LED flash; GPS, MP3/MP4 players; Document editor; Image editor; Google applications; Calendar; Picasa integration and predictive text (Swype).3,65 &#34;TFT capacitive touch screen, 320 x 480 pixels;&#34; 3GB of internal storage, 512MB of RAM; everything works less the band 3G that I don't take at any time. Dreadful investment.

I recommend it. It's exactly what I need. Small and lightweight. Good pictures, good sound, great graphics and fast. I love it!

No se conecta en 3g para Movistar Venezuela&#8220; The description says HSDPA 850/1900 is not so in reality it is 850/2100 in my country Venezuela does not works with that frequency for 3g!

So far so good...device is doing ok as of today. It is not an amazing android based dellphone--you get what you pay for ....

I bought this phone to replace the Samsung Infuse 4G that I lost. Looking at the reviews and price, it seemed like this phone would give me a similar performance as my old phone but I was wrong. I have had this phone for less than a week now but I have experienced a lot of problems already. So my carrier is AT&T and I get full data bars when I am not using wifi however the phone will have a lot of connectivity problems when I use apps like YouTube. Sometimes the internet works, sometimes it doesn't or it takes forever to load. Twitter app just does not function at all for me on this phone. Oh by the way, this phone is loaded with a lot of useless apps. The charger that came with the phone did not work at all. I only get good internet connectivity if I am on a wifi network. Totally regret this purchase, I wish I had just bought another Samsung Infuse instead seriously.

i LOVE THIS PRODUCT IT DOES EVERYTHING I WANTED IT TO DO AND MORE. I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PHONE TO ANY ONE

I bought this phone for my son in Ghana so l can't say too much about it but, according to him, the phone really works good for. He has not said any other thing about it.

Once I switch on the phone, what I found inside that:one wall paper written in bengali (Indian) languagesome vodaphone (subscriber of indian mobile) software is already installed into this mobileeverytime i am switching on and switching off, the vodaphone logo is coming

At first I was suspicious of buying this phone but when I got my hands and I tried it, I was satisfied with this international version and the fact that the bands were unlocked, the latter mostly because I really needed use this phone with the local service dealer and it met all requirements!! Delivered on time in perfect conditions... I recommend it, buy it on Amazon!

excellent phone except that in Venezuela this series stands on 3G but not as you browse the bands are not supported here in Venezuela Other duties if it is faster

Good buy! I bought this for one person who is very satisfied. The phone does everything it's supposed to do. The only bad thing is the battery drains very fast.

I bought it for my father.He likes it very much.The phone is functioning perfectly well without any glitches

This Mobile is excelente Equipment, there to arrive aren't problem, sorry for my english, i'm begining to learn, my calification is very very good

This cell phone has been used to replace my Tmobile Motorola Razr phone and for overseas use in India. The transfer to Tmobile was transparent . Although I do not have a data plan, I was able to use my home wifi and other free wifi without any difficulty. Because of the quad band, I do not see any problem overseas using the local SIM . This product is from Australia, hence has Australian services -news, sports etc. I love many of the apps that comes with the phone.I would strongly recommend this to everybody  looking for a quad band cell phone.

I was a little surprised at the size and it seems to not function as well as my previous Samsung phones- not sure if it is just this model. It is a nice size and not as large and clunky and it has less buttons which can be a positive for someone who likes simplicity.

For the price it is a good smart phone.I wasn't expecting it to process like lighting nor was I expecting it to hold a ton of memory. Which was good because it does neither. What it does do is provide the basic features you'd expect of an android phone for a good price.The bummer is all the spam ware that comes with it. Mine apparently is from Australia and the default news, weather and sports all comes from the Land Down Under. There is no way to delete the firm ware from the phone so you just have to live with it.Other than that I have had it for seven months and have enjoyed its functionality and size. I use it mostly for texting, checking email and news. I tried playing a game on it and found it to be utterly unsuited for that.

When receive telephone box I could see that there was a label above the details the original specifications of the phone. However, I expected the phone correspond with what is offered by the seller. when I verified that it was not what I had bought, I applied for refund of the purchase and so far no one has contacted me to see the details of this problem ...The amazon customer service should review these cases and immediate response ... with this type of sellers that offer features of a product and send us another, we are losing credibility in the online shopping system.

I bought this phone for use in Peru and had no problems with it whatsoever. I was worried about being able to use the SIM card on the small cell phone I bought in Lima with the Galaxy, but it transferred all the data and worked immediately.No problems with the battery, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and the reception was better than most phones I tried out in Lima.

The purchase was great and the phone samsung is excellent and friendly.The seller was trustable and the product fullfilled my expectations

was not the product offered is an imitation that does not connect to the internet. only serves as a paperweight

The phone works super.  This was my first smart phone, and I was not familiar with the Android operating system.  When first turned on, everything was in Italian- which made me wonder how I was going to set it up.. Fortunately, I selected the gear icon and could see the language could be selected.  After selecting English, I was in business.  I had inserted a T-moble chip, and was able to get everything in operation.  I selected this phone so I could use it in Japan- haven't had a chance to use it there yet, but I don't think I'll have any problems.

I wanted a cell phone that was unlocked, had smart phone abilities and was at a reasonable price.  This seemed to look good but I was  not real keen on buying it sight unseen.  It has not disappointed me at all.  There is such a wide gap between the high end phones and reasonably priced smart phones.  This phone has a very good camera, sends and recieves text messages and has clear reception.  There are many other more advanced features which I will never use.  I like the size and it is relatively sturdy.  I bought a simple protective case that snapped on easily so I don't have to worry if I drop it.  I like how the OS thinks like I do.  Not much of a learning curve.  If you want a basic, intuative smart phone at a reasonable price this is the one.  I've had it a couple of months now and have zero regrets.

good price good product good presentation i recommend the product you can buy it several times excellent bran and you can be confident ok

cumple con lo indicado, funciona perfectamente, lo recomiendo 100 % buen equipo.gracias a ustedes cumplieron con la ventaExcelente

Phone is as advertised. I'm using it with a prepaid service with the carrier Vodaphone in Spain with not problems.

I bought the phone through Amazon and the first issue is that it came with a European charger.I spoke with the seller and was promptly sent an american charger at no cost.Recently I started to really use the phone and as luck would have it, the phone is giving trouble.The screen is constantly rebooting itself over and over again.Buy at your own risk.

La descripci&oacute;n descrita por el vendedor es distinta a la que recib&iacute;, ellos aseguran que el equipo m&oacute;vil trabaja con una plataforma HSDPA 850/1900MHz para 3G la cual en la caja del equipo que trabaja con 850/2100 y la empresa que me presta el servicio m&oacute;vil trabaja con 3G UMTS/HSDPA: 1900 Mhz por lo cual fue que realice la compra.Espero una pronta respuesta y modificaci&oacute;n de las descripciones del equipo para que nuevos clientes no sean afectados:C&eacute;sar Gonz&aacute;lezBarquisimeto-Venezuela

This is a nice phone with great features. The only problem I have is that at times I stop receiving calls and texts. When I realize it, I try to make a phone call but the phone shows me a message saying "mobile network not available". When that happens, I have to turn it off and turn it back on so I start receiving calls and texts again.

Warning: the frequency 3G (internet) of this smartphone is 900 and 2100. AT&T use 850 and 1900. T-Mobile uses 1700. Then, no goo for 3G  in T-Mobule ant A&T. For talking is good in both. For internet working only in edges, but is too slow.

Great product, exactly as described. Users from Venezuela, It works perfect with Movilnet and Movistar. If you want it for Digitel, it won't work on 3G. Great phone, I absolutely love iit!!

Excelente equipo, cumpli&oacute; todas mis expectativas, era lo que yo deseaba. muy buen tel&eacute;fono, lo recomiendo. Primera compra y estoy muy satisfecho

el telefono tal cal como se muestra sin nungun problema. el envio exitoso a tiempo. toda la oeracion fue excelente

This phone does almost everything I need.  The main thing missing that I'd like to have is a front camera, but for the price it's fine. I've only had it for a couple of months, but so far it has performed perfectly.

This product is all it is advertised.  I received it from Amazon prior to the expected arrival date in new condition.  It was in an unlocked condition so I can use it on any GSM network.  This is my first Android smartphone and so far it does everything I desire from a cellphone.  The screen resolution is good and the screen size, while only 3.65 inches is adequate for doing Emails and online websites. The phone size is perfect, not too big and not too small.  The 1Ghz processor speed is very fast also compared to the Nokia C6 I had before.  Samsung did an automatic update of the software (2.3 Gingerbread) the first time I went to their website.Calls are clear and texting is ok, though somewhat slow due to the small size of the screen and my large hands. I got spoiled using the slideout keyboard on the Nokia (unfortunately it broke after 18 months).  The 5mp camera takes great pictures.  A great phone and I highly recommend it for the price ($240) and quality.

New as advertised, and very prompt delivery. The phone works perfectly well, the only downside was the fact that the manual was in Spanish and not English.

Soooo cool. Easy to use, so customizable. Handy size. Especially in the hands of my girlfriend. Excellent piece of art. I seriously consider to replace my big S3 with this one. Perfect screen

Very great item, reasonable shipping rate. Speedy delivery. Although this item was for my daughter, I can say that she is very happy with it.

it is one odf the best phone and i ll always recommend it to people.it has alot of functions.great phone

This phone is awesome just what i wanted but, it constantly shuts down and uploads itself.  None of the suggestions from the tutorials I've viewed were successful, so i can't truly enjoy it!

wireless everything sent a mobile version with Australian 3G bands at 2100/850, which does not work in Venezuela, in article description they said so it works at 3G bands at 1900/850 but it does not that. I really annoying!

It is an excellent phone. With very good features. I really am very pleased with my purchase and the seller is responsible and reliable. I recommend it 100%

This phone works well with Straight-Talk service.  The only problem with the operation is that the internet features and apps are European.  Support is from Samsung.UK  instead of Samsum.com.  Otherwise, it does what I need to do!

Hi! in my opinion it is a good choice for a mid level phone.... very nice size, good speed. It was a gift for a relative and so far, she is happy with it.

This is an accesible, very nice looking piece of equipment. Considering the price I paid for it, I would say that it is excellent. Capabilities are not great, but enough to get by for a person of my use level.

The cell met my expectations, the only thing is that in my country (Venezuela), not connected on 3G with data from the operator, and thus loses its benefits and its technology, the rest of the Samsung GT-S7500 Galaxy Ace Plus . I like the interface, its screen size. The affordable price for those who can not spend beyond, by one more advanced, the conclusion fulfills everything you want from a smartphone

no he tenido ningun problema hasta ahora , llego a ala fecha que se esperaba, y todo muy bien muchas gracias....

very Good Product.... I love my new cellphone its so amazing and very usefull. met my expectations by now p

The description says HSDPA 850/1900 is not so in reality it is 850/2100 in my country (Venezuela)Is a scam.Do not buy it.Waste time and money.

The description says HSDPA 850/1900 is not so in reality it is 850/2100 in my country Venezuela no operator works with that frequency for 3g!

This phone has everything the modern person needs in a phone. Don't have any complaints. Talk-Txt-Web!!!! it does it all. Love Samsung!!!!!

This phone is a nice buy, it does practically everything. The fm radio feature that it comes with is amazing

the billing is fine, but it was my credit card for an amount greater.and report them inconvenient and I have not been solved yet. Buyers Beware!

I had to get used to the touch screen but now that I can use it, I like the idea of just sliding my fingers across the screen and lightly touching to get where I want to go ont he phone.

I bought this &#34;unlocked phone - international&#34; thinking that I can use it in my country Peru. I was wrong. I didn't know that 3g phones needed certain band width to work. OK, it is my fault for not cheking the specs. But as an average user, I didn't know that  3g hdsm 900/2100 band is not compatible with 850/1900 band in Peru. Now know it, too late........ I have spent $ 220 for a phone that can be used with voice and 2g...... not 3g. A waste of money

battery charger not ok. is not charging.I bought a new charger to charge the phoneAdvertisement calls for new thelephone

bought it to use in France with local SIM card; came with Australia market presets and a lot of unwanted news feeds that I could never get rid of; keyboard is small even for my avg size hands and typing was laborious with corrections and autocorrect frustrating; used only a handful of google play-sourced apps for metro service, social media and mapping, it became very slow and was balky, even with moving most apps to micro-SD. then one day after only 3 months of use, downloading a map file, it crashed, got stuck in reboot mode and even when I did a factory reset/hard reset it would not come back to life.  feel penny wise/pound foolish, should have spent more on a newer phone w/newer android.

Just got this international phone and I live in dallas TX, and it works fine on solavei/t-mobile service. From what I gather is, however, being an international version, it is not compatible with 3G/4G networks in the US. So it's simply a 2G phone. But when I have the wifi (at home, work and other places that provide wifi) turned on it is faster than my previous 3G LG phone.

My phone apparently took a an update that is causing it to reboot every few minutes.  Normally this would not worry me but after calling Samsung they inform me that I need to call China to get any support on this phone.I recommend caution unless you want to find yourself in the same situation.

Funciona sin problema. Bueno, llego sin problemas a venezuela. o o o o o o o o o o o

Excelent Product it works very good in Venezuela, this is in perfect conditions, but i've a Question i can't to connect wifi with it can you help me about this?

Item did not come with AC charger for North American outlets? I have no plan to go to Europe or Australia in the next 5 years to be able to use it. I don't need Telstra and other Australian apps that's loaded in it. How do I uninstall them? Other Apps I tried no longer exists.Disappointed with my purchase.

Good product .the fill to input the contacts name is not large enough for me like blackberry. I like the camera

MIt worth each penny invested!!  I am in love with this cell, and was a great acquisition!!!!!!!!!  I strongly recommend to buy this product!

i like this telephone very much if you want an inexpensive smartphone able to make calls, store some photos and connect to the internet. its not an iphone, its not a gallaxy sIII but also its not the same price. the relation what you pay and what you get is excelent. The only problem being the lack of accesories like covers and protectors

I am trying to register the phone but there is NO model number on the inside of the phone.The phone was supposed to be blue but it's far from that, the is black, and I can't upload music or ringtones to the phone.I've downloaded the manual but it isn't much help.How is it that a phone has no model number??

I got the cellphone in excellent conditions. I have not regrets about it.. Only the details about the phone should be change, because it says that the phone was from german but is made in china. Beside that the cellphone is working great.. excellent bought

Decided to switch from BB to Android and the Samsung Galaxy Ace Plus was well recommended from the reviews I read for the budget I was working with. HassleFreeCell had it new & unlocked for what may have been a Black Friday special price, and it was delivered way before the estimated date. The specs on this device as well as the fact that Samsung has it on the list to be upgradable to the Ice Cream Sandwich OS sealed my decision (it comes with the Gingerbread OS). The size is just right, the display and audio are great for videos/movies/music, and not having a hard keyboard on my smartphone isn't as bad as I thought, having being used to Blackberrys for the past 5 years. I'm definitely happy with this purchase.

A really good cellphone.. You can do whatever you want with this kind of cellphone.. Android is the best OS and Samsung the best brand

No levanta 3g, sino 2g y la version del telefono es para Europa H, la version no es para America latina

My 12yr old daughter loves this item! Will probably buy 2 more if available!Works very well, nice design and lots of functions!

Good phone, bought it for my father. Speed is ok. Most important: quad-band, has wifi, radio tuner, and has spanish language! For my dad is good enough!

El telefono llego en el tiempo estimado a venezuela! Buen funcionamiento, pantalla grande con un tama&ntilde;o muy compacto, lo recomiendo!

Product was not the same "dark blue" they have mentioned. It was black. I had no option but to use it coz I had to gift it to my aunt in India. I had to fly the after it arrived. It did arrive at the estimated time.
