
This phones has a great keyboard and decent performance for relatively low specs.  The HTC Status is a great texting and messaging phone; however, overall I found the screen size to be a rather limiting feature.  The phone would have been much better if HTC got rid of the call and end buttons and enlarged the screen.  I would have kept the phone if not for the problem described below.  My three star rating is based on the phone itself, and not the problem with the sale.The point of this review is to warn people about the purchase and seller description.  I purchase from Cell Lounge Inc. and the device was listed as new but it was in fact refurbished.  List correctly if it's a refurb, just say so.  It shipped in a refurbished box and had marks on the phone from prior use.  Also, the contents where not retail packaging.  Amazon needs to enforce seller descriptions.  This is the second "new" phone I purchased that was refurbished and promptly returned to Amazon.

I got this phone when it first came out last summer/fall. I loved it at first. I had recently had an iphone, one of the old ones, and went to what I thought would be an upgrade. The screen was a great size, the keyboard was nice, the size was perfect, but when I had it for a few months everything went wrong. The storage for it is terrible. I could download one game or app, but when I was done with it I would have to uninstall it that very day in order for my phone to run well, and for me to even look at my gallery of pictures. It always force closed apps. Facebook was the main one it would force close which is funny because the phone is made strictly for facebook users.. hint the facebook button. Ha. The battery sucked.The picture quality is alright. Not the best by any means. When I would be on the phone talking to someone, and the touch screen would be so sensitive that it would suddenly put the person on hold letting me hear nothing and they were pretty much talking to themselves.I thought it was going to be the best phone ever and it's not whatsoever. Not worth the money at all.

This cell is absolutely what I expected, what I hoped for, and what I needed. Watched a lot of youtube videos on the cell so I knew what I was getting into. I love the qwerty keyboard (amazing typing experience), the touchscreen, the fact that it's an android, the HTC sense, and yes, even the size of the screen (screen size for me is perfect). Always been a 'love at a distance' blackberry fan, but I always had a love for androids. So when I came across this cell I had to have it. Definitely glad I purchased it. Went into this purchase aware of the limitations of memory and battery life, but I have a couple ways around that. So far so good -- definitely LOVE it!UPDATE: Be VERY aware about the limitations of internal memory. You won't be able to load many APPS on the cell even if you send a lot of your apps to an SD card. If you can live with it, it really is an amazing cell. If you use the calendar feature, the reminders pop up on the lock screen and I love that you can slide the button of either snooze or dismiss into the half circle. If you are looking for a simple, user-friendly cell that is primarily used for facebook, social networking, texting, taking quick photos, and email than you have a rare jem in this. If you are looking for a cell that is decked out in a multitude of apps and a big screen, probably not up your alley.Still love it! Still recommend it, but only to the right people that want a simple cell not a tablet/cell but more like cell/pda/social networking.

Very capable smartphone and faster than its rivals, smartphones with processor of 800 Mhz doesn't even come close in performance.

I am long time Nokia E71 user and I was looking to upgrade to Android phone with actual QWERTY key board + Touch screen. HTC cha cha looked good and it was ideal for me. I bought it from UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGS INC. However I received it in weird AT&T; package without any label, only kind of barcode on one side. Normally you have picture of the phone there... the phone did not looked new on the first view as well as user manual was printed on home style printer and is barely readable. The phone was for sure used phone, came without original packing and without proper user manual, no SD card, no hands free set, just phone and battery.I thought I will give a shot to it. So I turned it on and start to play with it... after power on the phone, there was no set up wizard or anything that would indicate that this is a new phone, so my worries were confirmed.After playing with it for 1hr, this phone restarts itself and doesn't stay on for longer than 10 min. It was defected, it is not new as well as you can see signs of use, multiple small dents on the phone, so I returned it to amazon. Be aware that UNLOCKED CELL PHONE KINGS INC did not ship me new HTC phone but some crap 2nd hand phone that did not even worked properly.HTC Cha Cha review:The 1hr that I was playing with it, I realize that it is actually nice Android phone, the touch screen is very responsive and helpful, the display is sharp, crisp and picture taken with the camera are good as well. This is slightly wider than my old Nokia E71 witch was ok with me. The key board is very good as well. I did not had the chance to check out all the social features, but this could be a really nice phone (if it works).

This phone is very bad phone hung up on every caller during conversation never recommend it  don't waste your money.

Nowhere does it mention that this phone is used or refurbished.  I assumed it was new.  This phone is supposed to come with a 2GBMicro SD card, even says so right in the manual, but it appear the seller cell lounge took it upon themselves to remove the micro SD card before shipping it.  That is shameful and dishonest.  Will never purchase a product from this reseller again and advise against.5 stars to amazon though.  Called them up and complained about it, and they are sending me a free 2GB Micro SD card.  Cannot praise amazon and their customer service enough.Phone is pretty good, kid really likes it.  I'd rate that 4 stars.  Lack of Onboard memory keeps it from 5.  It's very low/limited and is already full from a few txt messages.

I purchased HTC chacha this morning and its expected to arrive by mon. Im crossing my fingers that the phone will come in on time and on a condition I wont regret. This is my first time purchasing online using amazon. I checked the status of my order and it says "shipped" ill post a review as soon as the phone arrived.hopefully mon. As what its expected to arrive. Im very excited to see the phone.

First HTC phone I bought. The Phone is very nice, the sound quality is very good, I really like the qwerty keyboard. I give only 4 stars because  the memory is very limited and the volume of the ring could be a little louder.At first the phone was rebooting a lot. I did a system update from ATT and that I think fixed the problem.

The phone worked great for about 6 months until my wife took it jogging with her the first time.  Just the sweat from her hand worked its way under the screen and disabled the screen's functioning.  A few days later the phone died altogether.  Works fine if you are extra careful to protect from moisture.

I bought this phone for $50 at a Frys store. Still with AT&T; but I bought an unlock code. With such a small ROM, it can only contain a few apps. I was able to install my favs FB Messenger, InstaGram, YM, Skype, Tango and Viber plus some flashlight and other extras. It is almost impossible to update to a current version of the apps so I just delete and install the newest version.The RAM is so small you will experience a lot of lagging. Like Viber will take a while before it can open your conversations. You can root it and have all apps move to the SD card. But mostly the bootloader is locked and rooting it is a challenge.Overall, good phone if you don't expect much. Definitely one of the best keyboards on a phone. 5MP back camera and a VGA front that does not support Skype video call. Try YM and Tango as an alternative for video chatting.

This is the best phone I ever had from 1-10 I would day 10 between this and iPhone ill pick this is an amazing phone

Why have not written anything about the accessories? What if you buy a case of? Mobile is new, repaired or used?

great phone to have for a first teenager phone. i tried it my self and love it. touch and text is what i like and my son loves it to.

Verry gook phone works as designed. Looks verry good,feels good in your hands,and is verry durable.Would not hesitate to buy if you are looking for a fast texting phone. Like better than a BlackBerry. It is a smart phone.

After a real frustrating time at ATT where they would not help me with my phone even though it was warranty.I ordered my phone on Thursday and it was here first thing Saturday morning.Works great well worth the price

This phone is definitely user friendly.  The keyboard at the bottom  and the touch screen at the top are great features for me.All I can say is  I LOVE THIS PHONE!PMB

Description item not so good....Item work not so long,bad signal....Seller not say 4 G does not work with t-mobile....So this phone for me not so good.....

Internal memory leak.  Same issue I have had with this phone particularly.  Replaced it with a straighttalk ZTE...However I miss the keypad.

If you are planing of buying smart phone give this HTC phone  a try before blowing your money on blackberry or iphone.I use it every day to take pics or recode videos check my e-mail and facebook and everything and the price is less than $125 bucks.You can use w.i.f.e for free anywhere there's w.i.f.e.a nd the seller was great.I am planing to buy another one while you go blow your money on iphone .

Hi,I don't like this product because the phone is not ok i faced many problems in this phone but the phone shipped on the time but seriously i am not satisfied .....!!!!

HTC ChaCha is really good phone. actually this is the only phone that has normal QWERTY keyboard and a touchscreen together with Android. yes, there is similar Samsung, but have you seen its display?Phone is easy to operate, keyboard is very good. it runs Android 2.3.5 which is a bit old, but it still operates very smooth.Microsoft Exchange works perfectly.So it actually is a very useful thing for communication.it is not for gamers.internal memory is very low, but it is not an issue unless you want to install plenty of apps.now about the drawbacks:my touch screen went mad on my first phone after a week from purchase. I returned the phone and brought another one. it lasted for 6 months exactly. now this phone went mad. it is touch screen again, but in a different manner. now i cannot touch the status bar. well, took to the retailer for guarantee, waiting for the answer. still, even though it feels to be well built, it actually seems to be not that good....

I'm in LOVE with this phone. It's everything I wanted. Excellent buyer with great communication. I had trouble connecting to my mobile network so I had to return the phone back. The buyer was very understanding and send me a return label and a replacement phone at no time. Highly recommend this buyer. Will def buy again from this buyer!

i bought this phone for my wife. she's using it and not complaining so far. by the way, she had an iphone before =]

First of all, I've always been a little releuctant towards writing reviews and this is my first one. Kindly apologize me incase you find something wrong in it.I've been using this phone for the past 6 months and so far the experience on a whole has been great but not perfect (nothing is perfect in the world). Firstly, there is one significant difference between the Status (a810a) and the Chacha (a810e) which is very important to people who are wanting to use this phone in Europe and Asia. The difference is in the 3G compatability of the devices, they both run on different 3G frequency bands, Status (HSDPA 850/1900 Mhz) and Chacha (HSDPA 900/2100 Mhz). This is the reason why you can't access T Mobile's 3G Network (HSDPA 900/2100 Mhz) with the Status (a810a). The same goes with Europe's and Asia's 3G Networks (HSDPA 900/2100 Mhz). So, if you are looking for a 3G compatible device to be used in Europe and Asia or to use it with T Mobile then get the Chacha (a810e). The Status (a810a) would work fine with all the other gsm networks within the US. Whereas The 2G aspect of both the devices are the same (GSM 850/900/1800/1900) meaning it would work fine in every country. The phone that is being sold here is the Status (a810a) and not the Chacha (a810e).Secondly, and most importantly the phone itself.. Its a nice little phone with a lot of pros and one major con. So, here they are;Pros:+ Great build quality (looks high end).+ Amazing Qwerty keypad (has to be one of the best, very well spaced and way better than blackberry's).+ Dual camera (even though it doesn't work with skype its a good feature to have as most of the other phones in its class don't).+ Htc Sense 2.1 (very well optimized for this particular phone).+ Touch screen (quite responsive inspite of the processor being clocked at 800 Mhz).+ Excellent call quality (haven't yet had a single call drop).Con:- Low internal memory {a much awaited software update was released a couple of months ago by att, which has solved the issue a little but not completely. Even though you can transfer the apps to the memory card (not all), a little bit of internal memory is used by the app. On an average the phone with the update can hold upto 20 apps (good enough for me but could be a problem for the app freaks out there) provided you keep clearing the cache and temp data once every 2 weeks}.Things which I thought which were neither a pro nor a con:= Facebook integration (added bonus i believe, very functional and isn't just a gimmick).= Battery life {many people have had issues with it, but what i believe is that its differs from person to person. Heavy users (3G,Wifi always switched on, Gaming for atleast an hour, High Brightness, Talktime in excess of 2 hrs, etc.) would have to charge the phone twice a day and if you are a normal user like me (using the phone little conservatively inspite of taking advantage of all the features) then the battery would last a day}.= Display (screen resolution is spot on for a display this size, nothing looks pixelated).= Camera (5MP with single led flash which suprisingly takes quite nice pictures but the same can't be said about the video quality which still isn't bad as it fares better when compared to its competition).All in all, its an amazing phone and is great value for money. Sad that it didn't sell as much as it should have because of its minor flaws. I'm glad I bought it. So, what are you waiting for? Go get yours ASAP!P.S. sorry for the lengthy review.

Tremendo celular. Tiene todo lo q se necesita . Es um celular sencillo con bastantes aplicaciones y redes. HtC se la comio con este mobile. Bien bonito y significativo a la hora de usarse.

I purchased this phone for my daughter and in the beginning she loved the phone, but after about 3 or 4 months she had outgrown the phone and wanted a larger screen size and more features. Overall good phone, just too small of a screen size.

well, i did get what i paid for, didnt i??as with the pocket, this is a started cell for a kid

Since the first time I tried to full charged the phone in vain. I was wondering if the charger was ok, I used another charger without good result. So I really have time to explore the phone with that problem.

This phone is awesome. Best android phone with a physical keyboard. Screen is crisp, volume is perfect and speaker is great!

What a great phone. I upgraded from a Samsung Gravity T because my touchscreen died. I really like this phone so far. Not too large, not heavy or bulky. The keyboard is easy to use and lights up in low lighting. Speaker quality is good, people say they can hear me well and clearly and I can hear others clearly. Songs sound good when I play them as does my ring tone.I have an HTC flyer tablet so learning the OS was easy for me. Took me a little while longer to learn the phone operations but the book and an in depth online manual helped me out there as well as trial and error.The cameras are great! I love that it has a front camera. Makes taking photos with friends so much easier since you can see what you are taking and the 5MP rear camera takes great shots. Haven't tried the flash yet. Having this phone eliminated me going out to buy a small camera to put in my pocket book. Now I have a phone, mini tablet and camera all in one!I have no data plan so I love that I can use WIFi only and can shut off syncs and set updates to manually and can shut off the mobile network. I have tmobile so having this unlocked is great. I've been getting calls, texts and picture messages with no problems and no data charges.Now the only cons I found are the bloatware from AT &T;, small internal memory and battery life. These are minor inconveniences to me. I don't talk or text a ton so my battery is lasting longer than other probably do. I also expected worse battery life because this is an android phone with many more operations than my lousy Gravity T. The small internal memory is easy enough to deal with by inserting a mini SD card. I bought an 8GB and I have plenty of room! The bloatware I can't do much about because I am not into rooting so it's just a minor inconvenience to me.All in all I'm really pleased with this purchase thus far!I bought from walk n talk and they were great to deal with!

I bought the phone because of the combination touch screen and key pad.  The design fits my needs perfectly, however the memory is a huge fail.  If you would like to download more than 1 or 2 apps, this phone is not for you.  It comes pre-loaded with many applications that take up most of the storage space and they CANNOT be removed nor can they be transferred to an external storage card.  I purchased a 32 GB card, only to find out that the pre-loaded applications cannot be transferred. I have spent many hours on the phone with an HTC representative who has basically said the only way to solve my problem is to remove the 2 apps I downloaded or just do a total and complete system wipeout to bring the phone back to its original state, which means all pictures, messages, phone numbers, favorite places, etc. are gone.  It is a hassel to deal with the phone because I constantly get low memory messages, and I only have 2 small applications that I was able to download on it.  I have tried to download additional apps, just to receive a message stating that there is not enough internal memory.  While the phone does give me the option to maximize more space by moving items to the data card, once again, the phone will not permit items to be moved.  I am constantly clearing out the cache just to access some of the phone's basic features.  Also the phone will go on mute in the middle of a conversation when I have not touched the screen, (many times I will be on speaker) and the only way to unmute the call is to hang up and re-dial.  In regards to the speaker, the quality is poor, it barely amplifies the sound.  If you are still considering purchasing this phone, do yourself a favor and check out the internet blogs about this phone model and memory issues.

this is a very cool phone its awsome but the battery time is not the best and it could be a little louder. but over all it is a nice phone.

The green button doesn't work at all anymore and I''ve got that prone since a month.Battery life is terrible! Have to charge it twice a day.It's a very nice phone, but all the problems I've got with it make it look like not such a great phone...

This is a spectacular product. Love the unique look. It is a nice phone with a good camera flash. Works great at night too. You don't really find that with many phones. But this one is an exception. It is also very strong, it can take a fall. The touch screen is very convenient and sweet. It is a good product overall. Thank you Amazon.I recommend it

the HTC chacha is so exciting and so good for texting and web browsing and many other things that only android had!!

the phone is good but came with scratches on the screen and looks back side that was not new and did not come with headphones or sd card

I bought this phone as a backup/spare phone. Besides Android, another feature I wanted was the FM tuner. This is sort of a "music" phone I keep at my desk at work to listen to the radio, and I also stream using the Wifi.Other reviews have noted the lack of internal storage, and I would agree. Don't plan on installing many apps because they won't fit. I have a 2GB SD card and a 4GB one. For some reason, the 2GB card will allow apps to be moved to it, but the 4G card won't. I need to troubleshoot this issue further.Otherwise it is easy to use and sometimes I swap the SIM from my other phone and put it in this when I'm going out because it just fits in your pocket so much more easily than a big touch screen smart phone. I did not have any problems getting the APN settings working. The Facebook key seems ok if you use FB a lot (I don't). Push it and you can immediately post to your wall, or select someone elses. Oddly, the least intuitive part of this phone is actually making a call. That takes a little bit of figuring out initially. All in all, its a good basic phone, with the rarity of having a dedicated physical keyboard and an Android OS. Not many comparable units.

sir when u see this hope u stop lying to ppl...i guess if im not wrong it said it comes with a 2 gbs card which i didnt get....so next time when im buying something i wont buy it from u....i am even thinking on returning the item....to change it for another....

My husband bought this mobile to use in Brazil. It works fine with the cell phone company there (TIM) and also with the AT&T here in US. The cell phone is very easy to handle, light, beautiful and good sound quality. The only issue we got is related to the back cover that we need to remove to input the SIM card and the SD card. The cover is very hard to remove. It takes normally around 20 minutes to open. But it is not a big issue, if you don't have to change tour SIM card and SD card frequently. If you have to, I would suggest another device.

I like it sooooo much, it's so easy to use, confortable, elegant, It's totally new, I love the operative sistem android, I'ts the best mobile I've ever had.The seller attention was the best. thank you.

It is the phone I needed, works well, if it had 1 GB RAM memory I would have paid double price.

This is a good phone with a good keyboard, the keys are not spaced too closed together. But the size of the letters on the screen are small and you can not change the size.

This product was a gift and thus far the receiver has had nothing but good things to say about it.  They love it and have no issues with it.

I Love this new phone, it has all the extras I need and love... it has no problems and it works efficiently. This is surely the best phone I have ever had...

It's a very nice phone, and it has several useful features, but memory for applications are bad. I like the nice touch, and I don't like that I can't take pictures until I buy a memory card.It's still a good option, as your first transition to smartphones, but not consider it as a full featured smart one, because you won't be able to install more than 2 or 3 more apps, because of its memory restrictions.

I recieved it sooner than expected, this is my first unlocked cell phone. When it arrived it was in NEW perfect condition. I may order another for my wife,she loves it.

Very good product.

I ordered the phone from Buyingit and it was exactly what I wanted. First I was hesitant to buy an unlocked phone but I had no choice because there wasn't any simfree versions left in my city so I had to buy it online and I'm really glad I did. It works just fine, all new, I'm not sure about the 3G internet though, couldn't configure it but I don't really care about that, I'll be using WiFi. The memory is kinda low and it didn't come with a memory card but it wasn't a problem because I had an 8GB microsd from my previous phone, so might consider buying one if you don't already have it. Overall, this phone is amazing especially for this price, I'm really happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend it to others!

The phone works well.  My only issue is memory - the phone memory is not sufficient to support normal usage.  It might have been OK when the phone was first released, but not based on how large applications are in 2013.  The memory is so limited that you cannot update any of the standard apps on the phone (i.e. those that you cannot remove without superuser access).  For example the phone will not be able to support the latest Google Maps and Facebook apps.  In order to leave some memory for WhatsApp, I had to prevent GooglePlay from updating any app on phone.Once you get over the memory issue, the phone works well and has good reception (in NYC area).

It came without 2gb sd card :S shipped in 1 day, phone is good, love keybord but battery life is too short  , has no internal memory.

I LOVE THIS PHONE.i lost it before and had to reorder this on amazon.In the beginning, I was worried because the phone had an at&t; logo and i had an internet plan.And the internet didnt work for me. BUT, all it needed was an APN settings. Now it works beuifully!Great for the price.Name:T-Mobile USAPN:epc.tmobile.comProxy:216.155.165.050Prot:8080Username:nonePassword:**** (i typed in 4 stars) :pServer:* (i typed in 1 star)MMSC:[...]MMS proxy:261.155.165.050MMS Port:8080MMS protocol: Wap 2.0MCC:310MNC:260Authentication:NONE (Make sure you dont leave blank put NONE)APN type:default,admin,dum,mms

The phone internal memory is low, but overall the phone is good considering the price i apy for the phone.

THIS PHONE IS AMAZING HOWEVER IF YOU HAVE TMOBILE YOU WILL NOT E ABLE TO USE THE INTERNET ANYWHERE BESIDES CONNECTED WIFI LIKE AT HOME IF YOU HAVEWIFI AND U WILL NOT BE ABLLE TO SEND OR RECIVE PICTURES AT ALL . NOT ALL SM UNLOCKED PHONES WORK FOR TMOBILE SO DEFINETLY CONTACT TMOBILE BEFORE YOU ORDER ANYTHING  TO SEE IF IT IS COMPATIBLE WITHNY OF THEIR TMOBILE SERVICE SETTINGS. THEY TRIED EVERYTHING BUT I GUESS I HAVE TO GET ANOTHER PHONE BUTTHIS PHONE WAS SO AWESOME WISH I COULD KEEP IT !

This phone is a joke, it has nothing to do with what you see in the picture here, Plus it is not unlocked. I bought for my mother and she had to pay extra $90 to unlock it.

An amazing device that doesn't scratch easily and it runs android 2.3.6 quite smoothly. The resolution is also great but thats due to its small screen and battery life is decent (that is when 3g is not in use).

I've owned many, many phones but none like this one. I even have an iPhone and I can honestly say this phone is just as good.I have used it for over six months now, in a combat environment, heat, cold, wet and more heat. I've even dropped it a few times, and it&#8217;s still going strong. And I can txt with gloves one. The first time I dropped it I thought for sure it was the end of it because it was in several pieces. After several falls, I firmly believe this is a feature and not a flaw, sort of like crinkle zones on a car, it is supposed to fall apart in order to absorb the shock. Two peeves, the on/off button is a pain to work because it is flush with the surface, and I get that so you don't accidently turn it off and on, but there has to be a better way. The camera is rather sucky; resolution is poor and pictures are always darker and not very defined. I love the curve (bend) because it is perfect for my flak vest as it follows the shape of the bullet strike plate. I just wish HTC would make a newer model - I would definitely buy a new one.

Very low internal memory

Today, I got this Mobile. I opened this and got a headache for the day....It's not a new cell phone. It is a refurbished cell phone. Even the cell phone image displayed on Amazon Product Screen is not correct. At least Amazon should display correct screen. I am feeling cheated now and try to avoid online shopping with Amazon. I read similar comments on other product but didn't believe that Amazon will do such kind of cheap stuff. Why they are doing such cheap stuff? If they do so, sure will loose competitions.This is shameful and low standard behavior from Amazon and Seller. They should explicitly mentions that it's refurbished item not new one. I could have never purchased this item , if I knew this things.If you can't satisfy the customer with service or product,you are sure going to loose sight plus business in longer term. Don't think that small issue's or 1-2 customers doesn't  make any difference. Yes, they make and even you will not realize this until you loose battle completely.Do not do this with other guys hard earned money....

If you like using social networks and don't want to hurt ur pockets then this phone would be perfect for you. The only problem i have with it is its low internal memory.

I got this yesterday, so far I'm very happy with it. I just slapped the sim card and memory card from my old phone in, entered the APN information I had from my old phone for 3g access and off we went. If you already have a Gmail account with android market access on it, it will let you download any apps you've purchased, like one I can't live without called Trillian for instant messaging.Beautiful screen, decent camera with a flash that works, nice keyboard, it's a little bigger than my old phone and lighter weight wise. It's also whole lot faster with android 2.3.3 and a qualcomm snapdragon 1 processor. Like others say in other reviews, it's not a gaming phone, but for the person that likes the social scene and texting a lot, it's really sweet and for the price...it's perfect.

Wife wanted a cheap Android phone to go back to when she got feed up with the Nokia Lumia 900 she had. For her to go to this meant she hated the Lumia 900. She really didn't hate the phone just the reception issues that plagued her Lumia 900. With this phone the issues are gone and she can play with a bit more apps then what she had before.

That's the rub.  I bought this phone because I love the blackberry style, but am an Android fan.  Though I love this phone in concept it NEEDS more memory.  I have almost no aps installed and even with most of them moved onto the SD card I'm still struggling.  Rebooting regularly helps, but it's still frustrating.  I hope that the folks at Android realise how many of us are out there who like a portait style, blackberry like phone but desperately want an Android operating system.Updated June 2013: I don't think I can stand it anymore. It's a great texting phone, but that's it. The lack of memory is one of the most shortsighted issues.  I've tried a factory reset and now the HTC won't authorize the Fb button. I always get a page cannot be displayed.  I can't even do a status updates anymore without an error screen popping up. I'm looking elsewhere.  :(  Really wish that someone would come out with another andriod phone in a blackberry style.

got it after my samsung galaxy was stolen. it looks like a graphing calculator. it's really cute tho. i'm not use to having a phone that requires a sd card to use the camera. i don't really know how to add contacts straight from a text message, so i'm adding on contacts manually. i hate how when you look at your call logs and look at a name it automatically calls them. the manual it comes with is probably in the world's smallest print. i have a t mobile data plan and i'm not able to access the internet...for the time being. overall if you just want a simple phone that connects you closer to facebook well here you go

It ok for the features and the money i paid for... but the battery life is poor....like may be half a day( i mean work day) or max of 8-12 Hrs. Also since it is landscape phone, there is a bit of incompatibility with portrait apps.. you might have to tilt your phone to use them... Well i like.. it... :-)

Delivery was fast. Ordered on a late Tuesday night, the package was delivered Friday evening but wasn't expected to arrive until the following Wednesday. So far, I like the phone. It's fast, sound quality is nice. Texting is enjoyable on the keyboard. I'm an android/physical keyboard lover so this phone is great for me. I've heard that the phone's amount of internal memory is a problem for most people. I downloaded about 10 apps so far and they aren't posing a problem. GPS is pretty fast where I am. It's an AT&T phone but I'm using it just fine on T-Mobile's network. I like that it allows you to set different sounds for different notifications (text, e-mail, calender news, etc). Setting custom mp3 ringtones was a breeze. I'm not big into using FB and Twitter anymore so I can't say anything on the use of the Facebook button or Twitter app. It did come with a FB chat widget upon first turning on the phone. Battery life doesn't seem that great but I don't mind charging it every day before bed. The camera is nice if you're upgrading from a 3.0MP/no flash phone like me. If you've had an iPhone or any phone in that range then it's def a downgrade. It all depends on what you want in a phone. This isn't an extremely high caliber phone like the iPhone or Samsung Galaxy SIII so if you just want a phone for texting, calling, a few apps, a decent social networking experience, then this is the phone for you...especially if you like physical keyboards :) Also if you use instagram, the phone will rotate the app so you have to turn the phone to use it, making the pictures smaller but still visible. Just a heads up. Also I was expecting a new phone but when I opened the packaging, it seemed used. Everything was in unsealed but neat plastic and there was a gray gash on the bottom left corner of the phone. This doesn't bother me that much considering I've been without a phone for a while and I don't want to wait through sending the phone back and getting another one. Will be looking out for any issues though.

The shipping was very fast. The cell phone was new and is an amazing cell phone. The only thing I have to criticize was that the 2 GB microSD card didn't arrive with the cell phone. And even when the seller apologized about that and told me that they are gonna to send the microSD card as soon as possible, my friend that receive the products I buy and bring me them to my country is not in US at this moment, so I was not be able to use my microSD card maybe in several months, so I had to buy another one here. It is the only reason I rated it with 4.

there was no 2 GB microSD card !!!! also no headphones, but the phone is perfect.i'm giving 4 star for this cheat :)

I received the phone long before I expected it to arrive.  It came in the original box, I think its safe to assume.  It came with the origninal HTC home charger and the booklet.  The phone was definately in new condition.  I could not even tell that it had been used.  I felt soooo pleased to recieve the phone that I had been wanting for a while now at the price that I payed for it.  I feel it was well worth it for me, and let me tell you, I absolutely love love this phone.  The touch screen along with the physical keyboard is hard to come by these days, but it's a perfect phone for me.

Does work at all.  Cheap material, the back cover doesn't fix, have to push in.  Waste money and time.  Rubbish phone.

BAY FR HTC IS THE WAY TO GO. THIS IS ACTUALLY THE BEST YOU CAN EVER GET IN CELL PHONE BRANDS. THIS IS MY THIRD HTC PHONE AND I HAVE NEVER REGRETED MY PURCHASE ON AMAZON.  THANK YOU HTC

This is a really good phone for its cost. The only problem is that it is AT&T; branded (despite being unlocked) which means that it has a lot of AT&T; apps on it. These take up a lot of space, preventing you from installing apps yourself, and, because it is AT&T; branded, you can't remove those apps. If there were a way to remove those apps without rooting the phone, then it would be the perfect cheap phone.Other than that, the interface is easy and functional, it's light, it has good battery life, it is relatively fast (for its cost)... I have no complaints about the phone itself.

I was excited to get this phone. It is very attractive and nice to hold in the hand. I also have an HTC Inspire that has been a great phone.Unfortunately, I was not able to operate the phone due to what I consider to be a design flaw in the SIM card slot.The phone &#34;ate&#34; my SIM card. I could see that this was a potential problem as the slot, unlike any other cell phone I have had apart (which is quite a few), is like a tunnel with one end. You cannot see if there is a barrier to keep from inserting the card in too far.Knowing the potential that the card could possible be inserted in too far to retrieve, I advanced it in the slot 1/32nd inch at at time testing to see when the phone read the card. It never did read the card (that has been read by several phones). Eventually it had reached the point of no return and I could not get it out of the channel. Therefore I kept advancing it 1/32 inch at a time hoping the phone would read the card. It never did.I was really looking forward to using this phone but had to return it.

i got this phone through "buyingit". it was just how i expected it. the screen is smaller than full touch phones, much smaller but the pixel density is not so bad (222ppi). the touch is resposive and the keypad is comfortable to type on. i havent been using the facebook button a lot but it hasn't been getting in the way either. camera is good enough for my needs as it has autofocus and is clear enough most of the time. the flash is good for indoors. web browsing is how you would expect, there are really no complaints expect for the battery life. i have ordered a 1600mah replacement of the battery which will hopefully give this phone improved battery life. the call quality is good. the sound is clear both ways thanks to the noise cancelling mics. another problem i have is with the charging cable as it kind of gets in the way when trying to hold the phone. also the battery cover is very hard to take off, it feels like i might break something. i haven't been able to make use of the front facing camera except for the mirror app. i tried a skype call but it wont let me use video even on wifi. also there were no micro sd card and earphones. i didn't need any but its something for you to think about.
