
I have had many phones, including a Blackberry, a couple of generations of iPhones and finally, after reading a lot about Androids and being frustrated with iPhones and tired of all the hype about them, I took a chance on the HTC One X. This phone is spectacular. It hasn't let me down once. It can do everything the latest iPhone can do, and more. It is intuitive, customizable and WAY better looking than iPhones. The camera is incredible, the screen is large enough you can actually see what's on it and there are so many unique features to this phone. I've had it for more than six months and I can't tell you how happy I am with this purchase. I would recommend this to any and everybody!

Everything is great except for the BATTERY LIFE! I've used the phone for 4 days, in one day the phone died at 5pm and two days at 4pm... I really love the phone, and android, but I decided to switch back to apple since the poor battery life of ONE X. Although I'm sure that I'll be back with android someday, but only when the battery can hold for a whole day.

The phone was only released yesterday for AT&T;, so this review will only encompass what I've experienced in the short amount of time I've owned it. That being said, I'm confident this is the best Android phone currently available for AT&T.; The phone looks incredibly sleek thanks to its unibody form; the negative aspect of that is the lack of a removable battery. Luckily it seems the battery life is pretty good, and most tech review websites have confirmed that. The 4.7 inch display is incredible, and IMO the perfect size for a smartphone screen. I'm blown away by how snappy this device is; the dual core processor combined with Ice Cream Sandwich make everything about this phone silky smooth. HTC Sense 4.0 definitely takes away from the stock Android experience, which I'm sure will not sit well with the "purists" out there. However it is still a decent skin, and very user friendly. Those who are not too tech savvy will definitely appreciate it's intuitiveness. Finally, the LTE is ridiculously fast. My previous phone was a "4G" (HSPA+) phone, but LTE simply leaves that technology in the dust.PROS:- Sleek design and lightweight- Very snappy, virtually no lag or slowdown- Well above average camera for a smartphone- Blazing LTE speeds- Beautiful HD display- Intuitive for Android novices- Impressive battery life (will follow up with this since this is really just a first impression)CONS:- No removable battery- No micro-SD slot (only 16 gigs of storage on the phone; not a huge deal for me since I utilize cloud services for the most part)- HTC Sense 4.0; Only really a con for fans of stock Ice Cream Sandwich experience**UPDATED ON 5/8/12**I previously gave the phone 4 stars for lack of storage capacity and non-removable battery, but I'm changing the score to a 5 star for various reasons. Firstly, I found out yesterday that when you use Dropbox on this phone, you are automatically upgraded to an extra 25 gigs of storage for 2 years. Awesome. Since cloud storage is the way to go (IMO), this completely makes up for the missing SD port. Secondly, the battery life is incredibly good thus far. I've been using my phone non stop the past two days and by the time I went to bed last night it was still at 25% battery; I couldn't believe it still had that much juice left. I wish they would have included a number to represent how much battery % is left, but there are plenty of apps/widgets that will do this for you. Thirdly, because I'm a bit annoyed with several other "reviewers" who are giving this 1 star for ridiculous reasons (because this AT&T; variant isn't available on Verizon, you're giving it a 1 star? Really dude???). This is flat out the best phone available for AT&T;, and probably the best phone available on the market right now. I strongly recommend this phone to anyone looking for an upgrade, especially if you are in an LTE enabled area.**UPDATED ON 5/29/12**It's been 3 weeks since my last update and I still have nothing but praise for this phone. It flat out rocks. I've had lots of time to utilize the camera, and it's simply amazing. In fact, the camera on this phone is FAR better than my point and shoot digital camera, which sadly is now obsolete. Pictures are taken almost instantaneously when you hit the button, and the quality is incredible. If you hold down the picture button, it will snap upwards of six pictures in the matter of seconds. There have been a few complaints about the multitasking on this phone, and I would tend to agree it is a bit sub-par. Occasionally I will open my Chrome browser to read a webpage, open a newly received email, and then immediately switch right back to Chrome only to have it reload the entire page. Again, this only happens occasionally, but I do recognize the issue. However I'm confident HTC will come up with a software release in the near future that will correct the issue; us early adopters should expect things like this to pop up. Multitasking aside, it appears the locked bootloader issue has been resolved with no thanks to AT&T.; Battery life is still consistently good, even with LTE enabled. Standby battery life is outstanding. Overall I'm still very impressed with this phone, I can't recommend it enough.

This is a very nice phone..I love how smooth it runs and how great it looks..The camera is just awesome..I took a picture and viewed it on my 46 inch screen and it was looking very good..I think this is the one for me and I really don't care if booloader or anything like that is blocked since I don't really care about it  and I guess 80% of the people might not even know about it ..The beats audio integration is great..makes the sound soo good..All in all this phone is a champ and I would recommend it to anybody without thinking twice.

We have a few Apple products in our household - 2 iPads,2 iTouches, but only 1 iPhone now.  I just was not excited to upgrade to the iPhone 4s or even the 5.  I guess I got bored.  I think Apple makes great products and I actually feel a bit guilty, though I am not sure why.  I researched phones for several days, it was between this phone and the Galaxy S3.  When I went to the store to try the phone out in person, I just liked the look and feel of the HTC one x better ($100 less in price is good also).  I have absolutely no regrets.  I am even more excited than when I went from the Blackberry to the original iPhone!  My favorite upgrade is the big and beautiful screen.  I haven't had any trouble transitioning to my first Android phone, the time learning the phone has been fun.  I am really impressed with the functionality of this operating system.  It is blazing fast, good battery life, great design. I don't have a problem with the amount of storage, I use cloud for my music and streaming pandora is smooth.  The only thing I haven't liked so far is the default mail app, I am using the google mail app instead, which is not a problem. I will love it even more when I stop expecting that home key to work like my iPhone's did.  Great phone!  The BEST smartphone I have owned so far!

One X has got to be the most beautiful phone i have ever seen. I initially had a hard time deciding between the One X and S3, but after seeing the One X in person i just had to get it. I found the Sense 4.0 UI of One X a little more upmarket compared to that of the S3 which i thought was a tad bit overload on unnecessary animations. If you are looking for a sturdy, handsome looking device, you won't go wrong in choosing the One X.Update(06/12/2012): Under heavy use, the battery lasted me 17 hours and under moderate use, it lasted 27 hours. That's hugely impressive considering that my previous HTC (Aria) would die in less than half a day. Can't stop loving this phone!!!One issue i have seen is with the Google Voice app. No matter how many times i update my voicemail to Google Voice, the phone automatically keeps switching back to my carrier provided voicemail service, throwing an error that the call forwarding number could not be updated successfully. I even tried updating the call forwarding number manually to my Google Voice number, but the problem persisted. I am guessing its a compatibility issue with the Google Voice app itself.Hopefully Google gets a fix out asap.

I've had this phone a little over a year. I never took it back as I didn't want some refurbished replacement as it would be the same nonsense. It constantly says the SIM card is missing, when it's not. It never connects automatically to the Bluetooth in my car, my old cell phone did so it's NOT my car. And yes, it is set to connect automatically :) If I try to connect it manually, it takes at least 5 tries. I will be in the middle of looking at something online, it closes the web browser without warning. Lately, if I'm talking on the phone and move the phone away from my ear (to check the incoming call if my phone rings...) the screen stays dark. This phone is so bad I'm considering not getting another smartphone. I know someone with the HTC One and they have the same problems I do so I know it's HTC. One plus is the pictures the phone takes. They are beautiful.

This is an awesome phone. I've had it for 3 months now and I have noticed some flaws, all adding up took away one star. Since the perks are all listed and true to the description, I thought I'd just list some issues I've had. Also, I haven't had issue my battery life lasting the whole day with a bunch of apps installed, gps off, bluetooth off, and wifi on 24/7 unlike other reviewers.- Phone Balance: its not evenly balanced in terms of weight, so when it takes a dive, the right corner is always the first point of contact. I have several dents and scratches in just that one corner. That's with the invisibleSHIELD full body installed too.- Receiving calls: the automatic phone setting to receive, reject, and place on speaker for calls by moving the phone to the right, left, and flipped over is a nice concept but annoying! I have my phone in my pocket often laying on its side and often times when a call comes and I try to pick it up, it triggers that auto function and ends up rejecting the call and sending it to voicemail. It can get frustrating when you have to carefully pull it out just to answer the phone. I cannot figure out how to turn that function off. I took off the one star mainly for this reason.- No microSD slot: I knew it when I bought the phone so I didn't take off any points for it- No native voice recognition: Samsung has S voice, Apple has Siri. HTC should have one too! Vlingo and the google one isn't bad but its not incorporated into the phone and not convenient at all. I guess I'll have to settle with those apps for now...All in all, still one of best phones I've had and I've tried several including iPhone, Samsung Galaxy S II & III, Nokia N900 along with many other Nokia phones (used to be a big fan before they switched to Windows OS), and several Windows phone. I'm not an expert but I am an avid user :)

I have been an Apple fan since day one when the phone launched in 2007. Over the past year, I have experimented with several Android devices on the AT&T; network: Samsung Skyrocket, HTC Vivid, Samsung Note...you name it. I have always gone back to my iPhone.This time, it's different. The HTC One X is an absolutely incredible device. The snapdragon processor allow the phone to run incredibly smooth. The 720p screen is sharp and the design is slick. Ice cream sandwich on this phone allows the user to truly enjoy the smartphone experience.If you've been holding out for the iPhone 5, don't hold out any longer. Put your hands on this phone and you'll see why this phone is the cream of the crop.

For those bootloader hater, please go against AT&T not the manufacture.  HTC made a great phone, and 100% meet my needs.

Let me just tell you, the screen on this thing is amazing. You can tell a huge difference between this screen and the one on the htc vivid. I like this screen better than the one on the galaxy s2.Also the camera pulls up incredibly fast...literally as soon as you hit the camera icon it is up and ready to shoot photos and you can take the photos so fast.....you can keep tapping and it will crank out the pics like a machine gun....or press and hold to take burst shots. you can even record video and take still shots while you are taking the video.The phone is really quick and also the internet is super fast.Yeah....the bootloader is locked....big deal, I have owned other androids with a locked bootloader.....it will get hacked eventually....in the meantime stock is still incredible....people giving one star probably don't even know what a bootloader is or they would already be figuring out a way to hack it or already know that xda will figure it out soon enough.Highly recommend...this thing is a beast!...and it out performs the quad core tegra 3 which is impressive.On another note....I plan on buying the wirless hdmi adapter to hook this thing up to my flat screen. The adapter allows you to do split screen on your tv so you can watch a movie on half the screen while surfing the web, updating facebook, or whatever. [...]

I have owned an iPhone 4 and most recently a Samsung Galaxy S 2 (both on AT&T;). While I didn't care for the small screen of the iPhone or the Apple control freaks, I really grew to detest the Galaxy. In the year that I owned it, it was plagued with hardware and software problems which Samsung and AT&T; were unable to fix. After AT&T; replaced the Android Gingerbread OS with Ice Cream Sandwich OS things got worse. Sometimes I couldn't even make or receive calls. Since the Galaxy was under warranty, AT&T; was willing to replace it with a HTC One X. I have used the One X for a week now and can report that it is a vast improvement over the Galaxy and even the iPhone. Basically, it operates flawlessly. Speed of operations is excellent. Applications operate reliably without crashing.The screen is big and provides beautiful color rendering and, while it doesn't have the high contrast of the Galaxy, it doesn't oversaturate colors like the Galaxy did. Conversation audio quality is great. Unfortunately, the speaker is on the flat surface of the rear panel, so both audio quality and volume decrease when the phone is placed on its back. The volume and power buttons are almost flush mounted so activating either is a bit challenging. Based on other reviews I had concerns about battery life but, even with moderate use, it lasts two days between charges. Finally, the HTC Sync Manager makes synchronizing files and information with your PC a real pleasure and a vast improvement over iTunes.Overall, this is the best smartphone I have ever used.

I used all generations of iPhones and Galaxys. This phone is the best. LTE is awesome. Only if AT&T removed the c***ware.

Professional reviewers will tell you that the HTC One X is simply the best Droid phone on the planet and that the upcoming Galaxy III will have to work hard to dethrone it.  While it is an excellent phone, some glaring flaws in the One X made me question the hype.  The ray of sunshine came through for me when I learned to stop worrying and love the Internet.  Read on...When it comes to the Pros, the One X has a whole lot going for it.  The International version has a quad-core processor and 32GB of storage onboard.  I was surprised and disappointed to hear that both the One X and the Galaxy III will be losing that quad-core in the American versions, but I've learned a bit since then.  Number of cores is important to a processor, there's no doubt:  but the internal architecture of the processor is important, too.  The manufacturing of the One X's newer dual-core is more efficient than the older quad-core processor, and sites benchmarking the two have come up with almost identical performance scores.  Using the phone, there's no doubt that everything is speedy and responsive--the browser is fast, apps like Facebook knock load-times out of the park, and games like Angry Birds don't stutter trying to render house-smashing physics.  The One X seems to be slightly less happy making the transition from one app to the other, but it's not a problem, it's more like, "getting here felt like 110% speed, closing out and opening the next program took a moment and then we were back at 110% again."  Call quality is quite good, and it seems like these days just about every smartphone makes good, clear calls given good coverage--but speakerphone modes will always be tiny and tinny.Where we have the downsides of AT&T; start with the fact that the AT&T; version for the US contains only 16GB of storage.  You don't get all of that 16GB by any stretch:  after separate partitions for the system and software, you get just shy of 10GB left for your use.  When you think about the fact that an hour of 1080p HD video clocks in at around 11GB, that's not good--even if you put no music or photos on the phone, you're already limited from the get-go thanks to the storage downgrade.  "No problem," says I, "I have my 32GB microSD!  I'll just pop it into the...what?  No slot?"  That's right:  no SD slot is a glaring error, and I criticize the pros who say, "10 GB is plenty!" or "they couldn't put a slot in the unibody design" (oh, really?  Then how did they do just that to hold the SIM card?).  This is the hard part about the One X:  the battery and memory are what they are, and cannot be upgraded or replaced.That said, the "Sunshine in the Cloud" comes in learning to wean yourself from copies of everything.  When I take pictures or video on my phone, the first thing I want to do is get them right off the phone and onto a PC, so I can do whatever I want to with them.  HTC have gone out of their way to make that possible for you.  It's amazing:  nearly everything in the interface will allow you to tether yourself to "a place for your stuff".  HTC One X users are gifted with 23GB of extra storage on DropBox, for a total of 25, so that takes care of my file storage needs.  Google Play allows you to upload 20,000 songs and stream them anytime, so there goes my obsession with copying MP3s onto an SD Card.  I can automatically upload camera pictures to any one of a number of places:  Flickr, Google+, Dropbox, Facebook, you name it--they can automatically go straight into the cloud and I can pull them down any time.  You might think that would run up your data bill, but everywhere I've looked I can set up how to transfer my files:  on 4G LTE, on Wi-Fi only, on either, or only when I manually push them.Playing music is important to me, so I put the One X through its paces before I settled in:  Google Play has streamed over Wi-Fi without a hiccup, and I even started a stream in 4G, attached to Wi-Fi, and turned 4G off without so much as a dropped note.  I was shocked.  I got in the car, tethered to my car audio, drove around with 4G running the show and all went well.  I also played with Internet Radio (worked great) and an FM app (FM radio is terrible in my area for any device).  The only drawback is that there is a music player native to the phone that expects files to be there, so I'm working through Google Play instead.  One of the professional sites recommended MOG, but they don't tell you that it's $10 a month for the service...no thanks, the One X is quite good with any of the other options!So then we come to the camera.  Yes, you would still be stuck with only being able to record an hour or less of 1080p before needing to offload it to the web (and you can automate that, too)...but I also thought about how I use the video feature on a phone:  in bits and pieces.  The one time I came close to an hour--for my daughter's piano recital--I still ended up recording it in segments, for the simple reason that I can't hold perfectly still for an hour on end with a phone held upright in both hands:  that's what the hand-shaped digital video cameras are for.  The rear camera is 8MP in still shots, and wow, is the shutter speed fast!  My wife brags about her Canon point-and-shoot, but covering my daughter's birthday I was out-shooting her time after time.  The flash is decent for a phone, but just like a regular camera your image quality is best when you shoot with plenty of lighting.  There is a lower-resolution front camera, but I would only imagine that would be useful for snapping thumbnail pics.  Video is also fairly smooth, and the One X not only promises 30fps of 1080p HD, it lets you take still pictures while the video is running.Next we come to the Network.  The HTC One X tethers quickly and it really does appear to make the most of the bandwidth (and there are sites that can give you benchmarks).  For me, I went to a Linksys WRT 610N on the N band, then on its 5N band, then a Netgear WNH-DE1000, and at work we have a brand-new Cisco system that's blazing fast.  Some people are finding that the One X is cranky with older routers, but I think I've figured out the problem.  For some reason, if you connect to a network and move away, the phone still thinks it's connected.  It will pretend to try to connect to other networks (and fail) and sometimes it simply won't see the other networks.  The problem will most likely be fixed in an update, but in the meantime there's a simple workaround:  either manually disconnect from the gone network, or just turn Wi-Fi off and on again:  the new available networks will show up and it will connect quickly.  I've now played with an AT&T; hot spot, a Starbucks, and a Panera and all three connect fast.  When I'm on the 4G LTE network, I do notice a very marked improvement over my 3G Captivate:  it's close to broadband performance now.  Bluetooth pairing is also quick and easy--and you can use it to send things like Contact data from your old phone to your One X.One other thing that really impresses me with the HTC One X is Android 4.0, a.k.a. "Ice Cream Sandwich".  This new OS is a remarkable improvement in many small ways, such as being able to customize just about every feature (as I'd mentioned earlier with the upload settings).  For the HTC One X, there's a clever little extra bit in the way it unlocks:  drag the silver ring from the bottom across the screen.  Are you just going to make a call?  Or just going to take a picture?  No need to unlock the whole phone and re-load everything:  simply drag that ring across the icon you want and it'll open just that program for you.  I gather you can customize the unlock methods too but I haven't felt the need to do so.  The screen is really bright and clear, and while the Gorilla Glass is supposed to be unscratchable, it's also very smooth:  fingerprint buildup can slow you down, but it comes off really easily with a swipe across a shirtsleeve.  The camera on the back sticks up from the unit, which is weird:  it's like a glass pimple that's begging to get banged on something, but thus far I haven't had it get caught on a pocket or give me grief when handling the phone.  The smooth unibody design is slightly curved and feels comfortable in a medium-to-large hand like mine.  Last, while the phone comes with a quick-start guide, AC charger that splits into a USB cable, and some promo materials, it's worth it to hop out to HTC.com and set up your phone:  there are tons of free apps in the marketplace, you can still use the Play Store (which is Google's new Android Market), and I also use Amazon's App Store for Android.  The PDF manual available from the HTC site is friendly and easy-to-read:  if you're considering an HTC One X, I highly recommend you take the time to read the manual and see if you like these new functions, because there are many more I simply can't fit here.  AT&T; does still load your phone with CRAPplications you'll likely never use (as many of them cost a monthly fee and can be had elsewhere for free), and they also still make it impossible to Root your phone, so if you really feel the need to do that, you should consider the Unlocked version (or another carrier).  However, I'm pleased to tell you that I'm not seeing any of that junk running in the background like it used to do on my equally-unrootable Samsung Captivate.If you want a new Smartphone and you like HTC, the One X is an excellent phone.  The lack of an SD slot and reduced storage size for AT&T; customers are fairly huge flaws that almost made me return it, but a change in my habits has simplified my life.NOTE:  This review is for the HTC One X sold through AT&T.;  If you are seeing it cross-posted under another HTC One X, be aware that Amazon does this and we reviewers have no control over it.

First of all let me say I had lusted for the Samsung'sGalaxy Note for a couple of months.  Then the One X arrived and when I saw its Super LCD2 IPS LED backlit screen I knew it was the one for me.I found a AT&T; version on craigslist and bought it.  Upon handling it alone in my home I began to see how light and thin it is. It doesn't feel cheap like a Samsung phone. The build quality is the best of any Android I've ever seen. Second only to iPhone.  It's very sleek and minimalist. It feels good in my hand. It doesn't seem too big at all. It actually seems like the perfect size. Its proportions just look right. It seems balance was factored in when it was designed. The three capacitive buttons seem perfectly placed as well.The camera is very good. I can honestly say I don't need a point and shoot camera any more.  It's that good. Lots of cam & vid options.  Even slow motion!Sense 4 is okay but it'd be even better if they would allow an option to toggle between the stock ICS OS.  Guess I'll have to root it for that.  (AT&T; I'm looking at you.)And since I brought up dastardly AT&T...; I want everyone to know that you will save at least $500 a year by paying full price for a phone and then using Straight Talk dot com. I pay $45 a month unlimited everything. I get anywhere from 5 to 7 Mbts download speed. It's only HSPA+ but thats more than good enough for most any person.  With the savings I can upgrade every year instead of waiting 2 years.It doesn't have a microSD slot but I pretty much keep everything in the cloud now so it doesn't matter. It would have been nice if a certain carrier would have allowed 32 gigabytes like the intl. version.The battery lasts a full day and even gets me thru my cardio session at the gym.All in all I think this phone is amazing and I'm extremely satisfied with it.Oh and both colors are awesome. This is the first white phone I actually think looks handsome.

This phone has great form, and speed.EDIT #2:  Back to 5 stars.  Update 1.85.502 fixes the multitasking problem and wifi/connectivity issues.  This phone seems like an excellent buy now.  Bootloader also unlocked at XDA.EDIT:  I now give it 4 instead of 5 stars because it does not have any real Android multitasking like my Nexus. Further, I can't even fix this issue because of the currently locked bootloader, which is lame.PROS:1. It's light for its size, and easy to hold (average sized hands).2. Best screen on the market compared to any phone, including the Nexus and Iphone.3. Extremely fast, ICS.4. Great battery life even with huge screen and average battery size.5. Phone is already rooted (check XDA forums), so you can remove the AT&T; bloatware.6. Bootloader unlocked at XDACONS:1. 16GB memory is the only option. (Free 25GB dropbox for 2 years though).2. Battery size is average, could've been bigger and removable, but the battery life is very good.Some people give it low ratings because it's not available on Verizon, and because they generally don't like the Android ecosystem (Apple fanboi), not the phone itself.  These aren't valid reasons to rate a specific device below it's true value, so check it out in a store first.

i hate people that give it a one star because of stupid thing as bootloader being locked. majority of people doesnt know what that is. or what jailbreak is for iphone. they like it because its easy to use. well built solid phone coming out from htc. HTC is redeeming itself from all the useless phones that they keep pumping out.overall alllong battery lifeease of usesolid built.slick and slimtop android phonethus fariphone killer? highly doubt itiphone contender maybe

Not going to try to do a comprehensive review, just want to point out some things I found disappointing coming from someone who owned an older Android-based Samsung.Ergonomically:- I hate the power button being on the top instead of on the side where it's more easily (and naturally) accessible based on the way I hold the phone. For someone who is constantly waking up the phone to check the time, messages and e-mail, this is probably my biggest disappointment.- Don't like the lack of a menu button. I know apps now have them built in (or tacked on if they don't), but they're often in different places and they're rarely as easily accessible (there goes that word again). There's plenty of room at the bottom for one.Technical:I can't compare it to other modern Android phones and it's a bit pointless to say it's faster than my old phone because that's a given. However:- The screen is noticeably less vibrant / more washed out than my old Samsung Infuse. Reds are less red, blues less blue, etc. Turning the brightness down does help some and it's still plenty bright enough. Don't actually know how it compares to most phones, but it's taking some serious getting used to based on previous experience.Other than those things it's a good phone. Much better call quality than I had previously, has much better aesthetics (IMO) and feels great in my hands. No complaints about the battery life yet.

This is a top of the line device, that is a excellent choice if you're in the market for an android based smartphone.  While yes, the boot loader is locked at this time that won't matter to the vast majority for users which will buy the phone and happily use it in its stock configuration.For those that like to tinker with custom ROMs, etc. the developer community will eventually figure out how to unlock the boot loader or HTC will get AT&T; to allow the loader to be unlocked.  Either way the custom ROM crowd will be able to customizes their phones at will.

The phone is pretty good but the spell check on the texting and emails is frustrating.  Spell check automatically changes valid words to foreign words or to other valid words with very different meanings.  I took it to the AT&T; store and their tech guys could not figure out how to fix it.HTC One X 4G Android Phone, White (AT&T;)HTC One X 4G Android Phone, Gray (AT&T;)

THE HTC One X 4G is by far the best phone I have ever owned.  The build quality is the best, feels great in the hand and looks awesome.I was deciding between the Iphone 4S, Samsung Galaxy S2 Skyrocket, Galaxy S3 and HTC One X.  All the articles, video reviews, etc I did and this one seemed like the best fit for me.  I wanted good build quality, good screen, fast processing, ease of operation and camera quality.  Found it all in the One X.I have an Ipad 2 so I was used to the OS from Apple and it's great for the ipad but if I got an Iphone I would have just paid $300.00 for a smaller Ipad....In my opinion Samsung has always made great phones, but build quality was my issue this time.  The S2 skyrocket and S3 both have weak plastic builds.  Sure we can put a protective case on it but that's just something else to buy.The Galaxy S3 for AT&T; has almost the same spec's has the One X.  Same processer and sure it has more RAM and bigger screen, plus you can take the battery out, BIG DEAL!It really comes down to what best fits you, for me THE One X fits me perfect and I would highly recommend it.

The phone is gorgeous, battery life seemed reasonable, sense didn't seem too bad, and the screen is to die for. That said, the phone is being returned as HTC and/or AT&T has literally removed 95% of the multitasking.  The recent apps button only tracks the last 6 apps (and it doesn't even do that well) and just about every app with the exception of music playing apps dies the moment you switch away.  Scroll part way through an email or long web page, jump to respond to a text and jump back, then wait while the app flashes white then reloads and dumps you back at the top.  Need to answer a phone call in the middle of a game?  Be prepared for the game to stop and need to be reloaded when you come back to find you've lost any progress.  Every app seems to be affected, mail, messaging, google voice/reader/gmail, chrome, native browser, play store, etc.  The only app I could find that didn't seem to die the moment I left it was Pandora and even then it was only assuming the music wasn't paused and you weren't doing anything as daring as playing angry birds in the background or it would also stop within 3 songs.  There is a pretty good example here:[...]  Even my old iPhone 3gs could do this as well as a number of friends' 2 year old HTC/Samsung devices.

Alright. I love all features of this phone..really nice toy. But.... every morning I wake up and find its batter empty and the phone dead... have to charge it again and again.Even with factory reset and all apps killed with task manager, the battery gets drained empty within 5 or 6 hours under standby mode...Anyway it took me a whole morning to get a replacement from att and will see how this one works. The att agent mentioned it might be a qualcomm specific problem as the other European version did not seem to report such leakage.---------------------------------------------------------------Some update. The replacement works better. The battery goes down very slow and smooth with either mp3 playing or just standby mode. But... its 4G seems getting much worse. Signal strength is always very weak and connection gets lost a lot. Oh well I guess I'll have to live with this one for a while. Too much trouble.

I bought this phone expecting to be able to customize it like many of the previous HTC phones. Turns out they have disabled this feature for some reason so it gets a 1 for features. There is no external memory so it gets a 1 for design. Other than that here are some other observations. It has a beautiful screen for video playback but only has 12GB of available memory to store videos. It takes 2-3gb to store a quality 720P video so there is not a lot of room to store your videos. A One handed wkaeup button push puts your fingers over the volume buttons which changes the volume if you do not use an unlock screen. Despite it's large screen size the phone fits well in a pocket. Lastly, the version of Sense on this device does not seem as terrible as the pre-release reviewers claimed. Can't comment on battery life because I've only had it for a day.

This is an excellent smart phone. The display is brilliant and Android with HTC sense, differentiates it enough from iOS for Apple not to sue it. The only Cons I have found in comparison with iPhone is (1)that the phone does get hot fast if you are playing a game or watching video, (2) the photos on some Apps like Facebook look grainier than on a iPhone, most probably something to do with the app itself and last (3) the iPhone 4s at least consumes less power than this. The lack of storage card slots is not a big issue, I store my music on Amazon and Google Clouds and I don't see myself needing SD cards any longer. Either way if you are tired of giving more business to the current corporate demagogue and support a more open platform without losing anything significant, this is the phone for you. Its even with Samsung Galaxy III, they are almost the same phone.

Do not buy the phone because At&t; has made HTC locked the bootloader. Android is a beautiful operating system and the beauty is to be able to customize the phone anyway you like it. At&t; arrogance is beyond comprehension. No other carrier in the world is locking the bootloader. Better yet, get the phone and return the phone with bootloader locked note.Edit,The phone is great. my beef is with AT&T;.

I upgraded from an Iphone 4 and this was my first Droid phone. The Droid itself is great, has many more features than the Iphone. The screen looks amazing and it's also the fastest phone I've ever used especially with 4G LTE.The problem for me was the battery life. I tried everything to keep it lasting longer I downloaded the Juice Defender app which was still useless. Leaving it on overnight would lose 15-20% of battery life and I can't turn it off because I need the alarm which doesn't work while off.I don't know if the battery is this bad on all Droids but this phone could definitely use a bigger battery. I just couldn't see myself dealing with this issue for another 2 years so I ended up returning it.It's a good phone but there's lots of room for improvement. Another thing, on Amazon the cheapest option is the 3GB LTE data plan and I thought I could change it back to my old 2GB but the AT&T; reps wouldn't allow it.

I can't get enough from this phone. I was making choice from Galaxy, Iphone and HTC one X. I'm so glad that i got HTC. I don't understand what's special about Iphone. Maybe it was first unique at it's time but not anymore. HTC one X is MUCH MUCH better. All features are amazing.Easy to figure out, easy to use, quality is great. Love it!

See update below.I had been trying to decide which to buy, coming out of a Blackberry either one is going to require a learning curve for me. The One X looks totally new and fresh, the S3 looks like the S2 with softer contours. The specs are pretty much even and while an SD card is convenient, I am used to using 8 GB, so since both have 16 GB, that is more than enough for my needs. Plus, the One X has 23 GB Dropbox storage free for two years, the S3 on ATT and Verizon won't. The One X has a sealed battery...so what? So does every iPhone and that hasn't stopped Apple from selling a gazillion of them.That brings it down to UI, and from everything I have read (a LOT) it seems Sense 4 is much better than Touch Wiz, in fact, from my perspective, the only people who seem to prefer Touch Wiz over Sense are Samsung owners / fans. Also, I find it funny that professional reviewers who are supposed to be providing a fair comparison, and certainly private individuals, are actually pretty biased for one phone over the other. When discussing the specs, where it is close but the numbers favor the preferred phone, it gets the win, but when the other phone is a bit better, it is a tie. Also, there are some specs that are not measured in the same fashion, yet the the preferred phone wins again. Bragging rights being what they are, the better numbers mean size does matter to those who have nothing else going for them. Get out of your GT500 and hop into my 911, or my friend's Lotus, then tell me how your machine is superior because of the numbers.From the view point of someone with smartphone experience, but not with Android, I really don't care about little differences in the specs. No one I know is going to care about numbers, we care about performance and results: ICS; dual core 1.5GHz with LTE / HSPA+ for fast browsing; battery power to get through 8+ hour work day; music and video access for down-time; computer sync; multiple live email accounts; reliability and durability; ease of use; a decent camera with useable cutting edge goodies. What we don't want is a lot of clutter; gimmicks (I work daily with seven people with iPhone 4S and not one of them have used Siri after the first two weeks of owning the phones) or having to put up with unnecessary crap to make the phone function as we want it to. ICS works the way it is, you really don't need to mess with it.I have decided on the One X. I tried Sense 4 in the store and compared it to Touch Wiz on the S2 models... I know the new version is "lighter" but not by that much based on what I have read and understand from talking to users/experts. Also, as I am learning the use of the phone from square one, and never having used an Android before, the HTC seemed much more natural, intuitive (simpler?) than the Samsung. Not having any preconceived notions about which was better, to me HTC was the clear winner. I also think the look of the One X is very different from other phones out there, whereas any Samsung looks pretty much like every other Samsung built in the last two years - squared vs round corners not withstanding. And just so there is no doubt about my motives, initially, it was my intention to replace my BB with the Galaxy Note; then I read about the One X being developed, followed by the S3. I decided to wait for both devices and compare each to the other and to my needs, and to the Note. The Note fell away from the other two, the One X took a narrow lead but my options were still wide open. Then I saw the S3 and the One X was like Secretariat at Belmont, pulling away fast and I didn't plan on looking back.Now, about build quality / durability; take a look at some of the drop tests on You Tube for both of these phones (and any other you may be considering) from waist height, shoulder height, from the roof of an accelerating car, even thrown into the air down a street! The Gorilla glass does eventually shatter, but the One X keeps on working as designed: the touch screen works, so does the browser and the phone function. The S3 was completely dead! The reason is that Samsung fused the screen to the glass, so when the glass breaks, so does the screen, not to mention having to pick up all of the pieces of the S3 to put it back together again. The One X, you know, has a solid polycarbonate shell that is very strong in its own right. This was the final deciding factor for me. Yes, I know there are protective cases that will solve this problem, but then I would be carrying around a thick, flat slab instead of a thin, sleek sculptured work of art (or in the case of the S3, a thin, flat slab of an electronic device).The bottom line is a smartphone is a tool to be used in the real world, and it needs to be tough enough to survive, even if it is only used in a business or social environment. How many times have you seen someone's phone get knocked off a desk / counter top / bar / dining table and crash to the floor? The S3 is a great phone, absolutely, and on paper it may be the best thing out there... until the next best thing arrives next year, next month, next week. People with too much money wanting the latest and greatest will snap it up, as they will whatever comes out next to replace it. I want a phone that will function for as long as I want to use it, does what I need it to do, looks good and is dependable; and if I drop it, it will not only survive the fall, but will also keep working. The One X is the right answer for me, look over your needs and options carefully; it will likely be the correct answer for you, too.I have owned the phone for one week now and I am still learning the ins and outs. Battery life is fantastic. Today I left with a full charge at 7:30, made two calls, sent texts to my kids for half an hour and read my emails, that's it. Now, 14 hours later it has 58% left. Yesterday I played games, read my emails, downloaded a couple of Apps, made calls and sent texts, and browsed my favorite web sites to see just how fast it worked (HSPA+ only - unbelievable - I can't wait to see LTE). After about the same 14 hours it showed 31% power remaining.As for telephone function, no dropped calls, connections were good, strong and fast. I did learn a couple of interesting things about the call sound. The rear speaker works a lot like a Bose speaker in that it seems to be designed to reflect when laid face up. The sound quality / resonance depends quite a lot on the material it is resting upon; wood, glass, paper, even a desk pad will cause the sound to differ quite a bit. If you hold the phone in your hand and use the speaker function, it will sound dull / muffled depending on hand placement. The One X is actually designed to automatically switch to speakerphone mode when you put it face down during a call; the caller's voice comes through loud and clear.Now the ear-piece speaker is another story. After first being disappointed with the sound quality / volume, I figured out that there is a sweet spot for the speaker. You have to line up the speaker holes with your ear canal. When you do the sound is loud and clear; when you miss, even by less than an inch, the caller's voice seems far away and quite. A little trial and error, along with some muscle memory exercise and problem solved. Maybe this is a problem for some, but think about it: how many times have you heard both sides of someone's phone conversation because their phone's ear piece sounded like a loud speaker? Figure that if you can barely hear your caller when the phone is next to your ear, the nosy person sitting next to you at the where-ever can't hear them at all. I see this as a plus for call privacy.The truth of the matter is that the S3 may be the better phone in some respects, on paper and maybe in the real world, too. But to make a decision based solely on the spec numbers when they are so close that the only way to know which is better is by the smallest of incremental scientific measurement is the definition of Geekus Maximus. If we were talking about differences on a generational or even evolutionary scale, where such was obvious to any smartphone user's human senses, then the choice would be simple. Personally, I don't know anyone who walks around with their own electronic testing equipment to challenge others over who has the better device, nor would I want to know such a person.At this level of performance, it is like deciding on the Ferrari or the Lamborghini; the only ones who quibble are the gear-heads who think their opinion is the only one that counts. The One X and the Galaxy S III are both fantastic phones that are cutting edge. Which one is better? Who cares? The title will only last until the next phone comes out. Don't believe me? What was the undisputed Android champ in April of this year? The One X. Now? Maybe not, maybe the S3 is, and we aren't even into July, and the S3 hasn't even been officially released yet! I guarantee by the end of the year there will be three or four new Androids to claim top honors. Statistics are what you make of them. Decide what is most important to you: name recognition; function; dependability; fashion; style; conformity; individuality; usage/needs; peer pressure; whatever it is, choose the phone that fills those needs best (notice I did not list specs). And don't worry, because if it is your choice, you cannot choose wrong. For me, I will recommend the One X to anyone that asks, and proudly show it off whenever the opportunity presents itself.***07/10/12 UPDATE***Still love the phone, still learning all of the tricks. I went to play with the SGS3, just to compare...there is no question in my mind I made the right choice.  The feel of the phones alone makes a difference; sorry Samsung, the S3 just feels cheap. Even the AT&T; sales people will tell you the S3 is simply a glitzier S2 with more bells and whistles, but aside from those changes and ICS, not a whole lot of difference. Also, as I stated above, specs not withstanding, functionally, we are talking about speeds measured quite literally by blinks of the eye. Again, nothing wrong with the S3, it is a great phone, but choose based on the whole package, not just a spec sheet.On a slightly different topic, I just discovered AT&T; dropped out of the free 23GB Dropbox upgrade. Not sure why, especially since this was a big selling point to explain why there was no SD expansion. Those who bought early got the 2-year free 23GB promotion, the rest of us got screwed. Not the fault of the phone or HTC, the blame rests on AT&T.; Perhaps if enough customers complain they will reinstate the program.Personally, I think there must be a huge conspiracy between AT&T;, Apple and Samsung to sabotage HTC and the One X, because it really is a superior phone compared to what the other two manufactures are offering. Think about it, how many iPhones does Apple have active on AT&T;, and how many Samsung phones does AT&T; carry? Compare that to what HTC sells. Both of the other two manufactures have AT&T; wrapped around their collective little fingers.Why else would AT&T; insist on HTC foregoing the SD expansion, and then bring over the 16GB version instead of the 32GB model? The HTC Evo 4G LTE on Sprint is essentially a One X WITH an SD slot (and a removable battery), so you know it could have easily been done. Then, Apple got the injunction to effectively halt the One X sales two weeks after its introduction; and now AT&T; has killed the free Dropbox upgrade. Was this part of a deal with Samsung who was going to have to foot the bill for its own 50GB upgrade - also now dead? [Can you tell I'm just a bit pissed?]What more proof does anyone need to see what a great phone this is? Everyone who stands to lose sales to the One X is so afraid the public will love it, they are all trying to bury it! C'mon AT&T;, prove me wrong! Give us back our 23GB of free Dropbox - and then some!! I will get off my soapbox now. The bottom line is the One X truly is a great phone, great performance and remarkable features, definitely worth the price! I am still within my 30 days but I have no thought of changing to anything else. One last remark, in the three+ weeks I have had the phone, I have had no less than five people ask me what kind of phone it is; in the past almost 20 years of cell phone ownership, that has never happened...ever. Clearly, this is a beautiful, and noticeable phone.****11/26/12 UPDATE****I have had my One X (white) for five months now, and I am still finding things I didn't know it could do. I LOVE THIS PHONE! I am very happy with all of the features and performance of every function (calls, text, email, browsing, games, camera/video, basically everything). I have no regrets selecting the One X over all of the others, including the SGS3. Yes, the battery could be more powerful, but it does get me through a full day without a recharge. But just in case, I have an AC charger on my desk at work, so if I am planning a late night out, I just plug it in after lunch - no big deal. No regrets, no worries, an absolutly stellar phone!However, HTC has released a new version called the ONE X+. I have compared it to the original and find that the improvements are well worth the upgrade, assuming the choice is available to you, meaning you are not going to have to pay the out-of-contract price. Otherwise, it is selling for the same $199 as the original did. But, here is the thing, the original X is due for an update through ATT (HTC has already rolled it out, now the individual carriers have to debug/tweak their systems for it) to the same software the X+ is using: JELLY BEAN 4.1 with the SENSE 4+ UI, (and that won't cost a dime). And, ATT has the original Grey model on sale right now (Cyber Monday) for $0.99!!! (White model - my personal favorite - for $99.)That means you can buy the original for next to nothing and in a short while, ATT will release the update to the same OS that the One X+ is using. The difference in processing speeds will not be that noticable as the dual-core is actually plenty fast for 99% of the population (the dual-core is faster than the international quad-core, but the X+ is faster than both - nevertheless, read my comments above on "specs"). At that point, the only thing that will separate the X from the X+ will be the memory (16GB vs 64GB - a significant difference if you need to carry loads of data with you, as neither has an SD card), the battery (1800mAh vs 2100mAh - but I understand that the update includes better power management, and the original battery is really no slouch if you are not trying to continuously play games for hours on end), a few new tweaks to some of the features (but I think the OS/UI update will also take care of most of those), Gorilla Glass I vs Gorilla Glass II (more scratch resistant), and the shell (smooth polycarbonate in white or grey vs a rubberized finish in matte black only - no red highlights for US version).I loved the original when it came out, and I still do. With the update soon to be released by ATT, and the price drop, this is a no-brainer if you are wondering what to do. If you are eligible for an upgrade from ATT and you have the extra $200 to spare, go for the X+ now, you will not regret it. BUT, if money is tight, for $1 or $100 (less from Amazon and some other sellers) you can get an extremely close equivelent and choice of color by buying the original X. Of course, you can always wait till the start of summer when the prices will drop again as newer models are released.One of my favorite things about this phone is its looks. I do not use any case because I think the appearance of the phone is just that good. Some of my friends bought the Galaxy S3, and though it is newer than the X, it already looks old, (and they really show scratches, nicks, dings, etc.) and so similar to every other Samsung it is hard to tell what model it is. On the other hand the HTC One X still looks brand new and like nothing else (except perhaps other One models). As I stated above, I have people ask all the time what the phone is; or now, recognize it and ask how I like it because they want to either upgrade what they have or are looking for one as a gift.The bottom line here is just get down from the fence and buy it already. Choose the One (see what I did there?) that your budget will allow. You won't be sorry!

Looks and feels like a great phone, yes I have demo'd it 3 times. I like it.The problem is with the provider. AT&T; insists on loading all of their phones with crap bloatware. I realize all carriers do this to one extent or another, however AT&T; goes beyond the norm thinking that they will force you into using only their apps and features of course for a fee. Example many of their phones have GPS capabilties however AT&T; many times dissables this feature so that you have to purchase their Navigator app. If Navigator was any good people would buy it on their own.It is unfortunate that AT&T; with the help from HTC has decided to lock this phone up with the Bootloader tool.If the public wanted nothing but Bloatware and Spyware loaded phones they would stick to the iPhone.This is a really dumb idea AT$TI will pass and wait for the Samsung S111

I bought this phone after reading the reviews that it is one of the best phone out there. I am using it for 2 months now and it looks great and feels great. The good things about this phone are awesome screen and camera. Camera is fabulous, it's better then most cameras in cameras..forget about phone cameras. There is no shutter lag and picture comes so clear. You will fall in love with the camera as soon as you will take first picture. Also the features provided with the camera are awesome. I don't need to talk much about the screen as everyone knows it has HD 4.7 screen, which is not too big and not too small. Phone feels great in hand and fits in my pocket.I should also say that I have replaced it twice because of the hardware issues, generally related to the network. I bought this phone as soon as it was released, so i got the phone with OS version 1.77. Version 1.77 was horrible, it was slow and poor battery life. It should 4G symbol, but I couldn't get any internet. I complaint to ATT couple of times and they said to factory reset etc but nothing worked. I called amazon (as i was still in 30 day period) and replaced it with a new handset. The new phone came with OS 1.85, which was better. It was responsive and had good battery life. After few weeks, it also started to have network issues. If I restart my phone, I don't get any network. It shows I am on Airplane mode. It took me 2 hours to figure out how to fix it. Also, most apps started to have weird issues...Overall I am very unhappy with this phone as I am power user and I want my phone to work flawlessly. It might be good phone for people who are not continuously using their phones.

First off, let me come clean, I currently work for an authorized AT&T; retailer--I receive dealer phones to use for free, so I will not comment on the pricing as this does not pertain to me...okay, in the interest of full disclosure, now that I have that out of the way, I'll continue forward...First things first, what REALLY attracts you to this device pure and simple is the absolutely GORGEOUS screen. Since I work around, with and selling mobile devices, I have seen more than my share of what the industry has to offer. Folks still go on and on about the iPhone's Retina Display, and yes, it IS a great screen with wonderful clarity--however, I personally prefer the Super Amoled Plus screens that Samsung produces much more simply due to the incredible color saturation. Everyone of course has their own opinion in regards to this, and personally, I understand that opinions vary, so I'm not here saying one is verifiably better than another, just what I personally prefer. With that said, the One X's screen is hands down the best, most clear and vivid I have ever seen on ANY wireless device. Its not even close to be honest. That alone is the best selling point for this phone, but there is plenty to love aside from all that...but easily, this is one of those phones you simply MUST see in order to fully appreciate.***Minor Update***Working for AT&T;, I had the opportunity to help with an issue from some Romanian vacationers, one of which had the Euro version of the Samsung Galaxy SIII and I simply MUST say, what an incredible device it was. I realize the American version will not feature the Quad-Core processor due to its current incompatibility with 4G LTE technology (I'm sure that will change within 6-8 months). The phone is simply awesome and a worthy successor to the SII which remains the most popular smartphone in the world. While the Super Amoled Plus screen is simply GORGEOUS on the SIII, I'm still going out on a limb and say that overall I prefer the One X more for the sheer Realism of the screens ability to render virtually anything. Both phones feature the exact same pixel density, but the colors on the SIII--as one would expect--literally JUMP off the screen. Honestly, its a VERY tough division to find anything better on one over the other. I'd venture to say that this is going to be subjective to each person individually. While I may prefer one, you may prefer the other. All I can say is for THIS particular person, I think that HTC wins on this one--but only by the slimmest of margins. Overall however, based on stats alone I'd take the SIII over the One X. Also, the T-Mobile version of the One also has a Super Amoled screen and not the Super HD LCD display like the AT&T; model, and it is clearly not as good, this isn't subjective, it just IS. Check one out if you doubt me.Let me also add one additional downside to ANY phone now featuring Android 4.0...no Adobe Flash support. I had it on my Droid Razr before the update, but afterwards, gone. I tried to download it from Google Play only to read that they won't be supporting Ice Cream Sandwich enabled devices. My question is this: WHY??? Until such time as the bulk of the internet stops using Flash, and HTML5 takes over, I find it hypocritical and almost a cheat to deny those of us who have championed Android over iPhones using this as one of our reasons for choosing one over the other. They ought to at least give us the option. But either way, this is one VERY serious item to consider before making the purchase, FYI.Android 4.0 is quite a leap ahead from Gingerbread. One thing I find difficult to get used to is the total lack of the 4th search button at the bottom of the device. I've been an Android user for a long time and I use that button a LOT. I don't find the absence of it an actual plus in the so-called upgrade from 2.3.6 to 4.0. Not a fan of dropping that button. Other than that, I find it interesting how some people love HTC's Sense user interface and others have a deep seated hatred for it. There seems to be few folks who are in between on the issue. Honestly, I tend to really like HTC's stamp on Android and always have. It's very fluid and visually its very well put together--but I realize not everyone is in my corner. All I can say is this new version of Sense--at least in MY opinion works pretty great, and looks just as good.My favorite part of ICS is the Voice to Text feature and how it has been improved upon. I love how many iPhone users talk about Siri and its capabilities as though apple originated the ability to turn speech into text on phones. I got news: Android has had this ability for YEARS. With that being said, Siri IS pretty freakin' cool, and works--for the most part--pretty good...however for Android users, I enjoy Speaktoit Assistant, which does virtually everything that any iPhone can do, too. Getting back to the 4.0 Voice upgrade...once you start recording your voice you'll immediately notice a difference. It begins writing what you say almost instantly, and will continue to do so until you press pause or stop. VERY convenient and from what I can tell, works even better and more accurate than my earlier Androids. Since I use this feature a lot while driving ('Cuz you ain't supposed to text and drive, right?) it comes in quite handy and works very well.The much hyped Face Unlock feature of 4.0 is more novel than anything else. From my personal tests, it works--but only SOME of the time. I also discovered that using a similar photograph of you will work almost as often as using your own face. For that reason alone I simply don't use it. I found every time I tried to demo the feature to friends, it made me look silly--and I don't particularly like that.Let's focus on the other best feature of the One X: the Camera. WOW. Every bit as appealing as the screen in my opinion. As you turn on the device you can go directly to the camera and it launches not quite as fast as AT&T; and HTC CLAIM--but it does so faster than any other camera on a phone I've personally seen. The photos are easily the BEST I've seen taken with a mobile device such as this. Better than the iPhone 4S--to be fair, not by much, but better all the same. What really sets this camera apart is the sensor capabilities to which HTC has obviously put a lot into its development. I was a bit underwhelmed at the weak flash, but for close-ups, in the dark it worked clearly above average. Otherwise, without the flash it took surprisingly clear pics in darker situations. Impressive to be honest. And fast...? One of the biggest issues with camera phones is how S-L-O-W they are to open and once open, even slower to actually take. I can't tell you how many photographs I've lost because by the time my phone was ready to take a pic the moment had passed. If you're on the ball, that shouldn't be a problem with the One X. Not only will the app open within about 2 seconds at the LONGEST (should be around a sec under most situations), you'll be able to snap 4 pics PER second if you keep your finger on the button. Everyone seems to be critical of HTC for not including a dedicated camera button (I wish it had one, too) but its not that big a deal, but it would've been nice. You can snap up to 100 pics within a minute, so chances are at SOME point that awesome photo will be tucked away in there somewhere. It'll even give you the option of choosing the best photo from that recent batch you took and delete the rest. I thought that function worked pretty well, too.Build: While nothing about the phone seemed cheap to me, it feels great in my hand and very light weight considering its 4.7" screen size. Its polycarbonate frame is well manufactured and certainly feels well built if you ask me. All in all, not a cheap feeling like I get when I handle almost ALL Samsung devices (and I really like them for the most part).Beats audio is a very cool addition. Considering the One X cost the same as the iPhone 4S, this is one major selling point and more than worth the reason to make the jump from apple. If you haven't heard it, I urge you to give it a demo before feeling that only apple can reproduce audio with any amount of success...if after comparing you STILL say apple is better, chances are you desperately need a hearing aide.Battery: NOT impressed. In fact, this is where I truly felt that HTC not only fell short, but I dropped a star because of it. HTC has had known battery drainage issues for as far back as I can remember on their devices, pretty much ALL of their devices. Why they opted with a smaller battery for such a hugely draining device with LTE capability is honestly beyond me. The upcoming Samsung Galaxy S3 will have a considerably larger battery, meaning the only current phone that should have longer battery life would be the Razr Maxx. I'm also a bit perplexed why HTC opted to release the phone with only a 16 Gig storage version instead of the quad-core 32 Gig model they released in Europe. It would've been excusable if we had the ability to add an SD card, but they dropped that option as well. In this day having a cloud storage option is nice, but sorry, but I'd much rather have it ON my phone rather than 'Out There'. I'm fine with cloud storage--I really am, I just hate to rely on it, thats all. Either way, with almost every model of phone (save iPhones) having additional storage options via an SD card, it seems rather careless to omit it here. My personal opinion, that's all.Keep in mind that if you have an LTE signal, your phone will use up that precious battery even quicker. Something to consider. I'm not huge about having the option to remove the battery, but at the very least, purchasing an extra charger for work and a car charger is almost a necessity rather than a luxury. Food for thought.As far as signal goes and browser strength and speed, lets just say with AT&T;'s HSPA+ and LTE network, the phone works VERY fast indeed. Oh, and viewing internet pages is a delight with the One X's screen. The extra real estate really comes in handy in this area specifically.All in all, there is a LOT to love about the One X. Is it perfect? Nope. However I would've given it 5 stars if the battery had been bigger and it gave me the option of adding additional storage via an SD card. Some will find this a deal breaker, but others may not...either way, I recommend you go INTO a store and handle the phone IN person before making a purchase just to see for yourself. Its really important these days, especially with all the options there are around us.Hope this helps!

I did some research on different phones and found that I liked the HTC One X the most due to the price and what it can do.PROS: It's easy to maneuver through the screens.  It's easy to add and group your apps together.  The camera is great.  It does have a small one in the front as well, which is convenient for those "me and my best friend" shots.  I'm not extremely tech savvy, but found that it was easy to learn and figure things out.  Also, since it's an HTC, you can use HTC Sync Manager to import your songs, photos, etc easily to your phone.  Also the HTC site offers many FAQs and support if you have issues with figuring anything out.CONS: The battery life doesn't last extremely long (especially if you are a gamer), but for daily phones calls, texts, web browsing, etc, it will last pretty much all day.  It doesn't have an external SD slot, so you are relying on your phones internal memory.If you are still on the fence about whether you would like this phone or not, check out [...] .  This helped me get a better look at the phone with all that it has and can do.

Yeah the bootloader is locked on this phone at this current moment, so what. This phone goes up again the iPhone, which is also locked, speck for speck if not better. For most users who barley know how to install an application this will be an amazing phone. For Android fan-boys who want a unlocked bootloader, just chill because one way or another, it's coming. I mean it's already been rooted in like 4 days time... so.

I decided to review this phone, as I started to see the phones that are on par are being featured as the best phones : eg. Samsung galaxy  S3, iphone 4S and iPhone5, yes you read it correctly iPhone5. After buying this phone, I was really happy with many of its features likea) Screen resolutionb) excellent camerac) ability to take photos while recording videos or take photos will playback.d) Integrated beats audioe) Free 23GB of dropbox storage, andf) Android 4.0.These are some of the things make the phone what it is.Just because HTC is not good in marketing, this phone is pushed to corner and hardly receives any credit for what it is. Comparing the same with iPhone 4s/5, which does a good job of all the above mentioned features a to e, but was released 8 months later than HTC one X, and it is yet, to include features like photo taking during playback, excellent music, large screen size and mainly LTE.Apple has a big hold on market and can bargain with carriers, which is not the same for HTC, so they need to agree for carriers demands, which may tweak few features but still its the best what your money can buy.Also, iPhone is for people who are comfortable doing things as apple thinks like we don't like google maps and youtube and now all macfans go gaga saying "apple doesn't think we don't need google maps, and youtube", so I don't need. In short you actions are controlled by apple commands and you feel great about it. Whereas, in Android you get to choose what you like  like skin, ringtone, interface, etc, etc, etc....So, its time for you guys to decide what you feel. So, rather than blaming Android and HTC we should really rethink on our personality and way we like to be controlled :-)

Pros- looks very good- best screen I have ever seen- good call quality- camera and photo quality is much better than Galaxy SIII- low price with a 2 year contractCons- battery life sucks- takes way too long to charge batteries (compare to Galaxy SIII, iPhone 3GS, and HTC Inspire)- touch screen annoyingly too responsive- only 16GB storage and NO micro SD card slot for additional storage- 1GB RAM is too little (cannot multitask while playing music on bluetooth speakers)- weak WiFi antenna- batteries cannot be removedI had this phone for about 25 days and then had major battery life issues. After researching online and seeing that this was a common problem for many users, I decided to exchange for the more robust Galaxy SIII.This was my second HTC phone. I like how they are constantly innovating and are not shy about incorporating fresh technology and looks into their devices. In my opinion Apple is too slow at this and Samsung just copies and builds upon other manufacturer's designes (which I guess is good for us consumers, but unfair to other manufacturers).Here however HTC One X gets three out of five stars because it needs more fine tuning to enhance the user experience and of course the battery life is a major bummer. I look forward to going back to them in two years to try them again.

I'm looking for a Phone for My Mom that will shock Her into "ACCEPTING" a SmartPhone. Honestly, She just wants a 1992 Cell Phone, but those days are long gone. I on the other hand am into Building Computers, have owned an iPhone since they started in Production, so I admit, My knowledge with the Nutz & Bolts with Android Phones is just as Raw, as it is with the Politics of the Phones. AND there "ALMOST" is a Political aspect to which Phone You use (Or Religion if You will?). FOR EXAMPLE: I mean People say either iOS Sucks, ATT Sucks, Verizon Sucks, Android just did a Copy and Paste of Computer language which They didn't have any of the Legal rights to, to create Android's Platform, etc, etc...I find all this BS and Better left up the the Experts Down at the Bar. I have opinions, but like Politics, Religion, I keep them to Myself, otherwise a Person doesn't learn anything if they are always spouting Their Opinions. Right? Put Your Judgements aside, watch a Political debate, THEN watch the Spin Factory each word parsed out to the Ninth Degree slam or support Their Sides. BS!!! I'm off My Soapbox!!! Honestly, What is the differences between Samsung Galaxy III and Motorola, and HTC that a Son should know when selecting a Phone that Both My Mom and I will learn from? I could get Her a Stone Age Phone, but I want to be able to excite Her with it, and to Use a Phone the ways it was meant to be used. I'll be the Teacher in this situation, I'm just finding myself Bored as Heck over iOS, because I've mastered that to My Self Imposed Limit, and want to Learn another Platform for HER.I just want to get Her something We'll be able to Use with Her TV, Computer, and let the Magic Happen when she's to say WOW! (Now that's My Goal, and that Goal of Her saying WOW, is Priceless)

"I have had many phones in my days including an iPhone 3Gs, iPhone 4,' iPhone 4s, Samsung Galaxy Skyrocket and now this phone. I gotta say that this phone is beyond incredible. If you want a nice durable, reliable phone that has impressive specs then check out this phone. This phone is made up of sturdy material and doesn't feel like plastic as most androids do. The camera takes amazing pictures, is super quick and just has a stunning display of colors. ICS with Sense 4 just works out of the box and is extremely smooth. A lot or people are dissing that it doesn't have a removable battery or a memory card slot and that 16gb is small. First the battery lasts extremely well. So far I have been getting about 10 hours of average use and it sits at just 52%. This is extremely well for a smartphone. Second 16gb is plenty for me. It's meant to be a phone not a storge drive. Plus you get 25gb of drop box storage for your pictures which it actually integrates well into the phone. Android just allows you to use your phone the way you should use it. Create and make your own ringtones on the spot, tether for free download free music and so much more. This phone blows the iPhone and any other phone away. If you are due for an upgrade I highly recommend checking this out in white.I just have to say this to people who gave low rating to this awesome phone. Stop whining about locked boot loaders,it is not HTC but at&t; who has locked this phone..and there is a reason for this..the phone works best the way it is,there is no point in unlocking boot loader and mess up the phone,which beats the every other smartphone available in Industry"

I have had numerous basic phones, flip phones all on AT&T.  I switched to Sprint and got a Samsung Galaxy II but could only get one bar in NE Florida and all the way to NE Alabama.  The WiFi on that phone, along with its UI, was good.  Due to the poor signals, I went back to AT&T and got the HTC One X due to many positive reviews on various review sites.  So far, I am very pleased with the phone.  It's signal strength is 2-3 bars at the house, its Data Connection (whether on WiFi or using the data plan) is great.  The UI is very polished and intuitive to use.  My Contacts for email and phone numbers were synced perfectly (except for two contacts), whereas the Samsung didn't do nearly as well.  All my bookmarks were synced perfectly on the HTC.  The display with Gorilla Glass is remarkable with about a 178 degree viewing angle.  I don't buy a cell phone for the camera, but this camera is extremely fast, the flash has a good range, and there are a lot of image enhancement features which are very similar and extensive as a dedicated camera.  The phone is solid with a polycarbonate enclosure making it very light, but does not allow for a removable battery and no mirco-SD card -- it is a sealed system.  Since I have never needed to replace a cell phone battery before, I don't know if this will be an issue with a smartphone during the length of my two-year contract.  I don't think it will since the most talk time per month I use is only about 20 minutes tops.  Comparing features with the HTC and the Samsung are very similar; however since I have a stronger signal with the HTC on AT&T over the Samsung on Sprint, I judge the HTC One X a better performance smartphone.

I read the reviews before writing my own and I think that they might be misleading. Especially if you care a lot about the stars.  This is a great phone without a doubt.  I will try to give the best review and not overrate it or "hate" on it like in most reviews.  I truly believe that this phone deserves a 9/10 or 4.5 stars.The phone looks amazing and the design will definitely surprise you.  The 4.7inch display is beautiful and I really love just looking at it. The build quality is superb and it isn't to large for my "man" hands.  For smaller hands you might want to check it out and hold it at a store before buying it because it is a little large.  When it comes to performance, I have nothing to complain about. Nothing has crashed on me and honestly the speed of this phone is lightening fast! I've seen consistent performance for the one week using the phone. The camera is great, not perfect and it has a lot of great features on the camera.  Keyboard on the phone is mediocre , you could even say bad. I just downloaded an alternate keyboard, so not a big issue. Most importantly, call quality and reception have been flawless so far. However the earpiece could be a tad louder. Overall, I enjoyed the experience.The many concerns people have are the battery life, memory storage and the locked bootloader. I understand all the concerns and if they were fixed than the phone would be a 10/10 phone. Battery life has been great for me though and I can always get through a day with a full charge although it would have been nice to have the option for a removable battery.  Memory... it does kinda suck. Wish the phone had more.  For me, I would have used it to store music, but I just uploaded my whole library of music to Google Music and now I can listen to music ALMOST everywhere. Finally, the bootloader... it's locked. Oh well... nothing to cry about for me.  If you need a phone with the bootloader unlocked don't buy this one.SummaryPros: Beautiful Screen, Great Build Quality & Design, LTE, Performance Speed, Android 4.0, Camera and Awesome features, Call Quality, Reception, 25GBs of Cloud Storage from Dropbox, Google Music (Cloud Storage), Beats Audio (you can choose to use it or not)In the middle: (depends on you)  HTC Sense 4 UI, Large bodyCons: Non removable battery, medium sized battery (good battery life though), No expandable memory (on top with the minimal internal memory), locked bootloaderThis is AT&T;'s best Android phone. If you are on AT&T; and you want android, this should be a no brainer.  If you are deciding between different operating systems then this decision might not be as easy.  Honestly, I think this is the best phone out there.  Until, the SG3 or the iPhone 5 comes out to compete with it and even then it will be close.  Also, you have to wait for those phones and probably a long time too. You can't go wrong with this phone. I'll be happy to be stuck with this phone for 2 years.

Listen, if you read other reviews talking about things other that the phone, read this. So the bootloader isn't unlocked, that isn't a problem with the PHONE, its with the CARRIER. Now that carrier is out there, that is in no way any reason to rate the PHONE poorly. This isn't a review for ATT; I agree, I would also rate ATT 1 star. But the phone is freaking amazing. I hate when people give bad reviews, making the item look bad, when in reality they reviewed something besides the phone.:End rant

I've tried all of the high end phones on At&t; and returned them for one reason or another, but this phone is perfect.The screen is fantastic, it's the fastest dual-core phone I've seen, and the LTE is just nuts (if there's coverage where you live).My battery life has been getting me through a full day with moderate usage with 50 percent still left, and that's in an LTE area.Only deal-breaker might be the non-expandable 16 gb storage. Not a problem for me with the 25 gb of dropbox and my grandfathered unlimited plan.

Wow what a great phone. Touchscreen is awsome, wifi, dual processor, now with jellybean 4.1 OS. (it was ice cream in add). So better than I hoped.This product is much better than my pervious smartphone, if you are looking for a great upgrade this would be it.

I'm giving this 1 damn star, because it isn't available for verizon wireless, i am sick and tired of this!  Verizon has a much better lte network and yet, att gets all the newest 4g phones, WHY??  It doesn't make sense since att has nothing more going for it!

I'm going to keep this review simple.Pros:BLAZING FAST performance (faster than the Samsung Galaxy S3 in almost all aspects, check out anandtech's review)Great Audio Chip / Performance, good for listening to musicThe BEST Screen out there.The most wear resistant, scratch resistant phone I have EVER encountered.GREAT Battery life (over 60% left after medium 12 hour usage)4g LTECons:None so far, wish they would make it in more colors though.Phones I've recently owned:Samsung Galaxy NoteSamsung Galaxy S2Samsung Galaxy NexusApple Iphone 4sApple Iphone 4Apple Iphone 3Blackberry 8800, Curve, Pearl

If you're already an android user then this is a sweet device. It's fast, gorgeous, beautiful screen. But man does android suck, especially coming from iOS. Nothing works off the bat, everything needs like 10 screens of customization and entering your info over and over. The voice commands don't hold a candle in front of Siri. If you're a pimple face geek that likes to tinker hours on end with your phone, then I can imagine the appeal of android. Otherwise, if you like your stuff to work with minimal fuss then stick with apple and either upgrade to a 4S or hold out until the new iphone comes out.

I have always been a die hard HTC fan but this model is making me think it is time to change. I was tickled when I fist bought this model, but now 6 months later, I am awaiting warranty replacement #3 as I do this review. Here are the combined issues I have had with this model:1. Lighted buttons on the phone work intermittently.2. Sim card reader burned out on first phone.3. Problems with intermittent sim card errors on second phone.4. Launcher occasionally resets itself when unlocking phone.5. 4g data quit working on 2nd phone.I usually do not carry phone insurance and did not on this one. Although all these problems I have had so far are under the 1 year manufacturer warranty, I am now worried that I have a high likelihood of having to by a new phone at full price after warranty runs out. Not because of my handling of the phone, because I am always extra careful, but because I have a strong chance that replacement #3 will not make it until my 2 year At&t; renewal discount.This phone is great in day to day use, but the reliability has been terrible for me. perhaps you will have better luck? or maybe not?? Buyer beware.....

This would be my next phone but AT&T and HTC decided to lock the bootloader of this HTC flagship phone. It would get a 4 or 5 star rating if the bootloader was unlocked. I hope HTC/ATT hear the message from customers that we want to be able to use OUR devices however we want.

I've switched to the OneX from a Samsung Captivate that I had from the first day it was released. I do know my way around Android and then some (I'm a software engineer by profession). Here's my impressions of the phone after a couple of days of use - hope it helps others to make an informed decision :Pros:** Snappy and responsive - and very good specifications. I know most people dont care but here's the deal : If you buy your phone on contract you want it to last at least a year and a half without it becoming obsolete. I had the experience with Captivate - I was able to resist switching to the latest and greatest as my phone was great when it first arrived and was good enough at the end of the upgrade cycle.** Great camera - the best you can find in today's market (under carrier contract).** Sleek design - the 4.7" screen just melts away. My wife's iPhone 4s feels chunky beside it. Have no problems having this in trouser pockets or jeans and no - it doesn't show an inappropriate bulge.Cons:** Some poor design choices by HTC - they may not all be an issue for everyone but as an end user we pick and choose what WE want - not what is jammed down our throats. The battery size is small for the screen size (1800 mAh) and would not last more than 20 hrs for light to moderate use or 8-12 hrs for heavy use. Also, the battery is not user replaceable. There is no memory expansion slot for plugging in our own micro-SD card. I can live with both these design choices but others may find it a dealbreaker.** Software has a learning curve - this is minor though. In fact I do like the look and feel of HTC Sense 4 after a couple of days. There sure a a few quirks about the interface that I'm still getting used to.** Locked Bootloader and "crippled" Google Wallet - I know this is a touchy subject and people would rant over taking off a star just because it is the fault of AT&T; (I'm sure its only speculation but I do feel its true) but please understand that we are talking about the AT&T; version of the phone so I feel it valid. I'll go into more details below."Locked Bootloader":Most reviewers claim this is a non issue and it doesn't matter to the general public. But here's my take on this coming from personal experience. Android phones in general tend to lag behind in updates from carriers and companies due to the nature of the business and other factors. meanwhile the software ecosystem around Android keeps moving forward creating an unpleasant user experience as time goes along and we still cannot "upgrade" the phone as we are stuck in the contract cycle. I had this happen to me with Samsung Captivate - the phone came with "Eclair" version of Android and took 8 months after the release to move to Froyo and then another 6 months to Gingerbread. Meanwhile the user experience around Android apps was moving towards ICS. The only thing that kept me happy was that at the end of my official warranty period I could visit a development community and "upgrade" my phone unofficially to ICS. I also noticed that most of my coworkers who weren't software geeks had done that to their Sprint EVO phones too and claimed that that was the only thing keeping them on the phone long enough for the next best thing to arrive while not tied to a contract.

This is only my second review of anything and first of cell phone. I'll start off saying I've had near all major carriers at some point sprint Verizon t mobile and now att again. When time came for new contract I Did my research came down to this the 4s and galaxy s3...iPhone 4s screen just too small and not 4g..so really between this and s3. First off is build quality. This is first phone with sleek proper weight feel close to an iPhone. The design of the phone is great. The hardware is very similar to s3 don't care what anyone says the screen on this phone BLOWS EVERY OTHER SCREENS AWAY.  the galaxy s3 does have bigger screen slightly but pick it up feel like cheap plastic and super light for it's size. True u can't remove battery or sd card on this like s3 but battery life is good if u manage ur battery as good as all new smartphones,full day of use. To make up for lack of expandable sd access u get promotional 25gb on dropbox which is where I'd rather keep my downloaded music anyways so I think that cancels No sd access out. Beats audio speaker is Awesome I have pair of beats studios and amazing pairing. The new HTC sense ui is nice like better then Samsung touchwiz personally.  This phone is fast,Awesome screen, killer looking and just Awesome like my title says best smartphone I've ever owned and I've owned over 10(including all iPhones,think android much better but that's me) hope this helps $100 less the s3 and I Did a Month of research this is best att phone maybe just phone period right now.

You must have read many reviews about how great phone is but bad battery life. Let me add my two cents:Everything (signal, speed, interface) about the phone is great except for two things:1. There are AT&T; apps that you don't need that takes up space and send data and drain your battery for no other reason than that AT&T; want to benefit off of you.2. Battery lasts for one day of consistent usage, but it is new so I would need charge it more often. But can't really say much because it is on 4G LTE. You can download a 10 MB in 2 seconds. iPhone on the other hand lasts a day and a half but it's on 3G. And the 5 wont be on 4G either.Minor thing but you can't click on links, or numbers to call in the email app. You can only do that in the gmail app.

After waiting to get what I thought was a good Android Ice Cream Sandwich phone, thinking it would be a Samsung, I found the HTC One X. It's the total package of quality, WOW factor, and fun. I moved from my iPhone 3G with iOS 5 to this, and I think I've got the better product, and that includes my wife's iPhone 4S.PROS:Very high quality build/feel/look.Big, beautiful screen.Interface, once learned, is very useable and configurable.Easily transferred all old contacts/calendars from iPhone/Google.Great camera with many features.Decent battery life (lasts all day with heavy use).Very fast. (forget the quad core hangup, the Snapdragon processor, well... snaps)LTE capable. (soon in Seattle)All the apps I used for iPhone I have been able to get for my One X, except for a bridge scorepad app.Love the Dropbox feature for cloud storage. The laments about the memory aren't a factor for me at all. There's plenty for me, and the cloud storage is a plus.If you want an unlocked bootloader, then buy another phone, dummy. Who cares?Fun to use, and makes you smile when you do use it. It impresses your friends too.Lightweight, easy to hold and use.I like AT&T.; They've been great at support, courtesy, and service.Love the wi-fi hot spot capability.Speech recognition: after using the almost ubiquitous speech recognition for my HTC One X, I can report that it works exceedingly well. Instead of trying to type notes, I dictate them. It's incredibly fast and accurate. My iPhone friends are amazed.Face recognition to unlock the phone is very slick. I use it all the time.CONS:Learning curve. Have to get used to this device after iPhone, but once the different interface is learned, it's great. All it takes is trying out the settings and features and reading the supplied literature. It takes a day or two.Ear buds not provided for audio jack. I also understand that the premier audio phones that can be bought for a lot of money don't use the provided switch on the phones for on/off/increase/decease volume; only pause works. Not confirmed by me however.Dropbox makes you jump through a few hoops to get the extra 23GB of space, but once done, it's great, and easy to add more for free.

Looks and works great when it is all charged. However battery dies rapidly. No convenient way to carry extra battery!!With LTE, Wifi, GPS and Bluetooth turned off, it easily lasts all day. GPS seems to drain the battery the most.Bugs in wifi and switching tasks were fixed but there are still issues with power management.

Clearly, people who wrote all the positive reviews have owned this phone for less than a week. Otherwise, they would very likely run into all kinds of nasty surprises. The main one is the battery. It can die with no warning draining from 80% to zero in a matter of minutes, while the phone is in standby with GPS and Wi-Fi off, good cellular signal and no extra applications installed. In two months I've had this phone, it happened at least 10 times. A couple of times the phone just shut itself down in the middle of a phone call (with full battery).Also, the screen may be big and nice to look at, but it's actually turning out to be not very practical - the phone is large and is barely in the "pocket" category.From the functionality standpoint, this may be a fantastic phone.. when it works. And you never know when it might fail. In my book, I would choose reliability over the cool factor any day of the week. I'm actually wondering how I will survive the 2 year contract with AT&T; dealing with this disaster on a daily basis. Carry an *actual* cell phone as a backup? I already have a portable battery for "life support".. This is clearly the last HTC product I will ever buy.I'm actually considering buying a different phone without a contract and using the SIM card there. You make your conclusions.

HTC allows most of their new phones (including the international and Canadian versions of this one) to have their bootloader unlocked by visiting their web site (it does void the warranty), however AT&T; has prevented HTC from providing this service for the AT&T; branded version of this phone. A workaround exists to unlock the AT&T; version, but it is not for the feint of heart and may be patched so as to no longer work sometime in the future. My girlfriend and I bought this phone with the intent of flashing a custom ROM that has additional features, such as quiet hours and a separate volume for notifications, as well as no Sense UI (we think Sense seems somewhat unprofessional and less cohesive compared to vanilla ICS). Needless to say, we were extremely disappointed by AT&T;'s decision to artificially restrict this hardware.The hardware itself is exceptional and everything we could want, so if you are not the kind of person that would consider flashing a custom ROM, consider this a 5-star review. I'm docking two stars, though, because of AT&T;'s decision to forbid HTC from allowing customers to get the most from their expensive devices.Update: I've noticed that the plastic white backing has turned pinkish over the course of the few months that I've owned the phone (I don't use a case). The plug over the sim card is noticeably whiter than the rest of the phone, so it must be made of a different material that doesn't stain the way the rest of the phone does. I don't actually care that much, but if you're the kind of person that does, it's something to consider.
