
This was a perfect Christmas present. I bought together with the case hard shield cover and screen protectors. It was a new surprise, because he had been looking for this model. It was bit small in his big hands, but he didn't after a while.

El producto lo compre con muchas expectativas, mi objetivo era un celular no muy caro, que funcionara en Colombia, con un aspecto que pudiese compararse con un celular de una gama alta, con buenas caracter&iacute;sticas y creo que cumpli&oacute; con esas expectativas al 100%, lo &uacute;nico malo es que la calidad de las llamadas no es muy buena, y algunas aplicaciones como whatsapp tienen muchos problemas en windows phone. Recomendado para el que lo quiera comprar, es una buena inversi&oacute;n, ha sido de mucha utilidad en mi trabajo!.

Phone is good. Smooth and fast UI. But so many drawbacks and limitations of Windows phone 7.5. If Windows 8 update is available for this device then its better.

I bought this as a gift for one of my workmates, and he loves it so dearly.  He says it is working perfectly.

Update, 11 December 2012:  The battery in this phone rocks!  I had to make an important call while out, and saw as I placed the call the message that the phone's battery was "critically low."  I prayed that it would not cut out during the call, which took several minutes as the service representative I was talking to had to look things up and at one point had to have a conversation with his supervisor.  The battery apparently has a good reserve when it gives the "critically low" message, and stayed strong throughout the conversation.  The battery on my old stupid phone would have cut out early in the call.  This one gave me the reserve I needed, and I'm totally sold on that!I ordered this unlocked.  Was convinced it wasn't, and was madder than a wet hen, until I figured out I had the SIM in backwards.  AT&T; was very helpful in getting me started on using the phone, as I am totally dumb about smart phones.I have had a "stupid phone" for years, and have to say I really prefer 'em stupid.  But in this day and age, I have no choice (a condition that I do not like), so now I have a smart phone.This model is smaller than it seemed in the product description, and smaller than the loaner HTC I had from my older daughter (who is as smart and savvy about smart phones as I am stupid about them!).  Small as it is, it has a powerful vibrate, and since I will be carrying it in my bag instead of on my person, I appreciate that for the times I am in class or in a library or archive.  I have a nice holster for it to protect it in my bag from car and house keys and other dangerous objects.  And despite being smaller than I thought it would be, it fits in the hand very nicely, and I have rather large hands for a small woman (I stand 5'4" and my hands are the same size as my 5'9" tall husband's!)The black-on-black of the controls, and the tiny print on some things (like the model numbers and all inside on the back of the instrument) give me heartburn, as print gets smaller as we get older, and I'm 65.  I have to carry a magnifier with me to read all the instructions, at times!  And the tiny keyboard and my fat fingers have issues, too!  So that's a bit of a pain, but that's true across all brands of phones, not a problem with this one alone.  The controls along each side are difficult to see with them being black-on-black.  I suppose someone will say that I will get used to operating them by feel alone, but in order to get to that point, I have to be able to find them first!The sound seems to be good so far.  The screen is very readable, when I get around the lilliputian type font.  Colors are sharp.  On-screen controls respond well.As far as I can be happy with a smart phone, I'm pleased with this one.

I love this phone it's the best phone that I've ever owned.Thank you very much for allow me to voice my opinion.

This came with everything it was told and did everything that I expected it to do. Charges great, works awesome, very happy with the results.

Product came new in an unopened box, arrived on time, and the product is amazing!Though I don't recommend if using for another company other than AT&T.; I use Family Mobile, and I am unable to get 3g and 4g. Amazing product, but I won't be getting any phones other than T-Mobile brand from now on.

I did not like IOS or android so I wanted to try Windows phone and dont  regret my decision it is a great OS if you're not sure I advice you to give it a try.The phone itself is awesome, fantastic display, very fast and responsive, battery lasted a day of heavy use, camera is good but not fantastic. Overall, awesome phone with a great small design.I recommend this phone to everyone looking for a great screen with a confortable design and a very responsive OS.this phone has specs of a high end phone but a very reasonable price.PD: It is UNLOCKED! I'm using it in Venezuela with Movilnet and works great!

It's good product. Very nice. At first I worried about the quality of this phone. Now, all I can say is perfect

small, fast and reliable!!!, very nice secondary phone.8GB is a little tight and battery duration could be a little better, but for the price you can't go wrong!

To say this phone is poorly designed is an understatement. It is almost impossible to find a place to hold it along its edges without changing the ringer setting. Sneeze and it opens Bing, which I'm certain gave the Microsoft team a big chuckle and maybe even a bonus (all those unwanted hits are recorded by Bing, so it seems a real competitor to Google).Making a phone call (it IS a phone, right?) requires a three-stage process just to get to the dialing touch pad.If you want to return a call from someone in your address book, you see their name on your "history" page AND the number they called from. But when you press the screen to get to their name, you get their full listing, and you have to then choose which number to call, and then press the screen to have the phone dial that number. The Address Book is strictly alphabetical: to get to Ms. W you can scroll in only one direction, starting down from A.Speaking of alphabetical: the list of programs starts with Alarms and ends with Settings. You're forced to scroll down, past programs you may never use (what is "Now"?) to get to Settings, which you may often use to change ringtones, etc.It does have a sensitive gyroscope. Move a little bit and the images on the screen do a 90-degree turn. Try to move them back? Not so easy.And last but not least: if you need to download an update from Microsoft (which takes close to forever), you can't simply connect. The download comes through Microsoft's Zune. What? You're not a Zune "member" or customer? You have to sign up! Which takes more time.A dreadful combo of bad hardware design coupled with Windows at its worst.

Super easy user interface, very intuitive.It is not unlocked as stated - need to go online and open it for a fee

It's a shame, the phone is locked and can not be used. I do not understand because they offer the phone unlocked when it really is not. This is false advertising.

the phone was exactly like i expected it. the only issue i had was that i could not access the marketplace in my region (The Bahamas) but i was able to find a loophole. would reccomend this to anyone plus the price is good

I chose this phone after searching high &low for a smart phone that didn't have too many extremely annoying bells &whistles.  Phone delivery was quick and it came with a great set of ear phones(which I use on everything but the phon3, lol) Plus me and hubby had th3 the ever so brilliant idea to get unlocked phones so if 1 place pisses us ofr we can switch to another gsm carrier. But one thing I will say is I had a huge issue sending&receiving pictures or internet links.I took it to my phone carrier (Tmobile)and after the tech trying to trouble shoot the issue in person then him giving up and calling tech support for Tmobile, and they couldn't fix the issue either I thought all was lost and then phone was going to have to go back.But I started googling &#34;samsung focus flash ......trouble receiving media&#34;and came across a tech board where folks suggested entering specific codes geared towards your mobile provider. I did this, and then turned off the data on the phone(under phone settings) and then turned it right back on and I haven't had a issue since. So all in all turned out to be a good purchase.

i love this phone, it's sleek design makes it easy to carry around, has live tiles and touchscreen is the best. I highly recommend it for anyone

. . . The Windows' Marketplace sucks !!!Don't get me wrong, the phone itself is really nice (I only had it for less than 3 hours, so I'm not completely sure about all the features). My main concern was getting the apps that were on my old phone (Android) on there, BUT their marketplace really sucks. After I found out they didn't have the Instagram app, that was the deal breaker for me; it's the main social network that I'm on besides Twitter.I honestly don't know if Windows' plan on expanding their marketplace or whatever, but from my understanding, they do not plan on getting Instagram anytime soon or at all. But if you're not too big on apps and social networks (besides Twitter and Facebook), then by all means, get the phone, it's really nice, especially for the price. BUT if you're huge on apps, I suggest going to a phone with an Android or Apple market, they have a bigger and better variety of apps.

I had the Samsung widows phone previously but washed it.  Bought this one to replace it.  All I did was insert my current sim card, and it worked great. I did have to give it a hour to update my data account from AT & T so it did not have access to internet immediately, but after about an hour and resetting the phone my internet access was working great.  This phone has many great options, market place for AT&T is great.  The phone is slim, light weight, and cool looking.

Though I brought this phone in Feb 2013, just now I started use with T-Mobile package. I can&#8217;t setup my user profile in this phone as this is a Demo PHONE. It&#8217;s setup with MyAccount@hotmail.com which can&#8217;t be changed as it&#8217;s read only. The seller orderinstant(USA) has cheated me, so do not buy anything from orderinstant(USA).

Purchased this phone for my sister as a replacement for her Samsung Focus SGH-i917 which just stopped working and would not power on (despite having a new battery etc.). Later found that this has been a problem Samsung Focus owners had been having.Because she had loved that phone and was used to the operating system, we selected this particular model and she loves it.It is pretty good looking and the screen is nice and vibrant. The colors are very vivid and everything appears very clearly on it from videos to text. The build quality is very good and although the body is made of a plastic material it feels very sturdy. It is not as 'bulky' or as heavy as the other focus, and it fits very nicely in the hand.The phone is quite fast and seems to run all of the apps currently installed smoothly and without issue. The camera is also pretty good, though not as good as the aforementioned model of the Focus. Internet connectivity on wifi and through data plan is fast enough for her purposes. Battery life is also not too bad and is able to last the whole day, 7 am - 5 pm, with wifi and data internet connectivity turned off.The only issue she is having is with some of the limits it has. For example; there arent as many apps in the app store, and a vast majority of them look weird or are not as optimized or refined as those for other Mobile O.S's. She is constantly complaining about the facebook app. Another thing is the fact that it cannot connect to other bluetooth devices for some reason. I read somewhere that it can only connect to other windows phones.All in all she is happy with it so I'm giving it a full 5 Stars.

Nice phone at a nice price. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star was the screen, not very good when outdoors. All in all, good phone , great os.

The only complaint is those regarding the WP7 system, but is a great phone for its price. I cannot erase the phone messages with one option I have to erase one by one these messages.

the phone is in excellents conditions and looks very good, but didnt has charger. dont know where they left the charger. the other things are ok

The phone was exactly what I was looking for. It was a gift for my grandmother (her first smartphone) and it was perfect. It was exactly as described, and was shipped secure and fast. I could not be happier with the purchase.

I have been using smartphones since 2008, first on Windows Mobile 6 on a HTC Tilt, then iPhone 4, and I got bored of the iOS and wanted to try the Windows Mango interface.  I picked up the Samsung Omnia W (the international equiv. of Focus Flash), which is the newer model that replaces the original Omnia 7, and found it simple to use since day 1.  Skype is now fully integrated making it complete.  Here are the details tech summary:Key features:Super AMOLED Technology, WVGA (800 x 480) Internal Display Resolution3.7" Internal Display Size16 Million Internal Colour DepthGorilla GlassQuad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE supportDual-band 3G with HSDPA 14.4 Mbps and HSUPA 5.76MbpsWindows Phone 7.5 Mango1.4GHzQualcomm MSM8255 Snapdragon CPU, Adreno 205 GPU, 512MB of RAM5 megapixel autofocus camera with LED flash (FRONT Facing & BACK Facing!)720p video recording @30fps8GB of built-in storageStandard 3.5mm audio jackStandard microUSB port (charging, hooking up to PC via Zune)Wi-Fi b/g/nStereo Bluetooth 2.1Mobile Office document viewer/editorSocial network integration (Facebook/Google/Hotmail etc) and cloud servicesBuilt-in GPS receiver, A-GPSStereo FM Radio with RDS115.97 x 58.8 x 10.9mm Physical Dimension115.3g WeightAnother good thing compared to the iPhone is the integrated Internet Explorer for web browsing.It has ability to open up to six tabs at a time, and the performance is top notch - the browser relies on hardware graphics acceleration to provide smoother graphics (and video) and animation and uses the latest (and fastest) JavaScript engine too.  This is where the fast processor (1.4ghz Snapdragon CPU) really shines, and you can tell the difference compared to the 1st generation of Omnia 7 (which has slower CPU, but slightly bigger screen), released in early 2011.Overall this phone is speedy, extremely lightweight and portable (iPhone feels much heavier compared to this).  I really feel this is the Smartphone for all-ages, and enjoy the simplicity and speed while meeting my daily needs (Skype, Evernote, flawless Outlook Exchange & Gmail integration, nice Zune player, and HD camera).  Most importantly this is also UNLOCKED so I can just pop in a SIM when I travel (it uses the normal sized SIM, not micro-SIM).Good phone. For the ~$200 USD price, you can't go wrong.

Came great as it said cant believe it was for this price might says at&t but it didnt bother me put my t mobile sim card and worked great! However some setting tunning is required google will help ;)

I bought this phone for my teenage son after he had dropped his old phone and cracked the screen (it was not a Samsung). He is very happy with this one.

I purchased this case form my husband and he loves this case.  It fits well, looks great, and is affordable!

had this phone for about 5 months iv droped it 10000000 times not a scratch!! i love eerything about it runs fast, just about the best phone ever!!!

what a price and just in time to catch up with technology. it is fast and small and colorful and works. no 7.8 though.

Its okay

Unable to download picture messages. I need you to change it. What's your advice? Can you please change it? Please and thank you.

when i first got the phone i liked it untill i found out i couldnt recieve mms , also i was getting missed calls when the phone didnt even ring and the reciever was pure bs everytime i picked up  the phone  the person on the other end couldnt hear me EVER. Last but not least it kept freezing when i got a text  and when i turned the phone off n back on the text was no longer there ,not to mention this phone doesnt support anything like certain things i wanted to download i couldnt, no worries tho i sent it right back and got a full refund

Phone conditions is very good but its not unlocked. So its not what they claim. I tried mailing them but never got any reply.

Though the title on Amazon says that it has a microSD slot, it does not.  But I already knew that when i bought it.  But the title was deceptive. The phone came unlocked and I bought to for my Straighttalk plan.  The At&T sim card (normal sized) fit easily and I was up and ready to go in a few minutes and I have a 4G connection on this.  The phone is very slim, feels nice in your hand but is a bit slippery (hence the loss of one star). I suggest buying a case for the phone.  Otherwise everything was better than I expected.  The AMOLED display (similar to the retina display) is just bloody awesome.  I believe the phone has a 1.4 Ghz processor and the videos and games play real smooth.  The phone does not heat up much either.  Windows 7.5 Mango which is preinstalled has great apps on the web and is very easy and intuitive to navigate.  I am waiting for the 7.8 update that samsung has promised to release for this model.  The touch screen is really sensitive to touch and your navigation between panes is very easy too.  I just love this phone.  Have not regretted it.  Suggest getting a windows live account to use the Skydrive that automatically updates your files.  The most important feature is the preinstalled version of microsoft office and the availability of office 360 on it and your files sync automatically between your PC and your phone through skydrive (how cool is that).  Just great.  Also, you can connect to XBOX live online and play games. All this for a fraction of the cost of an iphone is just awesome.  The phone has two cameras front facing (for skype) and rear facing.  The pictures are pretty good and there is a software to auto-fix your pics if you want to.  Overall I am really impressed with the phone.  Though there was something strange about the battery.  It used to last for less than a day when I bought the phone. But once it got completely discharged and after recharging it, it now lasts for over 1.5 days on a single charge with normal browsing and a couple of calls a day. ANywy, I would recommend this phone to anyone.

I just bought this phone but apparently it still needs the unlock code. please help me thanks. my phone line is simple mobile and they asked me to call the person i got the phone from.

This is the unlocked phone, since I tried different sims from different phone providers and it's working fine.I am the iphone user. I bought this phone for my wife as the replacement.Pro: the touch is very responsive, the screen is pretty and clear, small enclosure, nice design, good battery life, windows phone 7.5 is nice and easy to use.Con: most of the time, I accidentally hit the search, up/down volume button which i don't mean to. Other than that, this is a good phone.After using this phone for few days, I am thinking to switch to this phone or similar from iphone.

I get this with some questions because im from El Salvador, but is full unlocked phone and a great hardware, i think is the better phone with Windows Phone in samsung gamma. Camera its full hd resolution i never seen pictures in great resolution than Samsung Focus Flash!!!

I bought this phone for my 85 year old father. He doesn't quite understand it, but it was easier for him to understand than a android phone. We used this phone as an ATT Go-Phone. No problems there.

The best windows phone in my opinion it , is a decent price range and it is compact, which i like .... furthermore it looks amazing

I had a Samsung Jack that I lost and was replaced by the Samsung Focus Flash. The 4G is nice. The processor in the phone is much faster than my old phone. I plugged it into my computer and synced it with Windows Live and I got everything back that was in my other phone. I was very happy with the ability and speed of the phone for browsing but completely disappointed with the battery life. I charge it all night and it goes dead by afternoon with little usage. I turned off everything that ran in the background, made sure the wifi and bluetooth were turned off, and turned on the battery saver as soon as I took it off the charger. It started by saying it had 20 hours of battery life with a full charge but is dead within 13 hours. Since the phone was new I had it replaced because of its battery life and the replacement is the same as well. I like the phone but don't like the battery life. I am getting the insurance is replacing with with a different phone hope to get one with better battery life.

I bought this cellphone because I had an emergency, I broke my ex cellphone and I needed one cheap and with a lot of things, and definitely this cellphone is one of those.Good things:1. the size and the weight.2. I wasn't sure about windows phone but I liked it, it has really cool things.3. the front camera, it is prefect for videocalls.4. the clock, because I was traveling and It was changing according with the time zone.5. the internal memory.6. it works perfectly with some apps like facebook, skype, whatsApp and Viber.7. the price.8. The Office is great.9. The Maps is great for traveling.Bad things:1. Because windows phne is kind of new it doesn't have enough apps for free as Android or iPhone.2. you can not add more extra space to the cellphone.3. I lost all my contacts from my ex cellphone, this one didn't reconize all my contacts.I think thats all, you get a great cellphone for the price that you pay, I have been using this phone for one month and I am fine with it :) I definitely recomend it to you.

The phone is ok, but cannot text pictures which I was hoping to be able to do.  Not sure if it's the phone or the Windows platform.

Speaker not working can't hear anything cant pick up the wifi . very disappointed in this order.wish i could return it but it's too late

This phone has great features, and WHEN it works it very nice. But from the second day I had it the phone freezes up when you try to make a call. And that happens at least once a day. What's the point of a phone that you can't make calls on? Its a shame really, the camera, the contact integration, everything about the phone is well made. It just freezes up way too much. Then you have to wait while it restarts, and it works from there on in until the next day. What a waste

I am spending a year working in Africa.  When my i-phone died, I wanted a replacement, but not a $500+ Smart Phone. This one fit the bill perfectly.Pro's: it works flawlessly as a phone.  Excellent 5mp camera with flash.  These are the 2 things I most need here.  Battery life is good - far better than I-phone. Windows gives decent access to the net.  Google search and mail are readily available.  Very good screen when the light is right.Con's: Screen hard to read in bright light; a problem with the camera.Contacts are through Windows Live - a klutzy thingAnnoying Bing screen  keeps coming up.For a little over a hundred bucks, a great choice!

This phone is fast and responsive, has short start-up time, love the display, interface and music app. This has a the Bing voice search/command feature which is very accurate (given proper articulate speech)I compared the web speeds(WIFI) of this with the iPhone4S and both were nearly identical.Overall its a great phone for the price. I gave it 4 stars because its not unlocked(which is not a problem for me but is misleading) and the camera is a bit lacking.

This model has all the required and important features.  Hardware is very stable and windows OS perfectly supports this hardware.

This phone was advertised as new but turned out to be used. It did not turn on and was returned.

Really enjoying the phone as it is my first smartphone. The WiFi is awesome and I can even use the 4G without a data plan. I choose to turn it off to save battery. Only problem is the info said it had a microSD Slot and I don't think it does have it...unless someone can help me with at. Awesome phone, screen is great, it would be a better phone if the screen was an inch wider and bigger. That is all.

This is the first smart phone I have purchased - My job involves testing all types of phones and tablets - We have every Apple device, all Kinldles and Google devices, and a good slice of all other Android phones and tablets.Windows phone is a far better user experience for me - I love the Tile format.  There are not as many apps as IPhone and Android but I really dont need 100,000 apps to get me through the day: It's a PHONE.And, Samsung made a solid device in the Focus Flash too.

Avg phone

This phone is not unlocked. I have tried to call AT&T to fix this, however, they are unable to unlock it for me. Waste of my time and money. Should not be listed as Unlocked. Should have read the reviews...

I recommend this device, It's very handy and gives a very good balance between price and features.The screen is a little bit opaque, some brightness is needed but everything else is fine.

I677 has 4g network this item only 3g network.market place can no work.this phone no from the usa.it looks like nsed

When I first got this phone, I thought it was the best I had ever had. It's so much faster than my previous smartphones, beautiful design, and easy to navigate.  I was in love.  However, a couple of weeks went by, and I realized that this phone was missing things I consider necessities.* The camera is the worst.  I have tried adjusting the settings to the highest quality, and they still come out blurry, discolored, etc. I am losing quality pictures of my family now.  I'm tempted to carry my old phone in my purse just for pictures.* No external SD.  I've never had a phone without one, so I didn't even think to check before I bought it.* Virtually NO APP SUPPORT!!!  No one has apps for Windows!!!  If you use coupon apps, Shopkick, Starbucks, play Candy Crush, listen to Pandora, you are 100% out of luck with this model.  Supposedly Pandora is on some Windows phones, but not this one.  I feel like I am now losing quite a lot of money due to the lack of coupon apps/Shopkick/etc. that I relied on heavily with my Android every single time I shopped. This has been the biggest pain for me, and would have been a dealbreaker if I had known.As far as the phone goes, texting, email, and Facebook, it does an awesome job.  But for me, this is just not what I bargained for.

i ordered this because ive never had a smart phone and i didnt want an android or an iphone. theyre too expensive! in total i paid $175 which is a great price for a smartphone! even my dad was like "whoa:o"...but anyway, this is a great phone. its super cute and light and sleek. it feels really nice when youre holding it. so far i havent had any problems with it. the phone itself is very fast and responsive as well as the internettt. its capable of wi-fi (which i used for a day until i got a data plan)..idk if its unlocked or not because i have at&t; and all i had to do was switch the sim card and i was set. the only problem i have is that it does not a have microSD slot but thats ok. i still love this phone...if youre having any doubts, DONT!! its a great phone! :D

Came with instructions in spanish and no ENGLISH, also no SIMS Card w/phone which means I would have 2 go to ATT and buy one! I sent it back since I didn't understand how to use it!!!

So I went from the Galaxy Note 2, to this phone.  My Note shattered when I dropped it, and I needed something fast and wanted to give Windows a shot without coughing up too much money.  This phone was actually faster than my Note 2.  It had a more smoother flow too it.  I'm not big on smaller phone, as I have a tendency to lose them often.  The biggest drawback was the microphone on the phone is really bad.  I had to get a headphone set just so people could hear me.  Even on speaker, it did not pick up anything I was saying at all.  I like it enough to say I will give Windows 1 more shot due to the speed.

phone ws sold as unlocked phone but is actually locked to at&t.  i have not been able to unlock it hence the phone is useless for me in africa. will never recommend it to anybody.

i bought it to use in Jamaica, all u had to do is put your sims from your old active phone and it was ready to go..screen keeps freezing have to take the battery out..sometime the people cant hear and u have to use tthe speaker. fb and other apps are sooooo slow!!

sent to my boyfriend and he loved it ,he only need to purchase an international sim card for itDo you sell sell SIM card to fit that phone

I recently sold my samsung focus and bought this one. At first I didn't quite enjoyed the smaller screen size but after a couple of days I realized that is the right size for me. Goes well in the pocket and its ease to have in the hand.The 1.4 Ghz processor is well noted in games like PES 2012 or even when seeing my XBL avatar on the game hub.Front facing camera goes well with skype or tango.I'm really hoping that this device will get apollo in a few months.Now the not so excellent part. The speaker is a little lower than the original focus, and sometimes the sounds are missing, like when locking the cell phone, or the first key stroke on a sms. But are minor things for a really exellent phone.

Love windows 7 OS its the easiest I've used, love the size fits in my hand like a phone should and the touch screen is very responsive.

The phone turns itself on & off, it will only dial 1 (my voicemail) i can't access anything to even use the phone, and WORST part is the replacement screen is as much as what i paid for the used phone $80. Waste of my part time money i make, which isn't much! I'm mad. (and some of my friends wonder why i'm sold as an iPhone chick?!)DON'T buy this phone!

My son had this phone and it dropped for the millionth time...bam...I ordered this one and he is happy. He loved this phone.

*UPDATE*Although the phone is unlocked, the device is branded AT&T.; This means you can't enable internet sharing on the phone until you visit / contact AT&T; :-(Otherwise, still a great buy.-- Original Review --The phone -1) Mine came with Windows 7.10, updated itself to 7.5 with no trouble at all.2) The model I received was branded AT&T; but was completely unlocked.3) Screen is bright indoors, not highly visible in direct or strong sunlight4) Audio is crisp and clear, call quality excellentThings it does well -1) Multiple email accounts! You can have more than one Exchange server account, multiple POP / IMAP accounts no problem. My old phone (Nokai e63) didn't support multiple exchange server accounts so this was a major item for me.2) Multi-calendar support! If you setup multiple accounts (Exchange, Hotmail, Google) the phone will sync your various calenders and color code each calender's items as they show up on the phone's calender. (VERY useful for me)3) Wifi works every time4) Market place - Not as many apps as Android or iPhone, but certainly a good selection nevertheless.5) Skype!6) Dual cameras, useful for item 5 above, although the cam doesn't come on automatically, you have to enable it every time.Things it doesn't do well -1) NO VPN support! Hopefully to be there in a future update :-(2) Custom ring tones - Really frustrating, you have to limit your ring tones to 40sec, the file has to be less than 1MB AND you must specify 'ringtone' as the genre for it to work. A little too much effort...3) Custom alert tones - Non-existent. You can't set a custom mp3 / wma file as your text alert or alarm tone. *rage*4) Can't copy items between calenders. *sigh*5) Switching between Wifi and Cellular data sometimes doesn't happen, you end up having to power cycle to re-connect to the cellular net after you turn off the wifiEnd Result -Perfect phone if you need to manage multiple email accounts and calenders, really fast and responsive and generally a joy to use. Skype with cam support is great if your connection is fast enough to use it.

Purchased 4 refurbishedFrom day one Speakers on one are not workingOn another the screen has frozen in less then a month.

I gave this cellphone as a gift to husband on Christmas. It is unlocked so we can just insert our tmobile sim. He likes it because its easy to use great resolution for pictures and light in weight. I would recommend this one.

The title to this item says it is ... Samsung focus flash - unlocked. but if u check the description it says .... NOT UNLOCKED! NOT UNLOCKED!Basically this is a misleading item .. either they should say unlocked but locked on ATT network or just say ATT phone .... dont mislead people by just putting "unlocked"in the title.I was thinking of buying this ... but forget it ...i cant trust u guys.

Not as listed from third party supplier Mango Wireless. International Omnia W model. No 4G only 3G, cannot register with Samsung therefore no warranty. I would not recommend this product for purchase in the US. Choose another supplier, I will be returning this product as it is not as advertised. However I already own one of these phones and I love it, best phone I ever bought so do not be afraid of the product, quality and durability are the top of the line, just make sure you are getting a US version product. Just a follow up, if you look at the pictures with the product that is what you should be getting. That is a US version phone, international version does not have a USB cable to connect to computer and charger, only a charger, there are tremendous differences between these two versions, do not let anyone tell you otherwise. Further update on this product. I have contacted all 3 of the Amazon third party sellers that they provide fulfillment for on this product. None of them can guarantee that you will receive actual Focus Flash. Until Amazon makes these sellers comply with an accurate product detail and it matches what it states in the item description I highly recommend you do not purchase if inside of the US, you will more than likely not receive a Focus Flash but rather its international version called Omnia W. Please save yourself the headaches I just went through. I purchased mine elsewhere for less money and it is an AT&T branded phone which is fine by me. Good luck and don't get caught up in this bait and switch, it is not worth it.

The phone arrived in good working order, and was clean and not damaged; as described.  I use my phone to check emails occasionally, to call, and sometimes browse the web.  This phone does all of those things well!  I was a bit surprised to find out that there are not that many apps available for Windows Phones as there are for Android, which I'd used previously.  It's not a deal killer, but a bit disappointing.  In general, it seems that the Windows system is a bit more of a monopoly than the Android (or iPhone) smart phones.  The one thing I really dislike about it is that it is not possible to use one of the songs from my music collection as the ringer!  The ring tones available on the phone are lame :-(

It has been in use and dropped several time but comes back to life. Good smartphone for stater and for the price

I bought this phone and it said it was new and it was a used phone with persons contact and name. each time you try to set up your email on it the phone reboot itself and delete everything!!! i would not recommend this phone and if i could give it a zero i would!!!

I received this product in good order and furthermore the delivery was quick.Although it stated that it was an unlocked phone it didn't work with another GSM chip other than the AT&T; one. I have heard that they can still unlock it, but basically that makes the phone useless to me, since I bought it for usage in Brazil (and of course cannot call AT&T; in the US, since that would be very expensive).I am very disappointed, since I won't be able to use the phone I bought.

It hangs up. Display is not as bright. I like windows platform but it's definitely a subpar phone. The call quality is good but you can't predict when it's going to act up so I might just be ringing but you won't be able to take a call

Bad experience. It wasn't unlocked and I couldn't hear a thing thru the receiver. The rest was ok. It was in good condition except for that.

This windows phone is for my dad.I played with and I was in love. It was quick on the wifi network .I have been reading the reviews below stating that it is locked. I stopped by a T Mobile store, the store manager graciously allowed me to test the phone on its network, I was not allowed to make a phone call using their SIM card but he was kind enough to allow me to check whether it received a T movile signal else I would have received a NO SIM error. The phone is currently in use outside U.S without any issuesThis is great light weight  phone for basic use of win 7.x.For this price you can't go wrong

The big brother and improved version of Samsung focus. It is excellent and user friendly with Windows Phone 7.5 . It will probably suppourt windows Phone 8 if it becomes Available to update for current Windows mobiles since it is the latest generation of Windows Phones.Though it has a small bug of frreze up the improved firmware is now available and has no problem since I updated it with new firmware.Pros:1. Better pixel density than focus.2. Faster 1.4 Ghz processor.3. Is capable of 4G.5. Is latest generation of Windows phone.6. Front facing camera for skype or video chat or video call7. Excellent 5 MP camera.Cons:1. Sometimes freeze up.(though updating firmware solves it muchly) but not completely.2. Smaller screen than samsung focus(3.7 vs 4 inches)So This is an excellent phone for the price.Just go for it. For its specs the phone should be sold for a price range of $250+.Update :12 August 2012After using phone for like 4 months I have following things to say:1. I havent faced a single phone freeze after the recent tango update(there is way to trick phone to update even though AT&T; doesnt push it)2. The app center is growing rapidly(In last few months as I myself have seen). There are a lots of apps tailored for your need.3. Games works great on this device no freezing and lagging.4. Some people haave said that they got a locked phone .I too got a locked phone but THIS PHONE WILL BE UNLOCKED BY AT&T; FOR FREE.Just call them and ask for an unlock code. They will give it right away to you no need to goto third party unlocker.5. Battery life is superb.

I purchased this phone to try out Straight Talk and eventually Simple Mobile rather than try them out on my principle cell phone, a Samsung Note II.  The Focus Flash phone is truly unlocked despite what some of the other reviewers stated.  I believe the problem those reviewers are having is enabling it adequately to access the internet using another service.  I had problems accessing the internet as well initially.  It took me a couple of days (and no help from Straight Talk, Samsung and AT&T and a little help (tiny) from this phone's seller) before I figured out how to enter the Straight Talk APN settings onto the Flash properly so that I could access the internet.  The Focus Flash has APN entries for user name and password which threw me off for awhile.  Also the proxy URL entry on the Focus Flash needed the IP address entry provided by Straight Talk and did not use the web address entry provided by Straight Talk.  One leaves the password entry blank on the Focus Flash which is counter intuitive.  Once I sorted this all out, I was able to access the internet just fine on the Focus Flash.  The first thing I noticed is that Windows phones have very few of the Android apps or any good apps for that matter.  I do think the Windows UI is nice but the lack of good apps is frustrating.  This phone has a smallish screen especially in comparison to the Note 2.  This is an adequate backup phone if one has the need for one which I do since I am using T-Mobile on my Note 2 for it's unlimited data.  Straight Talk (using the ATT sim card) has superior coverage in the hinterlands which I drive through daily; it is unfortunate that the Straight Talk fine print in their terms of use say it is forbidden to use their unlimited internet service to stream videos or use any other program that uses too much data.  It is my understanding that Simple Mobile controls data usage less explicitly per there terms of service but they do cut you off after about 2G per month.  It seems like the only unlimited data is T-Mobile hence my need for a second phone with Straight Talk's ATT sim card service since I drive through the country frequently to get to work and other places that I frequent.

Very disappointed, however, both companies BREED and Amazon stood by a complete refund.  3 out of 3 phones not working doesn't stack to well though, does it.

This the best phone i've ever used. Windows platform is way ahead in all respect except on the amout of applications available yet. I was wondering why people should be waisting their hard earned money on some other phones, simply because of the marketing hype, while this phone performs even better. I am happy i bought this phone.

Phone is UNLOCKED for sure, good for the price and works perfectly , it takes great pictures & the sound is not bad at all .I bought it as a gift for my mother. Windows phones are easy for daily use.

Phone is definitely unlocked. The screen is a bit small but the resolution is great. It's quick and easy to use.

So far I love this phone. It's fast and runs smoothly. When I got the phone it was locked to AT&T;, but all you have to do is call their customer service line and they will give you code to unlock it. Took me a while to figure out the phone because it is my first windows phone but I think I'm getting the hang of it. I did have one other issue and that was I could not receive or send picture messaging. However once I found the right site the fix was very easy.This is how you fix it if you're having that problem. Keep in mind you will have to update your  market place first (Or at least I did.) To get the "Samsung Zone" to appear. And please read the note at the bottom before thinking that it's not working once you get to the MMSC field.Go to the Marketplace, tap &#8220;Samsung Zone&#8221;, and download &#8220;Wireless Manager&#8221;Once that&#8217;s installed, open the Wireless Manager appGo to the &#8220;apn&#8221; screen, and tap &#8220;edit apn&#8221;Push the &#8220;+&#8221; button at the bottomFill out the data as follows: (any fields that I didn&#8217;t mention should be left at the defaults)APN Name: MMSProfile Category: MMSMMSC:[...] (Replace underscores with Periods, no space after http) *See Note*APN:wap.voicestream.comAuth type: noneProxy address:216.155.165.50Proxy port:8080Click the checkmark button on the toolbar*Note: When prompted that you cannot add any more characters in this field, simply add the next character, and each time you are prompted with the message, hit ok. But notice your character was still put in. You should be able to fit the entire thing now, but only one at a time.Credit to: xs2k (wpcentral)If you have any other questions about the phone just shoot a message in the review and I'll try my best to answer them but so far I'd say go ahead and get the phone, I'm not regretting it at all. And just for all you skeptics out there I'm not paid to talk about this phone. I have t-mobile and my LG mytouch was a piece of crap and wouldn't recommend that phone to anyone. I've just never had too much issue with Samsung before.

best purchase ever. i bought it from SurgeTelecom and it is brand new unlocked. i love this phone. and it has great features.

I'm an Iphone 5 owner.  I love my Iphone 5.  I am also a tech geek who likes to try out other things, frequently.  I was wanting to learn more about Windows Phone but didn't want to switch my phone with AT&T; as it is expensive to do.  So my wife had surprised me and bought this unlocked phone for me for a birthday present.  It is simply put a very nice phone.  Windows Phone software 7.5 is good, not great, but good.  The phone itself is really nice.  Good battery life and a battery that you can swap by removing the back cover.  This feature alone would give it 5 starts.  I don't like the sealed up battery on new phones, don't like the fact you have to return to a service center for a battery replacement.  Also if so inclined you could buy a spare battery and have it charged up and put it in your pocket then change it while you are out, if your battery runs low.  The battery life on this is pretty good.  The only complaint I have about this phone is the fonts are small and most are unchangeable.  When typing a text message, you cannot increase the font of the menu items (like send, attach, etc) and have to rely on the pictures.The phone has a beautiful screen and a great feel in your hand - feels solid and not cheesy.Well worth it for the money.  Since it is unlocked I was able to use either my tmobile standard size sim or my att standard size sim without any issues.

This Samsung I677 is a great phone with it's Windows operating system and it is my first smartphone.  I am very happy with the look and feel of this phone and particularly enjoy the relative ease of use. It has more features than I would ever use and there are enough Apps available for a new smartphone user with many more to come.  My son uses an iPhone4 and he highly recommended this phone for me.

just ok!

My husband loves this phoneI'm thinking of getting one for myselfI have the galaxy 2 n love it but I'm really falling in love with the focus

I needed a very user friendly smartphone for my wife, and Android was not it.When the unit first arrived. I had problems with it connecting to the 4G data.The cellphone was running an older version of Windows. Once I upgradedthe software, all of the headaches cleared.Pros-Small, light weight-High screen resolution-Intuitive GUI-Universal micro usb for chargingCons- The power button/screen lock on opposite side of vol. You will tend to press both, offsettingyour vol (very upsetting)- In order to upgrade the software, you will need a Window 7 computer and load Zune.- For the market to work, you will need to sign in with your Zune account (we do not have)

Use en su momento el Omnia 7 un tel&eacute;fono del 2010 y nada mal muy bueno, pero ahora por mi cumplea&ntilde;os me hice de este gran Focus Flash i677 que la verdad me sorprende lo compacto que es, super r&aacute;pido, la experiencia en Windows Phone 7 Mango se optimiza, muy buena c&aacute;mara, 3.7 " Super AMOLED es espectacular, excelente trabajo el que hizo Samsung, ahora bien como todo Windows Phone 7 lo malo es que no posee la caracter&iacute;stica de ponerle tarjeta MicroSD, as&iacute; que 8 GB es todo lo que se tiene, pero no es de morir, la c&aacute;mara es r&aacute;pida en la captura en video 720p muy bien logrados, el bot&oacute;n f&iacute;sico de c&aacute;mara bien colocado y muy &uacute;til lastima que en los Galaxy no existe, el material muy bueno metal con pl&aacute;stico el acabado es impecable, es un gran terminal super recomendado, funciona bien en Guatemala.

Am crazy about this phone i love it,and that is my first windows phone is cute .Came on time,the price was good.Great job guys

Good smartphone for the price. This is a Windows phone. Many apps are available from Marketplace. i'm just having trouble with my pictures. Can't send or receive them to and from another cell. I think i might need a data plan to send and receive pics. i'm going to add a data plan next month to see if i can start exchanging pics again.

I really do love this phone.  I had a smart phone, but it was when the first kinds of touch screen smart phones were coming out and it was straight garbage.  This phone is dynamite.  You know, if you aren't looking to get all the bells and whistles then this is a great phone.  The Windows Platform is not as bad as advertised.  I really enjoy the platform actually.  It is easy to use, and simple to learn.  The phone is lightning quick.  My biggest pet peeve though is there is no functional d-pad on the QWERTY touch screen pad.  It does get annoying some, but overall, it really is a minor issue.  I think the phone is great and I wouldn't trade it out.  I enjoy the heck out of it.  I'm a simple guy, and this all the fancy phone I need :-).

It is a good phone, and works good most of the time, the only problem with the phone i had is that sometimes it wont ring even when it is not on vibrate.. i have to turn it off and on to fix it, it has frozen 2 times in the past 6 months, my biggest problem is not actually with the phone but the operating system, the lack of a task manager kills me,

the phone is unlocked, with some at&t pre-install apps.  I bought this on 7/26/2012. the UI is more responsive than android phone.

I am amazed nobody ever told me this OS is completely locked-in, opposite to previous version of Windows Phone (6.0) I had. This version (7.1, 7.5) is crap. Let me tell you:- The only way you can load something in your phone is thru a kid-like interfase named Zune, which is good only for songs and stuff like that.- You cannot load external content, just thru Zune or from windows approved marketplace. NOTHING ELSE.- you cannot comunicate between your phone and PC unless you download Microsoft special environment.- your phone will be always invisible for File Manager, Windows Explorer or any other tool. No way to move files manually.- you only can access files thru Zune or having an account with hotmail AND windowsphone. When hotmail is down, your smartphone is no so smart. better be prepared to pay for a wideband connection.- you cannot use any other browser than IE. Not Opera, not Chrome, not Firefox, nothing.- adobe reader is allowed, but I never could download heavy files, and then just thru microsoft's own storage in the cloud. I could not use flash or any other tool like that.In the end, I do not blame MS but myself, I did not do the necessary market research and wasted my money into a locked-in operating system, so I only can look with envy when my pals play with their Android, Iphone and even Nokia devices.My only little, tiny revenge to date has been giving my wife a Samsung Ace for christmas.And please remember this phone HAS NO MICRO SD SLOT, all the 8GB memory is internal (just 6,5GB is free for you to use it), so you cannot access it without MS tools)

I was disappointed. Surprised my husband n Bought this phone for his Christmas present n had to send it back. He has T mobile and they said they didn't even know Samsung had a windows phone lol. We went to the store to see if there was something they could do to update the phone so we could do pic msgs. But other than that the phone was ok. The funny thing to me is my husband  is an electronics fanatic n this phone was hard for him to understand although he picked it. I told him I bet he didn't know this phone would give him a beating lol.

I bought this phone for my Husband and he liked it need to get used to it because he has never had a windows phone but his starting to get the hang of it.

I should say almost &#34;The best money I ever spent on a phone.&#34; because of the couple of problems that I had when it came to setting the phone up with AT&T prepaid service. AT&T was a lot of help with entering the new code into the phone so that the 3G would work properly. But the most annoying part was that the phone would not be seen by my computer and the Zune software so that it would sync the phone and be able to download my music and photos, etc. I contacted the seller MangoWireless after they had emailed me seeking a positive feed back on Amazon. Well I got a couple of replies about how they care about my satisfaction and how they would help resolve any problems.... HaHa what a joke they finally responded saying that I had to deal with Amazon fulfillment for my problem. After much time spent online I found the solution myself. It was an easy fix, so now my phone and computer are talking (syncing) and working properly. I got all the new updates to my phones programming, and loaded my music. Now this phone works WONDERFULLY. Let me tell you, this phone, once the issues are fixed this is the best money I spent on a phone. Just don't expect any help from the original product supplier. I totally reccomend this phone to anyone not afraid to find the fixes for themselves. it's Great!

Estoy realmente maravillado con este telefono, es excelente. La verdad es que el telefono si me llego bloqueado pero al momento de realizar la apertura de bandas fue muy sencillo. Excelente telefono y funciona muy bien con todos los operadores en Colombia.

This was my first "Smart Phone" purchase. I did not realize that not every Smart Phone does not have an external memory card slot. It makes you think, why in the world would you create a "Smart Phone" and then not have an functionality to have additonal storage?! So, I have ran into the problem of my phone telling me it can excute functions because I have run out of space. The only software that you can use to save any items is Zune. I have tried to install Zune several times, but it will not read my phone. When I connect my phone to my computer, it sees it as an MP3 player, not as a "Phone". I have pictures, videos and texts that I must save elsewhere. I emailed Samsung customer service and was told there are not other options to be able to save my items. So, I am trying to see if I can get something else but then I need to find out how will I get my items off of this phone? What a pain in the tail this has turned out to be. DON'T DO IT! U will be sorry.

While the phone isn't quite as powerful as the new devices coming out now (I think it only has a single core processor?), the phone still packs a punch - I haven't thrown anything at it that it hasn't been able to handle pretty smoothly.I like the phone's smaller size - It's very pocket friendly, even with a case on it.The only negative I can think of regarding the phone is the severely limited storage space. These days 8GB is not alot of room to work with and unlike it's predecessor, the phone does not have a MicroSD card slot to upgrade it's storage space.Capacity aside, this is a great phone.

El telefono en efecto est&aacute; desbloqueado, el sistema operativo es impresionante, corre bien, sofisticado y sencillo a la vez, excelente para quienes usan las redes sociales y gustan mantenerse actualizados en las noticias y acontecimientos y con sus contactos.

This phone is EVERYTHING I had hoped it would be and more.......I love all of the features it has and the speed is wonderful......Windows knocked one out of the park with this phone.....my 19 year old son has fallen in love with this machine as well....and the customer service I received when ordering this phone was fantastic!!! Very fast, the interaction I had with the seller was wonderful...a pleasant experience all the way around!!!!

Well i regret to inform I am not satisfied. The phone worked well the first week and never again. I am having hell now. The phone freezes constantly, turns off by itself. I also have problems making calls when trying to dial to make calls the screen blinks like a christmas light and when the call connects the person cannot hear me.I wish i could say i am pleased but i am not. I am a busy business woman in need of a reliable phone. I would like you to fix this problem or replace the phone. Otherwise please refund my money. Im truly was excited to get this phone but with these issues im not excited as you can imagine.
