
I returned the phone due to the treatment received by Tracfone's non-customer service responses. I was going to replace my daughter's brand new phone that tracfone deactivated after 1.5 months (it still had 1 year of service, triple minutes for life, and over 1,000 minutes remaining).

I love it

I bought this phone for its minutes plan, triple the minutes and it is what I got and can use them over a whole year, as for the phone , I would not pay more than the $12.00 that the phone costs without buying the minutes.

Phone works fine and I like the triple minutes for life, but phone was apparently an older model as the paper work, discount information for future minute purchases was quite outdated and not of any use to me.

The phone works.  Easy to use and navigate.  Style of phone depends on users taste.  This one is different than the last, and will likely be different than the next.

excellent value with added minutes card,replaced a previous same model and was cheaper to purchase it instead the card,also this unit came with a better battery than my previous one,that is just a matter of luck as it depends of shelf life.happy with this purchase.

I like this phone because came with 200 extra minutes on top of the 400 so instead of just 1200 minutes i got 1400. Also the phone battery lasts a while and i get coverage in most places i go and i travel a lot from state to state so I approve.&#34;Know the phone before you buy it..&#34;Quick specs;Talk time Up to 240 min .Combined with With digital camera .Weight 2.9 oz .Sensor resolution 0.3 megapixelsPersonal InformationManagementCalculator,Stopwatch,Alarm clock .Phone Book Entries Qty 100.0Run Time, Standby ( GSM ) -  up to 336.0 hour(s) .Messaging & Data FeaturesHTML Browser,Picture messages,Voice messages,Multimedia messages (MMS),Instant messages,Text messagesMiscellaneousCompliant Standards HAC(Hearing Aid Compatible)

It is an easy to use phone. Clear signal and good reception. Also a great value and I had it set up in minutesby going on line to Tracfone.com.

This phone was a replacement for one I had lost.  Since it was an older issue, I was unable to find this model in the stores, so I tried Amazon.com.  For people like me, who do not use a cell phone even daily, the Trakfones are ideal.  This phone does every thing I need, and more.  My main use is as a regular phone, so the contact feature is paramount for me.  I like the way it is organized and the grouping feature.  Being able to add email addresses has come in handy, also.Since it stays in my purse most of the time, the slider protection prevents accidentally turning it on and losing battery power.  The triple minutes feature saves lots of money, too.

Ordered two of these and had a problem with one.  It stopped working one week after but the seller sent a replacement and haven't had a problem since.  Works well for a basic phone and if you want to burn your minutes quickly, you can also do some basic web browsing.  Small screen though and not a lot of sound options but again, good for a basic phone.

I was a little worried about the slider model, but I love the phone! Extremely good price and with the triple minutes and the year service card I also purchased I am all set! No more monthly payments to Verizon Yeah!!

I got on Amazon with the intent of writing this review: Tracfone seems to ride on Verizon's towers, so it works better than any other no-contract phone in areas where Verizon is dominant. The phones are great, with all the basic features, and very sturdy.  I've dropped mine several times and it keeps on working well.  They're reasonably priced, and I note Amazon's prices even with added shipping are better than Wal-mart's or Tracfone's. Over the past 12 months I've spent a total of $360 for phone and cards. I saw on Tracfone's website an 'online only' offer to change my double minutes phone to a triple minutes for life phone for $30.  Great. But in fact it's cheaper to purchase a new phone with triple minutes on Amazon than it is to buy that card plus airtime.In the past year my computer has never allowed me to go online to purchase anything on the Tracfone website. I thought the problem was my laptop.  But my desktop blocked it also.  Windows won't let me email them either. I'm assuming the problem is over-vigilant anti-virus programs in my 2 computers.  But calling or texting customer service is just not wise.  There are language problems, and endless loops of annoying music.  I've been transferred through 3 levels of 'customer service', first when I tried to switch the phone from Verizon, then when I tried to buy air time.  Each time I eventually gave up and waited until I was near the store where I can buy aircards.  That's 25 miles away.Imagine my surprise to find Amazon has a decent selection of tracfones.  I can order on Amazon in a snap. These are basic phones with useful features.  You control the useage, and you always know how much time you have available. My work involves a lot of texting, and texts are cheap on tracfone. Try it. Order it on Amazon (where internet purchases are easy!), or pick it up at your local department store (where it will cost a little more--about the same as it costs on the tracfone website).  Just stay away from Tracfone customer service and you'll be fine.  I give the phones 4 stars.  They're fine, tough basic phones.  I give customer service 0 stars.  The composite score is 2 stars.

I like the triple minutes and all but the search turns and ring 're off while riding in my pocket

They send you a 100 dollar tracfone card, so duh that is a bargain right there for 100 dollars.As for the phone, I had this same phone when it was only double minutes and loved it.  I bought one of their fancy smart phones because it was a similar deal and was triple minutes.  It was a good deal, but for a guy like me who uses his phone to talk, go figure, this phone is perfect and very small and handy.  So I am super happy to get my favorite phone back with triple the minutes for life.  Love it and love the coverage, have never had a problem when I traveled.  I laugh at all the people who pay monthly what I pay yearly, and I can't stand smart phones anyhow.  Yes this doesn't have all the bells and whistles, but it is PERFECT for me.  I love it!!!!I would activate the phone first and then add the airtime.  this way you can be sure you get coverage before adding card.  if not, just use the card on a different phone, you only paid 79 bucks for the card, lol.Also, you get 420 days not 360 when adding the first card, so this would be a great choice for someone just wanting an emergency phone as well.  Lasts longer then just a year.On tracfone website this is not an option for my area, but I took a chance and it worked anyway.These phones are just miracles, between my wife and I we have had over 8 tracfones and they have never even came close to letting us down.  Never a single problem with the customer service or the phone service.

works good and simple.  Only complaint, same as others had, is that the back and browser button are the same and there is no way of changing that or turning off browser.  Got to be careful and not lose you minutes fast because of this button

great deal on the phone and minutes cant go wrong.  this is for my wife that rarely uses a phone at all.  don't like that is not a universal micro or mini usb charger.  its a proprietary plug in charger!

I really like this phone, but I only gave it 3 stars due to the battery only lasting 2-3 days, and I'm not even on it that often.  Otherwise, it has some really great features and is easy to use once you get use to the extra steps required performing some basic tasks.  Such as, deleting recent calls, text messages and sending a text message. I guess this is to protect you from deleting accidentally or sending a text to someone you really didn't intend to send it to.

I purchased this phone over a month ago now and am very pleased with its performance. The only dislikes are that the battery must be charged every three days, even if you do not use it much. My old Motorola flip phone would go about a week and I am not sure if its a bad battery or just made to be charged more frequently. Another issue is that, yes you have to watch for the browser button that others have complained about. I manage to hit once or twice myself but figured out how to open it with my left hand to help curb that problem. Other than than those two items I like this phone, but for those 2 dislikes I am giving it 4 Stars instead of 5. On the flip side, it is clear easy to operate, small and compact, easy to see outside and set-up is a snap on line with the use of the Tracfone website. Did not need customer service that others have complained about, so that is a good thing.I only use this phone when not at home and for long distance calls. I replaced a cellphone through Consumer Cellular that had 100 minutes/month ($18.95/month plan) before finding this one. Canceled that service and started with this Tracfone and will pay less than half for the same service. When activating on line I did nothing special and got about 2 months of extra time plus extra minutes, which was nice. When this time expires, I may just buy another phone rather than the 1 year 1200 minute card since the price seems to be the same here on Amazon. I also canceled my long distance service, on my land line phone, that cost me about $7.00/month extra and use this phone for long distance calls. Based on that reason for the 14 months/1200+ minutes alone it cost me less than keeping the long distance home phone service and I now have the mobility of a cell phone. This is a pretty good all around deal for someone who uses minimum cell phone time like me.

Only came with double the minutes, and all cupons were expired. Otherwise a nice basic phone, and very fast shipping

I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WHO IS LOOKING FOR A CHEAP PHONE TO HAVE FOR EMERGENCY USE.  I DO NOT USE IT OFTEN BUT IS A GREAT DEAL!!

I purchased this phone because of the triple minute feature and the price. After contacting tracfone to activate, I am informed that it is not compatable in my area. Had I known this I certainly wouldn't have purchased it. Sellers should know this and inform prospective customers before they make a purchase. Very unhappy about the inconvenience this has caused me. I should say this is probably a great phone and my ire is more directed at the seller.

Works fine and TracPhone Help center got me up and running in no time, the triple min. is a real plus

After my touch screen LG800 died, I tried this 301G slider. This eliminated my problem of &#34;Pocket dialing and Web access&#34; and wasting lots of minutes. This model is sometimes hard to slide up, and the minuscule buttons were a pain. I went to the LG440 and am very happy now. The Samsung 301 feels very cheap/flimsy. You get what you pay for!

Is the best deal for those of use who want to make a phone call now and then.  Get yours.

Phone arrived as expected and on time. Everything as it should be and I am very happy with this product. I get good reception in my area and the price of this phone and the service can't be beat.

I have been a Tracfone user for several years now and decided to get this one for my hubby.  This was an excellent price since it came with 1200 minutes and double minutes for life.  I read the reviews about people saying if you push a button it will eat all the minutes but we haven't had any problems.  I can't say that a Tracfone is for everyone but for us they are the perfect solution as we don't walk, drive and sit with our phones attached to our head or text that much.  We pay less for a year than most people pay for one month.

Just use for emergencies (never) and on trips.  Old phone stolen and minutes used up.  Actually am using some of the features of this phone.  Am almost glad the old was stolen.

I hesitated before ordering a phone online but was pleasantly surprised.  It arrived sooner than estimated, just as described.  Being all thumbs was not an obstacle - it activated easily, and was up and running promptly.  It is too bad that it didn't come with a user's manual, but that is an issue for Samsung, not the seller.  Everyone assumes the world is computer fluent and needs no instructions.  I haven't tried to reload minutes yet, but I'm sure they will triple as promised with no problem. I like the slider better than my old flip phone, but have to get used to not picking it up by the "end" button.  Sound is fine, graphics are good.  So far, so good.

Bought these phones for my elderly mom and friend.  They are easy to use and both of them liked the phone.  And the ring tone can be set pretty loud so even they can hear them.

Received promptly, activated phone and added minutes quickly, no problems! Opening the phone a little tricky but I'm sure I will get the hang of it as I use it.

I wanted a basic, cheap phone for my kids so they could call and text.  I didn't want them to be able to surf the internet with it, so this model seemed like it would fit the bill.  I purchased and returned three phones that didn't work.  Also, Tracfone's customer service was absolutely no help.

I got this for my sister and she loves it.  She has more minutes than with our previous pay as you go plan and she finds the phone easy to use.

I bought this for the triple minutes and 1 year service.The features are limited, evidently this is a 4-year old phone design, found that out after purchase was made.Bluetooth is only good for use with headset, not data transfer so I have to manually enter the numbers.I previously used a Motorola Razr3 which was a great phone, lasted me 7 years with no problems. I consider this disposable, but like I said Tracfone 3x minutes is the selling point. I am really disappointed with Tracfone service, in terms of registering the phone, adding minutes, and forget about getting customer service via human, 30+ minute wait, I called from skype because it was cheaper. At least I'm happy to be out of a damn monthly contract/bill.

The price is good,  for sure.  The phone is ok,  it is the old-fashioned type which,  purchased for an elderly person,  was what I wanted.  It would be better if the volume was louder,  for the same reason.  I made two attempts to activate via their interactive robotic phone process,  but ultimately this failed.  For the 3rd attempt,  I got a real person by selecting the option to buy additional services.  They had me put in a code that must have been 40 digits, no kidding,  and this finally worked.

What I need is a cell phone that is easy to use in making and receiving calls. This phone fills the bill. The price and the triple minutes are a great bonus. I am happy with the purchase.

Agree with most of the good reviews posted on this item.  Only wanted a phone to make voice calls and sometimes text. It will do that well.  And the cost with about 1400 minutes and a year of service is great.  Phone was packaged in retail form and had something saying $200 in coupons inside the package.  Only complaint is that there were 2 years of coupons good one each month but the last good coupon expired Dec 2013 so they were of no use.  Other than that phone works well.  We are in a very rural area and had limited Verizon service, but have found the coverage in Central Wisconsin very good.  We retired and had Verizon for years because it was the best when we traveled for work for many years thru all the USA.  Now no longer need the talk time or the smart phone use on this phone, we have another phone for that.  We should get away with a year of service for about  $6 a month.

Just what she wanted in a cell phone.  Didn't take to long to get it up and running.  Just as described

I Bought My Wife The T301G Phone. It Has a Year of Service!  It Works So Well, ThatI Bought 2 More!  One For Me And One For My Aunt.  We Don't Have To Worry AboutService For A Year, And, If We Do Run Over We Get Triple Minutes, When We Buy More!

Value is the word. I bought this phone because it was only 79.99, as I recall. It came with a one year card with 400 minutes that is tripled to 1200 minutes! Nice!

Great phone seller.  I'm very happy with this phone.  It came with 1 year service and 400 minute, which triple to 1200 minutes, plus 200 minutes from promotion code in the book that came with the phone.  So that's total up to 1400 minutes and the phone for $85.  One little problem is the fully charged phone drained faster than the book said it should last.

We love it...  IT is more powerfull than the LG 800 (full of gadjet but less reception than this small Samsung).. Good quality/price ratio.

Good basic phone. The triple minutes for life are a great deal and the card for minutes and and year of service works without any problems.  This is the 2nd one of these that I have purchased.  Just the minutes cost the same or more everywhere else and now I have a spare phone.

Love the fact that you get triple minutes with this phone. Tracfone is a cheap way to go if you don't talk much. Simple, basic phone.

I needed phone to replace older one.  Also has triple minutes. Only problem is low sounding ringer. Could be louder.

For someone like myself who only occasionally uses a cell phone, tracfone is the only way to go. High quality phone with one year service and more minutes than I will ever use is a no brainer.

Gave up my Verizon plan that I had for many years, am so glad I did. This phone is perfect! ..works well in the rural area in which we live, and the triple minutes are lasting well. All Good!!!! Would buy another if needed.

Good deal for the price. YES it is triple minutes for life!! For those of you who like prepaid, I would recommend it!

The phone is annoying due to the non-standard (not micro-USB) charge connection with no DC cable included to add insult to injury.  Worse still, there is no way to disable the useless expensive "browser" "feature" which randomly deducts minutes from your balance.  Other tracfones (for instance from LG) do have ability to "restrict data" which effectively neuters the dang button.THIS PHONE IS CRAP, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.  READ MY OTHER REVIEWS IF YOU DOUBT MY GENERALLY POSITIVE APPROACH TO ITEMS.Seller should clearly indicate in large bold type in item description that the phone has proprietary charger required.Seller should clearly indicate in large bold type in item description that the phone cannot disable an annoying useless feature.

GREAT AND EASY INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TOO SET UP AND USE, ECONOMICAL & DEPENDABLE & NO HIDDEN COSTS AND ON LINE INSTRUCTIONS.

This phone covers the basics very well.  Great coverage deep in the Wisconsin woods, worked well even with "zero" bars. The speaker volume was adequate if used as a phone without my hearing aid but really does not serve as a conference phone -- not a significant issue since most mobile phones are poor that way.But the big deal is the triple minutes feature and the included minutes.  For about the cost of a couple of months of a standard provider's basic service, I got a year's prepaid service at 100 minutes a month.  Excellent deal.

Bought this phone because it was the best deal I could find on minutes + time, etc. Better than adding minutes to my old phone, by a long shot. We like the phone, it seems easier to text than the old phone, but the ringer sure is quiet. I've got it at maximum + outside and I still have a hard time hearing it ringing, even when I'm right next to it. Have had it about a month and the change-over was relatively easy, and the phone is great. Thinking about buying a second one.....

what can I say it is a cell phone with all the problems and issues. ( OK, I hate the darned things, especially the audio both transmit and receive, landline POTS is still the best for audio and connections. however we must have out tether so we can be reached at a moments notice!!! I digress...)works fine in the city, seldom in mountains...gee who would guess!only issue with the phone is the speaker phone on/off is labeled backwards on the display....or I'm interpreting it backwards.the battery life is excellent!

This is a simple but smooth operating phone. The ring volume is just fine with about twenty included ring tones. The factory seting has the ringer starting soft and getting louder. I just changed mine to ring loud all the time that way I can catch it on the first or second ring. For some reason I have been getting text mail ads like text back and Win a new ... and such nonsense... I have blocked the numbers on the phone( a simple act) and gone online to their web site and opted out. Why do I have to wast my units of time on these ads.The phone comes with a number you enter on the Tracfone after you go to [...] web page. It alco comes with a little booklet of offers for minutes. One of them is two hundred free minutes plus 90 extra days ( code 94437 I think)added to your one year. So you end up with 1400 minutes and 365+90 days... fantastic deal.As a phone it is fine... no, it is not an iPhone or another fancy fone but a nice phone. The camera is a disapointment and just OK. Very low resolution,only 640 Kilopixls.You can record your own ring tones... like Hay Answer the phone, Yes you... but then I haven't figured out how to apply the ring tone... it says some sort of file format issue? Oh well... I'll try again. I think the manual can be downloaded  from online...Again simple well working phone. A very good buy and I would do it again. Shipping was about 48 hours... fast.

Well, what can I say.  I purchased this phone and when I went to activate the phone it would not work.  So.... I had to call and wait for Tracfone customer service.  They issued me a new phone but I had to argue with them that my original phone that I purchased here had triple minutes.  After much time on the phone to Tracfone it all was straightened out.  Before you buy, contact the seller so you don't have to go through what I did.  Who would know that this phone would not work in my area.  Good grief!

THIS IS A BASIC BUDGET PHONE FOR SAVE MONEY IF NOT WANT PAY TOO MUCH FOR THE CELLPHONE BILLS AND NO CONTRACT AT ALL.I'M NOT LIKE ONLY ONE THING OF THIS PHONE THAT'S THE SPEAKERPHONE TOO LOW HARD TO HEAR FOR FREE HAND ALSO AND THE SCREEN IS AUTO KEEPING BLOCKING BY ITSELF WASTE TIME FOR UNBLOCK IT,THE SERVICE IS GOOD SO FAR NOT SEE LOST MINUTES IF NOT TOUCH ON IT . I'M RATHER USE IT FOR TALK BUT JUST BACK UP IN CASE EMERGENCY CAN MAKE A CALL.I WILL BUY ANOTHER ONE AFTER ONE YEAR USED ALL MINUTES DONE. IT'S GOOD DEAL.I PREFER EVERYONE IF NEED THEN SHOULD HAVE ONE.I LIKE THIS ITEM BECAUSE THE PHONE IS TOO CHEAP NOT HAVE  TO WORRY OF LOST OR STOLEN.THE BATTERY CAN LAST LONG IN 48 HOURS ( 2 DAYS)BEFORE RECHARGE AGAIN.THE NUMBER DISPLAY IS BIG EASY CAN SEE.UPDATE INFORMATION : THE SERVICE MINUTES IS GOOD BUT THE PHONE IS BAD QUALITY. THE SPEAKER PHONE IS DAWN SLOW CAN'T NOT HERE CLEAR DEFECTIVE PHONE I GET.

When you get triple minutes for life you can accept some short-comings, like the small screen, and lousy customer care. But my wife needed a real key pad, and it works fine.  I Iike my LG 840. Also, we both have used Tracfones from Boston to San Diego and rarely have no service.  Not so with our other national carrier that would not even work in our house or 8 acre yard, though cell towers are clsse by.  Just hope you dont' need Tracfone's customer care....note it's no longer called customer service, and for good reason.

I bought this phone at a store in Billings, Montana. It could not be set up and had to be returned. Not every model of Tracfone works in every part of the country. Phones with data service, browsers, only work in the service areas in which they are registered. The hardware is usually fine, but the company does not fully disclose everything about their products.

For me, this phone is the perfect answer for my phone problems. Cheap price for phone calls anywhere in the U.S..

My teenage son thinks its great and likes the touch screen. It is not sensitive like the ipad. for older adults like me it is a small phone. triple min is great especially for kids. If you text alot this is probably not the most efficient way to do it. This phone is ave for a tracfone. You cant beat this price!!
