
Here's the spec posted on the website:Product FeaturesMinimum Rated Talk Time: 14 hoursMinimum Rated Standby Time: 570 hoursHere's what I got:Talk Time: 2 hoursStandby Time: &#60;20 hours ---- I turned off all wifi, app and other programs.The cell phone was not factory sealed...so it's not a surprise that battery quality is bad

Samsung Galaxy S Advance, i've had it for a couple of days and must say, this is a quick phone, no lag, loads all apps quickly and rendering is overall great, Android is very easy and intuitive, in my case i was looking for a 4" screen as this is sweetspot for me...S2 too large no word on S3 huge, and S advance gave me great specs... dual core, Super Amoled, 1gb ram(768 RAM available), and good battery life, no problem importing contacts from my old Blackberry...only thing waiting on ICS, which i hope it will come out soon, Samsung we are counting on you!!!.

Bought this as a gift. she absolutely loves it. great phone at a decent price.I would recommend.It came in its box totally sealed and undamaged.

From a hardware point of view, it accomplish all that is needed. However, the device comes with gb and still the jb update does not appears in the near future.  Giving the phone a dated look. And a little bit sluggish performance.

I bought this for my mother for her first smartphone. The phone size is perfect for someone with smaller hands or wants to be able to use just one hand/thumb to access the whole screen, and the resolution is is great for simple use. I am an avid high end android smartphone user (nexus line fan) so my expectations are set quite high. The phone comes with Gingerbread (2.3.6) but I installed a leaked Serbian Jelly Bean (4.1.2) rom. The phone works great but could be a little smoother (may happen with an official release, expected in late April 2013). I believe the slight lag from time to time is from the Samsung Touchwiz skin (I have yet to put a Vanilla or bare-bone Android Rom to test). I bench marked the phone with the Quadrant app an it scored (2,702) better than the Galaxy Nexus, and game play pretty well on it. The battery life will depend on how you use it. With moderate use and about 2-3 hours screen time I get from 16-26 hours. This broad range depends if I am on mobile data often or WiFi (saves battery for data). Also, I am using it on T-Mobile and download speeds peaked around 7 Mbps and average 3-4 Mbps. It will be used on AT&T.; The 3G frequencies 850 Mhz & 1900 MHz are good for AT&T;, and the 1900 MHz will work with T-Mobile where they have refarmed their towers for 3/4G [...]I ordered a case and a Mugen Power extended 1800 mAH extended battery (fits with stock back cover). I will update with my findings at a later date.Overall this is a great mid-range GSM unlocked smartphone for the price.

Did buy it for my Girlfriend, She loved it, and she still have it working with no problems after more than a year of usage.

I was looking for a mid price android device for my first smartphone and it has not let me down. It is pretty powerful. I still haven't fully tested it yet.It has a great antenna, I can talk and get signal where I couldn't with my previous phone, and it is pretty quick when loading and using applications.

I bougth it for use in Mexico, totally compatible with Telcel.Easy to setup and start using it.It was a gift for my wife to replace the older phone. Everyday she is more happy with the phone performance and capabilities.

me encanta este smartphone es lo mejor y la atenci&oacute;n del cliente suma mete efectiva lo enviaron r&aacute;pido y funciona muy bien aqu&iacute; en Venezuela...

very good phone for a person on a budget. Nice performance with the first Android, but once you upgrade to 4.0 the phone can be slow sometimes (more than you would like). Is a good phone for the price, also resistant and with good connectivity.

The phone is working good. I have no problem with it so far. It is working as I expected it to work.

Very light, easy to use. Screen is vivid, responsive and clear. Only missing thing is that it's not ICS. Overall worth the money paid.Amazon services and shipping is also great.

The phone is awesome but it has some antenna problems....Signal just drops (good coverage is proved)So its pretty annoying!!!!I don't really recommend this phone because of the antenna issue.Does anyone have any solution for this?

buy this phone because I wanted to change blackberry to android and was the best choice for the amount of features it has and the 5 megapixel camera takes high quality photos besides having LED flash. I regret very good change.

Works good, thank you. No problems that I could mention; this was a gift actually, and the owner is happy with it.

Lovely handset....economical option to the Sii or Siii once you purchase the 32G SD card. You'll be just fine for space. Camera takes lovely photos and video as well.

I've had this phone for 2 months and i have successfully used it on carriers in two different countries. Nice display, takes fine pictures, and i have had no problems with moderate usage. It is supposed to get the jelly bean update soon, so there really is not much of a reason to pay extra for the S3 Mini in my opinion. Plus if you are planning to keep this for a few years, the removable battery is also a big positive.

I Think is a must buy if you want a good phone with a moderate price, i bougth it for my parents and they are really happy with it

This is my first smartphone and I'm satisfied with it. I don't use many apps and I just do basic stuff in it.  My only complaint is that it takes a few seconds for taking a picture. Overall, it works fine.

Received cell phone has 4GB of internal memory, not 8 as the ad says. So put three star, the device is technically excellent

Despite what some people wrote, this is the 8gb version. You get 3.91gb of freely usable memory and 1.9gb system memory (i guess that's for apps) however, the rest of the 8gb is reserved for the operating system etc.Really a great phone.. won't find a better one for that price. only flaw: still waiting for icecream sandwich update.

I was quiet nervous while ordering a smartphone online as I've read many other reviews(not of this buyer) of people complaining that they received locked phone and various other issues. However, this buy deliver the product as promised. Totally loving it.

I'm from Venezuela and this phone really suited their needs as it lasted.Sadly it was stolen on a journey. Terrible way to lose a phone like this, but you can be shure it's a really good phone and I can totally recommend it, specially with a good cooked custom ROM like Slim Kat.

es de lo mejor este telefono me encanta es rapido resistente con se&ntilde;al potente para venezuela liberado a todas las operadoras recomendado 100% este vendedor super responsable

I just received the phone and is great, just like the other person who wrote his comment in the spec says that the phone has 8GB and the box also says it has 8GB of internal memory but it only has 4gb.on the other hand is a very good device, I recommend it not be disappointed, I am very happy with my purchase

it's a nice Cell phone but doesn't have zoom in camara and doesn't updated to version 4.1, samsung should improve this

It's a really good cell phone comparing with the other ones in this price range. I can recommend it despite I had a problem. But the problem was nothing about malfunction...

bought this as a gift for my wife. she absolutely loves it. great phone at a decent price.I  would recommend.

Pros:This phone is very sleek looking, like a mini S2. It is far better looking than the S3 and the S3 mini.A 4 inch screen is the sweet size for a smartphone; you can still use this phone with one hand.This phone easily fits in my pocket and I forget that it's there.If you are technically inclined, you can manually upgrade to Jellybean or flash a custom ROM and kernel.The dual core 1 Ghz processor is quite adequate for everything except very demanding gaming.Cons:Resolution is only 480x800 with pentile pixels.Only 768 mb of RAM. I would like to have gotten 1 Gb, but 768 is enough to multitask without many hiccups.Battery capacity is only 1500 mAh. They could have done better.Comes preloaded with Gingerbread and Samsung has only rolled out buggy 4.1.2 releases in Russian and Serbia.The stock Samsung Gingerbread and Jellybean ROMs drain the battery too fast (2-3% per hour when at idle).Free space is limited to a few gigs without adding a micro sd card.Overall this phone has been a good choice for me, especially after I flashed a custom ROM. I already have a Nexus 7 tablet, so I have no need for a smartphone with a big screen. I really wish more phone manufacturers would make phones with screen sizes around 4 inches with high end hardware and bigger batteries. It's unfortunate that those of us who want smaller screen sizes have to settle for midrange hardware specs and small batteries.

this phone was a gift for my father and for your little taste much technological knowledge is easy to handle.

It is what I expected. Really user friendly and it's pretty :-) The android version is not the latest one but according to price/quality relationship it is what I expected.

This is the best mobile i ever got.. so fast and efficient with many options and customization possibilities, starts up fast and battery lasts finefor its software is good, fast and doesnt hang but no upgrades for it and regarding apps download, if u will use it internationally play store will only be displaying whats available in your country unless you root it which is kinda difficult but doablei still luv it and works gr8 for me

I bought this phone as a gift for a cousin and she loved it. I had the chance to try it out, and the phone is incredibly fast and powerful. I am not much of a fan of Android phones, but this one I like. It came with all the accesories, plus an 8GB sd memory card. Note: It works perfectly with carriers such as Movistar, Movilnet and Digitel in Venezuela.

I'll keep this short, there are tons of info about this device everywhere online.I bought it from Wireless Everything and received a shiny, new Galaxy S Advance in perfect condition.  Only two unusual things to point out: the phone came in Romanian by default and included a quick start guide in Romanian.  Doesn't matter, you can download the English manual in PDF from Samsung's website.  Also the included AC charger is European, but the package included an adapter for US power outlets.  Everything booted up fine and the phone is in perfect condition.This is an excellent device for the price and I would classify it as an upper mid-range Android phone.  The hardware is capable of running most (if not all) applications and even 3D games.  Loading and closing applications is extremely fast, the touchscreen is highly responsive and the included battery lasts long enough (with low screen brightness, Wi-fi / GPS / Bluetooth off, and moderate calls, websurfing and apps, it has lasted me up to 2 full days!This phone's RAM is sufficient for even demanding users.  There is a big hype for ultra-high-end cellphones like the Galaxy S3 and its ridiculous 2 GB of RAM.  THAT IS *NOT* THE NEW STANDARD, unlike what some people believe.  Most people will only check their email and facebook and will have more than enough with 512 MB RAM.  The 768 MB (total, addressable amount is less in real life) of this phone will go a long way and should be plenty for the base system, multiple apps, and games.  Although not quite on par with its bigger sibling, the Galaxy S2, the S Advance accomplishes much at a very affordable price.  Some games I have played in this device include Cogs, Superbrothers: Sword and Sworcery, Swords and Soldiers, Waking Mars and Zen Bound 2.  All play perfectly.Just remember: smartphones are trendy at the moment and most people end up buying devices they don't need, that can barely use, or that are extremely overpowered for their needs.  If you are into things like e-book reading, web surfing, email, maps, games and things like that, this device is perfect for you.  If you have the money and really NEED something more powerful (i.e. LOTS of 3D gaming), consider the S2 or even S3.  But please, if your needs are listening to music and checking your email/facebook, consider some of the mid or mid-low range phones.  If quick response and solid build are of particular interest to you, then 300 or so dollars for this phone might be a good investment even if you won't reach its full potential.Sadly this phone comes with Android 2.3.6 (Gingerbread), a very good but relatively old version.  Samsung has promised an Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean) update for January 2013, which would place the Galaxy S Advance high among the list of desirable mid-range and upper-mid range smartphones for 2013.

The cell phone  is working normally, but I chose a black one, the box is written black and I received a white  device. Something going be wrong ...

This cellphone is all I was looking for, a good smart phone with accesible price, fast, with a big screen, good resolution, good internal memory but capable to use MicroSD card. I'm using it in Venezuela and works great since day 1. It look strong but is light and fine, it's not as big as another samsungs, that is important to me because I have small hands and didn't want a phone that looked like a small tablet when I'm using it. I bought it a flexible case but even with that when I (accidentally) dropped it of a couple of times, the phone didn't feel it, is not as delicate as you can expect from this kind of phones.I have to say that I'm not a app freak or anything close to that, so I use it for normal phone purposes, some small games with no challenging graphics, a lot of personal information like notes, appointments, calendars, photos, some internet use like searches, whatsapp, mails, etc. So if you are a heavy user just look the specification to see if is enough for you. But if you have, like me, a small to medium budget and you want a smart phone with good performance, good quality, easy to use. I surely recommend you this.

i recommend this product..i own this now for a month and it does the job..for it's price it is a great stuff

This cell phone has a very nice screen, with the amoled technology im very happy with it, the dual core processor gives me enough juice to run my apps in a very smooth way, i dont play much so i dont know how to rate it the gaming capabilities.The size is enough for me, cause the s2 its too big, to be confortable, this has an inch or maybe two less than the s2.I rated with four stars cause this product came with EUROPEAN battery connection! its 220!! i cant use it. came with an adaptor but the charger its really useless. So i charge it via usb.I was amazed by the earphones it came, was very nice earphones use it all the time. Now just waiting for the upgrade to jelly bean, and it came with 4 apps of tmobile of a place i dont know, that u cant uninstall unless u root it.But overall is an amazing phone for the price that has the same specs for iphone 4s.

I was delivered on time. Works very well. True value for money.the correct size phone too many of the newer phones are much too large for normal use.

the cellphone is perfect, I bought the 8GB version, but they gave me the 4gb version, not the 8GB version.!

phone is tremendous, is just what I was looking for, I loved it, I recommend it to everyone. thank you very much

This is my first Android and it is an excellent phone. Had the luck that it came with Andriod 4.1.2 (Jellybean). Phone was easy to setup (with google account). Unlocked phone just slide your GSM chip and the phone is ready to go. This phone is more in the mid range smartphones due to the new phone out there, but this phone can handle all apps like for office files, pdf, emails all google apps. The Camera is good takes nice pictures and front camera is good for skype video calls.  Screen is very vivid and good resolution. It can handle various apps at the same time good on multitasking.Bought it from HassleFreeCell.

Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product. El telefono esta funcionando perfectamente bien. Gracias

The cellphone is very good. It's my very first touchscreen phone and it's fast and easy to use. It came in its box totally sealed and undamaged. I'm very happy.

The Samsung Galaxy S Advance GT-i9070 is an excellent high-end phone. I recommend it mainly because of its moderate size and 4-inch screen, a good processor and the ability to upgrade to Android 4.1.2One drawback is that the screen is low resolution compared to iPhone, however this phone has been one of the best I've had, especially for its high price-benefit ratio. For $ 230, I would not hesitate to buy this phone again.

Unlocked cell phone, android, really was a good option for me that I took it to my city without problems.

Good piece, feels well in hand and has overall good performance. Good screen and fast response.Good value for money. The quad-band, which is usually found only in more expensive phones, is a very nice pro for me - I don't have reception in my house, so the network backs to the 850 band. Usually all cell phones (in all networks) have very poor reception in my house, but this one works good!5th star is missing due to some malfunctions here and there. Needs to be restarted about once a week (!), but you can never really know if its the phone or the applications fault...Also - hope it will get ICS.

the phone is beautiful. But i'm surprised they write on the the specification that the internal memory have 8gb but it's not true. it have 4gb.

I thought long before deciding to buy this Galaxy S Advance, for me its perfect it has the 4 inch screen and its very thin.Its really a wonderfull phone, it has a brilliant display and its really fast.So far I had no drawbacks on the phone and with the aditional SD Card I can put all my music, videos and pictures on it. SO the available space you can use for Apps and thats more than suficient.The seller was Wireless Everything he sended the phone very fast, the only drawback is that its a UK Version so you get the UK plug in, the include a adapter but its a cheap quality so on the long run you need to get a quality adapter.Overall its a very good smartphone for a very good price, Im very happy about it.

Just as described, the AMOLED screen is great, very vivid, and the blacks are really black. Phone responds quickly to commands and has no drawbacks. I do have a first generation Evo, but this phone is perfect for travelling!

The phone has clear screen...responds fast and sound quality is clear.  So far no drop calls....signal strength is high.  Its a great phone.

It is my firts time using Samsung.  Good Phone, technology, still i hacer todo explorar it but informaci&oacute;n the begining works nice

Exce llente pro duct, and go od loo king for me, tha nks for the cell phone. have a good day

I really like it. It is what I expected, very light, easy to handle. I would purchase another Samsung phone in a bit.
