
We bought this for my wife when her phone flew out the window of the bus in Tahiti.  It is a decent little android phone that worked just fine for the few months she needed it until she could upgrade again.

I ordered this phone a couple of days ago, and fortunately is eligible for Prime, so the shipping was quick.  Once I got the phone, I tried it out and it works very well for a $70 phone.  I can actually play certain versions of angry birds, which I thought I would not be able to do with such a low-quality smartphone.  The speed is nice; once in a while the phone locks up, but that's not a big deal.  The screen has a very nice, high resolution display.  The only problem is that I cannot tell apps and games from the play store to automatically download and install to my sd card, but on the other hand there probably wouldn't be any games or apps that my phone could handle that would exceed my phone's built-in memory limit.  The internet is relatively fast, although it sometimes takes longer than usual to open a more complex web page.  I downloaded the Dolphin web browser for Android, and it is faster than the default browser.  Another problem with the phone is that when it came, I did not find the 2GB micro SD card that Amazon said would be included with the phone, but I had my own 4GB that I had previously bought, so it wasn't a problem for me.  The slide-out keyboard on the phone is okay; the keys feel slightly mushy when pressed and aren't raised to much from the body of the phone.  The capacitive screen is very sensitive, making it easy to navigate different areas of the phone.

EL producto llego al tiempo indicado, apenas abr&iacute; la caja le coloque un SIM CARD Movilnet y salieron llamadas de inmediato sin ning&uacute;n problema, es de buena calidad, lo compre desde M&eacute;rida Venezuela, recomiendo 100% al vendedor.

Okay, first I never used sharp cellphones, I had the TV and other appliances but never had a cellphone so I tried and OMG! My husband is loving it. The functionality is easy, everything works, good for people who started to like and want to try a touch screen phone. The camera did a good picture result, typing is same with your keyboard it's qwerty, and other cool stuff to do... since it has wifi, emailing is not a problem and browsing the net. So I keep checking if I can buy the same product cheaper and luckily I did! I just bought one from a different seller so low low price than this and I can't wait to receive it. Amazon seller are fantastic! No more Ebay for me.. I always been lucky here with good price and good product quality. Reading the reviews will also help picking the right item.

very pleased with the cost and efficiency of the product. It was exactly what I was looking for and fulfilled my needs perfectly. thanks

My wife loves the key board etc.  The battery seemed to loose its charge at first but got better after a few weeks and using an eraser on the contacts.  I have read the battery lasts 30 hrs with light use.  That seems about right.The point of this review, however, is the allusive fix for sending and receiving pics with text messaging.  In our case I discovered that the phone had no data connection with wifi off.  Here is what I had to do.  We use t-mobile or tmobile.  This is on their site, but what we got over the phone was a little different.  I am putting our experience.From the Home screen, press the Menu key.Touch Settings, Wireless & Networks,Verify that the Airplane Mode or Flight Mode check box is cleared.Scroll down to "Mobile Networks" tap itverify that Data Enabled is checkedData Roaming is check in my caseNote: This incurs charges if you roam internationally.Touch "Access Point Names" or APNs.Press the Menu key.Touch Reset to default. (family mobile says to check your connection, but it didn't work at this point for us)press the Menu key, and touch New APN.Tap Name type "familymobile"Tap APN and type web.omwtoday.com then tap okProxy: &lt;Not set>Port: &lt;Not set>Username: &lt;Not set>Password: &lt;Not set>Server: &lt;Not set>scroll down toMMSC tap MMSC type [...]MMS proxy: &lt;Not set>MMS port: &lt;Not set>MCC: 310 (I did not need to enter this but it is there now)MNC: 260 (I did not need to enter this but it is there now)Authentication type: &lt;Not set>I had to tap "save" on the bottom left after which I had a data connection without using wifi.  Then sending and receiving texts with pics worked.  This fix makes the phone a good value for us.

Was told that it didn't need a data plan but that was wrong. Had to make a deal with art for it to work.

At first the phone worked great but in a matter of about 3 months it started saying that the Sims have been removed and I have to turn it off and back on. Sometimes when it gets stuck in the no Sims mode it won't power off and I have to remove the battery to turn it off. And...the microphone on my voice text keyboard disappeared and I no longer can do voice text and I'm not a great texter. Also, I have to charge it every night and it has to charge all night and some of the next day for it to be fully charged. If you use it just for a little while you can see the big difference on the battery bar. If it wasn't for these issues it would be a great phone because everything else works fine. I only paid $53 for it and I guess the saying is true, You get what you pay for!

I've been on the phone since I got this thing...No NOT complaining! HA HA I LOVE this baby! It does it ALL Andriod features and all, the only draw back is the internal memory is a bit smal so you MUST put a mem card in if you want to store apps, etc. Other than that THIS is a GREAT smart phone for a GREAT price point! THANKS!

this phone was new. the phone was unlocked and came with a sd card ...they shipped the phone very fast. the only problem is that the internet does not work ...update....had the phone a week and all it does is shut off and restart all day long....total junk..

Buen tel&eacute;fono. Funciona perfecto. La calidad es buena. Solo le falta que la gente de SHARP actualicen el sistema operativo de 2.2 A 2.3

the battery does not hold a charge every time you use it it must be charged save your money.buy a  better one if you can.

what happened with the sd card?no sd card as the box says, the battery was used dont look new, but the phone work well

I have ordered this phone for my friend in Indonesia because his phone was stolen. He urgently needed a phone, but the prices are very high there for electronics. I have decided to help him with a phone and chosen H & P Electronics. The phone arrived there very fast and even though it had tax requirements out of their control, they gave me an excellent service, helped making phone-calls and sent me e-mails about the status of my package. I highly recommend H& P Electronics to anyone who needs a fast and reliable service. Thank you Andy for being so helpful!! I appreciate it!!

For users who want to start experimenting with the system at a low price android this is the ideal choice. This phone has a little of everything and it works pretty well to my liking. This was done very quickly. Very happy with the purchase.

The phone is everything I was hoping for except the battery life and a minor problem.  The battery has to be re-charged every day because all the apps use a lot of power.  Also there is a message stating the SD card is not in. but it is. When I read the online reviews, some people had the same problem but I can live with it.I can't believe just how many Apps there are on this phone.  It's great!

nice phone, no problems with it, kid's happy with it. would recommend it. kid likes it, so i'm happy..

i really like this phone alot , i was using this phone alot an i loved to text till one day wen i got home an called a friend an lolz i could hear them but they couldnt hear me errrr !! i was so mad . not worth the buy an dont buy this phone.

Awesome phone... It&#34;s worth more than  the price... I love it. The phone Features are great.  I wil buy it again...

Bought this phone for my son and he loved it. He has no bad comment on this product. Recommend to first time smartphone users.

as I got this phone it keep cutting off and it run hot, have a mine of it owned it keep calling people on its owned. and have to charge up every seck this is my worse phone I ever bye.

muy bueno recomendado full fue un plaser hacer negocios con este proveedor se lo recomiendo a todos el save tratar sus clientes

this is phone for a little girl. it's a little heavy but, is very useful at moment to chat. now works fine after 1 month of a &#34;youth&#34; use.

Unfortunately this device did not live long enough to give it a real review.  I worked for a wireless carrier for many years and understand all the different methods of troubleshooting mobile devices. this device completely died.Pros:  Feel of device is great.  Small enough that it fits in a pocket and the keyboard was simple.Cons:  Device only has 25mb of device memory which disabled you from downloading apps from the play store.  Due to lack of memory, your device will prevent incoming or outgoing text messages.  The battery life was subpar even for an Android device.  Unable to update device to a newer version of Android due to hardware limitations.  completely stopped functioning after 4 days.Recommendation:  Do not buy this device as an everyday phone or for someone who is a heavy user.  Good device as a prepaid NON-DATA using device.

This phone is great if you're looking to become very close with your local police department. The emergency call button is not affected by the lock screen, so it doesn't take much for you to pocket dial 911 anywheres from three to seven times while working. Aside from this horribly annoying feature this thing is the glitchiest little hunk of plastic I've ever had the displeasure of owning. I've only had it for a few weeks and I am returning it as soon as possible.

I bought this phone hopping for a good tolerable smartphone! But this phone freezes all the time I have to restart it several times a day! The service is not good and over all worked for the first week then became crappy! Keeps telling me that my storage is low when I have a 32 gigabyte sd card in it! Overall not worth your money!

Loving this phone I only ask for one favor please increase the internal memoryI am just loving this phone

I've only used this phone for a day, so it's possible some of the problems are just a matter of me figuring out how to use the thing. Overall though, it's everything I would expect from an Android phone, for about a third of the price.The problems I've encountered, and mind you I live in Honduras where we do many things differently:MMI responses seem to be in error, even though the MMI codes were handled correctly by the phone carrier. (I don't expect this is a problem with the way I use it.)I bought a data subscription from phone carrier, but the phone is not getting Internet. I will keep looking on this one; it's possible there's some bizarre setting I need to switch on, still looking.The phone works fine with wi-fi. The processor is faster than the Android phone I bought from Samsung a year ago.Overall, a good unlocked phone that won't even cost you a c-note.

The opperating system is realy fast and i had no issue with the internet or texting. However when it came to calls the phone would: drop the calls, start crackling, mute itself, and wouldnt ring. I would not recomend this phone

not bad at all is good for that price nothing better  for that price  good deal yup is  okay people

I brought this phone after my wife drunkly tossed my HTC out the window. it works ok for what it is. Kinda slow processing when your used to other smart phones and a bit glitchy especially if you leave it on all the time. So far my battery charge lasts me a day or two at most and this little sucker can stand up to abusment. So it's a good back up or replacement but if you have money or can wait i'd suggest something better

Honestly, some people should NOT leave reviews. They comment on items that are not even applicable.I ordered this phone to replace a 3rd Samsung Impression 877(which is the worst phone ever perpetrated onto the world)I researched for phones that were smart phones, but did NOT require a data plan. This one suited everything I needed in the phone I was looking to replace.It has excellent call quality, great slide-out keyboard. The screen is extremely sensitive, so I don't know why some are saying that it isn't.I've had it for 2 weeks now, and wanted to hold off reviewing it before leaving a review. And when people leave reviews, I wish they would consider that they're reviewing the PRODUCT, not the seller or transaction. I get so tired of hearing about how LONG it took an item to receive, or if they have a certain problem with a seller. This has NO bearing on the item.If you're looking for a NO-DATA required smart phone, but don't want to spend $400, this is a WONDERFUL phone and I highly recommend it.  If I had anything negative to say about it, it's just that the internal storage is only 512 mb. Many of the internal system apps are required on the phone. I did install a 32 GB micro sd card, but many system apps cannot be moved to the external storage!! And YES, it DOES support 32 gb micro SD cards.Buy it, you won't be dispappointed (unless you're expecting a Droid DNA, I-phone 5 or Samsung Galaxy 4).And it DID come with a 2 GB micro SD card.

Very nice Cell, android excellent OS for smartsphones the only bad things are that always you need a micro sd for saving pictures and videos and skype does not work with the camera, also the phone has a very limited space of built in memory.The rest excellent

THIS PHONE HAS TO BE CHARGED EVERY HALF AN HOUR. FOR A 3G PHONE THIS IS A TERRIBLE TERRIBLE PRODUCT AND EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN DOWNLOAD APPS WHATS THE SENSE WHEN THE BATTERY RUNS OUT EVERY TWENTY MINUTES WHEN YOU ARE ONLINE. THIS PHONE IS NOT GOOD FOR ONLINE USE AND THE SCREEN DOES WHAT IT LIKES. IT SHUTS OFF ON ITS OWN AND SWITCHES TO WHATEVER IT WANTS. I GAVE IT A TWO STAR BECAUSE IT MAKES THE CALLS THAT YOU DIAL AND HAS GOOD CLARITY. OTHERWISE ITS JUST A PIECE OF JUNK

The phone works fairly well. It did freeze up once, but has not dropped any calls. It is an older android model, but gets the job done, and is reasonably priced. The battery life is terrible even for an older android  phone. The slide out keyboard is nice. I often find it easier/faster to use it rather than the touch screen.If the battery life was better, it would have earned an extra star. ******I feel it only fair to add that I do live in an area where my cell signal comes and goes, and because of this the phone does use more energy as it is in search mode a lot****

I love how the phone keeps track of the message timing sent to my phone, even when my phone is off!

I'm really not the kind of person who is in to smartphones but I must say, this phone has been a pleasent surprise. It does all the basic things I need it to do plus a whole lot more. If you're looking for an alternative to those expensive smartphones, this is the phone for you.

I am happy with the purchase, only drawback I cannot delete text messages individually.  It was also unlocked as advertised.

very very good

I've had this phone for two weeks and after 3 days of having it, it randomly turns off all the time. It says the SDcard is removed half the time so I can't access my photos. If its charging for longer than 5 hours it overheats and turns itself off and you have to take the battery out and put it back in to get it to turn back on. The touch screen also freezes so you can't do anything on it. The only good thing is the keyboard. Very unsatisfied with this product.

I absolutely hate this phone. Thought I was getting a deal but with low memory it has i wished id paid the xtra cash to get a real smartphone. Ive had this phone three days and all it does is block my tex due to low memory.I have no pics no xtra apps and I still get low memory.This is very aggravating when u tex a lot and use the social networks.I thought this phone was for texting and use of social networks? Ive been trying to free up space for the past couple hours now just to receive text messeges.Keeps saying text messege is full and I don't have any text sent or received.If theres something im missing about this phone please let me know.I read the comments about how good the phone is for the price but its obvious everyones not having this problem.

First i have to say I LOVE the keyboard. The phone was easy to use and it was fast when accessing the internet.Now here are the problems that made me send it back.1 the battery drained quickly. I could not go 4 to 5 hours without needing to charge the phone again.2 the memory was not enough for me. This phone is loaded with not needed apps that took up way too much space. I placed two apps that I use almost everyday and already was at the limit of space.3 When I tried to move my apps to the SD card to conserve memory the apps stopped working. I have done this with all of my other phones so I know the apps should work even when transferred to SD card.

The OS is buggy and freezes the touch screen after every call. You can not use any of the buttons to receive or make a call neither can you turn off equipment with the power button.Only way to reboot is manually remove the battery to restart.Had to return it after a couple of tries.

It is hard to complain about a $65 touchscreen slider smart phone.  Honestly, I don't know they sell these thing this cheap.  The phone works like it should but the one thing that is a real stand out is the speaker volume.  I bought this phone for my wife and she keeps it in her purse.  At maximum volume, you can barely hear it her purse when it rings.  She misses 9 out of 10 calls because of this.  I am of the old school that still believe that the primary function of a phone is still to make and receive calls and that no matter what else they put in a phone, they should never skimp on the hardware that serves these basic functions. Unfortunately, Sharp skimped big time on the speaker in this phone.  But hey, it works great for texting, browsing and many other non-phone functions, so others may love it.

i think is an outrageus cell phone, a lot of aplications includes android o.s, but the batery only last for 24- 30 hours, if the owner is always out the office o the house is a litlle problem, but  the phone is excellent and the prices is good too.

Excellent phone is perfect for beginners at very low cost android Excellent performance i love my Sharp FX Plus Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.2 OS, 3MP Camera

I bought 2 of these cellphones unlocked since I will be traveling abroad. Great product and very satisfied with the seller, I had a little problem with one of phones, so I sent it back and they refunded my money very quickly. Second phones is on its way now. I Definitely will buy from this seller again. Recommended. Thank you!!

Conforme con lo pagado supero mis expectativas es rapido aunque la bateria dura poco al usarlo al maximo... lo recomiendo...

Got the phone and phone is great looking but it was wrongfully advertised . This phone does not work with simple mobile.

This phone does not have all the bells and whistles that most current smartphones have, butit is a great device to get you started.

its best phone for the price if u don't mind not having a flash on your phone. Runs adriod market.

I think it is a great phone.  I would want to have a radio app.  I would recommend it to most anyone.

I would not buy this phone again.  I am on my second phone in 6 months and both have the same issues.  The phone has a clear display and sounds great for calls and I like the ease of texting.  Now for the bad, the phone will not keep the SD card docked and you have to constantly dock and undock the SD card to access the apps on the card.  The phone will reboot itself for no reason or shut itself off.  The phone will also turn itself on from hibernation while sitting on a table, get hot, and drain the battery.  Also, you are limited in the amount of apps that you can have since the SD card does not work properly and the phone has limited memory space available.

Don't buy this cell phone. Guaranteed to hang up!. It will hang-up after you charge it. I bought 4 of this product and they have the same problem.

Is a good phone and is cheaper thanks you for this item really is good and i dont got any problem with shipped, regards from Venezuela..!!

I love the phone, however there are times when i have issues and also there is no flash on the camera and that was a bummer cause i take a lot of pictures. The phone quality is excelllent and the internet is fast!
