
First off I would like to state that I am new to the Smart Phone arena, so you can take away any bias but also any extensive knowledge of other smartphone options.  I have an iPod touch and play with my gfs iphone all the time.  My Android knowledge is somewhat lacking though.This phone gets a 9 for design, and 8 for functionality, and a 10 for value.The design is great.  This phone is easy to hold and comfortable.  I was worried that I would have trouble using it since I have small hands, but it was not a problem at all. My only issue is the fact that there are a few little areas that look like they could get dirty and packed with lint one day.  Also, the screen takes on a ton of smudges.  The phone is also a little hard to line your ear up with so you can hear the best.  The backing of the device is great and makes you feel like your phone already has a case.  I will probably just get this phone covered with a screen protector on the front and back.The voice recognition is superb.  The phone is able to sync with facebook, twitter, email, etc. flawlessly and seamlessly.  The phone is extremely responsive and Nokia's special free apps are a big help.  The appstore definitely has less valuable free applications, but it still does not feel like it is all that lacking.  But the lack of quality freebies is why I will ding it for functionality, plus no expandable memory (though 16gb is enough for me.  Finally, I would have also liked a built-in FM transmitter so that I could use this to play music through my radio.  Apparently the N9 has it, but this one does not.This phone is $50 brand new on Amazon.  And that is a fantastic deal.  Do not worry because the positives outweigh any negatives..  Get this phone!

This is a terrific smartphone. I have previously owned Blackberry, iPhone, and a Samsung Galaxy and while they all had individual strengths, I think the Lumia is the best overall smartphone. The only disadvantage I have run into is trying to find some applications that are not avaiable on the Windows operating system. Hopefully they will work to eliminate the app disparity issue as that can a deal breaker for someone who uses an app that is only on iphones or Androids.

BROTHER HAS THIS PHONE AND I AM TIRED OF HEARING ABOUT IT.PHONE IS A WANNA BE IPHONENO WHERE NEAR AS POLLISHED

Coming from an HTC Trophy I was familiar with Windows Phone 7.5 but what a difference a larger screen, faster processor, and better camera make.  I've read the camera on this phone is sub-par when compared to other devices, but compared to my old Trophy it's astounding.  I've eliminated my point and shoot camera and use this device exclusively for photos now.  I'm also an avid Xbox gamer so the achievement system on this phone is a must-have for anyone else who's into that.

Bought this phone from the Microsoft Store...I couldn't wait 2 days on Amazon to get the phone...at $99 this phone is unbeatable in price.  Plus if bought before April 21st, Nokia will give $100 AT&T; credit bringing this phone to FREE!  I heard many arguments about Windows Phone to IOS to Android..the number of apps in the other OS is getting old....I'm able to find many apps that I need from the Marketplace from Pandora (MetroRadio or wpFandora) to money organization app...the Live Tile needs to get used to but coming from Android static icons with a background it's a breath of fresh air to something new.  If you are into browsing 100,000s of apps as your daily use of a smartphone this is probably not the phone for you.  If you are looking for dual core, HD screen thinking of future OS updates, than also look elsewhere.  A smartphone you buying today is to be used today, 24 months from now, there will be a complete set of new phones with different specifications and OS update. I suggest looking into the WP Marketplace to see if they have the apps you are looking for before buying this phone...if you are just looking for a phone to browse the internet at LTE speed, integrated Social Media...this phone rocks!Pros:- Great feel to the polycarbonate..doesn't feel cheap when you hold it- Nokia Drive ---been using Nokia Drive since Symbian and Google Navigation doesn't match to the quality of this GPS Navigation...and its free with off line mapping....it also has like 50+ languges for voice navigation- At $99 for a premium phone...its a no brainer compare to $299 for high end Androids or iPhones- LTE speed is fast compare to the old 3G- easily integrate with Hotmail/Google/Yahoo mail/contacts/calendar- The Cyan color turn heads when you use it waiting in line at Costco- Battery life last a full day on medium use on LTE with Wifi and Bluetooth turned off (My Samsung Galaxy SII will last about 5 hours before I need to charge it)- Playing Spotify on my Samsung Galaxy SII (4G) will last a bit less than 3 hours before I need to charge- Nokia Luma 900 playing Spotify on LTE wil last a good 5 hours before I need to charge it- I left both phone on playing Spotify in a loop on my playlist- Clear Black AMOLED screen, easier to read outdoors in the sun- Can link multiple email inboxes into one inbox for ease of use- Group Messaging so its easier to keep track of group texts in one thread instead of getting each text individually- MS Office syncs to Skydrive and I can edit on my PC and sync itCons:- feels a bit heavy compare to the SII and other phones because of the polycarbonate...doesn't feel plastic toy like a lot of phones out there- Camera is descent but doesn't have the quality of the my Nokia N8- No free tethering option- No Skype integration yet- No removeable batteries- No USB mass storage option ....will have to go through Zune...I go through Skydrive for my files and MS gives you 20GB of data with Windows PhoneThe pros for me outweight the cons and with Nokia Drive offline mapping, a $99 price tag (FREE till April 21st) this phone is a winner

I've had the iPhone 3GS, iPhone 4, 4S, HTC EVO 4G, Moto Photon, and HTC Arrive.  The Nokia Lumia 900 is by far the best in terms of usability, battery life, and design.Pros:Good battery lifeGreat UIGreat DesignLTE Speed is fastWindows Phone 7.5 is awesome, with some flaws (see cons)Cons:Lack of app supportAlthough I think Windows Phone 7.5 is more stable and more user-friend than iPhone, here are some cons MS really needs to resolve.1. Windows Live Messenger on the phone only allow you to login to your Live Messenger using the primary Live account you used to set up the phone.2. Upgrade from Windows Phone 7 to 7.5 allow users to filter out all your Live contacts from your phone book; however, these contacts continue to appear in your phone book search... WHY??? There is a reason why I don't want these contacts to appear on my phone book, why are they appearing in my search?3. Search - Let's face it, Bing has come a long way and is getting better by the day; however, I still prefer Google, there is no way of setting your default search engine from Bing to Google.Final Thoughts:With the cons, I still think this phone works much better than iPhone with the smooth interface and IMO, I don't need all the apps appearing on my screens and having 10 different screens.Windows Phone allow you to "PIN" apps you actually use often to the main screen with all the apps available on page 2.  This is it, which is great, no more 10 screens if I only use 5 or 6 of the apps often and the other 50 once in a blue moon.Definitely would recommend this phone to anyone contemplating.

I have owned multiple smartphones over time.  I used an iPhone for 3 years and migrated to Windows Phone back in November of 2010.  My previous phone was a Samsung Focus (Windows Phone).  When I acquired my Nokia Lumia 900 (Cyan) I immediately noticed the weight.  It feels solid in your hand - not too heavy and not too light.  When you turn it on you'll immediately notice how snappy the software runs.  Every aspect of the operating system reacts very fast.  This is a combination of the Windows Phone 7.5 OS and the hardware specs of the device.Because this is a Nokia device you also have access to Nokia specific applications.  My favorite application is Nokia Drive.  I have a vehicle that supports Bluetooth connectivity so my phone is paired with my Van.  Nokia Drive has turn-by-turn audio navigation - but what makes it really solid is that you can download the maps to the device so you do not have to rely on connectivity.  This is a fantastic feature!The front facing camera works great with Skype but also does well if you want to take self-portraits (with you and your better half).  ;-)I would highly recommend this to anyone looking at a new smartphone!

I was an iPhone and Android user prior to the Windows Phone launch late in 2010.  I bought a Windows Phone (it was the Samsung Focus on AT&T;) when it launched and was very happy.  I put my iPhone in a drawer and haven't taken it out since.  Now I've moved on to the Lumia 900 and am even happier.  The phone's hardware is solid and very well thought out - - though I do wish they'd put the power/lock button on top instead of on the side...The phone is very responsive and the screen is very good.  Despite the size of the screen, I don't think the phone feels especially large or bulky. In fact, it's very thin and pretty light, too.  (I find the iPhone 4s to be heavy and blocky.)The built-in apps are very good, especially the email interface.  It's much better than the email apps on iPhone or Android.  When compared to an iPhone, there's a ton more screen real-estate that's available for actually reading your emails since iOS takes up a lot of screen room with navigation buttons.  Deleting, filing, etc. are also a lot easier to do.Speaking of Apps, there are a few big ones out there (like Pandora) that don't exist for Windows Phone (yet) but almost all the ones I want are there. There are now 80,000 apps in the Windows Marketplace and (according to Forbes) it grew at an average of 340 apps per day in March.  So, personally, I don't see this as an issue.  All the apps I want, I've got (no, I personally don't use Pandora!),The 4G performance is great and it has tethering (optional with AT&T;), too.All in all, it's a winner.  I haven't found anything to complain about with the phone.  (I pre-ordered mine and got in 4/6 so I've had a few days to use it.)

I switched from an iPhone to the Lumia and I could not be more pleased. Facebook integration, Xbox apps, Windows Live, Skydrive, and a slew of other great apps just make this phone great. I have a headless WMC HTPC and a slew of 360s as extenders around the house and I can now use my phone to control them, which everyone in the house is super jealous of now. The build quality is staggering and just draw dropping. I had some reservations on WP7 at first but coming from iOS WP7 is just so much easier and more user friendly. Some of the really cool things is the integrated things MS did instead of relying on 3rd party or additional apps. Coming from iOS I was able to drop 5 apps I use everyday because it is already in WP7. Couldn't be more happy as a customer of WP7 and Nokia. And now the fact that I get a $100 rebate means I paid $18 for this amazing phone whereas I paid $200+ for an iPhone. And to boot I was so pleased I went on Amazon to write a review, something I never do, but felt that I must.

Been a loyal iPhone user since the original. While I love and think the iPhone is an amazing phone, the Lumia has been the only phone in years I've been able to use for over a week now without wanting or wishing I still I had my iPhone. The new Windows 7 OS is smooth and clean. I thought I might miss some apps, but honestly the 40or so main apps I use are all available on Windows Marketplace and actually somewhat nicer on a few of them. There are things that need polishing or finishing just like iOS or Android but overall I'm very impressed and plan to keep the phone for my everyday use! Really love the call quality, battery life, size, and screen! Those are all favs. Love the device!

I usually don't write reviews I feel I owe it to this gorgeous device to do so, this phone was back ordered here which is my favorite e-trailer but I managed to get one from ATT online. I have been using an iphone since the 2g and it just hasn't changed since then its lost its glow. The Lumia is like leaving the city and climbing a mountain somewhere near a forest a breath of fresh air. I haven't really been as impressed with a device since I got my first iPhone it is that impressive down to the deep blacks of the display to the refreshing live tiles.This device just works wonderfully as a phone bing integration seems like it is more designed for this than it is as a search engine for pc. Anything you're looking for you can just say find it or use the local scout and all pertinent information pops up on a nice card. The email client actually feels like you're using outlook. You can add attachments to your email not goto a separate app on the iphone like photos then start a new email, you can just reply and click attachments. I can go on features forever I just want to keep it short and say I will never look back this is the most beautiful phone I have owned period and the classy OS suits it!

Switched from iPhone 3G to Nokia Lumia 900 and have no regrets. My contract was up and I was looking for a new phone. I switched primarily because I wanted a bigger screen and picking the Lumia 900 for my wife and myself was a no brainer. With the $100 rebate Nokia had at the time of the Lumia 900 initial introduction, this flagship Nokia phone cost me virtually nothing. With taxes and everything, I would have to spend over $500 between me and my wife if we wanted to get the iPhone 4S. So, $500 for 2 iPhone 4S or $0 for 2 Lumia 900? Like I said, it was a no brainer.I've had my Lumia 900 for close to 2 months now and am still very happy with my purchase. Beautiful design. I absolutely love the unibody design and cyan color. Beautiful AMOLED screen. The deep black feature just makes the colors pop out more. It may not have the highest resolution, but honestly, I don't think resolution matters much when you're dealing with such small devices. I watch Youtube HD videos on my phone and the video quality is just awesome to me.The camera is good (both still and video), and could be better, given all the hype it received for its Carl Zeiss lens. This is an area that could use some improvement.Windows 7.5 Mango OS is a joy to use. Very easy/intuitive. The Live Tile feature is pretty cool. Syncing the Lumia 900 with my computer, Xbox 360 game console, Microsoft Office, etc.. via SkyDrive (over 25G storage)or via Zune is a breeze. It has a lot of cool features, too many to mention. The phone is also super fast with 4G LTE speed.When it comes to apps, the Windows phone does not compare to iPhone or Android. But at 90,000 apps, it has most of the major ones. Windows is still adding more apps every day. I think in time this will no longer be an issue as the platform becomes more popular (especially with the arrival of Windows 8).One minor flaw is the chrome piece around the camera lens scratches very easily. This can also be easily fixed by putting a piece of clear tape over it, in addition to using a case for the phone.Don't get me wrong. I'm not here to bash iOS and Android. Both are great platforms. Windows OS is another GREAT alternative. If you haven't invested too much in the iPhone or Android ecosystem, this Windows phone is an excellent choice. I absolutely love my Lumia 900. I'm confident you'll feel the same way too if you keep an open mind and give it a try.

Personal Review.This phone its a lot more faster and best looking then my old windows phone. Samsung focus.  It was really hard for me to choose between HTC Titan ii or Samsung Galaxy note with android.  I check different of reviews all over the internet and almost everyone said the same thing A phone to be own. I ordered 2 days after i was already playing with it.  The screen its the same size its amazing, the darker color make color to look more attractive. One review said that some picture were yellowish and that's true depending on the led flash,  but better picture quality then the iphone.Only one bad thing about my package, I got it and there was no sim Card.  I call att we try to activate with same Sim from old phone.  The sim got locked they told me to get a LTE Micro Sim from any att store, but i live on a freaking island. We only have a Radio shack and they dont even have LTE Sims in there.  Had to wait till a friend send me not just 1 but 2 from att retail store under my name. Really bad experience switching to 4g LTE. well now its up and working after few days. LOL

I've had my Cyan Lumia 900 for two days now and all I can say is WOW!Pros:Quality Build:  The Polycarbonate body is study, feels great when holding and where there is no metal in the body, my signal reception everywhere has been awesome.  The Cyan just looks awesome to boot.Screen:  4.3" size is perfect and the clear black display is awesome.  I can see it fine outside when it is bright and sunny.  Blacks are deep and colors are vibrant!Smooth:  The OS runs incredibly smooth.  Opening apps is speedy and moving around the phone is a breeze.Apps:  Some people complain about less apps than IOS or Android, but I've found everything I need.  Stuff like Sound Hound, QR code scanners and restaurant searches are already built into the OS.  For Pandora I downloaded Radio Controlled (which I like better than official pandora app because you can see a songs recently played and songs COMING UP NEXT FREAKIN SWEET)Skype Beta works great as well (download in this article:  [...]Office integration is awesome (outlook and one note work nicely)Nokia drive (like Garmin) is awesome, dl maps ahead of time so you don't use any data while using the GPSFor a neat SIRI like app, download something called ASK ZIGGY. Neat!In a nutshell I haven't had any issues with apps.Games:  Plenty of xbox live titles and 3rd party games.  You'll find the usual stuff plus some cool ones like radiant and chromatic.Setup:  Super easy.  I linked my outlook, hotmail and facebook, synced contacts and was online probably in 20 minutes.  Ridiculous!OS:  Windows phone 7 OS is really cool.  I went with this because I didn't want another OS that had icons on a desktop.  Same old same old.  Windows phone is completely different with deep social network integration and live tiles.I don't have to open an app to see what the temp is or the latest facebook post, the live tiles dynamically update to show all that stuff.Plus I made seperate groups for my family and work.  If I open the family group, I can see facebook updates JUST FROM THEM.  Same for work.  It is AWESOME.Plus you can go in and open a contact and see your history with them like past texts, emails and when you called.Zune integration is awesome as well!  With a zune pass you can listen to unlimited music for $10 a month.  I personally don't as I store my entire MP3 collection on the phone.  :)Camera:  Camera is awesome, Carl Zeiss optics take great pix, especially outside!Multitasking:  hold the back button and it shows you the last 6 or 7 apps you had open so you can go back.Cons:Screen attracts smudges.No forward navigation button...  not a big deal though.Overall a awesome phone and a steal at 99$ or less!

I just moved back into my iPhone 3Gs after 2 days with the Lumina.  First off, I was attracted to the Lumia 900 for its gorgeous screen, the LTE speed, the speed of the phone processor and the fact that I could get it for about $18 (after the promotional $100 credit from Nokia).  I really wasn't shopping for phones and have been pretty happy with my iPhone, but I couldn't pass up the cost/features of the Nokia (at least that was my thought process).Positives-iPhone vs. Nokia 900:Speed of the Nokia kicks Apple's rear end into next week.  Waiting several seconds to pull up an iPhone app that does not even access the network is getting a bit old.  This was true on WiFi and especially on AT&T;'s rocking LTE/4G network.  The screen is gorgeous and responsive.  There are some real flashes of brilliance in the Windows OS, among these: Office (Excel, PowerPoint and Word) mini applications that actually work and were intuitive.  The Music app worked great and looks amazing.  After spending the last several years in the Apple-verse, I was blown away by the general feel and artist-specific graphics that floated behind the song playing on Zune.  The Nokia was superior in handling my gmail account and especially integrating my google calendar.  While iPhone works, it is not good if I have to invite people to a meeting or add reminders.  AT&T;'s code reader comes standard so you can scan all the UPC, bar and QR codes right out of the box.  The maps/GPS works great and are a lot more accurate than the iPhone positioning.  After just a couple of days it was apparent that the phone / radio was superior on the Nokia (not too surprising) I was able to make calls in parts of my house that are certified iPhone dead zones.Negatives-iPhone vs. Nokia 900:I am pretty technical and logical and made a minimum list of things I would need to have in order to be happy with the new Windows 7 phone.  And although I have a lot of iPhone apps, I really only use a few of them ... one of the big ones is a password keeper I use several times a day called "Splash ID" and it is not yet available for Windows 7.  The Splash guys say it "should be out in the Fall of 2012."  I considered using one of the other password keepers out there that work on Win 7 phones, but could not find one that synched and backed-up to my desktop like Splash ID does.  Strike 1 against Lumina.  This really is just a function of the early adoption phase of a brand new product--the details and bolt-ons are just going be less developed.  In a few months I bet a lot of these issues will be solved by the market.  Strike 2 was that it became a lot harder to access my daily Podcasts (that are exclusive to iTunes).  In fairness, the guys at the AT&T; store say it's possible to access iTunes from the Zune app and I would have figured this out eventually except for strike 3.The kiss of death for me was I was not able to transfer MY 2,500 contacts from my iPhone to my Nokia--WTF?!!  In fairness, this is really Apple's bottleneck.  But in my case it was a deal breaker.  Apple is, in essence, holding my own data for ransom.  Good job!!  It's my data, you only have it because I synched MY Outlook contacts with your stupid POS (iTunes, with your greyed-out configuration options) software years ago, but now you won't synch it back.  I tried for 4 hours at home and the AT&T; guys used their magic and failed.  Again, this "early adopter" issue will probably be solved soon by the market, but in the meantime I need my stuff.  So I am staying with iPhone for now but won't buy another one--even if I have to retype all 2,500 of my contacts.  I like the iPhone but I freeking HATE iTunes software.A few general observations, I kept getting the feeling that the Windows 7 options were about 85% of what I needed or was used to on iOS.  Examples included no apparent way to view browser bookmarks, change browser settings (safe search, etc...), fewer controls on the Win 7 Netflix app and a rather clunky app search procedure.You may say it's not fair to heap some of these (Apple) negatives on the Nokia Lumina 900, but I think you need to know what you are going to face in moving from iPhone to the Nokia.  If I was getting my first phone, the Lumia 900 would get an easy 5-star rating from me.  It's a great phone, but given my issues in transferring I can only award three at this early stage.UPDATE (4/22/12): I initially rated the Lumina 900 Win 7 phone a 3 star because of some apparent shortcomings vs. what I was used to on iOS, but I tried again based on some advice and response to my initial post (thanks Nokia fans!)  I can now say I am a happy Lumina user.I can get my favorite podcasts through Marketplace.  I was finally able to transfer my 2,500 contacts in about 8 minutes over Bluetooth using a sweet Nokia app called "Contacts Transfer" (released 11/28/11).  I only wish I had known about this before doing about 8 hours of work to try to figure it out the hard way.  I still think this review can help people and possibly save you some time.  But I am changing my rating from a 3 to 5 stars.  I really like this phone.

here we go ...1. price - a total steal for such a quality piece of hardware2. display - ClearBlack display beats all other xxxx-amoled's3. design+durability - solid, sleek, and sweet ... can't take my eyes off it4. performance - fast fast fast!5. stability - hung apps and that ole "waiting for app to close" on those "other" os's ... not here6. typing - often overlooked by a lot of reviews, but folks, this uses an onscreen keyboard and for those of you (including myself) that were blackberry pros, ms research has done an awesome job in this area ... it's onscreen typing done right!7. apps + social + outlook - check, completely covered here. the outlook integration on other smartphones suck compared to this, which i suppose, should be expected. i know some people here and there are complaining about certain "specific" apps, but they are either coming and/or there are alternatives8. looks - boy is this a pretty phone ... yea, i sort of mentioned this in 3 above, but it bears repeating :)9. camera+video - very crisp - this zeiss lens is a winner, though some reviews say otherwise, but as we all know, image quality has some subjectivity to it10. music - awesome sound, great bass, clearhrmm, i what else have i missed. any who, if anyone wants to know anything else about this unit ... i have one, just comment and i'll respond.update: as ruslan pointed out (thanks ruslan) ...11. this baby includes nokia drive 2.0 = free voice navigation turn-by-turn offline gps with international maps! there is just so much you're getting here folks.

I generally do not write review but this time I had to make an exception.I got the Lumia 900 cyan about 4 days back and it is just BEAUTIFUL.Other reviewers must have covered the technical aspect of it so I am just going to comment about what struck my cord.This is just the most beautiful phone to ever come out and yes even better than iPhone. Its been 4 days and I keep touching it. The feel is just awesome in hand. I was two minded about the cyan color but this is no ordinary cyan. It has a slight different shade in different light.Just yesterday the phone was on the bar made of marble. It looks just so beautiful. It is clear that a lot of though have gone into industrial design.The material it is made up of feels really good in hand and since the phone has curves and not edges it feel really smooth in hand.And did I mention the screen? Best black level I have seen on a phone.These days most phone do everything. What sets them apart is industrial design, the emotional connection and beauty of device.Lumia is just the most beautiful device I have ever owned.

Nokia Lumia 900 is the best premium smartphone.1.State of the art design.Premium look and feel.Love Cyan color.Screen is brilliant and awesome.800x480resolution is good.May sound bad compared to Galaxy nexus or iphone.But clear black display (CBD) pops up color really nice on screen.Because of Clear black display even in direct sunlight there is no problem in seeing the screen and it  works great.No smartphone in market can match with this feature of screen.Exclusive to Lumia 900.2.Slickest OS(Windows 7.5). Live tiles.Intuitive.Snappy.3.Battery life.1 day 2 hrs with moderate use with LTE.4.Social networks (Facebook,Twitter) deep integration into OS.5.Application integration into OS.Applications are designed to look same as OS.Means there is uniform OS user experience even in applications also.Multitasking.6.Local scout works great.You can find the places to eat,see things around ,shopping locations.Finding  all at one place (Local Scout) including directions(navigation), ratings,reviews.No need of going into restaurant app or shopping app or navigation app separately.7.Outstanding Call quality.No dropped calls.Speaker works great.8.Video chat.Front facing camera is 1.3MP with f 2.2 (wider aperture)and wide angle.I think this the only smartphone in market now to have front facing camera with f 2.2 wide aperture.works great with Tango and Skype also.You can uninstall the WiFi Tango version (Nokia) and then install 3g/WiFi capable tango application from Market place .9.8 MP  rear camera f 2.2 28mm.Works great.Night time photos are kinda grainy.Camera software update can fix it.Nokia is good in pushing updates as they did for lumia 800.10.All commonly used apps (whats app,flickr,ebuddy xms,Bank of america,Spotify,Picasametro,Evernote,vevo,espn,BBC,cnn,engadget,netflix,fadango,flixster,imdb,american airlines,delta,kayak,kik,photobucket,amazon,kindle,ebay,four square,gas buddy,Govoice(google voice),groupon,pinstation(Pininterest),newegg,shazam,text plus,vimeo ,you tube pro,yelp etc.,) are available in marketplace.Some top apps are missing.Definitely user base is increasing .Microsoft promised to get top 25 apps of iOS and Android soon(1 or 2 months).11.Tellme (Voice commands) feature already built in WP 7.5 since 2010.Ask Ziggy app looks promising.Cora-Voice assistant [...] in works.12.Nokia drive.Lifetime free turn by turn navigation Works online and offline.You have have to download the maps to use on offline mode.Whole U.S map is around 1.5GB.Instead of downloading whole U.S you have option to download one to many states based on your interest.My state download was around 50mb.It works great in offline mode.13.Nokia transit.14.Micorsoft office (Word,Excel,One note,Lync,Powerpoint,Sharepoint Skydrive)15.16GB memory is little less for me.But comes with 25GB skydrive.Automatically you can enable to save  photos to skydrive to save space on phone.Windows phone 8 Apollo comes with micros SD slot coming soon (September-October).

I will sound like I'm repeating what everyone else has been saying, but it's all true.  The first time you pick up the phone, the build quality simply jumps out at you.  A solid, one-piece body that doesn't feel like it's going to scatter into little pieces like other smart phones out there.  The buttons feel well-made and like they should last forever.The screen is very good, and 4.3 inches makes it somewhat easier to read or watch videos compared to those little 3.5-inch phones.  It is now summer, so I'm outside more here in New England, and I find I can read the screen where my friends fight to find shade to read theirs.Battery life is important, and while I wait for a battery that can power my phone for a week without recharging, I am superbly happy to have a phone I only have to plug in at bedtime, and have gotten more than two days when it's been used only lightly.I often need to put people on speaker phone, and the good-sized speaker on the phone works very well.I especially like the integration of this phone with services like Twitter and Facebook.  Under "e-mail and accounts" in settings, you can add social networks and gmail, then be connected without having to add separate apps.The "tile" interface at first worried me, as I kept looking for app or widget icons, but then it dawned on me that this interface makes a lot of sense for a touch-based interface.  I give Microsoft kudos here--good job.If you use a hotmail.com or live.com account to log in, all of your app purchases and downloads will be available on a single Marketplace web site in the future in case you need to re-install any.Actually, there are so many positives I could talk about, but I've got work to do, so just know that after a week of using this phone, I went from "what the heck am I doing", to "wow, how smart I am".

I picked the Cyan version up from a corporate store a few days ago.So far I'm loving the phone. Spec wise I thought I would be underwhelmed but there's a certain... grace to the regular functions. Its not instant-zippy fast but with the animations I don't even notice a difference. Microsoft has a put a lot of thought into the design and execution of the visual language and it shows. Its hard to put to words but it just has a certain elegance that makes it a joy for everyday use.Integration between contacts, facebook, and messaging is pretty awesome. Default mail client is clean and efficient although gmail power users might have issues. I never delved all that deeply into the labeling structure so I've been fine.I really love the live-tile interface and have had a number of friends interested in potentially picking up the phone because they're bored of iOS structure.For apps, I'm finding it incredible with the Metro interface/design language. Reading using the USAToday/CNN/BBC apps is a treat and a nice change from the typical orientation on the web/most phones. I can't wait to see what will happen with apps once development becomes more widespread. To be honest, I hardly use IE9 on the phone with the specially designed apps.SkyDrive app is great and the OneNoteMobile app is pretty awesome. Can include pictures and recordings made using the phone into the Notes. These are then automatically linked to SkyDrive if you've setup your account. Can also edit notes from your SkyDrive and it will automatically push the update to your phone's Note.Phone quality seems good although the pictures seem a little.... off is the word, I guess. I'm not entirely sure but I think it has something to do with the post-processing because pre-snap the pictures look really clean but post-snap something weird is going on. Passable but an update might improve things down the line.The camera and the app shortage are literally the ONLY things that I do not 100% love about this phone. The apps should be remedied as more users arrive on the platform and we'll see what happens with the camera.If you're looking to upgrade to your first smartphone or just looking for something unique to try I can't recommend this phone highly enough.

This is my first review, but I wanted to let others know that this phone is amazing!  I love the voice recognition on this - it's so accurate!  Texting on this phone is so much better than the iPhone I had, I can't even describe how much better!  It fixes my typing and does it accurately, rather than making me look silly by changing what I've written to something silly, right before I hit send.It's fast.  The screen is beautiful.  The batter lasts forever.I could not be happier!

Warning!  The Lumia 900 with Windows 7 does not sync internal memory or retain internal memory during a reset.  Don't know why, but my phone reset itself to factory settings last night while sitting on a desk recharging.  I had taken tons of pictures at a memorial service for a dear family member and all are gone.  I usually back up my pictures to my computer often but just flew back in last night and had not done it yet.  Poof!  All gone with the reset.In this age of smartphones, you still have to get their Zune software to transfer pictures via hardwire to your computer.  Really? Are you kidding me!  And the memory card does not retain data even after a reset?  Really? Are you kidding me!!!!  And you can't even add your own memory card so that the device shortcomings don't affect you.  Really!!!!!So on top of the inconvenience of having to reset all of my email and social settings, I now lose all of the photos I had taken this weekend because I couldn't get to my computer quick enough.So I call AT&T; and they give me the canned but oh so snarky, "We're so sorry you've had this inconvenience, but that's how Windows 7 works."  Thanks.  Inconvenience is hardly what I call it.  I want a phone that actually does what a smartphone should do in 2013, but no, AT&T; says I'm stuck with it even though I received it only 1 month ago (March 6, it's now April 8). I now hate this phone with a passion and AT&T; has one very dismayed customer who will not recommend them to anyone.I was only lukewarm to the phone to begin with.  The picture quality has not been great even though I've worked with multiple settings.  The least little bit of back or side light messes it up.  The phone is so big that you have to use two hands to type--my thumb will not reach that far.  On the plus side, screen is beautiful and call quality is good.  Battery life is decent.  I'm just so dismayed at the fact that this phone reset itself for no apparent reason and wiped out everything that I can't even give it credit for the good things.

I upgraded from Iphone 4 to Lumia 900 and so far the phone appears to be pleasing me. Hardware wise phone is excellent. OS looks pretty fast with only exception being the unavailability of major apps.For the first 2 days of having this phone, I thought I should return it and go back to Iphone. But as I keep using this phone my impression is changing and now I don't want to return it for sure. Was waiting on SIII launch and it came out with 4.8" screen which is way big for me to carry and use as a phone. So, no SIII.I hope Microsoft will take up building the eco system seriously. Without that Nokia/Windows OS can't win hearts !!

First of all, I love the color and feel of the phone in my hand. The large tile interface is easy to see and navigate through. I have spent the last two days searching through the available apps in the windows store and have found some good ones. I am not sure, but I believe all of the apps allow you to try them out for a few days before you buy them. Camera works well with many extra functions. You can upload pictures to Facebook and Twitter in seconds after taking them. I am a NPR listener, so the FM tuner is a great feature for me - not included on iPhone. All podcast show up directly to the phone with PC transfer - if this is on other phones, I have used them enough to about this. Skydrive files are all listed through the MS app. There are many "hubs" setup in the OS to link all your photos from everywhere- Facebook, Skydrive, Twitter, and any you have taken on the phone. The music is done the same way - FM radio, downloads, Zune ... all in one place.I heard about MS re-branding the windows phone software, but had not paid it much attention. As everyone knows, Android and Apple run the smart phone market. I didn't feel like I was Android, but did identify with the iPhone a little.I was set to buy an iPhone 4S until I saw this phone come at CES in January. I am a PC user who likes to keep things uniform. You can get an iPhone, iPad, and Mac, but this package is over what I want to pay. You can also go with the Android phone and tablet, but there is no option for computer interface - Chrome Book may come close. However, I can have the Lumia, my laptop and Windows a tablet later this year all with uniform OS, Apps, and things like SkyDrive and Office all connected without any third party interface.I have read many reviews online refering to the launch of the phone. The Lumia has 8jtuh x 9jfjif, the iPhone 4S has 10lgfnjg x 8feehf, and the Samsung Skyrocket has 5hfdoi x 8ehofgoe. The screen looks great. Button placement is another mark against the Lumia. The power/sleep button is on the right side and not the top like most other phones. I always though it was a pain in the butt to have the power button on top of the phone. I find it convenient on the right side. Others say they accidentally press the power button when they are intending to take a picture. If this is your phone, I am sure after a few days you will know where the buttons are located - right. Specs do not tell the whole story. My wife has an iPhone and she can't put my down.

What a great product!The fit and finish is pure design excellence combined with a smooth operating system and functionality. I am loving every moment of it. With its release on easter... i think the 'hidden' message is about folks that need to find the "eggs".Many will understand what that means ;) but for the others... hidden features in the phone/OS when discovered are also known as "eggs" even in the tech world, so great launch during Easter time!  Pun intended.Reading most of the reviews, I believe everything is already covered in regard to the phone and its functionality ... I will only be repeating what is already said.However, I will add the following viewpoints:The phone is surely 'beautifully different', it really does take you away from the norm. While removing the phone from my pocket at a restaurant or work, always gets a 2nd glance from passerby's probably cause of the cyan color, which just adds to the intriguing factor of this cool device. Couple of folks at work, wanted me to sit down with them and explain its features, ins and outs of the phone - and its been only 4 days I have had it (2 of those days were Sat/Sun). Folks genuinely seem interested, converted a colleague, he is getting the white one, but will be purchasing the black one to get the $100 credit prior to 4/21 and is willing to pay the re-stocking fee when the white one comes out. Garnering this level of interest seems to only have been topped by the iphone, though this interest is only with the people in the "know", many folks don't know about the device or anything about its OS and given human nature - folks are highly resistance to change. The sooner they embrace it the sooner they will realize what they were missing or rather what they would have missed out on.The growing marketplace for apps is only a matter of time that certain 'wanted' apps makes its way on to the device/OS, until a particular app is available on this OS, however the ones already available do the job just fine - all the popular sites and apps are pretty much covered. There is a comparable app for one that exists on iOS or Android, if the manufacturer of that app has not yet released one for this OS.With every new device there is a learning curve involved, but this phone support the intuitive capability of the OS very well, a whole lot better than some of the feature (non-smartphones) phones out there. As an early adopter, there may be some bugs, which is fine given that the turnaround time to fix those bugs is pretty quick. The reward however is to have something that not many folks out there do, and be part of the change or revolution that maybe sweeping the mobile space once again.I have always believed that Nokia makes great products, and they just proved my point. The Nokia lumia 900 replaced my Nokia N95 8gb... held on to it for 4+ years, well simply because it worked and did most of my tasks. In the 4+ year period I did also get the BB 9810 Torch which I am also using currently (mainly for work). Now the Lumia 900 just adds to the great experience.Hence, I end by saying Kudos Nokia... replacing one great device (N95) with another great device (Lumia 900), thanks Espoo!disclaimer - To some of the haters out there, NO - I don't work for Amazon, Nokia or Microsoft - I would be glad to though :)

I guess at this point I don't have too much to say that hasn't already been stated, but I completely love this phone. The color is amazing - in some lighting it looks like a dark green-blue; other times it beams bright blue. I have to admit, sometimes I find myself just staring at it.One bit of advice I can offer - go all in! If you move to Hotmail, Skydrive, Office (which does have free online Office apps like Google Docs, btw - great for sharing and collaboration), Bing, and Zune (get the Zune Pass!! You will not regret it), you will discover just how powerful, useful and integrated the OS really is.Link your contacts' various accounts together (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc), and you will find out how amazing the People Hub is. You can make groups, pin contacts to the Start screen etc. Very cool.If you use Skype, you won't find it in the Marketplace, but is available as a beta app here (link will open the app in the marketplace on your phone) - zune://navigate/?appid=c3f8e570-68b3-4d6a-bdbb-c0a3f4360a51Did I mention you should try Zune Pass?? There is a feature called SmartDJ that will generate a playlist of music that is similar to any song, artist, or album. I always have trouble discovering new music, and this feature really does wonders for me finding different artists (it works without the Zune Pass, but you need it if you want to play music that you don't already own).The Nokia apps are also pretty stellar. I like Nokia Drive a lot - shows speed limits and can warn you if you are going to fast (you can decide how much over to have it warn you at). The Transit & Maps apps are also wonderful (if you are in a big city). Saved my butt once by getting me home from the middle of nowhere after the commuter rail stopped running. Though some feedback on the camera is lackluster (I think it is fine), the Nokia Creative Studio is awesome at fixing up photos - it also has a really cool panorama feature that stitches four photos together into a landscape. If you are into filter effects, they are there, too.Note - if getting a new email address through Hotmail, you can choose an "@live.com" domain extension; which I like because it is shorter to type and easier to share. If you are reluctant about Hotmail - don't be. These days it is perhaps the most feature-rich email service out there. The "Sweep" feature is spectacular at helping you keep your inbox tidy!

As a long time Nokia user that is about to dump Nokia, I jump from Verizon to AT&T; the moment this phone is available. It's a great product and Nokia for the first time delivered something good on the US market. Nokia phones in US before lumia 900 have a single impression - Don't buy from us! Lumia 900 changed all that.All that said, going to AT&T; is totally a bad move for me. I am not a heavy data user but 300M is not that useful so I signed up $30 3G plan. I use less than 1G per month for having WiFi access most of the time. However, I need tethering when I am on the move because I have some application in my laptop to access remote system. Today, I tried to turn on the feature "Internet Sharing" and was routed to "Call 611". The representitive on the line ask for $20 more a month before I can use the Internet connection outside the phone in any ways.Therefore, if you need to use tethering but don't watch your movie on the phone, you should not buy this phone for AT&T; is the only provider now.

I had waited for a while to get this device and I'm in love with it ever since I laid hands on this insanely stylish phone. The interface and the UI is definitely the BEST I've seen so far. I don't care about the number of apps that is missing in this platform. I definitely want to stay ahead of the crowd with my smartphone and I should say the Lumia 900 (Cyan) Exceeded my expectations.

I purchased the black one.. because Cyan was out of stock.. love the collor.wish they had it, but still happy with Lumia 900(black) specially after getting $100 credit.. the phone is free!!

When you first see this phone in person you'll be stunned by it's beauty! Not only is the phone beautiful but so is the OS.

The user interface is intitive, I've never used something like this before. It was the right choice for me for once.

I bought my 1st Nokia Lumia 900 in mid-April from Amazon Wireless soon after it came out. I've read the specs, knew what I'll be getting (good and bad) and was excited about the phone. It worked fine for about a month before problems showed up.I took a trip to Canada and turned ON airplane mode - 1st time doing this. After landing, I turned OFF airplane mode and that's where the problem started. Supposedly, there's a bug where if you did this, your battery will drain much faster because all the apps have been turned ON - doesn't matter if you actually used them or not. So, battery drained down to zero in a few hours. Of course, I thought that's odd but I'll just re-charge it. This is where the defect surfaced - it won't charge. It continuously cycles through the Nokia logo screen, then the ATT "Rethink Possible" screen, then a low battery graphic screen and shuts off - only to restart the cycle. It never charges and just cycles through this series of screens when it's plugged in to charge. Soft boot, hard boot, special camera boot (per Nokia's suggestion) - nothing worked.Check it up on the Internet - other folks have had the same problem - you might want to see if you have a defective phone by letting it drain all the way to zero and try charging it. If it charges, good for you. If not, you'll see what I'm talking about.Anyway... by then, Amazon's guarantee doesn't apply anymore. After 2 weeks of trying to fix a non-working phone, I was asked by Nokia to return the phone to them. When the phone reached their repair center, they immediately send out a replacement - NOT a new phone, but someone's refurbished phone that they probably fixed up. I didn't mind as much since the Lumia 900 just came out and it can't be much older than my phone. So, after 3 weeks of having a non-working phone with no compensation from Nokia for an AT&T; phone/data service that was not used for 3 weeks, I have (hopefully) a working phone.Excited to have a phone again and not depend on using Skype for phone calls via Wi-fi... I attended a few business meetings on my phone. Yes... the next defect then reared its ugly head - the phone will hang up on you without your knowledge. No... this is NOT an AT&T; coverage issue as I didn't have this problem with my 1st Nokia phone and I had spend hours talking on the 1st phone with no issues. The 1st time it happened (try not to laugh), I was talking away for about 15-20 minutes reviewing some document before realizing the line had gone dead. By the time, I reconnected, my colleagues had left the meeting - thinking I hung up on them - how embarassing was that? Next day... had another meeting... this time I was a little more alert to make sure the line remained opened. It happened again 10 minutes into the call. But this time, I caught it and was able to dial back in immediately to continue the meeting.Now imagine having a phone that just hangs up on you in the middle of a meeting without any notice or indication. If I loss a call due to a bad connection or coverage, you'll hear a warning alert that your call has been dropped. This phone just drops the call silently and your phone screen is blank. I had to constantly check with my colleagues and look at the phone to check that I was still on the call.So... before you brand me as a MS or Nokia hater, I actually had high hopes for the phone. I do like the phone and the OS. BUT what's most important is a functional phone. Twice now - it wasn't. I shudder to think what defects my 3rd Nokia phone will have.I guess that's the price you pay for wanting the latest and (not so) greatest i.e. you may get a lemon - twice!

Whats Great:  Dedicated camera button, great display, great photos, solid design.Not Great: AT&Ts; service is not as good as Verizon's.  (Not the Phones fault)This phone will keep you organized and well informed with the live tiles.  The Facebook and Xbox integration is fantastic.  I recommend this phone to anyone.  I also recommend the Zune Pass which allows you to stream music.  My Zune experience has been far above what I got with iTunes.

I have been so happy with my phone and then I downloaded iheart radio and listening to best classic rock ever made from LA and  I just had an OMG. Moment....the speaker is awesome and I have it at 10 on a scale of30 eve  at 24 the phone wasn't. Vibrating.

Everyone here has given a more detailed review of the phone. What I want is to highlight the aspects that has been uncommonly mentioned.1. Nokia Drive - an outstanding standalone GPS app for the Lumia 900. No data connection needed.2. Feels expensive; solid, wanting to be touched. Excellent build quality from Nokia.3. Looks - This is a fresh new phone, away from those usual black Androids. I am a gadget freak, own an Iphone and several others as well. This Lumia is on top of my list. I can't stop staring at it; never done this since the Iphone 4. Taste really matters in design, and Nokia has nailed it.4. Capacitive buttons have just enough vibration for feedback.5. Screen - auto brightness works like a charm. Compared to my old Samsung & HTC, Lumia does a better job of adapting to the ambient light. Colors are vivid and blacks are deep. Overall gorgeous screen.6. Battery life is about at least half a day better than my Iphone, Samsung & HTC on regular use.Just can't stop staring and playing with this phone right now. I am extremely enjoying it.

I must confess that this is my first review here on Amazon despite using the site for more than a decade now. Why now? Well, because this phone deserves praise for its value, design, and software. Overall, it raises the bar in terms of user experience and functionality.Value: Nokia just said that they'll credit customers $100 on their first bill to compensate for some minor software glitch (which I have yet to experience) that'll be fixed by 16 April. The phone is essentially free for customers that buy it by 21 April. But just because its free it doesn't mean to say that its a bad phone. Nokia did this to gain marketshare into the smartphone business here in the US which is 80%+ dominated by Android & Apple. Their desperation is your gain. Also, its a high-end smartphone that compares with the iPhone and high-end Android phones. Yes, the apps might be lacking, but its growing and I could seriously care less about the multitudes of worthless apps. Its about quality.Design: Simply beautiful. Its a head-turner. The unibody design reflects careful attention to detail and the buttons (volume, power, and camera) are well placed for both comfort and functionality. The screen is crisp & stunning, and offers great resolution.Software: I could care less if its Microsoft, Apple, or Android. What matters to me is how it makes my life easier = FUNCTIONALITY. The phone's software exceeded my expectations in terms of ease of use, responsiveness, intuitiveness, and seamless integration of all my online accounts. I was a bit hesitant at first about the "tiles" but they really make it SO EASY for me to keep abreast of whats happening. The "Linked Inbox Tile" links all my email inbox - Gmail, Yahoo Mail, and Hotmail so I can check all three with just one click of the tile. Also, under the "People tile," I have the ability to link all my contacts on Facebook, Linked-in, and my address book on Gmail, Yahoo, and Hotmail - this gives me the capability to easily call/email/text my friends with just one click!As far as phone call quality, my friends have noticed better reception and voice quality from me. This is from someone who's been on the Verizon network for almost 8+ years...I happily cancelled my current contract with Verizon to get the Nokia Lumia 900 because I believe this is a great product. Try it and you'll never regret it.

This Nokia Lumia 900 is the BEST PHONE I've used so far.  I've had the opportunity to own several Android, Apple and now 3 different Windows Phones and this one is the best I've had my hands on.  Nokia APPS are awesome also, and 4LTE, wow!I noticed a reduced speed of the swipe from my Samsung Focus, but it only took me a day or 2 to actual get used to it being slower, and now I can't tell the difference.  I know its by design, and I have no issue with that.  This phone is heavier, more solid, takes great pictures, I have had 2 conversations via Bluetooth from my car for over an hour thru the back roads and where previous phones I have had, including my focus, dropped calls and faded in and out on the audio.  Not tis phone, it was rock solid.  I've asked people on both long calls, when we were done, if they had any audio issues as it was a new phone, and both times they said it was clear and they didn't even know I was on my phone in my car.My other phones using the same noise cancelling headsets or visor clip bluetooth always had some issues, and I have not been so lucky, normally calling back or having the call dropped at some points on the drive home.  Again, I gotta say, this phone for the past 2 1/2 weeks has been great in all the areas I use it!  Music, my audio books, my bluetooth stereo sound, simple as pie to setup and get running, right out of the box.Solid, Solid phone!  I'll be buying my wife one and tossing her old phone out the window very soon.

I have gotten my Lumia 900(blue/Cyan) this morning and I totally love it.It is a great phone and I initially that I had data issues like a few users mentioned but mine was a case of AT&T; forgetting to transfer data plan from my previous phone.

I have used Androids and iPhones and this new Windows Phone is a breath of fresh air. Very simple and elegant! The screen is just beautiful with Nokia's Clear Black display technology...very crisp and vibrant. I will never go back to a display smaller than 4.3" becuase everyhting is so much more enjoyable and easy to do on a larger screen. The phone also comes with free Turn by Turn Voice navigation which to me is a huge plus. I could go on and on why I bought this phone...The craftmanship is just beautiful...brilliantly different.

I've owned a couple of iPhones (3Gs & 4) and a couple of Windows Phones (Trophy and now my Lumia 900). The Lumia 900 is by far by favorite phone to date. The Windows Phone OS feels a little more refined than iOS and much more refined than Android. Granted, WP could use some changes like any other mobile operating system. The large screen size is easy on the eyes and not too big for my pockets, like I thought it might be. The gorilla glass and polycarbonate body make for a solid build and an overall premium look and feel.

In the interest of full disclosure, I hate Apple and hate Google only slightly less.  I cut my technician's teeth fixing Apple products and quickly decided PCs were the way to go.  The only Apple product I have ever owned is the iPod Nano, 4th gen.  My wife has the iPhone 4, so I have something to compare to.  I was an early-adopter, purchasing the Samsung Focus when they first came out.  One of the primary reasons I chose it was that the memory could be upgraded--which I immediately installed a Kingston 32GB class 4 card in.  This was my benchmark.  My Focus performed better than my wife's iPhone 4 in most aspects, except the camera, of course.  So, when the Nokia Lumia 900 was announced I thought long and hard about upgrading.  Throttling back to only 16GB after living with 40GB was not attractive.  But every other aspect WAS attractive.  The screen is even better than my Focus and it performs even snappier--which is hard to believe, but side-by-side it's obvious.  It significantly moves faster than my wife's iPhone 4.  The battery life is also significantly better, although on LTE it clearly eats battery faster than the other radios.  I can't get over how really solid the build of the Lumia 900 is.  It almost feels indestructable.  The rear camera, being 8MP, initially seemed average, and many have complained about it.  But I've discovered that the default settings--which are what most people stick with--do NOT do the camera justice.  If you educate yourself about exposure, ISO settings, etc., you can get gorgeous pictures from the camera.  Also, the front-facing camera is actually quite astounding!  When using Skype or Tango between the Lumia and the iPhone 4 my video looks better than the video from the iPhone.  Nokia Drive is fantastic for navigation.  So, solid build, solid performance, better OS than iPhone or Android, attractive all around.

I just received my phone from Amazon Wireless yesterday and so far things are going great. The screen is bright and beautiful, the phone is lightening fast and doesn't lag, the call quality is great, the internet connection is super fast (I live in a 4G city), everything on the phone is just what I want and need. I'm not the type of person who has to have the  next big or new thing. After all, this is my first smartphone. So the whole "No Upgrade to Windows 8" dispute doesn't phase me. I knew I wanted the Lumia 900 ever since I played around with it at my local AT&T store. And once I saw that it was just a little penny on Amazon, I grabbed it right away. If you want a great smartphone for a low price, the lumia 900 is for you. If you're stuck on having the newest of the new, then it's not for you. Honestly, I don't see what Windows 8 is gonna have thats 100 times better than Windows 7. Besides an SD card storage or higher resolution camera. So what you won't get to use a few apps? Its not like you need them. Windows 7 already has it all. Before you know it Windows 9 will be out and you'll be wasting your money yet again. The Lumia 900 is an awesome phone and more than serves its purpose. Its great for social media too. I love this phone and don't see why people are trash talking about it. Its fast, sexy, and high quality.

Windows Phone 7 OS is a most advanced OS. It has a more convenient UI than iPhone and more elaborate UI than Android.The quality is perfect. But it is made of plastic.

The phone is simple, fast and beautifully designed.Battery can last about two days with normal usage.The call is loud and clear.Plus Amazon's customer service deserves more than 5 stars.Only pitty is nor Windows Phone 8, but 7.8 works.

To be clear, I have been a blackberry disciple since monochrome screens and no telephone. My first blackberry was email only and is still my clear favorite. I used an iPhone 4 (purchased as soon as it came out) for about a year, but couldn't get my work email and switched back to Blackberry.After finally becoming disgusted with Blackberry and RIM, I made the plunge into a Windows phone last summer.  I have been using this phone constantly for 6 months. The user interface takes approximately 60 seconds to become familiar with. Setting up email accounts was the most difficult part, and took no more than 5 minutes. After faithfully using iTunes for a long time, I was skeptical about switching to Zune. Again, it was absolutely no problem. Sound quality is great, phone functionality is great, phone appearance is awesome. I've dropped this phone about once per week since purchasing and it still works flawlessly.Since purchasing and using this phone, I have sold my iPad, MacBook, and iPod Touch. I now have a Microsoft Surface, Asus 23" all-in-one Windows 8 computer, and I even bought a used Zune HD on ebay (love it!). All of these connect to the multiple XBOX 360s in my house for a great overall user experience.Finally, I threw away my GPS and use Nokia Drive exclusively. I was skeptical about this app, but it is really awesome. I have a Bluetooth device clipped to my car's visor, and it talks me through all of the complicated directions on all of my trips.Overall, EXCEPTIONALLY happy. Strong buy recommendation.

Nokia and Windows Phone are the perfect match. The user interface is intuitive, efficient and getting better all the time. The phone has a fantastic camera, screen and overall feel, the best I have ever used. I would recommend it wholeheartedly to everyone in the market for a smartphone. And it is only $50! Comparing it to the $200 phones that shall not be named here, it is a steal.

I received my cyan 900 two days ago.  This is amazing!  At first I thought the tiles werekind of plain but you create your own design with different color apps, pinned pictures,videos,songs, spaces,picture slide show and it become beautiful.  The apps have large print and are designed with pure class and enjoyment in mind.  The phone is so easy to use and has great app selection.  I grew tired of Android and Apple and finally made the switch to Nokia and their Windows phone.  I can"t wait for the Nokia tablet now.  I'm staying with Nokia and windows.  Get it now!  Before they run out again or raise prices!

The Lumia 900 is really a great device. The design is simply the best you can find in a smart phone at the moment and while the display doesn't meet those of higher end droids and iPhones the Clear Black Display is stunning. The Live Tiles float on the surface and the colors pop making the experience a pleasure to look at.The Windows Phone OS has some shortcomings yet remains ahead of its peers in terms of smoothness, integration with social networking services, microsoft ecosytem (skydrive, office, zune, messenger, etc) and its futuristic typograhic metro user interface. The lack of many major apps may be a draw back for some but it is not a deal breaker for me and I suspect countless others as the windows phone marketplace has over 80, 000 apps.The camera is where the Lumia 900 falls short for me. I am not terribly impressed with the photos. Either they're too dark, noisy or grainy, You may have to fiddle with the settings to get some acceptable shots.Overall the Lumia is without a doubt the best Windows Phone in the market today. Sound quality is excellent, the device feels solid and exudes quality. My overall score is 8/10 But I am increasing it to 8.5 on pricing. You just can't beat and LTE smartphone of this caliber for $0 - $100.PS. I crossed posted this short review on the verge as well.

Nokia and Microsoft joined together to create a great phone. After owning several other smartphones, I have finally found one that meets all my needs. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

I was intrigued by the Lumia 900, but was planning on holding off to see the next model later in the year.  But after seeing the price (especially after the $100 credit), I just couldn't pass it up.This phone is stunning.  It looks great, with a sleek design and the colors really pop.  The clearblack screen actually does what it promises, as the colors look just as great in direct sunlight.But more importantly is how great this phone feels.  I feel like when I got my first cell phone so many years ago, I just can't put the phone down.  I was worried the 4.3 inch screen would be bulky, but after about 5 minutes, it felt like this is the size cell phones should've always been.Everything about this phone is top notch - great call quality, extremely fast and responsive OS, great battery life, and the beautiful build of the phone itself.  Really impressed with the Nokia apps (particularly Nokia Drive, Creative Suite, Nokia Transit) in the marketplace as well.Love it.

You cannot find a better deal than the Nokia Lumia 900. I've never owned a Nokia before but after getting my Lumia 900 I might be a customer for life. This phone is made of a material I have never seen or felt before. It feels very solid, smooth and high quality. The cyan color is absolutely beautiful and is definitely the color to get as it really stands out as a special phone. Everything else just looks plain and boring next to this phone.The ClearBlack AMOLED display is absolutely gorgeous and blows away any washed out LCD like the iPhone's. Colors are much more vibrant and images appear to float on the top of the screen like an actual photograph. Blacks are so dark and inky that you can't even tell where the screen meets the bezel. There are videos online comparing the iPhone vs. Lumia 900 and there is no contest; Lumia's display is much better looking and much bigger.The signal strength is amazing and calls sound much better than any phone I've had. Visual voicemail is included with this phone for free and it works extremely well. 4G LTE speeds are blazing fast in NYC. You can get downloads in the range of 20Mbps on this phone. That is faster than most people's home broadband connection. Internet connection sharing with up to 5 other devices is available on some data plans as well. The external speaker on the phone has great volume and since it is on the bottom instead of the back it doesn't get muffled when you put the phone down on a surface or hold it in your hand. Outstanding design Nokia!The camera is very good and can be brought up even when the phone is locked just by holding down the dedicated camera button. You can snap photos in widescreen or fullscreen mode and upload directly to Facebook Twitter or Skydrive without having to open another app. Worth mentioning you also get 25GB of free cloud storage with SkyDrive. Very nice!So far battery life has been incredible by smartphone standards. After using my phone all day yesterday to look at apps, browse the web, take photos, listen to music, etc. I had almost 50% battery left by the end of the day. This phone can last you a day and a half easily on a single charge.AT&T; includes some nice apps like U-verse video streaming and MyWireless to check your data usage change your plan or pay your bills. You also get a ton of exclusive apps like Nokia's turn by turn navigation and public transit apps. Nokia owns Navteq the mapping company which provides map data for tons of companies like Garmin so this is a major addition to the value of the phone. There are also exclusive CNN, ESPN, Univision, and college sports applications on Nokia's Lumia phones. These apps are excellent and all have 4 or 5 star ratings from users. There are also a few dozen exclusive apps coming from Electronic Arts for the Lumia phones. I love earning Xbox Live achievements on the go. You can even see your friends avatars and edit your Xbox Live avatar on this phone!There are a ton of great apps on Windows Phone so I'll just highlight a few of my favorites: YouTube Pro lets you download and upload videos to Youtube right from a tile on your start screen. It can play videos in HD as well and you can pin any Youtube channel you subscribe to on the start screen. The pinned live tile will update with the image of any new video that is uploaded to that Youtube channel. Radio Controlled is a Pandora music app that plays all of your Pandora playlists. Gmaps Pro gives you Google Maps on your phone including Google Latitude to track your friends and family. "Hey DJ" lets you use your voice to load songs, artists and playlists. Windows Phone also comes with great apps like voice search and voice to launch any app just by holding down the Windows button and saying "Start Netflix" or "Open Netflix." Fastest way to launch apps in my opinion. You can also search for weather by saying "weather" or find movie show times nearby just by saying "movies." This is Siri without the fluff and back-talk, it just works and it works fast.Most of the popular apps are available as well from Kindle/Audible to USA Today/Fox News to Skype/Tango to Kik/WhatsApp to iHeartRadio/TuneIn to Netflix/Vevo to ESPN/MLB at Bat to GasBuddy/Yelp to eBay/Amazon to Twitter/Facebook to Shazam/SoundHound to WeatherChannel/Accuweather to Spotify/Rdio to Slacker/Last.FM to Flixster/Fandango to Bible/Dictionary to Glympse/IMDB you get the idea. This phone has apps, don't believe anyone who says otherwise. By the end of May the Windows Phone platform will have over 100,000 apps in total.My complaints about the phone are minor, but I wish that they had spaced out the hardware buttons more on the side. The volume rocker should have been higher and the camera button a little bit lower. Sometimes it is a bit hard to find the power button in the middle; a little raised bump like those on your keyboard would have helped. I also would have liked an SD card slot to expand memory. Apps are usually less than 1MB, but if you have a lot of videos or a ton of songs you are going to need to compress them to fit on the 16GB of storage. Fortunately Zune PC software does an excellent job of handling this behind the scenes, you can even tell the software the exact bitrate you want it to make all of your songs and it will only compress them on the device, not your PC. Finally not all games have been updated yet to support fast app switching (hold down the back arrow to bring up the task switcher), this is changing over time though as each developer updates their games. All new games seem to support the fast app switching as well.Given the insanely low price of this phone, the rare exceptional quality of the hardware, the blazing LTE speeds, and the high quality of the Windows Phone platform you would be crazy to pass up this phone. Nokia has truly made something special here in the Lumia 900.

Picked mine up yesterday for $100. Went to a Microsoft Store as I wanted to keep my current data plan. That said, Amazon has some sweet deals for those signing up for new plans.The screen is gorgeous, and the speed is a huge bump-up over generation-one Windows Phones. I live in Washington DC, where AT&T;'s LTE network is respectable, and I've never gotten faster mobile internet.Tough to argue with getting Nokia Drive, a free voice-enabled GPS :)

*** EDIT *****Due to popular outcry I have decided to ammend my review. Just so that we understand each other: I LOVE MY PHONE! This is why I feel all the most ticked off at the way it was presented to me when I bought it. I have a wonderful phone that I can use only part of the time. There is nothing wrong with exclusive contracts and I am a firm believer in free enterprise. However I was deceived and the only way around that is to give me an unlock code.**** ORIGINAL POST *****One of the things I love the most about the English language is how precise it is. There is absolutely nothing equivocal about the phrase "No Commitment."When I pay this price, I expect to be able to do as I please with my phone.I spend a lot of time in the US, where I am a loyal AT&T; customer for many years, and have no plans to stop being one. I also spend a lot of time overseas where I have no intention of paying roaming charges. I promptly called AT&T; to request an unlock code for my "No Commitment" phone and they refused me based on an alleged exclusive contract with Nokia.This, however, is not explained before they sell you the phone.I hope you don't fall into the same trap. Thus I take the time an effort to write this review.I do not wish to get a refund. I parted with my money willingly and expect to reap the benefit of my purchase in the manner in which it was offered to me.

I've had several androids and have purchased several iterations of iphones for my boyfriend and serve as his IT department. I absolutely love the switch to my Lumina 900. There are a couple of apps I miss, but all the folks discussing the lack of apps are crazy. I've downloaded hundreds and there really are only a few that matter. Spotify is one of them, and it works quite well on my Windows Phone.What I like most about my Windows phone:- Moving from app to app. It is just a fun user interface.- The automatic text reading via bluetooth in my car. I was totally freaked out the first time my phone got a text while I was driving and a lovely voice asked me if I wanted it read. Then guided me through responding in a matter of seconds. The way it worked was flawless. I love this feature.- Calendar.  I and my family are crazy complicated google calendar users with multiple work, joint, and personal calendars. WP7 is awesome. My appointments actually get entered when I enter them. It is easy to do. And super quick to glance at. I love the calendar on this so much more than my android or iphone.- Skydrive. I am now addicted to saving documents in my skydrive folder and reading them in meetings. Microsoft really did this right.  I'm still trying to figure out where my boyfriend's photos go sometime with that whole icloud thing.- Email. I hate email. I hate it. I try to keep Outlook and gmail closed as much as possible when I'm at my desk. So I depend on email while in transit. It just seems to work on Lumina. I can respond to those that just need a quick note and easily move the ones requiring thought to my Important box. It just works.- Podcasts and audio books. The one app I miss is Audible. I started listening to lots of podcasts. Then I found some easy instructions for how to upload audiobooks as podcasts and I don't really miss Audible. I'm sure it is will be on WP7 soon.- Phone and voicemail. I actually like talking on this. After too many frustrations with the quality of past mobile calls, and calls dropping, my default is always to use my desk phone. I'm actually picking this thing up to make calls. Imagine that. I actually think it is easier to hear people with this. And it is easy to put in a headset.- Love the Netflix app.  I know, there is the ipad laying around. But I'm finding myself looking forward to a little Netflix time before bed with my Lumina.Go for the Lumina. It truly is impressive. It is awesome to hold, almost cuddly....I have a new Atrix 2 if anyone wants it.

Great phone, excellent hardware :) I like how the OS integrates all my contacts and facebook etc.Definitely a vast improvement moving from IOS.

Prior blackberry user.  Tried the Apple and Android offerings.  I'm not a fan of being locked into the "Apple world", so the iphone is not an option despite decent hardware and software.  Every Android phone I've used has been glitchy.  The Nokia Lumia 900 windows phone combines the reliabity and utility of blackberry and the fun of Apple in one amazing package.  This phone is powerful, simple, and just works.

I am a recent iPhone 4 convert.  I was eligible for upgrade earlier this year and honestly didn't have the patience to wait for the iPhone 5. I was looking on Amazon at the phone reviews and saw the positive reviews the Lumia 900 had received. I went to an AT&T to to see the phone in person and was impressed.  I must admit when I held the phone in my hand it felt a bit bigger than I was expecting,  Anyway, I liked the idea of being able to get a unique phone so I bought the Cyan one.  Getting set up was pretty easy.  I was also relieved to discover Microsoft has a similar service to iCloud called Skydrive.  So I can store information to the cloud and can locate my phone if it gets misplaced. Also, Nokia has an app that let me transfer all my iPhone contacts to my new phone via Bluetooth.  Now, the app selection is not as large as Apple or Android but I have discovered that with the Lumia all these apps aren't needed because the services are built into the phone.  For example, bing has a music search feature that allows the phone to hear a song, identify it and allow me to buy it via Zune.  This eliminates me need for Shazam (In the WP Marketplace.)  Also, there is something called local scout that lets me find all the restaurants, shopping areas, and events going on in my area.  No need for Yelp (Also, in the WP Marketplace).  I could go on with more but I think I've made my point.  Anyway, this phone isn't offering anything drastically different then the iPhone but I have noticed it has made things easier.  I don't need as many apps and I am able to get the information I want quicker.  Also, this phone is much cheaper than the iPhone.  When I bought mine, the Lumia was $99.  But now I've seen it for $49.  I am very satisfied with my purchase and my next phone will be a Nokia Windows phone.  I hope this helps.

The Nokia Lumia 900 is one of the most amazing pieces of hardware I've ever had the pleasure of using. The build quality on this has to be felt to be appreciated. It feels solid and smooth in your hand and you can really appreciate the craftsmanship that went into the design. The buttons are well placed, the screen, although a little raised from the actual body, is positioned perfectly for maximum view ability.I haven't been this excited about the industrial design of a cellphone since the original iPhone.The screen is absolutely gorgeous. The colors are rich and vibrant and the Clear Black Display is fantastic, even in bright sunlight. The fact that the glass itself is made of Corning's Gorilla Glass means you can save some cash and skip on getting a screen protector for it.If you've never used the new Windows Phone 7.5 Mango OS, now is the perfect time to take the leap. Having come from years of using iOS and dabbling a little bit in Android, I have to say that Microsoft has done a fantastic job when it comes to the User Experience.WP7.5 is exquisitely simple, yet has deep, robust features for those who need them. The Metro UI is a blast to use with the pivot features, the Hubs and Live Tiles really providing that "glance and go" sensibility that Microsoft has been targeting.The call quality is supberb, and even though we don't have LTE in my community, I do get very fast data speeds with HSPA+.Cons: (every phone has 'em)- Apps: A lot of people are going to complain that WP7.5 doesn't have as many apps as iOS or Android, but the ones that I personally use are there and easy to access. (Facebook and Twitter are INTEGRATED into the OS experience in a superb way which makes sharing photos, videos and status updates FASTER than any other platform.) And XBOX Live integration means that I can rack up gamerscores and play some popular titles right on the handset.- Camera: This to me was the biggest dissapointment and the reason I didn't give the phone 5 stars. Nokia's had a legendary reputation when it comes to their optics, and even though the 8MP camera takes REALLY good pictures, they don't quite compare to iPhone 4S or even Samsung's Galaxy SII. I haven't played with the HTC Titan II to be able to make a comparison, but you can Google some pics to see the difference. Also, video recording is limited to 720p only, but that is a software limitation and from what I understand, Microsoft is working to implement 1080p recording for Windows Phone 8 Apollo. After seeing what Nokia can do with the PureView 808's 41MP camera, I was kinda hoping this phone would have something closer to that. On a PRO side, the front-facing camera is a full 1.3MP so when using Tango to video chat, you'll be transmitting a clearer picture. PRO TIP: Uninstall the native Tango app that the phone comes with and get the proper one from the Marketplace; you'll be able to make video calls over 4G this way!)- Battery life: Now this is a big MAYBE for me, because I do have a lot of apps that have background features activated, so I'm not sure if they're causing excess drain on the phone. You'll find some reviewers that say that battery life is average for a typical smartphone, but I haven't had such luck with it and I also haven't done some controlled experiments with it either. Your mileage may vary.CONCLUSION: The answer to the reason why you're reading this review: "Should I buy this phone?"YES!!!!!! For $99 at an AT&T; store, and whatever crazy price Amazon may be offering PLUS the $100 bill credit you get from Nokia if you buy it before April 21st, it is a FANTASTIC piece of hardware!The key thing is to go to your local AT&T; store and ask one of the reps to show you HIS/HER phone so you can feel it in your hand and get an appreciation at how awesome the colors look on the screen.PRO TIP: Make sure you download Nokia Drive and Nokia Maps from the Nokia Collection on the Marketplace app because they are awesome! Nokia Drive gives you offline, turn-by-turn, voice-guided directions and works almost everywhere in the world! (You have to download the maps initially, but you can do that over Wi-Fi and 4G/LTE)A few app recommendations for those new to WP7.5:-- Mehdoh: my favorite dedicated Twitter App-- KIK: For cross-platform messaging (save $$$ on the text message bundle!)-- Baconit: The BEST Reddit browser on ANY smartphone.-- Insider: New ringtones and Wallpapers straight from Microsoft! Plus handy tips!-- Nextgen Reader: Great Google Reader app!-- Pinspiration: for those Pinterest users out there!-- SkyMap Free: Check out if that star is really a planet!-- Weather: Live tile updates for your local weather!

Awesome !! MOBILE from Nokia Lumia 900 Cyan great elegant design, perfections onon details,it's voice clear speaker and audio.It's fast with a beautifully sharp screen excellent quality.Complemented with my favorites,camera and voice guided gps maps makes this NOKIA mobile a must recommendation

Let me preface this by saying that I received my Lumia 900 from AT&T; two days ago, and what a phone it is! First off, I received the phone for free with an AT&T; service plan. That is hard to beat. But even for the price of the new iPhone, which I understand is a couple of hundred dollars, I think this phone is worth it.Software:The connectivity and ease of use are so apparent that within five minutes of turning on the phone, I was on Facebook, chatting with friends, had downloaded all my contacts online, setup my email, and was calling my best friend to test the call quality. I didn't pull anything over from my previous phone, just let Windows Mobile do its thing. It's difficult for me to imagine that other operating systems can compete with the ease and breadth of use this system offers. Every single piece of software seems integrated. One can easily jump from Facebook, to Twitter, to email, to a phone call, etc. In fact, the phone notified me when people so much as "liked" a comment of mine on Facebook, and mind you I wasn't in Facebook when this was happening. That brings me to my second point, the phone is fast. I downloaded ten or so free applications in less than ten minutes. Even via WiFi, I was impressed with the phone's response time, as I was able to download maps for the entire United States on Nokia Drive (~2 GB) in ~15 minutes. Third, with all the complaints I've read about applications, I feel that it's important to touch on this aspect of the experience. Like I was hinting at before, the phone comes loaded with a bunch of applications so that right off the bat, you are texting, calling, pulling up Facebook, etc. On top of that, there are a ton of free applications for many of the sites I use most: Yelp, IMDB, Ebay, Amazon, YouTube, Evernote the list goes on... With Nokia, you also get a ton of free applications including ESPN (which is really awesome if you like sports), USA Today, Nokia Drive, Nokia Maps, Nokia Radio, etc. In fact, I would argue that most of the important apps are there. That said, there are some applications that you won't find including Pandora. Finally, one thing that I always hated about my iPhone was it seemed like I had to sign in for every darn little thing. With this phone, I downloaded everything, including paid applications, without signing in. That's right, I signed into my hotmail account when I first turned on the phone, and after that...nada.Hardware:Simply put, the hardware is stunning! The phone has quickly become one of the proudest items I own, as the cyan blue catches my attention every time I look at it. It really is something that you have to see to appreciate. Additionally, the single cut, polycarbonate body feels amazing in the hand. Be forewarned that the polycarbonate isn't metal and will scratch if it contacts a rough surface, but the body does achieve a sturdiness that is welcome in a device susceptible to dropping. Moreover, the display while fingerprint prone is stunning. Even with what I understand to be lower graphics than the new iPhone, the brightness, size, and definition are quite impressive. Turning to the camera, while I didn't compare the quality to other phones myself, I have seen some comparisons online that show mixed reviews depending on lighting, focus, etc. This probably isn't the phone to buy if the camera is the most important feature for you, but for the average user it will be more than enough. Separately, the storage space cannot be upgraded, so bear that in mind if you intend on downloading a lot of content. Turning to battery life, I used the phone pretty much non-stop for the first couple of days and it lasted about 7-8 hours - decent given that I was streaming videos as well as surfing the web. I recently spoke with a representative who indicated that an update is imminent and will likely contain power saving features. Given that I've heard some good things about the Lumia 800's update as it relates to extending battery life, I'm hoping the same applies here. Lastly, the phone has excellent call quality. I've long wondered how other phones with poor call quality receive so much praise. Isn't a phone (even a "smart" one) centered around the ability to make calls? Well, for me, call quality is clutch. And Nokia delivers in 1990's fashion, which is to say the call quality lives up to Nokia's past reputation. I found that the sound was crisp, the volume range was impressive, and the signal didn't fade a bit.In short, Nokia and Microsoft have teamed up to create a user experience that really blows me away. At $100 or less with a service plan, it would be hard to compete with the Lumia 900. Good work Nokia & Microsoft and looking forward to future devices!

I have two Xbox consoles at home, a Zune PASS account for music, an Exchange account at work, and an Office 365 account for my personal use.  I have to say, the integration that this phone provides is absolutely amazing.I can download all of the music I want on my Xbox consoles, my Lumia 900, and my computer.  I can remotely control my Xbox consoles with my Lumia 900.  The calendar and task management is far superior than anything I've seen with Andriod and iPhone (and I used three iPhones over 3.5 years).  I have complete access to my SharePoint accounts, both at work, and through Office 365.  I can also VPN in and remote-desktop into any of the servers at work.I have about 40-50 apps installed, and I'm not feeling like I'm missing anything major.  I can even control my heating and air-conditioning, my lights, and my front door with my Lumia 900!  (Grasshopper app).I can't imagine this phone not catching fire, and am looking forward to the many updates coming to us in Windows Phone 8.-Vito

I wish i could get the phone itself 4.5 out of 5, but I still don't think the phone is worthy of 5/5 so 4 it is. But i moved to this phone from the Samsung Focus S, and i always hated how cheap the phones felt. This has a lot more heft to it, so it was a little jarring at first, but now after having it for an extended period of time (placed my order on April 20th), i'm really liking the weight of the device.I really love the construction of the phone, it doesn't feel cheap at all, and even though it's plastic (polycarbonate) it still feels like a premium device. I've taken some pictures, and though i wish the sensor was as good as the Focus S (i don't think it's as good) and more importantly back-lit, i think it's good enough that it wont be a big issue for me.LTE is great, if you can get it, and the Nokia apps that are available are hands down the best out of all OEMs (HTC, Samsung, etc). You'd honestly be crazy to get anything other than a nokia right now, regardless or carrier or price range.

I used to be an iPhone 4 user who jumped almost blindly to the Windows Phone bandwagon when it first came out about two years ago. Before that I swore I would never use Windows Mobile again. Well Windows Phone is not Windows Mobile and why did I abandon the bounty of the iOS camp and took a chance with Windows Phone? It was the design of the Windows Phone OS. Metro to me looked like the future and as a developer, I was stoked about all the behind the scenes plumbing that Microsoft did on the OS and how those little touches could enhance the user experience. I spoke to a friend about Windows Phone and compared it to an infant going up againts two giants, iOS and Android. It did not look like a fair fight then, but I always thought of Windows Phone as an infant but with Superman DNA and one day that infant is gonna grow up and kick some!! With the Mango release, Windows Phone has grown up and I think we are going to be in for some treat on the next major release, Apollo. But despite offering what I truly feel is the best user experience of any smartphone OS, Windows Phone has not quite caught on. An excellent OS alone can't sell, Windows Phone needed a Hero device. The Nokia 900 is that Hero device. On a sea of iCopycat phones, the 900 stands out, proudly pimping out Windows Phone's live tiles on its gorgeous screen. I can sum up my 4 day experience with the phone as this -> The first time I booted up Windows Phone, I thought I could never go back to iOS, and the first time I saw and held the 900, I thought I can no longer go back to the other manufacturers. Sorry Samsung, HTC, and others. I am officially a Nokia sheep now. Mmmmmeeeeeeeee (sheep sound).Update 4/19/2012After using the phone for two weeks now, I can say without a doubt that this is the best phone I've ever used. It is way better than my previous two phones (iPhone 4 and Samsung Focus) in a number of ways:1) Cellular Reception - I can now make and receive calls at home. At&t;'s signal at my neighborhood is pathetic but with this phone, it's not an issue at all2) Crystal clear voice signal - I no longer have to bury the phone hard on my ears to hear the other person I'm talking to.3) Stonger wifi reception - not even close. My wireless N router is located in my living room and with my previous phones and even the iPad (well the iPad is known to have lousy wifi) I can barely get a signal in my bedroom. Not a problem with this phone at all!!4) Stonger/Faster Cellular data reception - again, not even close. I can now stream internet music on my 40 mile drive to work with no breakup or interruption. Even streaming from Zune (known to have issues with slow cellular data connection) is no longer a problem! Just stellar!5) Longer battery life - at the very least, it matches that of my iPhone 4, and that's with live tiles and LTE antenna. Again, stellar!6) Audio quality - not as good as a dedicated music player like Zune HD, but very close and blows away my Samsung Focus and definitely better than iPhone 4.7) Speakers - again, not even close. This thing is loud!8) Build quality - as good as Apple's products. Nuff said.9) Looks - space age cool and most definitely stands out from the pack. I can honestly say this is more appealing than the iPhone 4.10) Screen - not the hi-res screen that most reviewers knock the phone for as compared to the iPhone, but I'll take this gorgeous vibrant screen any day over the iPhone. If you don't believe me, open up the email app on this phone and the iPhone4 and compare them side by side.And last but not least -> great customer service! Nokia owned up to their quality control issue with the initial batch of phones that got shipped with the wrong firmware version and corrected the issue immediately in a way that no other company I can recall has done before. Hats off to Nokia!

I am thrilled with this phone. Having owned iPhones, androids, Blackberrys and Palm os phones, here comes Windows phone 7.5 seemingly out of nowhere. I know the Windows os has been around a long time but it was always overshadowed by other platforms/devices. Well no more....that has now changed. The Windows OS is fantastic...very smooth & intuitive plus it is fast. The call quality is excellent, speakerphone loud & AppStore is very well stocked and will only get better. You will not be disappointed with this phone. Break out of the iPhone/Android/Blackberry mold and try this refreshing Windows phone. BTW: the phone has a solid build and the screen has gorilla glass. The Cyan color is very unique. It's as pretty to look at as I is to use. No cookie cutter design here. The polycarbonate unibod design is Aces and feels great in the hand. The colors also pop on the 4.3 inch screen. Try it!

I must say I'm super happy with the Lumia 900! Thanks Microsoft and Nokia for putting out a kicks ass phone!I was initially a bit worried that the size would be too big or cumbersome, but after using it a few weeks, I've had zero problems. Fits in my pocket just fine, very comfortable and probably the greatest screen out there for videos, games and apps!Battery life last has been about two days they way I use it (texting, some gaming, plenty of People Hub activity, daily various app use and probably a hour of music playing each day).People Hub is the best way to connect through Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. I haven't noticed any apps I need that aren't there.As a gamer - I love getting Xbox gamer points (Puzzle Quest 2, Angry Birds and Plants v. Zombies are my go to games).Great phone. Seriously check it out!

Okay so I had a Samsung focus that I cracked the screen on over 5 months ago and had the chance to upgrade during christmas to the focus S. I saw the lumia 800 and fell in love. I figured I would wait to see if the 800 was to come to the USA. Once the 900 was announced, nothing was going to make me change my mind otherwisw, I was going to wait.Well I'm glad I did cause this phone is so dang nice and beyond a head turner. The screen is so large and much more vibrant the the focus I had. The speed is fast and does not lag out at all. Why get a quad core when you don't need it in my opinion, it's not a pc. The camera has some great features and is premium in the field of point and shoot for everyday use. I know the Titan 2 has 16mp but if I need to go that high then I might as well get a professional camera.In the way of apps I know the selection is lower then apple and android but the os has only been out a year and a half. Everything takes time and all the apps I need are there. I mean, I have 50+ apps on my ipod and only use maybe 15 consistantly. All of which I have on my phone.The only real complaint I had was that my data was not working out of the box. It is a software issue that att and nokia are aware of and is being fixed with an update on Monday (16th). Furthermore, nokia is giving everyone who got the phone before the 22nd a $100 credit to their bill for the issue. So the phone is free!!! So yeah, well worth it.

Gizmodo:"Microsoft had to do this. You can pout about being excluded, you can claim you're being screwed, you can protest over being ripped off, but if you want Windows Phone to continue to not only exist but have a chance to flourish and dominate, you'll take this as the smart move of a recently genius company trying to save itself and sell you terrific things. So suck it up, and enjoy the good thing you already have."It's time to buy a new Lumia in the next spring. Then I will get even better Lumia with better specs.

I bought 3 of these phones and they have been nothing but Awesomethe video and pic is the best I have ever had.Thanks again Nokia

I will lead by saying that the Lumia looks good and feels great. My Lumia's stunning blue good looks turn heads and the strong body and heft give it a great feel in the hand.I want to emphasize the best thing about the Lumia, however, is not the hardware, but the way you interact with it. I've never used anything more fluid or intuitive. A really mind-blowingly pleasant experience. You just sorta feel like you are floating around the cyber-world when you interact with this device. No frustration, no cursing, not sticking or issues. I can't tell you the last time a piece of technology made me feel less stressed.

Big and bright screen even in direct sunlight. Windows Phone OS is refreshing and smooth. Live tile notification is very accurate and time saver. IE browser is very fast on 4G LTE and the renders the webpages very nicely. I have a SharePoint site and work and I have smooth integration with the SharePoint site and I can now update my documents (Excel, Word, PowerPoint and OneNote) from my phone and publish it back to the SharePoint with a click. SkyDrive automatically backs up all my documents and photos onto the cloud so I don't have to worry about my photos and personal stuff if I lose my phone. I just found out that you can go to the windows phone site ([...]) and login to find, ring, lock or erase your personal data on the phone. That's so cool! Xbox integration with Xbox companion app is icing on the cake.Lumia 900 camera pictures are great especially outside and lowlight pictures. Even though the screen is huge it feels nice and comfortable holding it on in the pocket. Nokia has done an excellent job with the overall phone look and feel.

Amazing phone!I was a bit skeptical about purchasing the lumia 900 because a couple of bad reviews (after further research into  the reviewers I found they are simply biased towards apple, period) but after owning it for 3 days now I can see they were clearly just looking to "create" issues or make waves. This phone is incredible. The screen is incredible, the construction and ease of use just amazes me every time I pick it up.At 200 bucks this phone would be worth it, for 100 is it just a give away and wiht the 100 rebate nokia is kicking in for an issue that I have not even come across just says they are serious about windows phone. I think I will actually feel guilty about accepting a 100 rebate from nokia on my AT&T; bill. I want them to turn a profit. There are some amazing designers and engineers at that company and our money is what allows them to keep jobs.Anyway, I don't really know what to say for a review, I just know that the phone, the marketplace, using the zune software, the build are just all I could ever ask for. This thing loads fast, turns on fast, the internet is fast. It just works and works well.If  they make a better version of this phone in a year, it will be akin to polishing a perfect diamond.Thank you Nokia, Microsoft and AT&T; (I just came from verizon)you have done an amazing job!

As far as windows phones go, this phone is a winner. I tried the Titan originally and while I was impressed with the Mango OS, I was less than thrilled with the network. Here comes the Lumia 900 from Nokia. Stylish, 4.3" screen, solidly built, but best of all, it runs on LTE, which if you're familiar with Verizon's network, this is AT&T;'s foray into the high speed network. Here in Orlando, we have it and its just as fast.The phone is solid. There was a bit of a data issue, but Nokia was right on it and even compensated users both old and new to this device. Their dedication to the product was what pushed me into making my purchase and I'm really glad I did. I haven't put the phone down since I got it and that also goes to show the type of battery life in getting. Its still early on, so I'm sure the apps will grow fr the current crop of 80,000+. I'm patient this is a good product and if you're lucky enough to be in an LTE area, give it a try. You won't be disappointed.

It doesn't come with headset, silly...I'm not heavy user for smartphone. Had experience with Atrix and Iphone4 before. Now I own Nokia Lumia 900.would rate them:Atrix with 3 starsIphone4 with 4 starsNokia Lumia 900 with 4 starsWith 4 stars, both Nokia and MS have lots of room to grow in terms of software and phone design.recommend for everyone to have it.

Easy to use, Quick to navigate from task to task. Responsive and stable UI. Solid feel and good looks. Great built-in capabilities for tying communication across Facebook, Twitter, email, chat, and phone. All around happy with the phone.

I jumped on to Windows Phone wagon after seeing the Nokia 900 device.  It is less or same weight as iPhone 4 (my previous phone).I like the larger screen and brighter display.As a newbie to windows phone, it took some time to learn about the WP7.5 features and I love the people tile on the first page.  It provides me all the information per person (their emails, chats, FB and Linked in updates).Maps application is cool.I am not finding 1 or 2 apps I used to have on iPhone, but I can live without them for a while.For the price you pay (ZERO $ or get money back from ATT, if you buy it from Amazon), it is a steal!I love it, love it, love it.

I preordered this device from ATT and Recieved it friday. This device is VERY snappy on my focus once in a while it would stutter when flicking. I have not had this happen at all. I went on an Easter trip to see my family I had the bluetooth turned on and setup through my jeeps stereo and listened to zune music and podcasts on the entire 6 hours round trip drive. It never buffered and never disconncted. The Touchless Text messaging was very helpfull and Nokia Drive was very nice. It is 1000% better for driving use then the Map system that comes default with the Phone. I am a Developer and I have to develop for Wp7 Andriod an IOS every day. I like WP7 the best. You can write apps in half the time on WP7 then you can on andriod and IOS. I believe when more ppl start using the plateform the OS will shatter the 1m app barrier

Been using a Cyan Lumia 900 for about a month...and I love it! I really, really like the Windows OS. It is clean and fresh and simple and elegant. Stale buttons (like on Android and IOS) just don't appeal to me. The live tiles are awesome. The whole operating system is smooth and snappy and has wonderful little designs that are easy to take for granted, but add to the whole experience (like the arrow at the top right flipping from right to left when you slide over, or the typography "spilling" onto the next page, instead of being center-bolded at the top.Also, I can't overstate how beautiful the phone itself is. I get complements on it all the time. The cyan color is bold but in an understated kind of way; it differentiates the phone without being overwhelming. And, with the cyan unibody, the black screen really "pops."The phone itself is tough. I am hard on my phones, but this is the first phone I have ever felt comfortable using without a case. It feels like it was built with care, and it has the weight of something well made. The unibody design feels good in my hand and walks the line well between sticky and slippy (with "sticky" meaning you can't get it out of your pocket and "slippy" meaning its like a bar of soap in your hands). And the toughness isn't just a personal feeling: For some hard evidence check out the youtube video where the guy hammers in a nail using the Lumia's screen without as much as scratching the phone [...]. I for one am really happy that the phone doesn't need a case, because it is truly too gorgeous to hide in a beefy otter box.Other great features: XBox Live games; Zune music player with Zune Pass (LOVE this. Get a zune pass. 10 bucks a month, unlimited music); Nokia specific apps (like Nokia Drive); App Store (there are PLENTY of apps to choose from, don't listen to people who say otherwise); 4gLTE is noticeably faster than 3G; tethering ability; integration with 3rd party apps like Facebook, Linked In, etc.; awesome email and calendar application; phone charges REALLY fast (like a half hour gets you from low battery to good to go).Negatives: Camera, which was highly doubted, has disappointed me. It works, but isn't close to replacing a standalone camera. Battery, which is also highly touted, has been average at best (although I am an admittedly heavy user)Overall: Get this phone! Highly recommended. I did a lot of research, and there is absolutely no phone that is a better value. I would have bought this phone over any Android or Iphone at $200, but at $50 or free it is a no brainer. You won't be disappointed.

I've been loyal Nokia customer all my life. And I just wanna tell you guys this is an amazing phone from Nokia. Moreover, some Nokia users will say that the were tired of the Symbian OS, and now as this is Windows phone, I must tell works better than any Symbian. U just can't beat NOKIA. It was the first company that started to produce cellphone and since then it was the best, is the best and will be the best :D Just don't think more, this is defiantly what you want to buy!!!!!

There's not much I can add to the accolades others have written about the phone.  Great look and feel, great OS, and at ~100K apps, I've yet to find a app missing that I may want.One of the things I never liked about the iPhone was the way it felt - heavy and dense.  It was sturdy feeling, and there's some comfort in that, of course.  The Lumia seems to have designed a new kind of casing, it has a light feeling, but seems very sturdy and robust.  Best of both worlds: it's not flimsy and it's not heavy.I recommend the phone - at these prices it's a no brainer.

Do not purchase a Lumia 900 if you have any interest in the Windows Phone 8 release scheduled for this fall.  Microsoft announced that neither the Nokia Lumia 710 or 900 will be able to be upgraded to their newest phone OS platform.  Those of us that bought into the Microsoft/Nokia hype as early adopters of the Lumia have gotten screwed.  Don't join our ranks.  Either buy a hardware platform that will upgrade, (perhaps Samsung?), or go with another OS platform.  I sincerely believe the Windows Phone OS platform is the best of the big 3, but this recent decision by Microsoft/Nokia just sucks.

Like everyone that pre-ordered, I received my phone on Friday and have been using it all weekend. I'm loving it! The screen is gorgeous, and the camera very nice. I had a HTC HD7 and I did some side-by-side comparison pictures and the Lumia definately had the better picture. But it wasn't just the richer color, the image was sharper and better stabilized. I'm so glad I got this phone.

My background included the B.B. Storm, the Palm Pre, the iPAD, the wife's Galaxy (android).Been using the Lumia 900 for 3 days so far.  This is the first phone where I have not felt like I have to wait for updates for it to work right. Everything is working right straight out of the box.  The live tile interface is refreshing.  It is intuitive, I can email or take notes in a single click, and I can add whatever I want to the tiles so that I can choose which one-click features are important for me. With the SkyDrive storage, you can do everything without ever having to connect the phone to a computer.The phone construction is rock solid.  Not sure why they did not stick some cheap ear buds in the box (you need a headset plugged in to listen to the built in radio tuner).Battery life has been okay so far. I've been messing with it all waking hours over the weekend and I've been bringing it down to 1/4 battery within 4-5 hours.  I'll need to see what it looks like in a normal "work" day.

I really love this phone! The whole UI design along with the hardware is fantastic (I have the cyan color). It's smooth, fast (especially on LTE) and intuitive. I love how easy the Zune interface is to sync my content and control it the way I want to - no more tears like in the bad-ol iTunes days ;-) There are several fine reviews of the Lumia 900 device here on Amazon, so I won't go into those details. I just wanted to say that I've been an iPhone user (3, 3G, 4) for many years and the Lumia 900 is a definite upgrade for me!*** Update ***I've been using the Lumia 900 constantly since I bought it and it's still a fantastic device. I love showing off the hardware and the intuitive UI. I'm very happy with it and look forward to more apps and updates for the Lumia series. Great phone!

I don't even know where to start.  I've had my phone for over a day now and I'm completely thrilled with the product.  Best place to start is with describing the solid construction.  Use of polycarbonate body feels really sturdy and makes me not cringe if I dropped the phone.  Screen is beautiful and the colors just pop out.  Given how vibrant the screen is, I haven't really noticed a huge difference when reading kindle books on the Nokia device even when comparing it to my iPad 3.  OS is smooth and fast.  No clue why reviewers are so hung up on the phone being single core.  For most of the rest of the population that chooses their phones based on experience, the rest of us won't notice.  Live tiles are a breeze to use and make getting things done better.  Speakerphone is loud and clear.  When I'm on the speakerphone, people can't tell that I'm on it.  This phone is stable, stable, stable.  No more rebooting like my two other samsung Android phones when I'm trying to make a phone call.  No more laggy performance even though I shut down every app and made certain nothing was running in the background.  Even listening to online radio on Wifi is more stable on this device.  Only negative thing I can say about the device is that the app ecosystem is less than iOS and android, but I've found adequate enough replacements that it's not that big a barrier.  For example, WP7 doesn't have Pandora, but I've found iheartradio to be a better product anyways.  Some of that is made up for by the great Nokia specific WP7 apps.  Nokia Drive is fantastic.  Imagine turn by turn directions with maps that can be downloaded (no data hog worries here) for over 100 countries with spoken directions in at least 20 languages / accents (Urdu anyone?).  Maybe one other thing is the camera underperforms given what I had expected from a Zeiss camera, but overall it's okay versus other camera phones.  Colors are average, but photos are actually pretty sharp.  Speed to take a photo is a bit on the slow side versus iPhone 4S my wife has.Regardless of the situation with apps, at the end of the day, the killer application for any smartphone is voice.  I can't even begin to express how thrilled I am with the reception on the phone.  There is a spot on my drive back home that I used to ALWAYS drop coverage on the iPhone and Samsung Android phones.  I drove right by and kept the conversation going.  It was like I was on my verizon phone.  The conversation always used to get cut off when I'd pull up into the garage and walk into the elevator in my building.  With this phone, the reception was crystal clear with absolutely no degradation in the signal.While other folks may be amazed by the pizzazz of more apps and dual cores, I just want a phone that works.  This phone works with few hiccups and shows what happens when a smartphone actually functions as a phone.  I used to think the reason why I kept dropping calls was because AT&T; had an inferior network, but after having this phone, I've decided it was because I had the wrong phone.

For starters, I've been with Windows Phone since shortly after its release; it was a natural progression from the oft-mocked but secretly delightful Zune platform (RIP). It has been a journey not without its bumps. Windows Phone has had to claw its way into the smartphone market, and its continued existence is due purely to Microsoft's doggedness. It's not as if WP has nothing new to offer. It's a simple market fact that people tend to be happy with only two to three options in any category, especially in the technology marketplace. Witness the longtime twosome of Windows vs. Mac operating systems, with Linux running a distant third. There are plenty of other examples.Windows Phone has finally wrestled its way into the scuffle, though, and it's a very good thing. It offers an extremely stable operating environment, surprisingly good performance even on mid-grade hardware which would choke an Android phone, integration into the fuller Microsoft user experience, such as Xbox Live, Office, and Zune Pass ($10 a month for unlimited streaming and downloading music, cheap enough to never feel the urge to pirate), and a user interface that is just fun and beautiful, and oh-so refreshing when compared to Apple and Android UIs.And now, This great phone OS (operating system) finally (it cannot be stressed enough, FINALLY!) has a great piece of hardware to run on, something which expresses the same aesthetic and value system that the OS does. The phone is, first off, a terrific piece of engineering, a beautiful, industrial block with rounded sides which make it a joy to hold and use, with a stunning OLED screen which is easy to see even in bright daylight. Every aspect of the hardware is as good as you'd expect classic Nokia to put out. The phone's slimness and light weight, combined with the grippy matte finish, makes it as effortless in the physical space as the WP platform makes controlling and navigating the phone.I mentioned the bumpy road to WP excellence; primarily it has been the lack of very good hardware. Previously I've been using an LG Quantum, a well-made phone but one which understood nothing, so to speak, of the Windows Phone way. None of the 1st-generation phones on offer for WP met its needs for a champion, and so far I believe Nokia is the only one to understand the OS, which is fine considering Nokia has pledged its whole cause to Microsoft. Together, they're performing an almost phoenix-like rise from the ashes, though it remains to be seen how far upwards they will be able to go. At this point in time, however, they have the perfect phone and OS for me.There are some rocks remaining in the road: apps still haven't met the availability of Android and iPhone. This is mostly the fault of app developers, but it is actually a complex issue. Accelerating the development of WP apps takes Microsoft's evangelizing, user adoption, market acceptance, and plain old time. That is why people looking for Draw Something won't be able to find it (yet) on WP, and if your life revolves around installing cutting-edge, popular apps as soon as they've entered the public consciousness, you might be disappointed, for awhile. But WP doesn't get enough credit for what it does have, the aforementioned Microsoft product integration, which will only improve with the release of Windows 8, which takes numerous design principles straight from Windows Phone, and wants to augment the phone experience in some interesting ways.In summation, I'd consider this to be the emergence of the first Windows Phone champion, the "iPhone" of Windows Phones. In fact, Nokia may well become the only WP manufacturer that really takes the limelight, and that's perfectly okay with me, while other companies will still offer another take on the WP for those who don't find Nokia's offerings to suit their needs. Essentially, we might see WP embrace the best of both iPhone and Android, with the seamless user experience of the former combined with the choice of the latter. Such can only be a good thing, and positions them to be a worthy "third" in a battle that has, until now, been a two-player game.

First of all, I love the iPhone. It really is a great phone, and it does surpass the Lumia 900 in many areas. However, I decided to give the 4S to my girlfriend, and give the Lumia 900 a try.First of all, it's really customizable. Yes, you can uninstall preinstalled apps, and you you can use mp3's as ringtones without an obscene workaround like you have to do with the iphone. This makes it a lot easier to personalize you phone - a thing the iPhone really lacked imho.Call quality is really good, the messaging system is also great. It's easy to use, though not as easy to set up as the iPhone. It's not as crisp and fast as the iPhone, but the Lumia 900 will hold power all day without the need for a recharge.The menu system is absolutely cool, and it will get even greater when it gets updated to 7.8 in september 2012. I love the live-tiles, though at the moment, some of them are simply too big and bulky. But 7.8 will fix that.The lumia has free Nokia GPS which is pretty cool, though I don't use it. But it's there. The maps aren't as good as Google's, but there is an app for that. (Uh, copyright infringement, eh Apple?)At first I hated that the Lumia 900 imported all my contacts from facebook and twitter, but once I found out that I could group and link people, it really came in handy. Too bad there is a limitation of 20 people in a group, I hope they fix that in a later update. However, the grouping is what is really great, for it also group the content your contacts post on facebook, twitter or whatever. That's absolutely awesome. No more do I have to read about old classmates commenting on pictures of people that I don't know. This limits the info stream to the people I care about.I hope more apps will appear, and they will - also, I really hope that Microsoft update IE in 7.8, since the browser in no way lives up to Safari on the Iphone.The image quality on the camera is not as good as the iphone. I also find it rather slow, but the action shot app from nokia helps. The best thing about the camera, is at you don't have to push a button to take the picture; simply press the screen where you want the focus, and the picture is taken. I love that feature. Another good thing is that it is wide angle and f/2,8, which means that it will work in low light conditions.Last and not least, you don't have the same phone as everybody else. Yes, iPhone and Android phones surpass the Lumia 900 in many ways: Like better browser, camera and more apps in stores. But the windows phone has something I can't really place. I love this phone as much as I loved the Iphone 4s. Perhaps it is because that I'm no longer running around with the same phone as everybody else, or perhaps it is because that I can sort in all the BS coming from facebook and twitter. In any case, I'm happy that I bought this phone, and I give it four stars.

I've had two iPhones and an HTC HD7 Windows Phone before this Nokia.The Phone is very well built and the quality of photographs is very good. The front camera works well with the Skype client (HD7 didn't have that).What makes the phone really standout are the free Nokia apps, especially the Nokia drive and the camera extras. Nokia drive works well and is attractive - its all you need for GPS in your car.The camera extras integrate with the Windows Phone camera software to give you all sorts of control and features - white balance, exposure value, ISO etc. There is also a "smart group shot" feature that takes multiple shots and then lets you choose the best facial expressions of people to include in a composite!This is a solid high quality piece of kit at an outstanding price (with contract).

I am a developer, programmer and designer. I chose Android because I enjoy hacking and all the developer tools associated with it. I recently upgraded from my HTC Incredible to the Samsung Galaxy Nexus. I could not stand the under developed interface. Everything seemed incomplete and a mess. I can't even count the amount of times I have had force closes. For me, Android felt like Windows 98 and XP. It works, but many things can break it.Getting the Lumia 900 was a breath of fresh air. I am amazed on how everything is integrated so well. I'm not even sure I need to use a separate app now :)I know the developer community is small, but all my Apps I use on Android were available from the Windows Marketplace. I would have to say they are far less developed as it is for other OS's, but in time they will be in sync. The hacking community is small too, but things will open up in the future. I do want my free tethering and wifi hotspot :)I received the Lumia on 4/6. I was surprised on the clarity and sharpness of the screen. When they say ClearBlack, they mean clear black.The build quality is excellent. Solid, no creaking or loose buttons. I would like to see how it might fair in a drop test though.The battery is far better than I had expected. Nokia says 7 hours and reviews have said it is OK or not up to par with other phones. Well, The Samsung Galaxy, in normal use, it drained fairly quick and would not last an entire day. So far, my Lumia has lasted the entire day, with extensive usage (it is a new phone, I have to play with it).Overall, I thoroughly enjoy the phone. It works. It's nice. It is high quality. And most of all it is different.

I have owned a lot of smart phones over the past couple years, including an iPhone, and a couple Android phones.  I recently bought the Nokia Lumia 900, and I really love it.  First off, it is a beautiful device, feels great in the hand, yet is very durable.  Second, it is just so quick and easy to use.  Compared to Android, it is night and day easier and quicker.  I was always so frustrated with my phone before, and now I love it.  I find myself using it more and more all the time.I was recently in New Jersey, and got to try the LTE, and to say I was impressed is an understatement.  The LTE service was so fast, I couldn't believe it.  I was seeing 18Mbps download speeds!

So I gave it three 3/5 because I'm a little conflicted here.  This is the best all-around smartPHONE out there, I've used Androids and iPhones and anybody who says this doesn't have the best interface is delusional.  However, the app selection is still relatively small and the biggest downsides is that as of now you won't be able to upgrade this phone to the WinPhone8 platform later this year!  So unless MS changes their mind you'll be stuck with an un-upgradable phone in a few months.

I switched to a Windows Phone (Samsung Focus) from an iPhone last year, and I never regretted it. Particularly after the WP7 Mango update, the OS is slick, fast and intuitive and simply visually stunning. By comparison, iPhone OS is looking clunky and dated. But the Lumia takes the Windows Phone to an entirely new level.From an aesthetic standpoint, it is the first phone whose design is equal to the sheer visual beauty of the OS. It grabbed a page from the iPhone minimalism and took it one higher, with smooth uninterrupted lines. And the Cyan color is a nice "pop" - great change from the regular black and white. I hate to even put a cover on this phone.  The Clear Black display is crisp and the colors vivid without being unnatural.  I LOVE the feel of the Gorilla Glass.  It's slicker with a more crystal appearance than my old Focus.The added Nokia travel apps - Drive, Transit and Nokia Maps give me more bang for the buck than the Windows standard Maps, and the forward-facing Camera will let me get maximum use out of the new Skype app. The battery life has also been fantastic - easily twice the life I was able to get from my Focus.The only minor complaints I have are the weight (it's balanced, but noticeably heavier than my previous phones), and the camera quality. But this will always be limited by optical distance, so this is a MINOR quibble. I have a DSLR if I want quality photos.  I don't expect much more than snaps from my phone - if you are using your phone as a primary camera, I wouldn't recommend it, but it's just not how I use a phone.I didn't think I could love my Windows Phone more - I was, thankfully, wrong!!

I bought two phones on Monday one cyan and a black... I have never had I phone this good. I've been using smart phones since the htc 8100 and this phone is the best built quality that I have had, I really love it.

This phone is simply amazing. So much more intimate than any phone in terms of build quality, it feels like NOKIA and Apple were melted together to form the most elegant and durable device. I really like the headphone jack metal rim ring, it looks super cool along with the FCC curved letter stamping on the bottom. Just little details that are usually over looked on other phones, are made so beautiful on this device. I really can't get over how snappy it is, I was really expecting it not live up to the hype to be honest. At&t LTE pulling 30+ Mbps... -_- makes my home internet seem more like molasses. More than worth the wait. The 1.4ghz processor is no slouch and much better experience than my friends Samsung Focus. I heard a few sites bashing the camera, I wouldn't say there's anything wrong, it does take on its own character but the images really are good, and not over saturated like most phones, its quite pleasing to eye. The speaker is solid and good for media play back, it position makes it really hard to accidentally cover the sound, and even if you do cover the speaker holes, you can still hear the sound as if it werent covered...awesome! The vibrate functions at near hummingbird speed, some might mistake it as an odd sound, but it's just good hardware, maybe too good. REALLY amazing front facing camera, its almost unbelievable that a front camera would look that clear. So believe the hype, Go play with one at a retail. GOOD JOB NOKIA

I wanted to write a review days after upgrading to a Windows phone, but needed time to go by so I could work the "bugs" out, figuring out what does and doesn't work for me.I'm a blogger and write Keep the Tail Wagging.  The reason I upgraded to a Window's phone was that I thought it would be better than my Blackberry for blogging and it has been fantastic.Pros...1.  I love the size; it's been so long since I've had a "big" phone that it was weird at first.  It felt like I was putting a tablet near my ear (an exaggeration), but I love it.2.  I love being able to tether wirelessly for internet.  I didn't think I would need the Internet Sharing, but I've used it when I had my notebook and Kindle Fire with me.3.  The app store is great.  I have access to so many cool, free apps.  They're easy to check out, read reviews, and download.4.  Windows isn't always updating it; I've never had to power down to reboot and when I do update/back up, it's a matter of plugging it into my computer.5.  Nice camera (see more below) although it did take some getting used to, love that I can easily take a self-portrait and quickly upload it to Facebook, and I love the video function.6.  I like that I can scroll through all of my social networking updates.Cons...1.  Being a smart phone, the battery life blows.  It gets better when you turn off a lot of background apps and it gets better when the newness wears off.  This phone was barely out of my hand the first couple of weeks.  Now I only have to charge 1x a day unless I'm doing a lot of social networking, then it's 2x.2.  About the camera; I can't upload to Twitter or other social networking sites, which is a bummer.  This may be something I'm doing wrong, but it doesn't work.  This is a big one - I can't upload to my Facebook page from my phone.  That is a bummer!3.  The visual voice mail only worked for about a month and then it stopped.  The store tried to get it started again, but it didn't work.  I didn't really use it, so no worries.4.  The Facebook sometimes doesn't work well - if someone comments on your status update, I sometimes have to go through the app to see it.  The Facebook page can't be linked to my phone.5.  I have the worst time texting someone for the first time.  I cannot figure out how to simply do this - there's no "message this person" option under people's names, only calling.All in all, I love my phone and I'm happy with the investment.  It was completely worth it and I get a lot of work done just with my phone.  Of course I'd like more, but who wouldn't?

First, the craftsmanship of this phone is fantastic.  Feels amazing in the hand.  I find it hard to adequately describe in words how much better this phone feels in the hand than others I've used.Second, the new Windows Phone interface is intuitive and easy to use.  Love the concept of tiles that are alive with data so I don't always have to open an app to know what's going on.  The way my photos, notes, documents are just always with me on phone and my laptop (or any PC via cloud) is great. The automatic syncing to cloud for photos and docs works well, and is very convenient.  I signed up for "Zune Pass", so I can stream any song over the air without an additional fee.  This, combined with hassle-free Bluetooth connection to my car makes it very easy to stream basically any song over the air through my car stereo.Third, different in a very good way.  I like that it's blue (excuse me, "cyan") - really nice color. The screen is really, really gorgeous.  Blacks are deep black.  Screen is bright, but colors stay very saturated.  The tiles on the start screen give the phone a very distinctive look, too.  In fact, the OS and many of the apps tend are quite beautifully done.  Between the hardware and the OS, the phone really stands out. I would say that the idea of using an icon based phone -- even a very good one -- seems sort of like stepping back in time now... they just feel sort of "dated" in comparison.Not everything is perfect with this phone.  For one thing, a higher resolution screen would be nice to have.  That being said, the screen is still one of my favorite things about the phone (as I described) above. The camera is good, but not as good as I thought it would be.Some folks might wonder about the apps -- and if they apps they want are available.  So far, I've been able to find an app I like for all my needs.  There are about 80,000 apps for Windows Phone now.  Not bad.  While this is not as many as are available on other platforms, I think for most people app selection on Windows Phone is not truly an issue.  I think the reality is that the app universe has an extremely "long tail."  What I mean is, most of the mobile phone apps (on any platform) have very few people using them.  The apps that most people use most often are generally available on all the platforms.Basically, I love my Nokia Lumia 900.

I love the cyan Nokia Lumia 900. I have all colors and yes the cyan stands out the most. I purchased 5 Lumias for my family plan and I can not tell you how pleasant it is to use. Having a phone that doesn't crash on me every other hour is so important to me. I love the live tiles and Nokia specialty apps including Nokia Drive with its offline directions(don't have to use my data yayyyy!!!). If you are a first time smartphone owner or looking for something different, the Nokia Lumia 900 is the way to go!

Coming from an HTC Trophy, I knew what to expect from the Windows Phone OS -- a solid, capable operating system that filled my needs and seldom ever slowed me down (which was a significant improvement coming from Android!).What I wasn't expecting is how much better Windows Phone 7.5 looks and feels on top-of-the line hardware. The Lumia's screen is super crisp and bright, bringing new life to Windows' tiles. The deep blacks meet your main screen tiles feel like they're almost floating in ear, and provided a more dramatic feel to the OS.The body of the device is something special too. I opted for the Cyan version because I'm bored with the cookie-cutter black or white options of most phones. The cyan has a futuristic feel about it, allowing the Lumia 900 to stand out as something different.Highly recommend for both look and feel.

this phone is great!  very simple to use and I am just getting started with learning all of the things I can do.  I was warned that I will never go back to the blackberry and that is the truth.  I just had my tech guy at work in my office to sinc my work outlook and it took him 90 seconds.  I was embarassed I didn't just do it myself.  No complaints so far.  Camera is sharp.  Tiles are simple to use and it has everything I need.  Very cool, good job Nokia and Windows, I am a fan!

Having had iOS and Android devices, this phone is amazing, even compared against the top tier incumbents.  Gorgeous, easy to use, feature packed and smooth as butter, email, text and social networking is head and shoulders better on the Lumia than any other device.  The only phone that compares in refinement is the iPhone 4S and at 2X to 4X the price of the Lumia, there just isn't any reason to own a different device unless you are a fanboi or really, really need a specific app only supported on another platform.The screen is crisp, bright and beautiful.  The OS is every bit as smooth as a dual core iPhone and even the quad core ICS Android devices can't match this phone in terms of smoothness.  HTML 5 performance in the browser is crazy fast, again outpacing even quad core Android devices.  This phone would be good at a premium price, but being able to get this premium phone at an entry level price, there's almost no compelling reason to buy anything else.As a side note, I have never had more people ask me "what kind of phone is that?" than with the Lumia.  This weekend alone, I was stopped several times.  Not only is this a great phone, it is great to be seen with, too.

Ok so as a mobile developer who spends at least 10 hours a week on each of the major platforms (iPhone, Android, WP7, BB). The Lumia is an amazingly great phone.. I waited in line for the first iPhone (and the 3g, and I have a 4s now).. I've also been using WP7 devices since Day 1. And -because ya I am a Mobile Dev- an Android phone is always in my bag with me too...All that being said, and with the ability to choose any phone I want as my daily "personal" device the Lumia 900 is going to be it for quite a while.. You will really enjoy screen because it is wonderful, the feel in the hand is solid (much higher build quality and feel then the Focus).  LTE great ( I live in Austin so its everywhere here ).  This device deserves the multiple 5 star ratings that others on are giving it..If you give WP7 5 days as your primary phone and you don't love it I would be utterly shocked..Great PhoneGreat Operating SystemGreat BuildBeautiful ScreenLTE super fast internetCan be a WiFi Hot Spot with the right AT&T; data plan.need I say more :-)

Finally I can use true MS Office on my phone. I never even use my Ipad anymore. No more half a** apps trying to run my spreadsheets. This phone is sleek and smooth. Operation is also great. One great thing that the Windows phones have is that apps all have a trial period so you don't have to pay until you try it. I have had most of the major phones and this is by far the best.

From the design to the user interface, this phone does not disappoint. The OS runs incredibly smoothly and the hardware is incredible, especially for the price!

I preordered my Cyan Lumia 900 and received it 4/6/2011. I had over 100 apps on my previous phone and they all were available in the Marketplace for Windows Phone. That, in and of itself is just incredible! Super easy to use and lightning fast. The camera is also awesome and their are some truly wonderful camera apps in the Marketplace. And I have had zero connection issues also. I think if you follow ATT&T's detailed Getting Started instructions yhou will not have any problems either.

I can't think of any better smartphone in the market with a price below 100$. This is a great deal and if one thing I learned from my experience with android is the fact that specs means nothing. This phone is fast, fluid OS, solid and reliable. And yes it may not get all WP8 features but who cares, as long as this phone will get support from both Microsoft and Nokia. It's a great deal today, and I mean today.

Hands down the fastest phone I have had. I had the Droid X before this phone and it was slow in comparison. The WP platform lets you task-switch much more quickly and easily than on android. Absolutely love it, welcome back Nokia.

The GPS system on lumia 900 is the best, and way better than those available on IOS.Love this since the first day I purchased.The only downside is it's a bit hard to get a car mount which can holds this device. Hope Nokia can make more accessories and have them available in the States soon.

This is such a well-built device. The Windows Phone OS is so far ahead and what the other manufacturers are supplying in terms of usability and user experience. All that was needed was a solid piece of hardware, and that's exactly what the Lumia 900 delivers.

There are a number of long reviews already available on this phone, so I'll just call out the highlights that I particularly enjoy about my Lumia 900:Fast: The 4G wireless is consistently fast nearly everywhere I go. The OS itself is very fluid, and I love the live tiles on the home screen.Looks great: I picked the Cyan version, and it really stands out from all my friend's generic black phones.  The phone feels very solid and just looks great.The Nokia apps are great: (they really should make them available at a fee for non-Nokia owners).Great battery life: Unlike my original Samsung Focus, this phone has great battery life. At the end of the day, I still usually have half the battery left (even with pretty regular use)The price: is crazy. I ended up buying the phone before I was eligible for an upgrade because it was priced so low.I love my Lumia!

Received this phone on Monday and it is awesome. OS is fluid and the battery life is great. Not to mention the Cyan color looks great. Very happy with it so far. Love that Viber is now available.

Ive been a Windows Phone user since the very beginning but this phone tops all, it feels so good in your hand, the weight is just right, the material is just the right tackiness that you dont feel like at any turn you are going to drop it!I will own Windows Phones as long as they make them, but so far this is by far my favorite!  Thank you Microsoft and Nokia!

Which in my opinion makes it the best smart phone available. Beautiful screen, crisp response, good call quality. I've been carrying it in my pants pocket most of the time and so far the screen shows no signs of wear (no screen protector).Find a store that has one available and play with it, if you haven't already. UI wise it blows Apple and Android away, again, personal opinion.

This is a solid piece of hardware!  The Nokia Lumia 900 looks great, feels great, and functions great!  There is an issue with data on some handsets (mine included), but Nokia has already identified the problem, given us a roadmap for fixing it, and have promised a $100 rebate for the inconvenience.The Windows Phone 7 Operating system shines on the Lumia 900

First off the phone is just such a unique and wonderfully engineered phone. Love it curves at the corners out of the solid polycarbonite body. The camera is outstanding with the Carl Ziess lens. The screen is very easy to use outdoors even in bright light and has great colors that are vibrant but not over done. The only thing that takes a little getting use to is the placement of the power button on the side with the volumn control and the camera button. The natural thought is that it would be on the top but it seems that Nokia was thinking that it would make it easier to handle with one hand. The sound quality of the phone calls are crisp and clear which all my contacts have told me they could understand me very easy. In fact they told me I sounded just a bit on the loud side so I have actually tried to tone it down a bit. I haven't had any troubles with a conectivity bug but some folks have reported some problems connecting to the AT&T network. To Nokia's credit they have quickly admitted a flaw with the firmware and have offered everyone that purchased before April 22 a $100.00 dollar credit towards there AT&T bill. I just installed the new firmware on the phone which came out only five days after the official release. I think this is a very honest and fair offer when compared to Apple's response the the antennea problems with the Iphone 4. I really love the Windows Phone OS and find it offers a very easy and comprohensive experience. I had read some reviews that say that the system lacks apps, but with over 80,000 currently available I havnen't found a situation that I could find an app for a particular need. All in all this is the coolest and best phone I have had to date.

First of all, I just adore the cyan color on the phone!! If you want to have more "colors", the Gel cases sold at AT&T; stores are great to "mask" it as they feel very well, but I use mine without anything.The cellphone is bigger compared to the iPhone, but it's still in a good size. The screen size is perfect for me - I love between 4.0 and 4.3 in. The weight is average, but the quality of the hardware is excellent, so I'm fine having a couple more oz. if it does feel better in my hands.Battery life is great, without heavy usage it lasts almost 2 days. On heavy usage days (lots of e-mail checking, reading news, occassional games/apps), it lasts the whole day, ready to be charged at night. But I haven't had any issues with it being drained before I get home.Windows Phone 7.5 OS is really cool, but it's different from the iPhone, so you'll have to get used to it - which is not a hard task.For the slim price of $100, it's definitely worth a try. You'll most likely fall in love with this! And your wallet will love you too :D

Phone setup was a breeze. Connecting to my office exchange server, gmail and yahoo mails ( and it's free) was again the same. The interface is amazing . The voice quality is amazing, felt like I am on a land line, just amazing. Am an instant fan.

If calls is what you miss most in your iPhone then this is the phone you need to have.Remember the presentation Jobs gave about how all smart phones loose signals when held at certain position, well Nokia has done something which the biggest company in world couldn't do.  This is the one smartphone which is also a great phone, apart from everything which a smartphone does, this is a great phone too.

Nokia has always made great phones (as in hardware). What they have been lacking was the software. Their UI has always been clunky and borderline unusable. Windows Phone fills that gap. The metro interface is very productive and super clean.Pros - Plastic (in a good sense - it's lighter and feels easier to hold), Screen, Camera, Build quality, Windows PhoneCons - Windows Phone has some of the most beautifully designed apps but unfortunately some of the popular apps are not yet committing to the platform. So if you have a particular preference for an app make sure to check you have what you want before buying it. (As such the apps I need are all there and I'm pretty satisfied).

Ordered the Lumia 900 from the AT&T; website to replace my Focus S.  (I got the Focus S to replace my orginal Zune when it died, I had been using an Iphone for my phone.  (Iphone4, previously Iphone 3g)The Lumia 900 is sex in hand.  The build quality and feel in the hand is amazing.  Like a solid chunk of sheer awesomeness chiseled into phone form.  The Windows Phone OS is fantastic, it's different from iOS and Android, but in almost every way better. It feels like It's designed to "do" stuff, not just launch apps.  And the most common stuff I do I don't need an "app" to do it's just built in and does it well.

I've always been a longtime fan of Nokia.  They have such beautiful phones and hardware.  Prior to getting this phone I was using an iphone 4.  The iphone 4 is a great phone, but I still prefer the hardware from Nokia.  The screen is bigger which helps with not straining my eyes and the Windows phone OS is actually very snappy and faster than the iphone.  Only thing is it would be nice to have more apps on the Windows phone, but that's okay because they have Yelp, Opentable, and all the main ones that I like to use.  Overall, it's a great phone with nice looking hardware.  (got it in blue and the color really pops :D)

I've owned a WP7 since the OS came out in 2010, I've owned the orignal Samsung Focus, The Samsung Focus S and now the Nokia Lumia 900.I can say without a shadow of a doubt, this is the best phone I've ever owned. I've always thought that all WP7 ever needed to take off was a sexy device...And boy did Nokia deliver, I bought the Cyan colored 900 & let me tell you this phone stops people in their tracks...literally... This past weekend I was sightseeing in a local town, and no less then 10 people stopped me asked and asked which phone I was using.The GoodCrazy high quality polycarbonate body,for being made of plastic... The Lumia feels rock solid.AMAZING screen...Seriously, Pictures dont do the AMOLED CBD screen no justice. Best black levels, period.Great antenna performance, This should be a given on every phone but alas.. its notGreat Battery Life on HSPA+...My area doesn't have LTE yet so I can't test it out under that yetMiddle of the RoadThe Physical buttons for Camera, Power and Volume are a little shallow for my taste and a little slipperyThe camera....Oh Nokia, if your going to put a designer lens on your phone.. Please make sure the firmware is ready to go at launch. I've done some pretty extensive tests on the camera... Most of its problems have to do with Focus and White balance.. Heres the thing, When you are taking pics outside while the sun is out... The Pictures are AMAZING and I mean high end point and shoot amazing. However, take it indoors under artificial lighting and it all goes downhill. The camera really can't decide what it wants to do with white balance and focus..Its like a 50/50 chance of getting both right. I've found that if you take a moment and fiddle with the settings you can get a decent picture inside, However I dobut anyone will spend the time to get it right. I firmly believe that Nokia will fix both with a future firmware update (Fingers crossed)App MarketplaceNot someting I can really coment on.. I don't use a whole lot of apps.. WP7 has most of things I use everyday built in soo...Nokia has created a super nice device that allows WP7 to shine. Once they get the Camera handled the phone will be epic. Untill then its only "Good".. Which in my book means its worth it for you to at least try it and see if you like it.

Well, I have been waiting for this phone for several months now.  Holding it in my hand has made the wait worthwhile.I have been using Mango OS on my Lumia 710 and my samsung focus before that.  So i do like the OS.  As far as number of apps in MS vs Apple vs Android, well, i only use the top 8 apps, which are readily found with msft.Love my new cyan Lumia 900

Great phone... the quality is Amazing. its super sturdy and super responsive.the Nokia ESPN app ROCKS!!! I have the NBA hub pinned :)The camera is not as good as the one I had on my Titan but its good.Reception is far greater than with the Original Titan...It's LTE :)To be Honest... I couldn't make up my mind weather to get the Lumia (Cyan) or the TITAN II... I wish we could transplant the TITAN's Camera into the Lumia. but i'm happy with my purchase :)

I went back to Android...I just cannot live in the canned world of Windows Phone, with no customization and being forced to use Microsoft products (Zune, Bing ect..). If you must buy a Windows phone though, this is by far the best one.

There are no one, two, or three star reviews....enough said!!!  This is a great phone for anyone that is looking for a elegant OS, eye catching design, and superior build quality.  The phone is made in Korea and not China, which I think helps validate the quality of the phone.

There are many great points to this phone, really, it's the best phone I've ever picked up. There are also places in which to improve on, as on any phone.The Lumia 900 is the most beautiful phone I've had the opportunities to lay my eyes on. The pictures don't do it justice and you really need to hold this in your hands to truly appreciate it. Anyone complaining about thinness is kidding themselves and trying to complain about something. The 11.5 mm thickness is just fine and feels thinner than it is.I'm sick of people complaining about the display. The display is absolutely beautiful, and is fully functional outside, something I can't say about any other phone. The resolution is fine. Yes, it would be fantastic if 720p, but not a deal breaker, or even close to it. It looks beautiful and is fully readable. Stop saying it's awful, because it's not.The cameras are where Nokia can improve, even possibly through software update. It takes fantastic pictures in well-lit areas (as well as the 4s in my opinion), but subpar in low light. I'm also sick of people saying the video recording is awful, because it isn't. 1080p is nice, but 720p is just fine, again it is not a deal breaker.Reception is fantastic, have not had problems where I've seen others have problems (iPhone users). Call quality is great. The speaker in my opinion is very loud, I keep it at the lowest setting most of the time, and my hearing is not great.Performance is fantastic on this device. So much faster than the original Focus I've had and every Android smartphone I've seen my friends with.Software, of course, is fantastic as well. I love Windows Phone. It is the best smartphone OS out there. There are of course areas in which it can improve, but that's true of all platforms. Even at the current point in time, it beats out iOS, and definitely beats out Android (and yes, I've used 4.0).Battery life is relatively great. The battery doesn't just disappear while not even using it like it does on Android. It easily gets me through a whole day, and I live in an LTE area. This is what I would say is medium-heavy use though. I'm sure if I was using it heavily, it would be on the edge of getting me through a whole day's use.I'm also sick of the way people talk about the ecosystem (not enough room to explain). Yes, it is lagging behind, that's obvious given it didn't arrive until 2 years after the others. There are some applications that I wish it had, but nothing deal-breaking. There are alternatives to a lot of thing, which is nice. I wish there were more official apps, but that's it. The OS has built-in my most important features and uses that make it far more efficient than the other platforms.

I've purchased the black Lumia 900 and have been using it for weeks.I am extremely amazed with the rich features and fluid navigation:1. Deep social media integration making it extremely easy to share status.2. Full email support for Exchange server and live tiles notifications.3. Live tiles on the main screen provides instant status updates.4. The phone is 100% stable and never crashes.  My iPhone and Droids are constantly being rebooted.5. Great music and video integration with Zune software and Marketplace.6. For less than $15 a month, you can subscribe to Zune and download unlimited music to listen to.  The subscription will also let you keep 10 songs per month.7. When taking pictures, it automatically uploads to the cloud (SkyDrive).  You can easily share documents and photos and store them on SkyDrive, accessible via desktop or the web.  No need to plug into the computer.8. Power efficient and the battery last all day.9. The Clear Black Display with AMOLED gives bright colors and easily readable under bright light situations.Over all, a wonderful phone.  :^)

This would be a great phone if this was 2006.In 2012 it's a decent phone. The color is fun but the app support is weak. Solid screen but it's a little too big for a phone. There's a ton was "wasted" space around the screen.I rather have my iPhone3s.

Starting with the first generation Samsung, I felt the OS was designed based on how a phone fits into my lifestyle.  Instead of independent applications, the hubs let me focus on people.  If I want to share a picture, I focus on the picture, then where I want to share is just a part of viewing the picture.  Likewise with people.After four days with my Nokia Lumia, I feel like the hardware is as elegant as the OS.  Yes - I got hit with the data connection bug today.  Yes - it was annoying.  But the Nokia response was impressive and quick.  And it doesn't take away from the excellent experience I've enjoyed.I also want to encourage people to consider the Zune pass.  It is a hidden gem that Microsoft hasn't advertised much at all.  The integration with the phone is fantastic.  It's allowed me to expand my range of music and I *love* the ability to download and play music offline.  I just cancelled XM Radio today because I can get music, video, and podcasts on my phone for less per month.I'm off this afternoon is search of one for my wife...I'm definately a WP fanboy now.

Easily the best phone I've owned, due in equal measure to the operating system and the phone itself.  Nokia and Microsoft have done their homework and have created a mighty impressive product.  The operating system is so smooth, effortlessly intuitive and great looking, that it leaves Android and iPhone in the dust.I was initially concerned about the lack of support for multi-core processors, but for whatever reason(s), this is simply not an issue with this phone and operating system.  I have experienced zero hesitation no matter what apps I'm running and no matter what I am doing with the phone.  This baby runs as smooth as silk.  I was also concerned about the relative lack of apps, but 95% of apps are derivative and/or useless anyway.  All of the apps I used previously have been available (or an equivalent app), with the exception of Chase and United Airlines.  Their mobile web sites will do just fine for now.As for entertainment, the Zune music, video and game experience is head and shoulders above Google's Play store (or whatever they're calling it now) and iTunes.  The interface is slick and intuitive.  The Zune marketplace has everything I've searched for and wanted to purchase.In short, do not be afraid to make the switch to this phone.  I was a bit hesitant and now I couldn't be happier that I made the leap of faith.  I've rarely been so impressed with a purchase.  Kudos to Microsoft and Nokia for an awesome product.

bought a black and a cyan.perfect integration with Outlook exchange server. the scheduled calendar appointments from work and all other work realted stuff got automatically pushed over.World wide turn by turn nav/drive direction. We can download any international city map for this free service, great for international travel. Then you can just delete the map to release the space or to reload for map updating.Bing visual search, aim at a foreign language sign, then immediately English translation show up.Native remote desk top connection apps to any PC and windows servers. great for any IT person or .Net server programmer to work on windows web server (which hold the biggest enterprise web server market) on the go.

Best looking phone, this blow my iphone 4 away. Its new and its different. Dont worry about your apps, they are either available or will be available soon

We've got 2 amazing looking phones yesterday. You won't be disappointed by this phone! Awesome OS, awesome finish, awesome screen, awesome size, unbeatable price! Business use - no problem! Saves so much time! Facebook heavy user? Welcome! Keeps all your contacts safe and well organized. Realy enjoing!BRAVO Microsoft! KUDOS to Nokia!

First of all buyers should be aware of the data bug issue.. Nokia fixed this on April 16th so if your device came with an older version, you have to use Zune to update the firmware.. This process will take 20 minutes and you have just to click next and wait.I do not want to mention the great things this device offer, everyone know that the built quality, call quality, design , ...etc is A++++, so I just want to mention the things that i did not like:+ I wish there is an LED indicator that will tell you if you have a notification like a text message, email ...etc while the screen is off.+ The Micro USB Charger is on the top!!! really!! this mean if you have micro USB charger cradle you have to flip the phone upside down :)Overall I think this phone is a great great device and I think WP7 is the most usable and informative OS you can use.. Android is buggy and memory/power monster and iOS is pretty much useless in the home screen.And for the Apps I know that WP7 has only 70K now but for an adult it already has my main apps from Banking, credit cards, news, social networking ..etc so i do not care if they do not have angry birds space..And for all WP7 haters,,I had HTC Evo since launch and I bought my ipad over a year now, so i used both OS before trying WP7.

By far the best built phone I've held in my hand.  This includes numerous Blackberries, WebOS devices, iPhone 3GS/4/4S, 3 Android devices & a few Windows Phones.-Probably the best quality hardware design I've seen yet on any mobile device.-Battery life is good.  Lasts all day for all but the heaviest of users (used from 7am to Midnight on first day with juice left)-Buttons I wasn't sure about at first, but after using for a day the placement felt right.  Feel solid as well.-Speaker & call quality are both very good.-Camera isn't the best out there, but is good.  Well above average and more than enough for most people's needs.-HSPA+, WiFi are both excellent (no LTE yet in Seattle, so can't vouge)-LTE radio for very fast data connection-Front Facing Camera is very good for its use, and has clear video for calling.-Nokia services / apps = very good.  Transit & Drive are a godsend, and Creative Studio is very fun and well written.-Screen quality is amazing.  Color rendition and depth of black colors are very good.  Reflects much less in the sun than other phones (good for daylight viewing).-Microsofts surprisingly good "Windows Phone" Operating System which has won numerous awards, and the hearts of fans & tech bloggers alike.Add this all together for a phone they are only selling for $99.99 on contract (or lower depending on where you buy/sales going on) and you have a champion phone.  Do yourselves a favor and don't assume its an iPhone or settling for something else.  This platform is more fluid and stable than iOS, it has a fresh new interface design that is fresh, and almost universally heralded for its new design elements and presentation of information.  Its satisfaction rating among users is extremely high on carrier sites & amazon alike.  This is because its good!

I got this phone two days ago and i can't keep my hands off from it. I had my doubts on getting this phone; especially, because i had to pay the full price. I had the Iphone 4S, but I got bored of IOS, screen size and data speed, 5 years now from first iphone and IOS is the same. I had the Unlocked Samsung Galaxy SII, excellent phone , but after a while I got bored as well. I got the ATT Galaxy Note, its size was uncomfortable. each time when i pulled it from my pockets, i had to be very careful of not dropping it. OS and stylus are not the best. I got the unlocked the galaxy nexus and i was really happy with this phone. but when i heard that Nokia was planning to release this phone in USA.  I wanted to try it out. To be honest, I did not put the flag too high for this phone, and since I tend to switch phone often, I thought I would be returning this phone the next day. But now, I really like this phone.I think that Nokia and Microsoft are on the right direction. It is the perfect combination. it has, of course, its down side like any other phone or is the iphone a perfect phone? No at all!  I really  recommend this phone. it feels right on your hands, screen is beautiful, LTE speed is fast, no lagging. and App store is decent, and growing. I do not miss any app from iphone or android.

Just received the Nokia Lumia 900.  Thankyou to iPhone and Android for forcing Microsoft to improve again.  The phone is a little big and a little heavy but works great.  I had no trouble activating on AT&T and getting things customized to my taste.  The metro style start page is easy to use with the touch screen.  Ok, the graphics are not the best but work fine for me, it only has 16 GB of memory but I don't watch movies on my phone.  Here is the real joy of Windows Phone 7.5 - it has Microsoft Office built in.  No more $10 add-on apps that don't work as well as the real thing.  It includes Word, Excel, Powerpoint, and OneNote.  It synced with my SkyDrive in less than 1 hour and everything works.  My phone can be used as my office.  I just have one recommendation - think folders to shorten the start page and app list (apple did).

I've had the Cyan Lumia 900 now for about 3 weeks, and love it.I switched from a Samsung Focus and see a huge difference in these areas:- 4G LTE speed is so much faster for every day web browsing, downloading music, apps, etc.  Dont be fooled the the iPhone 4S is 4G- it is HPSA+, not LTE, which is only slightly faster than 3G- faster processor.  I didnt think this would make a difference, but from an every day use prespective, I love the faster processor- apps exclusive to Nokia on Windows Phone.  Nokia is making a lot of investment in the apps, and there are several that are exclusive only to Nokia phones (ESPN, CNN, and also Nokia ones like Nokia Drive, which is a great turn by turn GPS app).  I read an online article recently that there is more to come from Nokia's investments.- bright screen outdoors.  Nokia has done a great job on the screen technology.  it is bright enough to view outdoors without shading the screen with my hand.  I use it for golf GPS and I could barely see my Samsung outside in the bright sun.- 4.3 in screen.  I loved the feel and size of my Focus and thought the Lumia 900 might be too large, but I've found I love the larger screen, which makes using apps, web browshing, reading email, typing, etc. all that better- battery life: last a full day on a charge with heavy 4G, talk, and GPS use.  Lasts from the time i take if off the charger at 6:45 AM and through my kids' ball games at night until I get home.

Just love my new phone. Granted, it took me a day or so to get used to the design and simplicity and I still love my Samsung Galaxy, but this is a new era in mobile OS development and I am seriously digging the flagship product. I ditched Nokia years ago when they all but disappeard from the US market. After having several unlocked Nokia phones, I finally moved onto Android as soon as I could and left Symbian behind, never to look at it again (Nokia 3630, N75, N80,N85 and N75). I thought i'd never be able to enjoy another piece of fine "phonemanship" and boy was I wrong :-) But enough about my new phone. If you are in the market for a new phone or due for an upgrade, check it out. It's worth it. So far i am missinga single app (SMS backup and restore) but I think the vendors are already looking into it.

Great software coupled with beautiful Nokia hardware. The People app and the live tiles help me quickly see what's up with family and friends. I'm looking forward to having the same UI on a tablet with Windows 8.

At first I was very cautious about going over the Windows phone environment, but not at all disappointed, even after being with practically every iPhone since 2007.  This phone is definietely helping with the process, it's smooth, responsive, and even though the screen is not ultra high resolution, I can't seem to find any one place where I miss retina display.  Don't get me wrong, Apple's technology is top notch, I just don't think I'll miss it from now on since the Lumia so far has done everything beautifully with a lower resolution.  Besides that, many people seem to bring out the lack of more apps, but the apps I use are there and the phone handles them beautifully.  I am really impressed with the phone, the color (Cyan), and the operating system.

Coming from Android samsung Galaxy(which is a really nice phone) i found this phone to be  so refreshing..I had played with a windows phone before and for some reason the windows apps and the whole screen looks so good..maybe it's the OS..It's snappy ..forget the dual core...the screen is so beautiful..forget the low resolution..I was waiting for Galaxy S3 but wanted to give this phone a try and I don't think I am going back to android now..or iOS which is even more boring than android.

I have had Nokia in the past and loved the phone. They are known to be very durable and to withstand almost anything. My old Nokia has been dropped in a lake, off the top of a helicopter, and many other physical issues with NO HARM! They were amazing.This Nokia was recently in my purse, after only two weeks, and the glass screen busted. As in spider web with little glass shards breaking off into my fingers or ear. It has not been dropped. It was in the pocket on my purse, during work when maybe something bumped it or something. I've never had this happen! I had the Samsung Focus before for 18 months and never had this issue. I should have stuck with a phone that has Gorilla glass as they seem to be the most durable.The operating system is awesome. I loved my Samsung Windows phone and this was defiantly an upgrade for Windows. Loved it and is easy to use. Too bad that the phone isn't what I would expect from Nokia.Advise... Make sure you intend to be easy with this phone. It doesn't seem as though it can take what other phones can and have in the past.I'll admitt, I'm rough on the things I buy, but I also expect them to take and live up to the name they have. I expected more out of Nokia on this phone than to only maybe take a small bump or lay wrong in the purse or maybe get some too warm... who knows?!

the color is great, so is the body shape. it fast and easy to use, it will be a perfect smart phone if it has windows 8.

After reading all the good reviews on Amazon, I decided to get myself a Lumia 900. The 900 is an excellent phone for its price. However, in my opinion it is not worth signing a two year contract for. Especially now that Windows Phone 8 is just around the corner and has tons of new features that will not be on this phone.Hardware review:It is a clean, good feeling phone. It is a big sluggish initializing apps but the specs are pretty low. The lack of removable storage is disappointing as is the battery life. The camera is much better than many other smartphone cameras that I have used. It takes decent photos, however if I was going on a vacation I would still pack my canon point-and-shoot. The three buttons are conveniently located on the bottom but do not illuminate so you might have to poke around if using the phone in the dark. Without the OS, I give the phone itself 3-stars.Software review:Windows Phone 7 (WP7)looks beautiful and I was eagerly anticipating getting a WP7 device. However, after using it for two months I am disappointed. First, many of the apps that I grew to love and use on my Android device are not in the MS marketplace. Although MS boasts about a continuously growing number of apps, they are most likely games or calculator apps. Some of the apps that they do have from major companies such as Yelp or Google are really crappy. The eBay one is pretty good but has a few issues such as not providing notifications for when a seller receives a question. I understand that this is not MS' fault, but for some reason companies are putting all of their best app developers on iOS and Android.WP7 lacks basic features that should be mandatory for smartphone devices. For example, you cannot load your own custom alarm or notifications. Just recently MS released an update that now allows the adding of custom ringtones. Another annoyance is the volume control. You cannot set the volume individually for calls and ringers. They have a one volume fits all approach. So if you are in a quiet place and want a low ringer, than you will have a really low call volume. Which means you have to increase the volume during your call and then decrease it after. The navigation is almost useless since there are no filters and it tends to take you the longer way (assuming it gets it right). There are other little annoyances but I am going to summarize this part by giving my recommendation of not buying a WP7 device and waiting for WP8. I give the software 0 stars.Bottom LineWait for WP8 or get yourself an Android or iOS device.

The Nokia Lumia 900 is my first Windows phone.  I have used Android and Blackberry in the past.  The phone cost a penny when I purchased it with a new contract.  So far, other than some connectivity issues, it has been well worth the price.  I enjoy the tile layout, and really enjoy the Xbox Smartglass app.  This is not the newest, shiniest, or most powerful phone on the market, but it is well worth a price tag under $50.00.  The Windows Marketplace isn't as expansive as iTunes, or the Android Market.  The battery life is pretty long if it is not under heavy use.  The touchscreen can be a little under responsive at times.  I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for a smartphone on a budget, or just getting into the wide world of smartphone OS's.  The Windows OS on this phone is fast, compared to the Androids I've had in the past.  This being my first Windows phone I was worried I would have a hard time figuring it out.  I really enjoy the Windows tiles, and the overall layout of the phone and apps.  The basics are very easy to figure out, there are still a lot of features that I haven't learned yet.  If you have the money, the newer model would probably be a better choice.  All in all a great phone at a great price.

All I can say is this is truly the only phone that has covered all its bases in terms of having close to no shortfalls. It's easy to fall to cliche and say that it is better than the iPhone, but it TRULY is better than the iPhone in my opinion. Despite being a locked AT&T; phone, there is extreme elasticity in terms of being able to personalize the device. From endless free apps, to absolutely seamless xbox live/facebook/twitter/email integration, this phone has surpassed all expectations. To boot, the phone was $50!(And before the 21st of April there is a rebate for $50 to $100 on top of that!The hardware is absolutely magnificent, feeling like the $500 phone that it really is(unlocked) and feeling like the supreme quality that has become associated with Nokia over the years.Furthermore, there are things like Nokia maps, Nokia drive, and Nokia transit that will give you voice directions on how to get places by car, public transportation or just plain maps(FREE).The voice recognition software is by far the best that I have ever used in my experiences. Not only did it understand me, but it understood my heavily-accented dad's accent! You can even send a message by only having to press one button. With it, you can also search the internet, call a contact, open an app, etc. -Far better speech recognition than Siri-The three dedicated buttons are absolutely fantastic and crucial. One takes you back one screen, one takes you to the home screen, and one takes you straight to searching for whatever you want!The speed of this phone is insane, particularly with the 4G LTE feature which truly is faster. Between screens, opening apps, etc.l, this phone is enormously fast.Overall, the integration that this phone has, between apps and websites truly pushes far above any phone on the market today!I LOVE MY PHONE!

The Nokia Lumia 900 is my first Windows phone. Previously I have tried numerous Android phones like the Galaxy S2 as well as an Iphone 4. I wasn't exactly sure what to expect. This phone got amazing reviews from numerous tech websites, but most people I know have trashed the Windows Phone OS. I decided that they were just haters and Apple fanboys so I decided to give it a try and see for myself.I have not been disappointed at all. I have found the Lumia 900 to be the best performing phone that I have ever known. The OS is quick and responsive, navigation is seamless, and the interface is absolutely beautiful. Die hard Android fans tell me all the time that they prefer choice and want to be able to customize the interface. True Windows OS customization options are limited to color changes but I prefer the much more pleasant Metro style to Androids more customizable interface. The camera is pretty high performance. There are some phones out there with better cameras but for the price of this phone you won't find a better one. The screen is also beautiful. Again, there are phones out there with higher resolutions, but the colors are vibrant, the blacks are very black.Windows OS also has custom made apps like the ESPN app that are much more user friendly and easier on the eye's then their Android and Apple counter parts. The Lumia 900 also has exclusive apps like the native turn by turn navigation that won't use your data plan. I found that to come in handy many times.The only weak point of the phone and the OS in general that I have found is the selection of apps. Windows doesn't have nearly as large an install base as Android and Apple so developers seem to be taking a wait and see approach with the Windows platform. The professionally developed apps that are there are amazing and beautiful and tend to be better than on other platforms. The total amount of professionally developed apps is lacking, however. Most of the apps on the market are made by ametuers and indie developers and it shows in their quality. Hopefully adoption of Windows will accelerate and we will get more professionally developed apps soon.Overall, I highly recommend this phone. Windows OS is smooth and slick. If there are certain apps you have to have check out the Window's market online first to be sure they are available but other than that, this phone is amazing.

I previously used a Sony Experia and a Motorola Bravo, both running Android. I can say that I am very pleased with having switched to this phone. I would have seriously considered waiting for the HTC One X, but the price on this phone could not be beat for comparable phones. I also regularly use my wife's iPhone. I think Windows Phone compares very favorably with iPhone as well. Among other features, the live tiles are very nice and the contacts/facebook integration is fantastic. Overall, I am very pleased with the switch. As to apps, the only app I had to have was Good for my work email. Once that came to Windows Phone, I made the switch. Most other apps I use are available.

I just received the Nokia Lumia 900 in Cyan.  In this review, I'm not going to report on technical stats.  Before this purchase I was using a new Samsung Galaxy S2 phone until it was dropped (4 days after purchase) and the LCD screen cracked, that was also a very nice phone, but not real sturdy.  Since I now had to replace my phone (not too happy) and after weeks of more review and not wanting to spend a bunch more money, I selected the Nokia Lumia 900.  I have used both blackberry, and android operating systems before, but to me Windows OS is by far the best.  The Nokia Lumia 900 with Windows OS is so easy to use. I just put in the Sim Card, charged the phone and it automatically connected with ATT, downloaded all my contact information, sync it with Facebook all while it was charging, that's amazing.  The phone was now ready to go, and I only spent $19.99 for the new phone.  Therefore, if you don't want to spend a bunch of money, and hours  entering contacts etc, you should make the switch to the Nokia Lumia 900 with OS, for the money it's the best phone available and another anti IOS phone.

I've had this phone since April 6, when it was shipped via AT&T; (I didn't buy it from Amazon unfortunately). So far, it has been an incredible upgrade from my previous Windows Phone (HTC Arrive). Breaking it down:Hardware:I got the cyan version, and I definitely like the color of this one. It's an eye grabber, and looks great. The screen is a huge upgrade from my previous windows phone. It has been rated the lowest reflective screen out of any smart phone in the market today. Easy to view in bright sunlight. Clearblack is just as advertised. The larger screen is also an upgrade from my previous phone, and I think it's just right. Anything bigger and I'll be annoyed by how it fits in my pocket, but large enough that videos look awesome and viewable by anyone I'm sharing the screen with. The feel of the device is also top-notch, as the polycarbonate body feels great, and the weight of the battery gives it a sturdy build. Also great, LTE is fast, and the coverage in SF Bay Area has been good. Basically LTE wherever I go. As far as the other internals, pretty much the same as my previous phone given the hardware standards by Microsoft. Regardless, the Windows Phone OS is just as silky smooth given its hardware internals. Camera is good, definitely better than my previous phone, so no complaints. Could be better, but good enough for what it is. Nice to have a front-facing camera for Skype and Tango and any other future app that takes advantage of it.Software OS:Not much new for Windows Phone here between my old device and new device. It's still the same OS that I liked from my previous phone. Smooth, clean UI. Deep social integration without needing to load or download any apps if you don't want to. I have the requisite apps such as facebook and such installed, but for quick updates, the people hub was all I needed. I was able to get my essential things set up in a matter of minutes. Facebook contacts/im, twitter, work exchange email, hotmail/gmail sync, etc. Reinstalling my previously installed apps were more of a pain, but should be solved in next major WP release. Not much else to say here. People say that the app marketplace is not as large yet, but honestly who the hell uses more than maybe 10-20 apps on a regular basis? I don't, so I don't really care. Then again, I have an iPad and a android tablet, so really, I'm not missing much.Nokia Apps:One of the major things between choosing different phone manufacturers for Windows Phone is what apps they provide. I'm definitely not missing much from what HTC offered, as Nokia is offering better and more regularly updated apps. Nokia Drive is awesome for getting somewhere. Only thing they could improve there is better POI database, but works otherwise. Nokia Maps is also an excellent alternative to the fairly good built in Maps. In some cases, it's possibly better. Creative Studio is a nice photo editing app. I love the before after comparison slider. I haven't used Nokia Transit, but it will be great to use if I'm in Europe again.Xbox Live:I'm not going to lie, but since I own an Xbox, it's an added benefit to have Xbox games available on my phone. Achievements! I can also check on when my friends are playing quite easily.Honestly, I can't wait for what Nokia will put out next with the next major Windows Phone release. I'll probably be ready to just pay the premium for it.

My husband and I gave up our iPhones for the new Nokia Lumia 900.  We've been iphone consumers since the 1st generation.  I have to say, this phone exceeded my expectations.  The phone is sturdy and well built.  The screen is huge compared to my iphone and it is lightning fast with the 4G LTE.  I was concerned about the apps, but when I checked, the only apps I am missing is Words with Friends and Instagram.  So, really, I can live without those for a little while until they come to windows phone.  The windows phone operating system is very intuitive as well.  I really like it.  I love the live tiles and the deep integration to my social networks (facebook and twitter).  All in all, I am very happy with this phone and would recommend it to all my friends and family!

This phone is gorgeous.  At first it feels overly large and hefty, but after two hours of using it, you'll never want to go back.  The industrial design is different, the software is gorgeous, it's the perfect marriage of edgy and usable.

This phone does not keep amazing me. The build quality is impeccable. Everything works in harmony with the OS. Nokia has done a great job with this phone, even though they had not much hardware to choose from. Still, Windows Phone does not need anymore at this time. I recommend this phone to anyone, you won't regret it. And to those worried about apps, we already have more than 80,000 available, and growing at more than 300 per day. I am sure soon we will have nothing to worry about when it comes to apps. The rest comes with Windows Phone 8. ;)

Operating System (OS)For those of you have never used Windows Phone 7 (WP7) it's a great and simple OS. (I've taught my 50 y/o mom how to use it.) It has all the capabilities of other OS' without copying their design/structure.Pin to your home screen - You can pin just about anything to your home screen, including contacts. It's a quick easy way to get through your facebook stalking, weather, and news updates.Xbox Live - I enjoy games and giving me gamer points that tie to my console Xbox achievements is nice.Apps - There really are enough apps to satisfy me. And unlike iOS WP7 has built in features like QR code reader, text scanner, and even translation built directly into WP7. So you really find you need less apps.Folders would be nice but I haven't felt that they are as necessary on WP7 like they were needed on my iPhone.Hardware (Nokia)Nokia has done a great job on the build of the Lumia 900, it feels great in your hand, solid, and well laid out. I got the Cyan because I don't want a case and wanted something easy to spot. This is the first smartphone I've bought that I didn't feel needed a case.Screen - The screen clarity in bright light blows away AMOLED screens. In fact it's one of the lowest reflective screens ever tested! [...]It's not a super high resolution but that's a MS requirement. And think about it, how much does HD matter on a 4" device? Get a nice TV if you want to watch the best HD. The screen still offers great quality for Netflix (yes they have the app) and games.The camera is good but could be better. Nokia, please work on your drivers! Once they update this I expect the camera will be fantastic.The 'chrome' plate on the back is stupid. I wish it was matte black because all it does is get scratched. Not that I really care but why make a shinny surface the point of contact for every time you set the phone on a surface?

Ok...well this is my first smartphone, but i do expect all the features to work, regardless of carrier! You cannot tether without the AT&T albatross. No apps will aid in this quest either....and apps are quite sparse. But you can try most if them before you buy, which is super cool. The phone will usually lock up when charging. And to restart after dead battery takes big planning. There is only one way and all other methods will fail. You plug in, and wait at least 8 minutes. Unplug. Restart completely to home screen. Hurry and replug. Other than that, i hate that you can't do much with Facebook comment or photo sharing. But other than those issues, a decent phone. Needs some tweaks and a way to debrand for resale purposes though

Ooooh That hurts... no more wp8 updates wow ..I happy to be back without nokia lumiaNokia Lumia is 900 flagship phone for MS and Nokia but-- > H/W it sucks.-->  Only looks doesn;t do any good if you are real smartphone user You will know value of H/W and Apps.When u talk about a smartphone which is another PC in hand below are few things you expect.I am talking in comparison to top android and Galaxy S2, Iphone , nexus kind of phones bec this is top end phone from nokia and MS.Below are the things apart from good phone call quality (which nokia is good).1. Lot of Apps (apple, android, Nokia/MS)2. Easily manageable. (tiles how many will you keep and do you think that's a only thing in my life is to arrange the tiles with top 10 apps ha ha what a stupid idea. (android, apple, Nokia/MS)3. Open to search engines not bing alone. (apple) (why nokia i have to marry your bing its boring)4. Games. (apple, android)5. Customization of my smartphone this is key. (android) ( had nokia given customization rather than 10s of tiles i would have liked i suppose)(after some time tiles becomes too same and boring unless it more like widget)6. Great camera. (apple) ( Nokia lumia could have done better with 8 Meg camera but i think they have given a substandard hardware and s/w for camera)7. good notification bars. ( android is best followed by apple)8. Easy multi-task and not what OS can do for me.(android is best followed by apple and wp7)9. Multi-language support (all are good)10. It does what its suppose to do. (apple is best)11. Upgrade to newer version. (WP8 for nokia lumia oops) (apple is best)12. Display is critical. ( nokia munia might on higher black side but that doesn;t mean the pixel quality improves and only colors looks good but if you drill down to picture and real sense display then it sucks big time look at iphone and other android phones they have nailed it atleast iphone is the best)Above 10 points lets score nokia lumiawell I will give 2 points.Now its doesn't matter if the phone cost 100$ or 150$ or even free for me i am not buying a phone for another 2 years atleast and will pay 30$ (I am happy as i still have unlimited 30$ iphone data plan which ). So by end of the contract you are paying apart from phone cost 30X24 = 720 bucks in data-plan and that's the point .... do you still want this phone for next 2 years and shell out 720$ .... THINK ABOUT IT..... or you will rather go with iphone or higher end android...Thanks

I received my Cyan Nokia Lumia 900 on Friday morning from AT&T.;  All I can say is WOW.  I upgraded from the WP7 Trophy on the Verizon network to the Lumia.  Verizon obviously doesn't want to support the Windows Phone lineup so I went back to AT&T.;  I was lucky to get the phone for free on the AT&T; promo for new customers.This thing is very fast.  I have had the iPhone, iPhone 3GS, Motorola Droid X, and the HTC Trophy.  This thing blows them all away.The screen is really something to see.  Not only is it incredibly sharp, but outside in direct sunlight it is easy to see.  It's almost strange how easy it is to see this thing outside.Battery life is impressive.  I had the extended 2200 mh battery on my Trophy and this 1800 mh comes very close to that runtime.  A whole day of use is very easy.  Checking emails, FB, twitter, occasional video/music playback, the battery still is 1/4 full at the end of the day.LTE coverage here in Indianapolis is pretty good on AT&T.;  Again, the speed of this device can't be overstated.  It's a single core that runs like a dual core Android.I'm an Apple guy.  2 Macbook pros, an iMac, and an iPad.  But this thing works better than an iPhone.  Believe me.  I've tried em.  I'm not a Microsoft fan but I'm sold on WP7.They should call it something else!  I understand the MS stigma.  My advice-Get over it!  :)  You should at least look at this thing!  Hate to sound like a fanboy but I want this platform to do well so I can keep using it in the future.  I'm selfish!

great camera, great battery life, 100,000 apps, cool color, bright screen, easy to see and read, customizable home screen, alphabetic apps and contacts searching, voice commands, multi tasking, free GPS navigation, custom ringtones, fantastic customer support from Nokia, smooth as butter operating system,16 gigs of on board storage and another 25 gigs in my SkyDrive, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google+, Facebook Chat and messaging groups all at my finger tips, banking, taking pics and uploading them to Facebook, posting to Facebook with my voice, what doesn't this phone do? And the next update will bring more cool features until I'm ready to sell this to someone on Craigs and move up to a Windows Phone 8 and Surface Tablet. Microsoft and Nokia have the best phones on the market for the money and the features hands down.Idiots who "one star" the phones on here are uninformed, don't own the phones or have penis envy.If you have this pone and love it, post a  5 star review so that Nokia can start using these scores in their ads.thanks for listening!

I had to go through hell to get my lumia from ATT. It was well worth the 17 customer service reps (sales) and all the other bs I had to go through. It is an amazing phone. So fast and meets all my needs without lags or issues.

I ditched my iphone when WP7 first debuted and got myself a Samsung Focus.  It was an amazing phone and kicked off my love affair with Windows Phones.  At the time, I ran around shouting, 'look everyone, look how cool this new phone is, look what it can do without relying on a million and one different apps.'  No one cared enough to look up from their iphone.Flash forward to present and I swap out my old focus for my new cyan Nokia 900.  Everytime I pull my 900 out, somebody asks about it.  Friends, coworkers, neighbors...- My 21yo slackjawed assistant: "whoa, cool phone...'- Coroporate Exectutive in the work elevator: "hey, did you now there's a story about your phone in the WSJ today?"- Friend walks up, "what is all that you got there, makin my iphone look all dinky and S#!@"Bottom line, the phone is great, the opporating system is fresh and more modern than iOS, and on top of it all - it's cooler than the iphone.

I recently upgraded from an iPhone to the Lumia 900 and I am blown away. If I had to pick one word to describe this phone, it would be FAST. The interface is speedy. The 4G LTE means that webpages load as fast as they would on a laptop. Connecting to Facebook lets you send Facebook messages through the messaging feature. It does everything my iPhone did, but faster, sleeker, and easier. The phone is also a beautiful unibody design, and the price point can't be beat.

Had the Lumia 900 for a week. I'm really loving it. I orginally looked on the ATT web site but was confused by the data plans, so I went into the store and they told me I could keep my iPhone unlimited data plan with this phone and get the phone for $49.99. Then there was a rebate, so now the phone is essentially free. I took inventory of all the iPhone apps that I use regularly and was surprised to see almost all of them were already available for the Lumia 900.Things I like:* Unlimited data plan at 4G LTE speeds (thanks ATT)* Fast and fluid - everthing just feels snappy and responsive* Gorgeous Screen* Music and Video hub - the zune pass is a great deal with tons of content. Movies look great on this screen.* Call quality - clearer than my old iPhone* Free exclusive Nokia Drive app - really nice turn by turn directions. It works without a data plan if you download maps. Great for foreign countries.* Free exclusive ESPN app - best sports hub I have seen anywhere* Games hub. I like the way all the games are all in one place - great game play too. I don't own an XBox (yet) so haven't tried that integration.* Email integration - much better than iPhone* Full version of MS Office* Easy to set up and use.Things I don't like:* Feels a bit big in your hand, but the screen real estate is worth it* No Pandora app (yet) but I think zune music makes up for it and you can get SpotifyPicked up my old iPhone yesterday for comparison (still works on wifi) and it now feels old and clunky - Weird! I don't miss it at all and have no thoughts of going back. Happy I made the switch -a very positive experience.

This phone is utterly gorgeous; Nokia have created a world-beater, I'm very impressed.  It feels great to hold, very solid and well-made.  The Windows Phone software is brilliant too, just an excellent package.

Have had many WP7 devices, Samsung Focus, HD7s, and Titan.  This Nokia L900 is simply superior product.  Great in the hands, AWESOME screen, free Nokia Drive and the sound is amazing.  All my previous phones, the volume were set at 25 of 30.  On L900 setting at that level is freaking loud..... :)  Great Job Nokia....

My wife loves her new Lumia 900. The color is stunning, the battery life is awesome, the screen is beautiful, and the operating system is snappy and responsive.

I've had an iphone, an android phone and now a windows phone and I wouldn't trade this one in for anything else right now.  The OS is so fluid.  No hiccups, no crashes, no nothing.  Battery life is great even with everything turned on.  Keyboard is great, apps are great, screen is amazing.  Can't say I've found a single flaw yet.  Give it a try and you'll be blown away how well this phone works.  I was a total skeptic about buying anything Windows related but it looks like they finally got something right.

I pre-ordered mine off the AT&T; website and received it two days before it's official launch date, and this is deffinately the best windows phone yet. The design is beautiful, though switching from a Samsung Focus S, which is thinner than the iPhone 4s, it feels a little thick, but I quickly got used to it and realize that it makes the phone feel really well built. The buttons are nice and stiff, so no accidental presses. The screen looks great. The speaker is nice and loud. Calls are clear and much louder than on most phones which is great, that way I can hear clearly even when in noisy environments. The battery lasts a lot, with plenty of calls, some web surfing, downloading apps, at least one hour of youtube videos, a video call via Skype, and plenty of texting, the phone lasted almost two days!My only issue is the camera. The daylight pictures are okay, but low light pictures are grainy and lots of red eye. I have looked at the hardware specifications of the phone, and I think the problem may just be software. On that note, for the Lumia 800, NOKIA quickly released updates improving battery life and camera up to their renowed quality. So my guess is NOKIA will probably be quick to fix this issue.

I come from Europe and Nokia is a big deal there. I've been in the US for almost 5 years an I always missed having a good Nokia phone here. I had a Iphone 4 for a year and I got so bored with it. When I heard the Nokia is coming back to US and especially with a unique device and OS I was so happy. Since I never used a Windows phone before I was very anxious to try it out. When the Lumia 800 came to the Microsoft Store I fell in love with it and I wanted to buy it really bad even if it was $899. But at the same time I already knew that the Lumia 900 was also coming in a few months, so I decided to wait. And I'm very glad I did. I went to the Microsoft Store on the 9th to see the phone for the first time, I was stunned, what a beauty. As soon as the phone turned on, I couldn't get my eyes off it, the OS is very well designed, super fast, beautiful interface, great selection of apps(i didn't care about all the people that say Windows Marketplace is very small), they have everything I need. Nokia Apps are great and perform amazing. The camera is great also, I don't see a need in more megapixels for a cell phone, 8 are plenty. If I need better pictures I can use my digital camera. The screen very responsive, the Clear Black technology gives it a very sexy look and the colors are very bright and feel alive. Overall experience is unforgettable, I just can't stop looking a it. My wife and friends all have iphones and they said the Nokia Lumia 900 is an absolute beauty! I highly recommend this phone if you want to be unique and also have a great tool in your pocket. Good luck Nokia. I want to see only great phones in the future and especially in the US.

Great design and very powerful smartphone.User interface is refreshing and very intuitive.I am very curious about the battery life, after two days of use it seems to be good.Good price, also.Worth a buy!

I switched from Blackberry Torch. The Lumia is just awesome. I like the look and feel of it. It is durable. It works great, and the apps are great. Nokia City Lens is killer, as is Nokia Drive. We recently went to the UK - Ireland, Scotland, England - and used it both to navigate and to find spots of interest, restaurants, and hotels. I love it.

So far, this is the most beautiful phone I have ever owned! So much more beautiful that the latest iPhone or Android device. The build quality of the Lumia 900 is excellent! It has a premium feel, and it feels good in the hand. Most importantly, it runs on what I feel is the most well-thought and well-designed phone operating system: Windows Phone 7.5. It's so fast and fluid, my friends and co-workers were so impressed that many have already switched to Windows Phone. And of all the Windows Phones out in the market, the Lumia 900 is easily the best. If you decide on buying one, you won't be disappointed! :)

This is simply the best phone I have ever used. Period. It feels great, the OS simply beautiful. And it doesnt feel like a me-too phone.
