
Amazing product. i don't regret purchasing this phone. I reside in Trinidad and Tobago and there were no problems. The phone came brand new, unlocked and was remarkably fast. I recommend that you purchase this phone. you surely won't regret it.

This product perform as advertised. I have no complain about this phone! The performance of this phone exceed my expectation.

Received phone, description was viable but the phone stop turning on after 2 weeks of usage. I do not recommend this phone.

It was a good replacement for my broken phone.  It also cost less to get this new phone than to pay your insurance deductible to get a refurbished replacement.

Phone is everything that I wanted. Working great so far.

&#34;felt unhappy because it was not sealed from blackberry and it looks like a opened box. it looks like all its original accessorizes were missing. its imei is not clear. Even the box was not pleased because it is not original&#34;

Didn't have access to the apps I wanted. Had to get a different phone. It is a nice small blackberry though...if you, like me, prefer a smaller phone.

I order two of these phones. one works fine. the other is worthless. the speaker doesn't work. it keeps shutting off.

it is not unlocked phone .. the device need ( activation required )  .. when you call Verizon to active it .. the will told you ( you have to use Verizon SIM..

the product is as described very good I recommend it 100%. 'll buy at this store in the future. excellent. I have a little problem but I want to lift 3G movistar.

excellent performance, attractive, fully unlocked as indicated by the supplier, I recommend it 100%, any type of gsm signal problem

This product is terrible. I had a herd time configuring it for a T mobile sim. When it finally get to work, my placed calls goes silent intermittently and does not produce any tone at both sending and receiving ends. This is a cheap but very low quality phone

the best blackberry with the best price  , work in south America unlocked.I therefore, recomend this Blackberry Curve to anyone who is looking for a good inexpensive Smartphone

Good, but where I live, the phone can have 3G, but it's a good phone! For that reason I said it

This phone works great for a middle-of-the-line phone. It is functional and easy to use. Compact and holds a charge better than most smart phones on the market.

SOME OF APP DOES NOT WORKING, I NOT SURE MAY BE GOOD FOR VERIZON. I USE NET10 ATT SIM PAY $50 PER MONTH, JUST FOR CALL NON DATA, I WILL SHUT DOWN IT SOON , PHONE IS GREAT ANY SIM BUT SOME SOME APP NO CAN NOT WAKE UP IT.

Excellent mobile , it works perfectly with movilnet Venezuela. a great equipment 100% recommended, super fast, really fantastic, perfect size and design. ultimately the best.

the speaker on the phone dont work and if you receive a call you can only answer with the speaker on

The phone is ok i love it but when i put my sim card inside it dose not work .I dont know if this phone is unlock , can u help me out here what i must do .2 phone i purchase and both is not nulocked .

The product arrived well but the description indicates this came unlocked but blocked, which has generated a lot of problems because I'm not in the united states, good rest and I think I have resolved them by my means and not buy it Thanks

this was bought for the wife and she totally loves it it does exactly what she wants and it fits nicely into her pocket.the delivery was right on time no worries there

Blackberry Curve 9370 Unlocked Phone Verizon CDMA + GSM with OS 7, 5MP Camera, GPS and Wi-Fi - Blackthe phone does not work with GSM as the seller says is a deception only works with CDMA and here in Venezuela no longer put those lines, as I do for solutions since the sale is false

Bought it for use in Trinidad as a present for my dad. It works great. He truly appreciates it.Thanks

i use this as an alternative to my iphone to read and write emails (cant stand the touch screen for long emails). Light and small phone and easy to type with

my mother likes the cellphone, the only thing was that i have to update the software to be able to use balckberry messenger..

get the  thunderbolt for the same amount of money, i would not recommend this phone to anyone.terrible phone.no.dont do it.

The compact design and functionality of the device is quite sleek for a blackberry enthusiast. The product's specs are quite versatile for a business traveller such as my self. The price is relatively reasonable.

Very happy with the purchase of the Blackberry Curve 9370, is a cell that is not expensive and comes with a menu and applications often use ..!

Solid phone. Thin, stylish, not too much of fancy fancy yet advance enough to enjoy. Everything moves smooth. Feels solid.

I am impressed with this product. Like it and will tell my  friends to purchase one of these phone. My only concern which I hope some one will help me is that the message activation required is showing up on the phone .Can some one tell me how to get this message clear from the phone. Thanks

Good phone, but sometimes have bugs, the best BlackBerry internet service, and e-mail delivery as push notification. If in AppWorld will be a lot of good apps, it'll be the best brand.

As noted by others, this phone can only be used if it is first activated by Verizon, meaning I had to be a Verizon customer, which I expected.  It works fine.  It was also unlocked as promised, and I found I could do talk and text on AT&Ts network with a good SIM card, which I had.  I could not successfully use it for GSM data, although the phone indicated it was receiving EDGE.  It is possible that it would have worked for data if I contacted AT&T or Blackberry, but I did not try this because I intend to use the phone on Verizon.  I do not know if the phone will still work on GSM if I deactivate it on Verizon and I think this would be an interesting thing to know. There is a menu on the phone which makes it easy to switch between Verizon and GSM.  The phone is excellent on the Verizon network, and the camera and music player are very good, as is the web surfing.  The only thing needing improvement is the battery life.  Also, it is not built as solidly as my prior BB 8530 but all in all, I am very satisfied with the seller and the phone.

Had to return the mobile. The mobile is not unlocked as listed. Please don't go with the user's listings. Waste of time.

This phone seems not to like like humidity or hot weather. Purchased 2 from a different source (Verizon version used in GSM network overseas). Both  freeze frequently, particularly at higher temps and humidity. Can't hang up on a call sometimes. Need to remove battery to do so. What is otherwise a good, sleek design with excellent keyboard and high-resolution screen, is badly tarnished by the software problem.

I ALWAYS HAVE A BLACKBERRY;  THE FEATURES ARE EASY TO OPERATE; AND THE HARDWARE IS OPERATOR FRIENDLY; EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND OPERATE. AND THE PRICE IS RIGHT.  I WILL RECOMEND THIS BLACKBERRY PHONE TO ANY USER IN SEARCH OF A C-PHONE.

I bought this phone as a backup because my favorite phone ever was a Blackberry.  This is an excellent little phone.

The phone looked good, operated well. I was planning to gift this to my cousin who lives overseas. I ordered this phone and got it on time, but just 2 days before the journey overseas and when I tried to use the phone with a GSM sim, it said ... &#34;Activate it through Verizon&#34;. When I called Verizon, they said that the phone was unlocked, but the seller &#34;Master Reset&#34; this phone before sending to me, and thus, it locked the phone again to Verizon. However, Verizon did not have the key to unlock - they wanted me to register for Verizon and after 6 months, they can unlock it - and asked me to call BlackBerry to see if they can help. BlackBerry customer service is a PAIN! They flat out denied any help to me. So, I had to return it, as I do not have enough time to go through the steps with the seller. Please buy this phone with the knowledge that you need to have a working session with the seller to re-unlock the phone after you get this. If you are already with Verizon, then go for it ... great phone!

The features on the phone are good. The only problem I've got is that the battery life is on average 8 to 12 hours on standby. If the phone is used the battery life will drop to 4-5 hours. Either the battery is to small for the phone or the phone has a malfunction and consumes to much energy.

I bought two of these phones, both of which came in boxes taped shut with scotch tape (clearly not by the factory).  Five of the buttons on one of the phones don't work at all.  The other phone has a lot of static.

well all that I came to Venezuela and it is best to work with all the bands here in Venezuela and I tried it and it works with the hair digitel..

I love this phone, I received on time, I'm shipping to the Caribbean with a skybox so I had to wait an extra week To receive. I got it today and it's really nice and neath. I was very skeptical about buying at first, I was uneasy the last few weeks because I saw all the bad reviews and I was concerned about it not being unlocked,  damaged during shipping etc, but my wait was worth it. The onliest advice I can give is select a good shipper/seller before purchasing, do some research and look at the sellers rating and reviews.. as we say in Trinidad - cheapness gets u no where!Pay the extra to a seller who has good ratings, don't go buying the cheapest one and expect good quality.The seller I bought from satisfied me 100% for now tho,, I just hope I don't end up in any problems.

good afternoon, very disappointed the phone, says it has had to cancel desbloqeado and I will open for the bands, not happy with that came the damaged speaker phone, insastifecha 100%, 100% negative would give my opinion

Always wanted a BlackBerry on Verizon and this one works well.  It is probably my favorite BlackBerry phone I have had.  Easy to use and great price and arrived quickly.

[Bought the Blackberry Curve 9370 from Direct Wireless and was very satisfied with how quick I received my order (I ordered it on the 17th and received it on the 20th) and the phone itself was brand new from what I can tell (although the box was taped with regular invisible tape.)]My previous cell phone would no longer receive texts and calls or use data (though wifi was fine) and it lagged quite a lot as a result of being dropped into a full bathtub. I got it for free under contract and wasn't really interested in getting insurance for it because I have never made the mistake of dropping my phones into bathtubs before (first time for everything, right?) and so I decided to buy this.The Blackberry Curve 9370 (from Direct Wireless) is perfect for me! Why? Because:1.) I'm under Verizon Wireless so even if the phone wasn't GSM unlocked, it wouldn't matter to me. (I still don't know if it is GSM unlocked or not, btw.)2.) I'm a homebody and have easy  access to a computer, tablet, and wifi so the lack of apps on the Blackberry and the lack of touch screen/screen size on this model in particular isn't a big deal for me either. If I want to do heavy surfing on the internet, I'd get on my computer; if I wanted to play games/apps, I'll say hello to my Nexus 7!And 3.) The QWERTY keyboard is my favorite thing about the Blackberry and was really the deciding factor. I have family and friends outside of the US and we use Whatsapp a lot! While replying to texts/messages wasn't difficult on an iPhone 4s or a Samsung Galaxy Infuse and definitely not at all difficult on a Samsung Galaxy Note 3, I absolutely hated replying on a Motorola Droid Razr M even with Swype (all previous cell phones I have owned and used), and I still missed having a "real" keyboard. Since getting the Blackberry Curve, my family, friends and my husband have noticed how quickly I come up with replies. It's just boom, boom, boom. Reply, reply, reply. I LOVE it!Now, would I have gone with a Blackberry Curve IF I had gotten insurance with my phone plan... I'd definitely say no. (I LOVED my Note 3!) But I didn't get insurance with my phone plan and had to settle for a cheap alternative. Which is what this is. For $83, why the hell not? But if you really care about your apps and staying connected via 4g, don't get this. Stay away! You'll HATE it.

the blackberry is a terrific work tool. the one i got from supplier was locked and had to return. such is life

Bought phone because I was told it was new. About 2 weeks after getting it the moving pad quite recognizing my touch. Was bummed out because I love blackberry but you can't get the curve from Verizon anymore.

Very good product, I recommend it. Excellent quality, as it says the publication. presentation is very good, the price adjusted.

The phone worked great until 2 days ago...the screen went white and wouldn't do anything else. After some troubleshooting, we upgraded the software on the device and then the keyboard stopped working.

I bought this phone as a birthday gift for my girl friend and within 2 months it just stopped coming on. The red light wont turn on , nothing works.. this is a total ripp off... i am so disgusted by this purchase and I totally regret it... I wish i never bought it and I dont recommend you do either... the phone is in good condition but just dont come on anymore and noone can determine why...sad and pissed

This is my first smartphone. Before purchasing this phone, I contacted Amazon chat and the seller. Here is the chat transcript:03:37 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: I have few questions.03:38 AM(GMT) Navnish(CSA): I am sorry I am not tech savvy, still I will try to answer.03:38 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: Thx.03:39 AM(GMT) Navnish(CSA): You're welcome.03:39 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: 1) Is this unlocked phone?03:39 AM(GMT) Navnish(CSA): yes the phone is an unlocked version.03:40 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: 2) Will it work with other carriers except Verizon?03:40 AM(GMT) Navnish(CSA): Means you can use CDMA + GSM with any carrier,Yes.03:40 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: 3) Why third party sellers are coming? Why not I do not see an option to purchase from amazon directly?03:41 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: This is my last question.Thx.Can I trust those third party sellers?03:41 AM(GMT) Navnish(CSA): The item is shipped by the sellers.Only the choicest sellers are allowed to sell theier items on amazon.03:42 AM(GMT) Navnish(CSA): We check their order history and their commitment.I assure you there is no harm is purchasing from the seller.s03:42 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: Are you sure? I am afraid and I need assistance.03:45 AM(GMT) Navnish(CSA): Don't worry, they are genuine sellers who ships their item from amazon.03:46 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: Thx.Thx.See you.03:46 AM(GMT) Navnish(CSA): You're welcome. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?You're welcome. Thank you for contacting Amazon.com. We hope to see you soon. Have a great evening.03:46 AM(GMT) Rohit Dhawan: Not now.Thx.Thx.After that I contacted seller and he/she said the phone is completely unlocked. So, I ordered it but when I turned it on it shows error message Activation Required. http://www.amazon.com/review/RHWP5UPD99M67/ref=cm_cr_pr_viewpnt#RHWP5UPD99M67This same thing happened with me. I switched to GSM mode as well but the issue was still there. Finally, I followed [...] and the message disappeared. Now, my question is that I have data plan but I cannot use internet on it using my sim card. I use internet on it using wifi and on wifi, BBM and other major applications like setting up of email accounts etc. do not work on this phone. I will really appreciate if someone can helpp me in using internet on this phone using sim card having data plan.

If you are looking for a cheap phone that works well, this is a good phone to get. May not have every app you are looking for but doesn't mean you can't go download it somewhere else. It is nice because it has OS7 and a QWERTY keyboard.

Very good product, well maintained, but it is a shame that not sent him with current charger but the product very well, thank you

it's a good cell phone, for that reason catalog with four stars. I am from Venezuela and the cell phone works good with gsm, but with cdma no, because it doesn't has cdma incorporated. Check look!!

The compact design and functionality of the device is quite sleek for a blackberry enthusiast. The product's specs are quite versatile for a business traveller such as my self. The price is relatively reasonable.

Brand, satisfied with the product, good phone components, work very good with my operator, thank you very much from Venezuela.

This little Blackberry curve 9370 is still a good phone and the keyboard CANT be matched to a touch screen keyboard EVER! Sure the OS is not on top anymore BUT this aging platform still works just fine and the email client that Blackberry has is still hands down the best and fastest  for emails over ios and android!!!! I would recommend this Blackberry curve to anyone!

Don't be fooled with the cuteness of this phone. It looks really new nice but does not have 3G. Beware!

Not much to say.  Accepted our European SIM cards without a problem, and so far it has worked as promised.
