
I got an iPhone after a cheap Android and could not handle the switch.  The iPhone is attractive and has high-quality hardware and feel, but I really do think the Android software is better AS LONG AS you mind taking the time to get it set up -- and this will require you to be something of a sleuth to uncover all the apps and user forums that will enable you to get things running just as YOU want them to.  Once done however, that's the big draw (to me) of having an Android phone -- it will run the way YOU want it to,.  iPhones just do as Apple tells them and if you want something different, well, tough toenails!A few pros and cons about this phone:-- Setup and syncing are not perfect with an iPhone either.  You'd think that would be true, but it's not.  Having said that, like I said already, you will have to put a LOT of effort into getting an Android phone the way you want it.  Especially if you are technologically challenged like me.  I'm at two months and counting.....-- You can get an app that will back up your text messages to &#34;conversation view&#34; in Gmail.  This is great if you ever have important information in there that you need to look up via computer or if you have to change phones.  There is no way to do this from an iPhone.-- Ease of use, for example the &#34;back&#34; button is hard-wired into the phone so in any app it's in the same place.  You can also organize all the icons on your home screens any way you want them (iPhone snaps them all back in place on the grid so this cannot be done).-- Contacts' pictures show up next to text messages, when calls come in and in my phone address book.  (It's the little things, but still!)-- The size of the phone is really quite ridiculous.  It's not any heavier than the iPhone and although it's skinner, the length and width are so big that a number of accessories can't accommodate it (so far I have had that experience with car stereo hookup devices and non-armband pockets/holders for the gym).  This is due in part to my keeping it in a water-resistant Ballistic case, but let's face it, at $300+ you wouldn't want anything bad to happen to it so I don't feel like I have any choice.  At least you will always be able to find it in a purse, but just be aware that your iPhone friends will pick on you for dragging half a laptop computer around!-- By far my biggest problem with this phone has been how freaking difficult it has been to get music transferred from my mac computer/iTunes to the phone!!!!!!  I finally got iSync to work, but on some forums they claim that it is a known issue that the Galaxies unmount micro SD cards all by themselves and then the data on the cards is lost forever.  Yes, I can tell you that it took several hours to sync music to my phone and most maddening, when that was finally done everything would disappear if for any reason I had to restart the phone.  Also, some playlists would not sync so I would end up with about half the music I had originally wanted.  Then upon trying to actually play them, I would get an error message saying  that the file type I was trying to play was not supported, which is interesting because I converted all of the songs to MPEG Audio format before I put them on my phone, just to be safe.  Thank goodness I finally realized that all of these problems are probably stemming from the manufacturer, not by my phone itself, so now I can try to get things resolved through the seller of the $20 SD card instead of the seller of the $300+ phone.-- The phone supposedly has a known issue with some exFAT external ED cards unmounting themselves; it is not clear what, if anything, Samsung plans to do to fix this.  &#62;:(-- The Siri equivalent doesn't work too well (runs through Google), although I never could get Siri herself to do much either so I suppose this should be counted as a tie between the two.-- The battery seems to die a lot quicker, even from a full charge.I apologize for this review being so long and mostly pointing out the benefits and drawbacks only of Android vs. iOS.  However, I have never owned a smart phone before so I wouldn't be able to make a similarly detailed comparison between them.  I do know that the Galaxy and the HTC One are probably the top most popular choices and I'm thinking there must be some pretty good reasons for that!  Anyway, I am happier with mine than I was and I am glad the card problem didn't originate with the actual phone.  Wish me luck and try a Galaxy yourself -- you might like it too!

an excellent purchase! i live in the Bahamas and the phone works just fine and was in perfect condition. im not the type to leave comments but i thought i should because i know how uneasy it is to shop online. great buy everyone!

My husband wanted a small cell work and practice so that you buy and qye mimi is practical and important for me is that my husband and I feel good buy

Fantastic cell phone, it arrived in very good conditions w/o any problem and it is working fantastic my wife love it.

No complains about it, it delivered and works perfectly without any flaws, just as advertised. Highly recommend, and you should get this phone

I purchased this phone, because ,it was cheaper, than T Mobiles same phone.I got it unlocked and T Mobile gave me the right sim card.I do like this phone.

Nothing bad to say about this phone, it has all the features that I want, I usually use the hot spot, so far it didn't give me any headaches. I really do not understand the one review people, this is the best phone in the market, in my opinion better than Iphone 5 too.

it is good fast response and easily usable. it can be open and closed easily and I can go through any requirement in few seconds.

This ended up NOT being the international version, which is what was advertised. The box the phone arrived in  stated it was, but it was NOT. The phone IN THE INTERNATIONAL BOX, was actually the NORTH AMERICAN LTE version.

This is a very good smartphone I've been using. Having used it for almost half an year, I am very satisfied with how it performs! It has high-tech fashion design, and it has an almost-perfect audio performance. The quality of resolution on this phone's screen is incredible! Whenever I am reading E-books, watching short movies, or playing all these cool apps I downloaded from Play Store, I am always never getting tired of doing these things repeatedly due to the high-quality display of the screen!However, there are also some downsides I would like to point out! Despite having 8 mega-pixel for photographing, I am sometimes disaappointed with the results when I take picture--unless I am taking picture in a place where has sufficient light and clear views. Also, the battery duration seems a bit of a problem to me. I always need to re-charge it everytime I am back from works, even I am not using the phone most of the time!In conclusion, this is a masterpiece designed and made by Samsung, I would consider it almost 100% perfect phone compared to most high-end phones. 5 STARS for this lovely high-tech phone despite some drawbacks!!!

This phone is not compatible with a T-mobile sim card.(no 4g, will only perform at EDGE speeds) The description on Amazon says the 4G is "region based" and since I live in New York, my "region" does pick up 4G. I dont think the average consumer knows the specs of the phone. Now I'm being charged $65.00 just to return the phone (10%) plus shipping!!!! Very disappointed.

I feel totally ripped off, the phone is repaired and sell it at a high price, the phone I received powder gets to the screen, you will damage the load pin is totally an abuse because in any momeno specify that the phone is repaired.This seller should get out of here because it leaves very badly amazon.You do not respond or give guarantees, is a total abuse.

I bought this phone because it was advertised as unlocked International but the phone was not unlocked as advertised.  I had additional cost to unlock.

Great phone. In fact it is more than a phone it is lik a mini tablet computer. Switching between apps can be slow sometimes but understandable. The speed of processing though, isbawesome. This is definitely not a "single hamd control" phone, so driving and using is particularly hazardous....so dont tect and drive with the SIII.

I love my galaxy S3. it is amazing. the only complain i have is that it is all plastic body and unfortunately i broke its body very badly.I bought it when it was launched. and till now it is amazing. it is user friendly. big screen. also it is very good in catching networks and internet signals. I get signals at the places where it is not even expected.So far i am very happy with my phone.

This phone lives up to all the hype. It's an amazing phone no matter which way you look at it. However, if your order is "Sold by Global Mobiles and Fulfilled by Amazon" you WILL get the unlocked INTERNATIONAL version of this phone. Global Mobile keeps posting their international versions here. The phone might work with AT&T; (not sure) but if you're with T-Mobile, it will not be able to connect to the 4G network, and you will be roaming just about everywhere you go. (Apparently the International versions don't have the 1700MHz band that T-Mobile uses).Other than that, all the functions and features work, it feels amazing in your hands and the screen is just one of the best I've ever seen, next to my iPad, it stacks up very well.

`Veryh great awesome perfect cell phone that is at the edge of the technology it's was all as described and went fine

i had bought this product by looking that its a factory unlocked but as i received the product it was  taken in plan and later unlocked where i am unable to use certain applications like GPS. i had loved the product but i felt i was falsely persuaded to buy this product.. i suggest you to b very careful and also beware of seller before buying too..Samsung Galaxy S III / S3 Unlocked GSM Smart Phone (Pebble Blue)

have problems, one would fault the screen and turns off when the other llamas, NO SALE AS ANNOUNCES NEW EQUIPMENT ARE REFURBISHED. NO VENDE EQUIPOS NUEVOS COMO ANUNCIA, SON REFURBISHED. SON EQUIPOS REMANOFACTURADOS aparte estan da&ntilde;ados

I have been using Galaxy Note II for several months and recently used for a comparison at a friend's place with S3. Both are running similar software and except for the pen capabilities, S3 is identical from a user's point of view. I used the Nike+ app with external GPS on both phones, and the routing and mapping shown were excellent.GPS locks on Google Navigation was almost instantaneous and spot on. With a 4.8 inch HD Super AMOLED(1280x720) display screen is awesome. Pictures are awesome Rear: 8 Mega pixel Front: 1.9 Mega pixel. 64 MB microSD card makes storage abundant with all of the Google Drive/Music/Amazon mp3/box/dropbox and all of these.In essence, phone is super speed and is nice. With iphone's 3.5 or 4" is looking too small compared to awesome phones Samsung is releasing. I wish they continue the upward trend and lose focus on design/weight/features/updates.

I loved this phone initially, but within 3 weeks the phone stopped working.  Now it won't turn on or charge.  I have to send back to Hong Kong for repair.  Be careful of unlocked phones.

The top of android smart phones, not an astounding Apple device but like PC does the work excellent and interfacing with all, recommended!!!

This phone is what I wanted and then some.  It came exactly as described, swift shipping and after 3 weeks of using it there have been no complaints. Great purchase and will be buying the s4 when available.

The good is not working properly, as an example, when I tap de screen as to open an item for my mail, picture, file, etc. it doesn't work, I have to tap several times or back in the screen then return to the item to open it.I am considering returning the product based on warranties.

TODO OK

I bought this phone to replace a broken S3, and I was really excited to see an unlocked version on Amazon. Unfortunately, this phone is GSM, and not CDMA, so it won't work if you have a Verizon phone. If you have T-Mobile or AT&T;, or you're international, you'll be fine.Also, don't actually expect one day shipping - the company took a full 24+ hours to process the order once I placed it.

Pros:Awesome ScreenGreat soundIt's so thin!Awesome feel in the handSpeedyCompatible with ANYTHING!Cons:Screen is a little dimSound is a little softPenTile MatrixThis is a great phone and I recommend it to anyone who wants a good phone at a very solid price point.

The Samsung Galaxy is exactly the device u want to have. It looks elegant and the functionality is exceptional. Get it

The best phone ever.  Is just a great phone Easy to use and has everything you need in a smartphone

I got it as a present for my husband and he loves it! It's a lot more than a phone, it's better than a lap top.

Super cell. Fast, beautiful, versatile. Excellent price. I love it. I recommend it.This article is the maximum. Amazon is an excellent platform to find what you are looking for good price and quality.

Love this product it works fine. Will recommend to anyone who wants to purchase one. Awesome product. It was just as described.

After one month, my phone keep on restarting for every 5 mins. i took it to repair shop they told motherboard needs to be replaced. which costs almost half of the phone cost.. I just took a chance even by looking the reviews.. i am screwed

From the moment you first turned on, it is easy to use, with advanced technology, just as good as the competition. You will be in another dimension.Must take into account the first time you turn on the phone to set the language correctly.This phone goes beyond what I expectedRecommended 200%

I got the S3 yesterday, since I owned a iPhone 4S here the comparison:DESIGN: Galaxy S3 design is stunning, the feeling on hands is incredible. The ergonomics makes all the difference. The iPhone 4S is very squarish and definitely more solid but heavier too (way heavier);SCREEN: Galaxy S3 screen is wonderful with vivid colours and sharp imaages, 4,8 inches vs 3.5 of the iPhone, after you make the transition you wont never come back, impossible.OPERATING SYSTEM: S3 usability is a boom. iPhone is good but never at the level of the S3, way way slower.BATTERY: S3 gets full day + 30% remaining battery, iPhone last till four or five PM;GPS: Galaxy S3 gets locked in less than 10 seconds inside a building, iPhone searches and searches with no success;CAMERA: they are very similar, S3 is faster and iPhone is may be a bit better in term of quality. No dramatic difference.S-VOICE vs SIRI: they are both very basic and more fun than usefull.USB-BLUETOOTH: iPhone only works with iTunes, no Bluetooth, no radio. Galaxy S3 can be usb-connected to computers and flashmemory, it has easy bluetooth connection and yes ... it has an amazing radio :)APPS: to be sincere, all relevants apps in iPhones are present in Android. They have better design but they are at payment while in Android are always free. No mayor differences.Galaxy S3 is an extraordinary good purchase. Recommended for all ex-iPhone users. You wont regret, there is a world outside iTunes :)

Chat Information Please wait for a Samsung Agent to respond.Chat Information You are now chatting with 'Sandra'. There will be a brief survey at the end of our chat to share feedback on my performance today.Chat Information Your Issue ID for this chat is LTK111790276620XSandra: Hi, thank you for contacting Samsung Technical Support. How may I help you today?Visitor: i got a gt-i9300 from amazon and it stoped working, how do I get support?Visitor: there is any Warranty?Sandra: Thank you for the model number.Sandra: I apologize for the inconvenience this may have caused.Sandra: nI see that you are referring to non USA model phone.Sandra: Have you purchased the phone in USA?Visitor: yes, at AmazonSandra: Thank you.Sandra: I would like to inform you that Samsung warranty covers repair only.Sandra: I should inform you that, Samsung doesn't have any  option to replace the device as we only service the device in free of cost if the device is under warranty status.Sandra: Phones are manufactured by Samsung and sold through Carriers. Carriers will only have authority to offer replacement under warranty.Sandra: Unfortunately, Samsung do not offer replacement for devices under warranty.Sandra: I am sorry, as we in live chat do not have access to offer a replacement device. However, I recommend you contact carrier support team or place of purchase to check if they have an option to provide you the required details about replacement procedure.Sandra: I apologize for the inconvenience.Sandra: I will be  happy to provide you with the required information to send your phone to repair.Sandra: To send the phone to Samsung service center, I recommend you contact the Samsung Voice Support team as they are going to raise a ticket and send you a free E-label (shipping label) to your email address.Sandra: Paste the copy of the E-label and send the device to our service center via UPS within 3 days to avoid expiration of e-label and to ensure timely service.Sandra: We will bring the device in for evaluation. The repair technician will determine if the cause of damage is due to manufacturing defect or an external source. If a defect is found by external source, you will receive an email with the option to pay for repair. If a manufacturing defect is found, the device will be repaired under warranty.Sandra: You can contact our voice support at 1-888-987-4357, Mon-Fri: 7 AM - 9 PM (CST), Sat: 9 AM - 6 PM (CST).Sandra: Can I help you with anything else?Sandra: Please keep me posted.Visitor: there no Carrier, I got it from Amazon and they said that there is no Warranty on their side. I would to know if I can have any support from Samsung because as you said it is an non USA modelSandra: I do understand your concern. Unfortunately, Samsung provides One year manufacture warranty for the devices which are locked with the carrier teams.Visitor: and it means that if i have no carrier i have no Warranty, rigth?Sandra: Yes, you are right.Visitor: too bad

I've had the S2 and loved it. Time to upgrade a little so I chose this. Had it activated in Mexico's Telcel network with no problem.

Best Phone I had so far. Great screen, light, so easy to use, really frendly phone. Really recomend it to everyone.Exeeded my expectations.

I have never broken any of my previous smart phones or had problems with them. This is my first Samsung phone and my first Android phone.  I bought this phone 5 days ago and already the glass over the camera has shattered. This happened without any mistreatment, dropping, or irregular use. Samsung and phone carriers are not supportive of replacing the device, and it is difficult to find the glass to replace it (it is taking 1 month to order this piece of glass from China). The software on the phone is great. I am a big fan of Android, but I would look for a phone from a company that values quality control if I had to do this again. Definitely not worth the price tag.

awesome,also they bring very quickly and in good conditions .maybe you can buy an accesory fron here . h

great product, perfect interface, good price, quick navigation, tutorials online, clean appearance. Defenitely recommendable for beginning users of smartphones. Regards

I've never had any android device and at first I was a little apprehensive, coming from a blackberry the difference is noticeable. I'm very happy, tons of apps, low price, no exclusivity problems (like the nokia lumia 900 or iphone). I had the opportunity to handle an iphone for quite some time and I really don't get why people like it that much, this phone is way better, has a lot of functions and a real screen. I absolutely recommend it. And regarding the other review, probably that MORON is installing the SIM card backwards, the phone is fully unlocked and operational.

Choice of the recipient (gift). Hence, cannot tell why she made that choice. Furthermore, I am unable to get her opinion

The phone is large and after using I honestly feel like the iphone is a toy.  I have been using Smartphones since 92 with the HP ipaq and its nice that someone has finally put a decent sized screen on a phone.A major flaw with the phone is it will not Auto-connect with paired Bluetooth devices.  If you use a hands free system in your vehicle and you pair your Bluetooth to it, the phone will not auto-connect.  You have to go into Bluetooth settings every-time and click on the device (again that is already paired) BEFORE it will connect to it.Samsung support only apologizes, and offered no solution.  (I will update if there is a resolution)

I have been really confused between iPhone and Galaxy S3 and did lot of research before making final decision. I am very happy with my Galaxy S3 it is just amazing phone. My biggest worry before purchase was its size but actually I am very comfortable with its size, size is just right for me.

awesome,  its a gift for my wife....Hope she will like it too.....Thanks Hasslefree cell.........thanks for your quick customer feed back

It's everything I wanted and more. After 1 month.. am still discovering the features and have no complaints at all. Best Buy EVER!

I had a great purchase experience! Plus the product delivers what it promises! I always had iPhones, but right now things seems easier to do and also much quicker, due to its processor. Off course it has its cons against the other phone, but still very good product. Only real bad thing about it is battery life, it is almost short as the other phone. When used in full capacity, 3G, checking emails, Facebook, Instagram and etc. the battery life won't last a full day. But the great thing about this phone is that gives you the option to have an extra battery. All in all it's worth it.

There is a known HW problem with this phone. It can result in Sudden Death. The phone will die and not restart. Mine worked for 6 months......Because this is an international version, Samsung USA will not support you and point you to Samsung UK. They in turn will also not support you because the phone is not an EU phone. So you are left in limbo. I have been trying to get a straight answer from Samsung for weeks, no one knows where to service the phone. Samsung's support model is abominable. No one takes ownership or responds.So be forewarned in buying Samsung products, support is BAD

I upgraded to this phone from a Galaxy Nexus, which is also a fantastic phone.  But the S3 is plain sweet!  If you can get this for a good deal, do it.  I got it from Costco for 390 with the value plan.  Overall extremely impressed and happy with the purchase.

We bought it and it is working perfectly in Mexico with Telcel (mobile phone company). The only thing we had to do is change old SIM card for a MicroSIM. Besides that everything is great.

I bought this phone during my vacation in Colorado, as my old mobile phone was damaged. The phone was delivered with a loose contact on USB connector. So that after one week I wasn't able to charge it any more. As I happened to be in Asia two weeks later I brought the phone to some guys who do cheap mobile phone repair. They told me that the main board was not new! It had definitely already been repaired before. I looked at the board myself and I guess they were right! As I live in Germany, I did not send the phone back to US so far, but I complained via Amazon. No reply from the seller after almost two weeks now. I can not recommend this seller!!!

Excellent product would recommend, very good features, the phone is more than I expected, everything you could ask for in a cell.

Truth is, phone works well, but it came with a preloaded video, disgusting and degenerate, not even porn, worse, unhuman things, some people may find it funny, i don't know, but i bought a new unused phone and instead, i received a loaded phone, with disgusting videos, and i wonder everyday what would had happened if the phone was a gift for my daughter and she saw that disgusting video of nude people doing disgasting things i should not explain on this review. And i am not speaking about pornography, or sexuality, its a unhumain video.

This phone is awesome, and works perfectly!!! I really love Samsung, they made incredible stuff and of a very high quality.

After 3 months own this phone. It start to have some issue first the phone seem to get very hot when I'm using the gps or play games my galaxy 2 didn't do that before,2nd when I make the call or people call in I can hear them very well but they can not hear me ? battery life seem to get shorter and atlast the charger port not able to take charge i have to move the plud up and down until it connected. Got the new replacement in two week but still have the same isuue now I'm waiting for the 3rd . three time the charms i hope for better luck this time.

The S3 is an amazing phone, even considering is more than a year old. I bought this phone as a replacement for other S3 that got lost. Price is going down which is a plus! Definitely I would recoomend this phone to people, it's even better than iPhone 5.

was for a grandchildren. birthday present, he is happy.whit hes new toy.hi like it.and i m happy too.thank`sbye bye

The product is as advertised. I like the way the seller put a small note about how to change the language of the phone from German to English :)The only problem is the Warranty which is really important to me and I expected them to fill out and sign the Warranty card, because without date of purchase and signature of the dealer, the Warranty is not valid (I think so). I couldn't find any way to contact the seller. That's why I finally mentioned the Warranty issue here.Everything else is perfect. The phone seems awesome (for one-day working) and the shipping was fast and on time. I'll update this review after working with the phone for a while.Thanks,Maysam

Power button is not good. I have to check with service center and need to repair. it does not meet my expectation.

It has very bad battery. It takes more than 48 hours to get fully charged. It gets empty in 2 hours.

My GT-I9300 displays an error when opening the camera &#34;unknown error occured&#34;.No entry in the internet solution to solve the problem.

I can't describe this cellphone, the brand talk by itself. Samsumg has the best celphones around the world. On Costa Rica it works perfect.

Review from Mike's Wife:I've had this phone for 6 weeks and wish I had gone with the Motorolla.  Eveyone I talked to said that this phone had the next best camera to the iPhone and that is pretty much the only reason that I didn't go with the Motorolla Droid Maxx HD (which does have gorilla glass).What I do like about this phone: the talk to text for text messaging and email is awesome! You dictate the message, including the punctuation, which has saved me so much time.  The swipe to type is okay but not great (the talk to text is better).  The camera and videos are nice.  The phone is fast and has a nice, large screen.Now, for what I don't like: the screen broke from a fall of only 3 feet!!  I practically threw my old Motorola Droid (first edition) and dropped it from multiple heights onto tile, concrete and macadam and the screen NEVER broke or scratched!  My Husband has the Droid three and same story, dropped many times without problems.  I also don't like that this phone doesn't always auto rotate.  When I have it in the car mount, the home screen does not orient to horizontal but most of the apps will when they are open.  The phone doesn't have a "driving mode" like the Motorola and does not "play" as well with all the Google functions as my old phone.  when you are in the text mode, if you turn the phone horizontally you can barely see the a single line of the text message that you are trying to replay to.  The email app that comes on the phone, sucks and even the wireless guy said "don't bother".  I use the yahoo and gmail apps instead.If you get this phone be sure to get insurance on it from day one.

This phone is great.  However, this international version is not compatible with AT&T's (or any) LTE network.  The reason for it is that the quad core processor of the inten'l version doesn't support LTE.  The US version was changed with a dual core Snapdragon 1.5 ghz processor so the phone would work with LTE speeds.

the S3 came in perfect condition. Recommended.EL telefono vino en perfectas condiciones. Recomendado.

The phone could almost make coffee in the morning. After updating firmware to lattest version its even better. Only issue is that the usb cord which is also used to charge the phone does not fit very well so when plugging to it sometimes losses connection. Had to put a book on top of it so it would keep the weight and does not release the usb. I might buy a docking cradle for this.

Surprisingly fast shipment, phone worked flawlessly, all the accessories where there and worked as they should. I had to return it not because there was anything wrong with the phone, I wasn't aware that International versions of phones doesn't really work well with US carriers because the bandwidth they use is different as the rest of the world. I contacted them and explained why I had to return it and in 5-10 mins they approved me to return it. Even issuing the refund was pretty fast and without any issue. I wouldn't hesitate if I had to buy from this company again, really professional and responsible.

When I opened The box yesterday to unwrap my 32 gb white S3,I discovered it was a Romanian model, replete with Romanian manual--no English. My International Galaxy s2 was a British model, saving me the not-so-onerous task of downloading an English-language manual in PDF. I have to get a micro sim (only have needed a mini (what most of us think of as the usual sized sim for the last few years), I haven't tried out all the phone's features, but as far as I can tell, nothing is missing or different. Short battery life, but I expect it to extend itself a little as I break in the phone. Shipment and delivery went smoothly and phone arrived on time.

When I received this product, the box's seal was ope...So, I was thinking this is not new phone some kind of reason... But the price was ok!

I was delighted to replace my diminutive iphone, together with Apple's quirks and irritating restrictions, with an easy-to-read phone that is just the right size: neither small like the iphones, nor too large to fit in a shirt pocket. In addition, the wonderful Android OS allows me to drag and drop files and download apps without having to go through Apple's itunes straitjacket. I can find no fault in the Galaxy S3's performance and it's no wonder that its sales surpassed those of the iphone in August 2012. I simply can't wait for the upgrade of its OS to Android 4.1 Jelly Bean, which will further improve its already stellar performance.Update 6/13/'13: After a couple of firmware updates the phone seemed to acquire a life of its own. It reverts to the default ringtones for some contacts and for all its alarms. Sometimes when it restarts it goes into a Safe mode for no reason, so I have to restart it again. Finally, after a few minutes of use it overheats and freezes; to restart I need to remove and reinstall the battery. As for the 4.1 Jelly Bean upgrade, it was not as good as the 4.2 version which has not been delivered yet. In sum: after using it for 10 months my verdict is that it's hugely overpriced in view of its shortcomings.

Even if you are the middle person you must still sell the product by telling the consumers all that they need to know do not just take the item as face value.  There were some things on this item that was not mentioned in the selling points that were important and with that being said is why this item was returned.  Liked it or not all of the information was not given before purchase.  And the restocking fees are ridiculas, any store still gets there money with the box open or not no moneies are lost.  I will buy this item but from some one else who will tell all that is needed to know not when i receive it.  So for this I give this company a low 2 stars

We need the PIN code to unlock the phone that was purchased as unlocked.The Sansung GIII number FCC ID : A3LGTI9300ARATSSN I9300GSMH; IMEI 354244/05/377139/6 S/N:RF1CA4TP36K. After I give this mobile as a gift, I discovered that my dauther couldn't use it in Brazil by it is blocked. Please forward the procedure to use it in Brazil

Very Good! Works Excellent no problems / Todo Excelente tra&iacute;do a Venezuela, Funciona perfectamente, liberado, la entrega se hizo a tiempo.

I did a little research before buying, and now I have the feeling I made the right choice. Is a good product  for the right price.

Bought this phone for my husband to use overseas. He loves it and it works great. He now prefers it over the i-phone.

excelente producto, lo recomiendo para aquella personas que deseen un equipo de alto rendimiento a un costo bajo comparado con los otros tel&eacute;fonos de misma caracteristicas

It talks, surf and also take excellent pictures. Personally, I like the photos more than the ones that I take with my iphone 4, 5.I recommend this product, and my only concern is about the OS. Android, ok it good enough and have a lot of nice tools. The things that you can do with the keyboard are great. However, do you know, the IOS is just press the button, which is much more simple.

Realmente recomendable, hace 2 a&ntilde;os compr&eacute; el Galaxy S (I9000) y me saltee la versi&oacute;n S2, hoy en d&iacute;a tuve la oportunidad de hacer el salto a la versi&oacute;n I9300 y estoy realmente conforme. El env&iacute;o se hizo en tiempo y forma.

Had a Droid 1 and Droid X before I got this phone. This blows anything I have ever used before away.Pros:Very fastLots of memory. I don't know if I will ever end up using the 32gb that I have, but it's nice to know that it's there.Takes great pictures. I have an 11 month old daughter and this phone is great for taking pictures and uploading them to Facebook.S-Voice is pretty cool. A lot of people say that it can't compete with Siri, but I haven't had any issues with it, yet.Lot's more.Cons:About the only thing I can think of is that the casing on the phone makes it very slick. I handled it with kid gloves until I got an Otterbox Defender case for it.As I said, coolest phone ever. Samsung has definitely made a new loyal customer out of me.I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking to get an Android phone that is top of the line.

Compre ese Telefono y no me environ el correcto me environ Otro modelo decia que desbloqueado y aqu&iacute; en Aruba no lo he podido usar ser&aacute; que me pueden explicar que puedo hacer como hacer para que me solucionen el problema

i have owned a verizon galaxy s3 for about a month now and after having it for only 2-3 weeks I was sitting on the couch with phone in pocket and pulled phone out of pocket and the display was shattered. no pressure placed on screen and didnt drop it . verizon and samsung both say i have to pay to have it fixed. this is ridiculous. I previously owned a droid x with no problems with glass now after only a few weeks I have to deal with a broken display. This is totally unacceptable and this problem needs to be fixed. go ahead and google broken display galaxy s3 and you will find alot. I know its just glass but alot of them that you'll find shouldn't have broke

Samsung Galaxy S3 i9300 16GB - Unlocked International Version No Warranty... a good one has almost everything basic u need

i got this for my mom for mothers day and she loves it. i havent heard her say anything bad about it. such a great price too.

Excelente compra, es garantizada, posee todas las funciones que un smart phone debe tener. Fue una buena decisi&oacute;n. Lo recomiendo.

Gave to my daughter for Christmas.  This international phone can be used in the USA with no problems.  Since this was anunlocked phone I was able to sign up with any carrier I wanted.  Took it to MetroPCS, and they changed the languageto English and set it up completely and transferred her old number from T-Mobile and all her information to this new phone.She has used it for two weeks now and loves it.  It does not come with the English manual but I got her the great bookthat is available through Amazon called My Samsung Galaxy S111 paperback by Steven Schwartz, for $18.76.This book is amazing, has over 550 pages, large book size, great pictures.  So don't be afraid to get the internationalphone, it comes with all the special plugs etc.

I have to mention that there is an error in the product description of this product. The International version of the Galaxy S3 (GT-I9100) does NOT come with Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Dual Core 1.5 GHz processor. This specification is true for the American variants of the GS3. The International one comes with quad-core Samsung Exynos 4412 1.4 GHz processor. You need to correct this.

This is one of the best devices I have ever had, and I am a BB lover.  I would never have owned a Samsung, but my son gave it to me for my birthday.  I must say that after I got use to the operating system, I really began to appreciate what the phone offers.  The screen is magnificant, big and bright.  The audio is very clear and I must admit that I have slight hearing issues.  I now use it for everything (phone -of course-, planner, alarms, MP3 player, office work, social networks, etc.).  I have had it since December, and have not had any problems.  I highly recommend it.

very good phone, at least now is fine , i like soo much mi new phone thanks . good good

I would like to express my displeasure with the Galaxy S3 (International Version I-9300 - purchased in China). I have had the phone since June of 2012 and in terms of performance the phone has more than met my expectations with one major flaw - this is the most fragile screen I have ever seen on a phone!In November of 2012 while in Norway on business trip I dropped the S3 phone from my pants pocket onto the floor of a bus. The distance of the fall was about two feet (distance from the seat of the bus to the floor) and the phone at the time had a screen protector. Regardless, this short fall led to the screen shattering in numerous places. Fine... My fault right, I dropped the phone. I called Samsung Norway and was told to take the phone into a repair center and repair the screen at my expense... Done.The phone was quickly repaired (entire screen and digitizer assembly were replaced) and the phone functioned well for a few months albeit I was much more careful with the phone which had in addition garnered the protection of a sturdy case (this takes away from the glamour of having such a thin phone but hey it was worth it to not have to deal with another broken screen).In January of this year, despite my increased care, the phone again slipped out of my pocket, this time falling a distance of about three feet while exiting a vehicle to land on snow covered concrete. Despite the new coat of armor, again the fall resulted in the screen shattering in numerous places. (As an aside, when this screen shatters the phone becomes very unusable as it results jagged pieces of glass being exposed, definitely not finger friendly).Once again, and with slightly more frustration, I called Samsung although this time from the US. I'm sorry to say that they were extremely unhelpful. As I have the international version of the phone they could not recommend a service center, and instead continuously referred me to the international long distance phone numbers for Samsung China and Samsung Hong Kong as they do not make or service the international device (far be it from me to think that when I call Samsung they would service their own products or at least have the ability to transfer me to someone that could).Now I am left again with a phone with a broken screen contemplating paying hundreds more of my own money to have the screen repaired. I have been a loyal Samsung customer for years (this is my fourth Galaxy Phone and I recently purchased the Note II) and while I will be the first to admit I do not treat my phones like fine China, I have never before experienced a phone with such limited durability (the Note II in contrast has demonstrated phenomenal durability). Google Galaxy S3 broken screen and you will find hundreds of similar stories! This is terrible and is clearly a design flaw inherent in the phone.All in all, this is a great phone as long as you treat it like fine China and don't expect it to survive real world conditions (and if you break it don't count on Samsung helping you out, at least in my experience)... I'm sorry to say I cannot recommend this phone even though I love everything else about it.Thank you for reading my review and please comment if you've had similar experiences. Perhaps if enough of us get onboard Samsung will make amends.

I bought a Galaxy S3 here and it does'nt have a NFC because batery is Chinesse and GPS is damaged, Buy this phone but another seller.

My olnly compliant is about the battery, it doesn't last long, the phone works very good and is impressive at all.

Both phones freeze, turn off, kick you out of programs, open random programs, internet freezes in a white screen, speaker eco, etc.I have replaced both phones twice now! They are faulty phones t-mobile will only reboot it several times until they send out a replacement. I would stay clear of this phone.

I am loving every day of having this phone. Beautiful, stylish and extremely useful!! Highly recommend to every one .

I had a blackberry 9790, and i bought two week ago this Samsung, it's amazing, I think it has a big screen, works very well, my battery works excelente, it's Amazing Smartphone, it interface its lighter for use.

I purchased this because my Galaxy 1 (aka the Vibrant) was slow and unreliable and because Samsung and/or T-Mobile decided to quit updating the OS. What I really wanted was a faster and more reliable version of the Vibrant with a nicer camera and a GPS that actually works. This phone has met those goals BUT between samsung throwing in every half assed app they could think of and google sinking it's social and "play" media hooks in, there are like 30 programs on this phone that I'm never going to use and can't delete. Because it's awesome not to be able to rid yourself of things you're never going to use.It's also constantly trying to teach me how to shake my phone and flip it around to accomplish some asinine purpose. Every item called a "feature" under the product description is completely pointless, especially the touted S-Voice.That said, once I turn off all the annoying crap I'm sure the phone will eventually be pretty sweet.

Works really well. bought it to use with Straight Talk. At this time I can't use data on it for straight talk because it is a 4G phone but hopefully soon, just use the wifi. Also had to get my sim card cut to use but but that is ok as well.

This is good!!! I love this phone. And I will readily recommend it to anybody. I think the price too is good.

I was concern about if this handset was a real factory unlock or not, but after test with two. diferent carrier .it work perfectly. it seems is a "corean version" of the phone, but not problem with it. intructions in several languagues and the phone defaul is english so.. it was perfect. the international version work on most of the bands for other american countries... my phone got one automatic firmware update but still is working perfectly...THe only GSIII issue is the weak logic control between Wi-Fi and 3G/HSDPA... it doesn't switch smooth as the iphone 4. i hope this issue samsung fix it on next software release.regarding the seller everything was ok.

i love the phone but was not verizon comparable. i wasted a lot of my time trying to conect and dint work. there was not enough information all fine prints. it sucks.

Just bought this cellphone. The screen is enlarged. I love the high resolution display. The os provide smooth customer experience.

I love it! Cant stop staring at it, the looks? men it awesome! slim and super light. You can do anything you want on S3! HD Screen baby!!!!

I think it is good. the screen is large.and you can insert the micro-SD card. it is better than Iphone. I love it.

My phone came  as new as it can be. It came sooner than the expected time frame and ready to use unlocked and working nicely.

The price was decent, the product was as described. Great phone I used it while traveling in Europe and back home in the states.

Samsung Galaxy S3 is an awesome phone and has really nice video quality .Camera is superb the only problem i faced that it uses micro SIM card instead of the normal SIM card we generally use but thats easily resolvable..

Wow!  This is complicated for a person who isn't up to date with technical qualifications.  I love my Galaxy and continue to fumble my way through.  I've been taking lots of pictures it. Handy not to carry a separate camera around. I wonder  how to work the voice command??  The size of the screen is really nice and it's easy to use the keyboard.  I have now set up my weather station for different areas and also have my e-mail coming in.  I did set up with T-Mobile as the phone instructed me.

As far as now the  product it's working as planned. Fully recomended. I hope keep's working perfectly well. Cheers friends

very fast phone . comes with all the cables. the battery is okay too have a good durationBuy it

This is probably one of the best purchases that I've made in a long time. This phone is everything that I expected and more. Not only is it internationally unlocked but it has all of the apps available to you as if I bought it in the States. I use it for everything that you can think of to use a phone for. I can't find anything to complain about my Galaxy S3.

I really love it. I think this is the best smart phone in the market right now. It has already updated to Jeally Bean.

I purchased my phone through "Open Group Wireless" fulfilled by Amazon. I have an Amazon store card and with that comes interest free payments on certain monetary amounts. I believe (not looking) that for anything over $300.00, there is a one year interest free payment plan on that item, or that particular purchase. If you purchase other items post, that transaction, they will not be included in your previous interest free deal, so keep that in mind if you choose to use the Store card and make sure to double check card conditions with Amazon on purchases over a certain amount.On big ticket items, I only buy from a vendor that Amazon backs, because returns are less of an issue and I believe the company is safer and more legitimate when fulfilled by Amazon. I once bought a sheet set from a vendor not fulfilled through amazon and everything stated about sheets online was a lie. The actual packaging said "LIKE- 800 count Egyptian cotton" but the vendor neglected to put "like" in the description and when I wrote a "buyer beware" review, I received lots of nasty gram emails demanding that I remove my unflattering review. I believe someone even called me and was nasty to me. I now choose very carefully,who I do business with on Amazon. They cannot police every company or individual who wants to sell, but the ones they do back, I have never had a problem with.I have read reviews about Galaxy 3 phones (not backed by amazon) having been opened, seal broken, because seller stated they needed to put the unlock code on the phone. This is not true, if the phone is a legitimate International Unlocked cell no one needs to "add the code", and avoid these sellers if you read anything about them needing to "add unlock code". I've purchased 3 unlocked Samsungs and never has there been a seal broken. The phones are unlocked, brand new, never used, from factory and only reason someone would open phone to "add" unlock code, is because it is a used phone that is specific to a particular company. For example, If the phone was an ATT phone and you want to use Tmobile, Tmobile needs the ATT code in order to provide service to that phone. All of the non contracted start ups allow for customers to bring their own phones and in the instructions it states that the unlock code from the previous phone company is needed. That is why a seller is putting the unlock code on the phone.OPEN GROUP WIRELESS has true, unlocked International, warrantied, phones and when you are paying more than $500.00 for a cell phone, that is exactly what you want.I read reviews about bad batteries, movie data already loaded on the phone (that means it was someone else's phone before you got it), batteries that were not even factory issue, bad chargers, inability to switch language, advertised as an International unlocked, but was not, and a plethora of other issues. If you receive the phone and seal is broken, taped over, don't do anything to it, except return it, because you will have an issue with that phone, it is NOT brand new, and it is not what it was advertised to be. If you go with the companies that Amazon backs, you will be fine. I paid a little more for that security and I have no regrets.My phone arrived by the date it was promised, It was not opened, box was completely factory sealed and changing language from German to English was as easy as instructions stated.I have purchased unlocked International cell phones before, so I knew that they were adaptable to contract and non contracted services and I've used them on both plans. After researching and reading that others went the Straight Talk route with the Galaxy 3, that was my plan.The cool thing about non contracted services is that you pay around $50.00 for a month of unlimited, everything service, and if one company does not serve well, pay another $50.00 to check out another company, until you find the one that provides best service to your area- it is still cheaper than being stuck in a contract.In the Straight Talk start up kit, there are 3 sim cards, a larger one, then ATT and Tmobile . ATT (as I was told by rep), has a mini sim  for the Galaxy 3, but  having already read that others trimmed the card down that came in the kit,  I did same and have no problems. I put both ATT and Tmobile sim cards in my phone and should have went with the Tmobile because I get better service in my home, but when I was speaking with the rep, I could not get the sim card to stop popping out. She said it may need trimmed some more. She also said if I was able to get it to stay, all I needed to do was call them back, switch sim serial numbers and then go through the process of APNs, in order to get data. Here is where some aggravation may come in.There are not enough categories on the Straight Talk APN webpage for the Galaxy 3 to get internet working, so I had to call for help, this could require patience. No matter what time of day I called, or that I tried again the following day, it took me half a day to finally be able to leave a call back. Just about every time I called, the recording said,  "there was an unusually large volume of calls" and they could not take mine, then click. When I did get through, the recording said  call back was 30 minutes, it was nearly 2 hours, but when I finally got a warm body around 8:30 PM, she stayed on the phone with me until I had internet. It took some trial and error to finally get it. I complained to her, that the website was not well equipped and about the long time in which it took to speak with someone, and she apologized. She said that the company was aware and they were taking steps to improve customer service.The one thing I wish I had, that didn't come with phone, but which is downloadable, is a users guide. A quick start, manual was included in phone packaging, with details on how to access owners guide and I will take the time to do that, for I am not savvy in the smart phone world to know the full capabilities of this phone.The phone uses like a tablet, so I am familiar with how to obtain apps etc.. I love the large screen, the options, and the camera takes great pics. The one thing to remember is that if there are apps continuously running in the background, that will suck battery incredibly fast (learned that in one day). As for factory issued battery- I text for a couple of hours in the evenings, post pics, text off and on during the day, access internet, and check my email. At end of  an average day I can be anywhere from 67%-40% available battery usage. I charge it every night. The better battery will be a future investment.The key to a happy phone experience, is to buy from the right vendor first and foremost. What I discovered about the reviews, is that they are all grouped together and it is difficult to know which vendor a review is about, unless author mentions it. One can click on vendor, be directed to their page and then see reviews specific to them. That can take a very long time. There are also vendors who operate under more than one company name. BEWARE of these vendors. Amazon is my favorite place to shop and I do a lot of business with them. I may not be a savvy smart phone user, but I am a savvy, well informed shopper and do not jump for the cheapest price on amazon. Do the research, know what an unlocked International cell is supposed be before you buy. Contact seller to see if they need to add an "unlock code" to the phone you are considering to purchase. I wrote a vendor to ask why they operated under more than one (at least 3) company name. No reply. It is as simple as this, International unlocked under warranty, does exist. I have one, love my galaxy 3, got exactly what I was told I was getting- a brand new, straight from the factory cell phone. I got it from Open group wireless, fulfilled by amazon.

Just what i need it. The S3 is now for the price a  good choice if yo need a good ann not so expensive smartphone

I have tried many methods, but unfortunately could not connect and sync with outlook. Besides, everything is very good.Speed / Camera / Construction / Sound / Screen...also good.

There are a number of important details that do not appear in the publication, such as the model that really sells T-mobile SGH-T999 and not the GT-I9300 International Version. No doubt the GT-I9300 is better. Therefore it is not the phone that is published.

This phone works but it is not an unlocked phone. It is a Verizon phone that happens to be an International version (GSM). It will ask you to register to Verizon and attempt to reach your Verizon account every time you want to access your contacts, for example. It does work and you could patch it with a custom ROM but that kind of defeats the reason of buying an unlocked version. This should be revised by Amazon and seller penalized. It is false advertising. I gave it 2 stars because the phone works and it was delivered quite fast.

My SGS3 was very good, but all of sudden I got the Sudden death syndrome, I'm having problems with the warranty, since I live in Mexico and Samsung wont help because I don't have a receipt with the IMEI on it.Dont buy this product because the warranty dont works

Hi Guys,i Just bought this phone and i like it a lot.its touch screen performance is very sensitive and good.Besides the OS of Galaxy S3  is upgraded so the apps performance is great and the navigation is so cool as well.the best part i can take a burst of pictures from the camera and select the best one out. its so cool.Thanks All.

This is without a doubt the best phone I've ever owned. I dropped the iPhone 4S for this phone. Didn't expect to like it more than the iPhone 4S, but kept an open mind and decided to try it out. Glad I did. The screen on this phone is amazing.I use Google services like email, calendar and docs. I wanted a more integrated phone and that's what I got. I switched from iTunes to Google Music, which is fantastic. I'm deep in the cloud now and I love it.Android is freedom. I am using the Swift 3 keyboard. I have a thing for great keyboards and I love how Android lets us choose the keyboards we want.Next, I went with GoSMS rather than stock SMS. Much better. Using TweetCaster Pro as my twitter client. Using Google Currents, Google Reader and Pocket for daily news. For notes I am using EverNote. For tasks, I went with GTasks to sync with my Google tasks.Using GMail, and Chrome for Android for email and browser. Google Music for music, BeyondPod as my Podcasting client, and Audible's own client for my Audible books. Google Play Movies for movies and TV shows, Google Books and Magazines for books and magazines.Google Maps and Places turn by turn directions and finding common places like coffee shops and so on. Facebook and Google plus for social along with the twitter client.There are tons of games. Cut the Rope, Amazing Alex, Angry Birds, Defender, FieldRunners and so many others. I have about 20 games on this phone. QuickOffice for office documents which ties into Google Docs and DropBox.There is nothing this phone can't do. And you get an amazing screen that makes my iPhone screen look like a postage stamp. With Apple, I got tired of the same design, same screen, same icons in much the same way. Hello widgets! I have HD Widgets and they are beautiful. My clock / weather widget is big, bold and beautiful. I can even adjust the color of the font!!All my banks are supported, and Mint is available as well.Lot's of GPS apps for running. FitBit, Loseit and so on to keep tabs on food intake and calories burned.I also found this super cool package tracking app called ShipRack. You email a tracking number and they add it to your phones Shiprack tracking app.Samsung gave me white headphones which have pause / play and forward reverse buttons. So I can control my music from the headphones. I also picked up a pair of UrBeats from the AT&T; store, plus a BlueTooth sports headphones for when I run.This is a great phone for business and personal uses. It's stylish and fast. You won't feel lag and you add more storage capacity for about $30 for 32 more GBs.Soooo much better than my iPhone. At least I think so. If for no other reason than the email client. So easy to email anything. We have a full file system which makes attachments a breeze. OMG how much I wanted that one feature!

I am happy that it is working and all, I have already 2 originally from T-Mobile, but needed another for my other line when T-Mobile was by 2 CONTRACT but not anymore but still cheaper. I did get lucky in this one, it works!! Just the BAD THING ABOUT IT is that it was NOT UNLOCKED as it STATED!! That is why I took a STAR OFF...and the other, the BATTERY dies really quickly in use, but fixed that, purchased a new one at a Real Store,T-Mobile =) Other then that I cannot complain about the phone, works great so far...just wish it was UNLOCKED, oh well...I cannot complain. I &#34;KINDA&#34; would recommend this simply because YOU DO NOT GET WHAT THEY SAY YOU WILL...or WORSE, get DUPED and have nothing working.

MOBILE EXCELLENT. I THINK THAT IS ONE OF THE BEST PHONE THAT LAUNCHED THE SAMSUNG. WE RECOMMEND TO ANYONE WHO HAS A GOOD MOBILE PHONE

I wanted to upgrade from the Samsung galaxy s2 and got this s3.  It's much faster and I like the blue color.  Since it is the international version, you have to choose the country and language in the initial setup.  Otherwise, you will get German.  After that, works like a charm.  Much cheaper than the U.S. version.  Not sure why.  I was going to buy this same phone at Walmart and decided to hold off and check Amazon first.  The one at Walmart was over $400! This was about $300. Save $100 by purchasing an international version.  It uses a micro sim card.  If you do not have a micro sim, you can cut your regular sim card to fit using a template(that you can order from Amazon.) so you do not have to purchase a whole new sim card.

I thought this was going to be a protection to the body of my phone. Nope. I ended up buying Asmyna SAMSIIICASKCA602 Premium Slim and Durable Protective Cover for Samsung Galaxy S3.It looks nice and it covers my screen... but that's all.... and not a good value for the price.

This phone is a master piece compare to all the phone I used. It is user's friendly and easy to use. I am proud to recommend this phone to anyone - It is perfect in every ways.

great seller!!! the phone was just what I expected. I had trouble w the chip, which is mini and different of what I had, but they were very nice to me and explained me what to do. Great phone and it works great. Thank you.

Hi,After waiting for a long time, i bought samsung galaxy s3 when the rate was below $600. I bought unlocked mobile without checking the model. (thinking that there is only one model). My intend was to buy QuadCore processor but ended up buying dual core processor. When i enquired it, i learned that there are many models in S3 and i bought SGH-T999 which is dual core and locked mobile. Mostly, mobile manufactured in China, seems to be not working correctly. Looks like this product is not genuine if it is manufactured in China. Hence i returned back the mobile.My suggestion is to buy this mobile after checking twice or thrice with the seller. There are lot of models of S3 out there in market. Buy the correct one.

I think the phone is a good phone but the seller on Amazon give me a bad deal with the phone because it is not holding the charge for any long period of time.

as  to  the unit, i am enjoying now...love it....most  esp the camera not to mention its applications....very  useful ....unfortunately my  headphone hasnt arrive  yet because thats the  only item that was not working well...i  ended  up  buying new  set....to  sum it all, the  s3 phone  is really amazing

This phone is great! Lots of features and Apps. It came on time, unlocked and ready to use here in Mexico. I took the Sim card from my iPhone 4s and inserted it along with a 64 GB SD card and turned on the phone and it has worked flawlessly on the Telcel network.Amazon did a great job.The only phone for me!

I haven't found a single flaw with this phone so far. I'm not going to go through all the functions because they're easily searchable, but they all work as advertised. The screen is very big, some people say too big, which seems ridiculous because its not like Samsung hide the screen dimensions until you buy the phone, the exact dimensions are available to everybody. The size and weight are well balanced and it fits nicely in the hand.And for all the people that complain that the phone breaks when you drop it onto concrete. Phones are not made to be dropped on concrete, it's not Samsung's fault that you dropped your phone. If they were to make the S3 as big as it is with an aluminium case you'd be complaining that phone is too heavy, if you're clumsy buy an iphone.

I got this phone (not from Amazon but directly from Verizon) and I just thought it would be fair to warn people that its a glorified iPhone.  I have had it a month and I got it as my eligible upgrade became aviable.Pros:1  Camera is awesome.Cons.1  If you are used to a keyboard the texting sucks.  The autocorrect must be in a different language because it changes words to ones I have never heard of before.2  Cannot send video files of any size unless you reformat them (and they look horrible)3  The worst thing about the phone is the Verizon 4G service.  Sure, 4G is good when it works, but when it doesn't (which is still more than half the country), you wont be able to use the internet or send email.  Verizon told me "this will change as 4G technology develops."  WTF??!Everything special about this phone (except the camera) my Droid 2 had.  And that phone actually worked better.

Well it will be a shame comparing this monster to the iPhone.Apart from the shape and design (which we may disagree upon) it beats it in every shot.Looking forwards for the upcoming S IV

Excelente telefono, procesador super rapido, facil de manejar, gran cantidad de apps dise&ntilde;adas para android entre otras, Lo recomiendo plenamente,Mauricio from Ecuador

This phone is vastly superior to the iphonepros1 huge screen2 fast processor3 a real accurate gps4 micro usb is really common5 it workscons1 you need to buy an app to sync with mac i used isyncr it is 3.99 on google play2 the multitasking isn't quite as good as IOS but it is still useable

Good seller, i am sure it's not the seller's fault, it just stopped working after 3 days, the screen went dark, but it still rang. they were nice enough to refund the money with a hefty re-stocking fee.

Una obra de arte, lo amaran. El iphone es juguete al lado de esta maquina.A masterpiece, you will love it. The iphone is a toy beside this machine.

Please do not consider buying this phone or buying from this seller.i purchased this phone and was told that it comes with an international warranty .But it all turned out to be a LIE.The phone worked well for 4 months and then it went all bad..It became unusable.Then I realised that the international warranty thing was a big fat lie just to sell. And when I informed the seller about it.. He was really least bothered.He hardly replied to my mails properly. And hence I am stuck with this unusable phone for over 3  months since I am not living in USA..So think twice before buying this phone or buying from this seller

We bought S3 phones a week ago and I feel like my life is changed! I had Android before but the large screen is so much more efficient. Basically I wanted a mini tablet and that's what I got. It's fast, battery life efficient, very sharp image and lightweight.I bought the blue color and my fianc&eacute; got the white. We thought the pebble blue looks more purple so I got that color and love it! It looks better than the white but it's more feminine color so I wouldn't suggest it for a guy. Pebble Blue is more of a brush metal look in a periwinkle color. Best phone I've ever had and it was great to spend the last week on vacation learning how to use/set-up this awesome phone!

Fantastic smartphone. The best one. Much better than iphone 4s (i had one).Sorry about my english, i'm from brazil.

I did not really consider the consequence of having ordered an international version of the phone. This made me a little nervous once it had been shipped. So far, there is no problem at all. For others.considering this type of phone be aware that you will need an international SIM card. The SIM is smaller than the US version. I was able to order a new SIM from ATT at no charge (surprisingly). I do not have it yet. The phone is supposed to be factory unlocked and I am going to assume that it is. I will not be able to verify it until I get the SIM.The phone  (being an international version) uses French rather than English as the default language but I was able to navigate.it with little problem.I like the phone very much so far. The keyboard is easy to use, the back cover snaps off and on easily. I like the weight and the way it feels.

I purchased this Galaxy s3 i9300, not researching the word in discription &#34;INTERNATIONAL&#34;, big mistake on my part. The phone would only work with a 2G or the Edge networks. I wanted 4G.

its an excellent phone it came in time but in the review it never says that it is a french phone and that it came with aplications of the french carrier, also it cames with the european charger (they put an american charger converter so its a point for them).its a very good service and a very good divice

excellent device, working perfectly in Brazil.Recommende for sure.recommend would definitely know how to buy the site to deliver in Brazil

I've gone through droids like no other. Each one has given me a less than one year lifespan. So I figured if Samusung makes good TV's I'll go ahead and gie the phone a shot. So far this phone is fast, functions well, has great memory, decent battery life, and hasn't froze on me. I wold recommend a case though. In all, good phone with some pretty cool features.

Fast, slim, light, beautiful, easy to use. This device is great! It took me several months to decide wich phone to buy. After so much comparison and investigation I definitly  got the best.

This phone suddenly stop working one minute, this is a common problem with this model, I tried to use the warranty and Samsung Latinoamerica just told me that they can't accept my phone because it has a scratch on the plastic and the Warranty is voided.If you are thinking about this phone please buy a HTC. Much better quality!!!

Just love it. Still going through the process of learning how to appreciate all the features it has come with. One complain I have. The Quick Guide booklet suggested to go on the Samsung website and download the user manual. I tred that several times and have not been able to do so. The site directs you to everything else including washing machines, vehicles etc. and no manual. That I found to be very disappointing, as I was hoping to obtain as much info as possible relating to the use of the phone.

Muy Buen telefono, lo recomiendo. Ligero y potente. Mejor que el iphone 5. Tengo el blanco y el azul y son muy elegantes.

. This phone not only met my expectation, but exceeded it. It is very easy to use and is built rather sturdy.

The phone was unlocked, so I simply took it to the store for the plan I wanted. They inserted a new SIM card, and it works great. Came with US and international plug for the charger, so that was a bonus.

At first, I thought this phone was great.  However, with every update, it becomes more and more useless.  Free apps disappear, only to be replaced with ones that will cost you money every month if you wish to use them properly.  Oh, sure, they offer "free but limited" use (which means you can't use it as you'd like.  For THAT privilege, you have to pay.)  Do yourself a favor and find something that isn't a Samsung.  I have 18 months before I can dump this piece of junk.

The Samsung Galaxy S III is by all means the best phone on the market. I will say however, there are some things that could use some improvement. Overall, awesome phone and would encourage all to buy it. Here are a few things I like, and a few that I don't:Battery Life (4 Stars) Just need to learn how to adjust your settings to maximize.When I received my shiny new phone three months ago after signing up with Sprint, I was a little disappointed with the battery life right off the bat. When I get a new phone, I spend way too many hours learning the new device, trying out all its cool new features and downloading countless apps. It didn't take long before I realized I was doing something wrong when my battery wouldn't last me through the day. The S3 advertised better battery life and talk time than any other smartphone on the market. This was one of the main reasons I bought the thing, so it was very frustrating to have it dying on me so quickly. Luckily, the S3 has a handy feature that allows you to easily look at what apps are draining your battery life. I found that my charge was draining before my very eyes because I had my personal and work email accounts syncing way too frequently. Now I set it up so that refreshes at specific times, which change depending on time of day and day of the week.Android Version (4 Stars) Outdated, but so is every other phone on the market.In my opinion one of the biggest fall backs of them all is that the machine is still running Ice Cream Sandwich (v. 4.0.2). If the S3 really is the phone of the future, why isn't every phone company jumping at the chance to get Jelly Bean (v. 4.1/4.2) on this device. It is important to note that there is a very small percentage of Android users currently using Jelly Bean, so it is not old news just yet.Text Identification (3 Stars) Inaccurate and causes errors, latest update helped some.The text identification features are not what I would expect from a phone like this. My 1st generation touch screen phone did this better than the S3. Things like capitalizing the letter "I" when it stands alone seem obvious, but the automatic changes do not take place on this phone. Other examples include auto punctuation of conjunctions and capitalization of proper nouns. The auto correct is shotty and does not catch much of anything worth while. The latest update has helped some, but still much room for improvement here. It would be nice if they had an easy way to put in punctuation without switching back and forth between alphabet and numerical text entry screens all the time.Talk-to-Text (4 Stars) Awesome feature but struggles at first, betters with age.The talk-to-text feature is incredibly helpful for texting on the go. You can use this feature anywhere you would type text. It is a little difficult at first, and it may not always pick up your words, but it will get better with time and practice. The machine just needs to learn your speech patterns and it will get better at learning how you talk as time goes on.S Voice (5 Stars) Galaxy could kick Siri's butt any day of the week.Just hit the home button twice, and up pops S Voice, Google's retort to the Siri function on iphones. Her name is Galaxy and she is just as good as Siri, if not better. Ask her to do anything from setting an alarm for you to citing the capital of Michigan. Just visit one of the helpful forums that give a lot of tips and tricks.Motions & Gestures (5 Stars) Cool new ways to easily complete tasksMake sure you check out all the cool motions and gestures that you can do to easily navigate and complete tasks. They found an innovative way to make shortcuts with ever dwindling buttons. The tutorials when you first get your phone do an excellent job of introducing you to these nice shortcuts.

Love this phone! I switched from a Droid 2 Global with slider keyboard to this phone because I have been using my phone for tv-viewing on HULU plus, Netflix, and other apps like those daily. I wanted a bigger screen size and better quality resolution of the video image. I was not disappointed. The camera is fantastic too! The photos come out great and anything I view looks clear and bright. One let down was that they kept advertizing that you can minimize your video and txt, email, browse, while continuing to watch. Don't be fooled: it is only videos you watch in their native viewer and does not work with Hulu and Netflix, etc. Oh well. Small sacrificed on my expectations for a great phone. Oh, and the Google Play Music Cloud is AMAZING! I uploaded my 3,000 songs to the cloud and can now listen to them anytime from anywhere without taking up storage space on my phone.Seller was also very responsive, helpful, and quick!

Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone...THE BEST.  killer smartphone.  excellent product.arrived ok as expected. product and timing ok. ok . . . . . .

Doesn't charge and when it does in less then 15min it says low battery!!!:/ and that really upsetting and disappointing

The phone works very well until now, but the box gives the impression that it has been opened before, since the paste had a label had been removed and another was placed on another side of the same

After a 7 year commitment to Apple, my sister talked me into trying the Samsung Galaxy S3. I bought the phone and have been HOOKED! The possibilities are endless!! I feel so unlimited with this phone. I'm not tied down by most apps and the android app store is amazing. I was a little worried I would be less-than-impressed with GooglePlay but its just as great as iTunes. And did I mention the screen is bigger? This is so helpful!

I've had the phone for a few days now, here's whats up.Pros:beautiful design and giant screenblazing fast 4G and processorcustomize everythingbattery life is incredible. lasts all day with heavy uselight weightCons:camera sometimes seems to have trouble focusingvolume rocker and power button on direct opposite sides (who thought this was a good idea??)s voice is useless, but jellybean update will take care of that

It is a great device. It didnt get 5 stars because some of the apps aren't available in my geographical area.

This item doesn't have any kind of warranty. I bought it just 6 months ago from Amazon.com, because I needed an unlocked phone as I use two sims from two different countries. And it just died for no apparent reason. I contacted Samsung USA, however, I was told that as it was an international version not sold in the US it wasn't supported either! They proposed me to contact Samsung UK. Samsung UK told me since I bought the phone in the US they couldn't support me with any warranty, and to go check witn US Samsung, which I previously asked and was told to go to Samsung UK, so I got in that loop, hence leaving my phone without any warranty no matter what country I am. I just lost my $700 usd I spent in this item!!!! Samsung Galaxy S3 has been having lots of hardware problems, to fix mine will cost $500 usd to replace the motherboard not worth it!!! WARNING!!!Check for "Samsung Galaxy S3 Sudden Death Syndrome" before considering to buy this phone.

It Works perfectly! I brought it to Venezuela and everything is perfect! Im very excited with this new pone. Very good

I'm completely in love with my cute Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone. It's awesome!!! Very light and incredibly beautiful! It's working perfectly in Brazil!

I have had the Galaxy S3 for over a year now and I love it more and more every day.  I manage all of my business and personal communications as well as Facebook Pages.

Producto lleg&oacute; s tiempo y en buenas condiciones y si lo pudee ocupar en mi pa&iacute;s lo que quiere decir que si esta desbloqueado para utilizarlo con cualquier opersdoforavde telefon&iacute;a en cualquier pa&iacute;s

My Advice is DON"T get the Samsung Galaxy phone.  I made a mistake of buying a Galaxy S3 phone a few months ago and I regret that decision ever since.Here are SOME of the problems I've been having with this phone:1) the battery has a very short life. If I don't use the phone by the afternoon it is low battery and by the evening it is dead. And it takes a LONG time to charge the battery. It is a very slow process.  And have to charge the battery all night long and any time I get a chance during the day.2) The screen is nearly impossible to see when out side in daylight. I have set the brightness to the maximum, and have disabled all auto adjust, it is still very dark gray background in the day light and I Just can't see the screen. It is very frustrating.3) The silent mode, it is very hard to set, but it sometimes goes on silent or comes out of silent mode by itself.4) Almost ALL the apps on this phone don't work.. for example the phone app gets stuck sometimes and does not receive any new mail, but it does not gives you any indication that something is wrong.  It may be hours or days before you know something is wrong. And the solution (according to the at&t; representative) is to remove the mail software and reinstall it.4) Most of the GPS apps don't work properly. I use an app when I go hiking that keeps track I where I have been and how far I have walked, but most often it takes 45 minutes to get the GPS signal, By them I'm I my way back and it is of very little use to me.5) the on/off button and the sound +/- are set in opposite side of the phone and in front of each other , as a result when I want to turn the unit off it also changes the sound. So the sound may go down to silent without noticing it.6) The ear piece has a rubbery piece around it that makes it sounds like you are hearing things under water. I finally got fed-up and took the rubbery piece off, bow it just scratchy and uncomfortable.7) Every once in a while the internet app, comes up with an ADD page that I have not found any way to get rid of it. The only thing that works is to close that page and start a new one, hoping that another add does not show up.8) LAST but not least is the sound quality. Unfortunately, we have our contract with AT&T; and the sound quality and OK at best. Most often is  very very poor.  But this is the AT&T; problem, We have complained before and they blamed it on the phone and wanted us to get a new phone, well, here is a new phone and the sound quality is not any better.Do yourself a favor and don't get a Samsung galaxy type phone.

niceee

Received the phone fast and without trouble. It was in mint condition and booted up perfected. Have now used it for around a month on a daily basis and it has not let me down in any way yet. Would definitely recommend this to others in search of a phone and place to buy. My only grievance was that the charger that came with the phone was with the European socket and that the adapter (nice gesture) that was there did not work. Fortunately my old phone was an Android as well and so the phone could still be charged. But since this was an "extra", it does not change how I feel about the phone.

This is from the perspective of a seven year old. This  smartphone is much like an iphone. Its very useful but, I think it should be smaller. Its great. I like to play games on it although gaming is prettier on the apple counterpart.

Tris is the best phone in this moment, have all function andas more, i recommended totally i hope continue perfect

I had got my Samsung Galaxy S3 a month ago from amazon...it was my first product to buy from amazon..and bought it from seller stylevie ...they packed and shipped it very carefully!!Now about the product...It was awesome phone to have...some what like little computer..lolSCREEN :Thanx to Gorilla glass...the scratches were not caught on screen atol..but better to have a screen protecter and a good case to avoid any damage..becoz i dropped it two times :P but nothing happened becoz of case :)TOUCH:The touch was buttery smooth u'll njoy it!!CAMERA:-The camera was also too good and take pictures very clearly and 1080p video quality was also excellent with continues auto focus (and can take good pictures while recording video).-The front camera also takes 720P video!!!!! :DBATTERY:It'll take around 2 1/2 (2.5 hrs)for fully charging from 0 to 100%...and it will be run for about 14hrs with more usage and it lasts for a day by normal usage....there was power saving mode option and u can increase its running time...HEATING UP:Not at all, u see S3 doest heat soo much as it was heated in S2....if u use mobile for hours by playing games ,watching videos or browsing net there will be a very little heat at downpart of the phoneSOFTWARE :As u know Icecream sandwich was really excellent and running good on s3 and the jellybean update will be coming in a few months too!!!!!!CONNECTIVITY :The bluetooth version is 4.0 which is very latest...there is wi-fi...u can connect to usb's using a USB on the go cable...and u can also connect to specially designed keyboards , mouse ,...etc.,PERFORMANCE :It is a quad core processor!!!! no lags atol and and it was smooth while scrolling even more than dozen of apps are running... :DFEATURES:-It has many features like s-voice , s-beam , pop-up play etc., The S-voice was also good like apple's siri :)-The S-beam was also good ....and i like very much the feature called pop up play....u can pop up video that is playing and u can keep the video any where u want on the big screen.It was not laggy and was so smooth to move over the screen and can simultaneously can do texting browse net etc.,-when we open video player u can see thumbnails playing a little preview of video and u can easily select the video u  want :)-samsung touchwiz also very good :)-slide ur hand on screen and take screenshot-tap on top to move to top of the list u r scrolling , smart stay , Direct call....what can i say there were many features like these..! :DDISPLAY :It was 720P resolution display which is very nice to view videos,while playing games etc.,...however in sunlight there will be little dissapointment...but keeping the brightness to full u can see even bright light :)APPS:U have tons of apps in google play store...and the HD games which have more size also run very smooth.. :)STORAGE:I have 16gb internal memory(11Gb available for storage) which is enough :)But i bought another 32GB external memory card...now my storage was huge(48GB)!!!!!!!while installing apps..app2sd was not working at present which is used to install apps to sd cardso i loaded music videos and other stuff to sd card and installed apps on phone memory so that i can manage perfectly :)POCKETABILITY:The S3 was a big phone .its about 5 inch mobile ....first i doubted whether it fits perfectly in my pocket...when i kept my phone in pocket(jeans or normal) it fits perfectly!!!! The phone was thin and happily fits in pocket no worries :)Finally i can say onething Samsung Galaxy S3 was an awesome phone to have and its a Beast!!!!!!!!!! :D :)

This phone does not work with Mac computers - connected via USB cable.  The downloaded driver and other directions from Samsung do not help at all.  I am using OS 10.8 and the phone has the latest Android 4.0.4.  I tried everything and looked on the web to correct the issue or work around it.  No luck.  Without such connection it is difficult to load any music on the phone.  Moreover if your car has USB connector to your sound system, most likely connecting this phone will not work on it as well.  It is really a shame because the phone is really sleek and nice, great responsiveness and good design.  Sorry but I am going to return the item and wait for iPhone 5 which hopefully, will save me all this headache.

amazing item ad and excellent gift to give to any body and looks very fine article to buy any time, and excellent gadget

Given the track record of the Samsung Galaxy S series, it is no wonder the latest edition to the line has been the talk of the Android town. With a recent international release and a US launch right around the corner, we took some time to get acquainted with the Samsung Galaxy S III and put it through its paces.The US version of the phone, which for the first time is identical on all major carriers including Verizon, AT&T;, Sprint, and T-Mobile, differs slightly from its international counterpart in the hardware department, featuring a dual-core Snapdragon S4 processor as opposed to a quad-core Exynos chipset, but despite the CPU swap, the phone benefits from 2GB of RAM and LTE/HSPA+ 42 (depending on carrier) connectivity.HARDWARE:If you are looking for top-notch hardware, look no further than the Samsung Galaxy S III. Its spec sheet puts it on par with recent heavy weights like the HTC One X and easily place it amongst the most powerful devices on the market. The phone's hardware is built up around two cornerstones: a 1.5GHz dual-core Snapdragon S4 processor and a gorgeous 4.8-inch Super AMOLED HD display. Throw in 2GB of RAM and you are dealing with just about the smoothest Android 4.0 experience on the market.DESIGN:The Galaxy S III keeps things relatively simple. An 8.6mm profile appears all the thinner thanks to some well-place curves while a metallic bezel breaks up any sharp lines (the Pebble Blue color scheme seems apply named as the phone gives off the appearance that it has been gently shaped by nature, much like a rock at the bottom of a riverbed). You won't find many ports, only a microUSB connection for charging. With available adaptors it can also act as an HD video output. A power on/off/standby button and volume rocker are the only two physical keys aside from the standard Galaxy S III home button.Yes, the Galaxy S III home button is back, which means Samsung has opted to not go with Android Ice Cream Sandwich's software navigation keys.  The physical home button is flanked by two capacitive buttons, one that will call up the "Menu" functions and the other operating as the "Back" key. These keys are backlit and light up only when touched (the time-out can be adjusted or set to always on). We'll get to how Samsung has handled Android 4.0&#8242;s multi-tasking function in the `Software' section.An 8MP camera handles picture and video, which can be recorded in full 1080p HD. The rear sensor is equipped with a flash and auto-focus capabilities and supplemented by a front-facing camera for vanity shots and video calls.As benchmarks will attest to, the average person won't notice much of a difference between the quad-core and dual-core versions of the GS3. In fact, owners of the dual-core version get a few added bonuses in the form of an additional gig of RAM and the ability to utilize the latest 4G networks. Verizon, Sprint, and AT&T;'s versions of the phone are equipped with LTE while T-Mobile operates on HSPA+ 42, meaning data speeds will be top-notch no matter what network the phone is activated on. Quality may be influenced by the particular carrier, but the phone's hardware provides solid, clear audio during calls.SOFTWARESamsung has not only gone to great lengths to offer one of the most impressive pieces of Android hardware we have ever seen, but also to add a level or richness to the Android operating system itself. Based around Ice Cream Sandwich, a new generation of Samsung's TouchWiz interface has been enhanced with human interaction in mind. Not only are we introduced to new gestures such as the ability to place the phone to your ear while viewing a text message to initiate a call or to pan between homescreens by moving the phone left or right, but Samsung has also made using the smartphone a more social experience with some new sharing features.NFC is utilized to both network devices for sharing photos and video, but also to take advantage of new Samsung's new TecTiles, which we have covered previously. Group sharing allows one user to stream a presentation, video, or photo to multiple handsets, while AllShare lets users send content to a television set or share files between a PC and their phone. Sharing even extends into the phone's camera.If that's not enough, Samsung has also included the new S Voice application, which allows users to command their phone using only their voice. The service offers plenty of functionality and is right up there with Apple's popular Siri in terms of usefulness. S Voice can call up a weather report, perform a Google search, get direction, or compose a text message with ease.Add in a customizable launcher bar, lockscreen shortcuts, and toggle switches in the notifications pane to control WiFi, Bluetooth, Airplane Mode and more, and Samsung has just about covered anything. Well, except for multi-tasking, which, for whatever reason, is now accessed by long-pressing the physical home key. We can understand why Samsung might want to strive for consistency and keep the phone's trademark home button, but why they decided to forego Android 4.0&#8242;s new set of navigation buttons (back, home, and multi-tasking), has me scratching my head. Multi-tasking still functions as it should, but as one of the central features of Ice Cream Sandwich it is a bit surprise that Samsung has placed it on the back burner, so to say.CAMERA:You want great pictures and even better features from your smartphone camera? Again, the Galaxy S III has you covered. The 8MP camera provides excellent photo and video, while an new capabilities make taking and sharing the results even easier than ever.While I was impressed with the results, things like Share Shot and Buddy Photo Share seal the deal. With Share Shot a group of Galaxy S III handsets can be linked over a wireless network to automatically share photos between devices as they are taken. Buddy Photo Share uses facial recognition to tag people from your contacts list in your photos automatically, allowing you to easily share pictures with your friends in them.Video mode has a few cool new features, including the ability to seamlessly snap photos while taking video (something we first same in HTC Sense 4.0) and a focus lock mode that keeps the camera trained to a certain focal point no matter where you move it, bringing professional level control over the final result.CONCLUSION:Consider me impressed. Even with a bit of apprehension about previous incarnations of the TouchWiz interface, Samsung still managed to deliver an intuitive and natural Android experience on top of hardware that really has no comparison (other than perhaps the HTC One X).

I already had some pretty high expectations when purchasing the GS3.  I had heard great things, but I had never used a Samsung phone.  I previously owned an iPhone 4 and was simply tired of Apple trying to disguise lack of innovation with their typical marketing gimmicks.  Here's what I thought about the GS3: The screen is bigger, it already can operate on 4G networks, the operating system was just as fast (if not faster) as iOS and the camera took great quality pictures.  The Android system sticks with Google Maps, which Apple decided to abandon this time around, and you see where that got them.  And here's the kicker: The international unlocked version of this phone was nearly $200 dollars cheaper than the iPhone 5.So far I have only discovered one shortcoming.  When using S-voice the phone's data plan needs to be enabled or you must be connected to wifi.  I'm not sure why this is necessary as some of the voice commanded functionality does not require Google.  For example, 'Send message to Steve: Why doesn't S-voice work when I'm not connected to the internet?' This message would elicit the automated voice (from the drone woman living inside the phone) saying 'Network unavailable.'  Again, this is the only disappointment thus far.Overall I do not even slightly regret my purchase decision.

Everybody enjoys upgrading their phone or we wouldn't upgrade, would we?  Of all my phone upgrades, this one is my favorite - from galaxy s2 toSamsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue).There is a huge improvement in wait time at boot up and that includes comparison with other phones that don't have carrier software/bloatware.  Overall, my expectations have been more than exceeded in the areas of:speedresponsegorgeous screen giving better google navigation experience as well as movies, etc.better size and shapefeels more durable and less like plasticimproved intuitivenessI let google and amazon backups restore/install to my new phone and everything was seamless except for one thing.  Where oh where did the microphone key go on the keyboard?  I love to dictate just about everything!  oh no!  It took me 30 minutes to find the answer.  Hold down the settings key, until you see the microphone key.  Select the microphone key and now the microphone key is where it is supposed to be on the keyboard and one must remember that if you want to change keyboard settings, you must hold down the microphone key until you see the settings icon key to select.This phone requires a micro SIM and I let a friend with a micro SIM cutter cut it rather than following the YouTube videos on how to cut yours with a knife or scissors.  The micro SIM cutter looks like a hold bunch and really makes sure everything goes well.  Amazon sells them as wellNoosy [2nd Generation] Micro SIM Cutter, with 2 SIM adapters (Color: Black or Silver)and/oriCoolkit New iPhone Nano SIM Card to Micro /Stander/ full SIM card Tray Adapter Holderwhich I think is well worth the money if you don't have a friend that already purchased one.I just adore how I can customize and optimize phone to my usage and preferences.With all my other upgrades, I have held the phone and asked myself "is this worth the $$$ to upgrade to this phone?" and after careful consideration I decide yes but just barely.  This upgrade, I immediately whole-heartedlly respond "best $500 I've spent in some time!"woweee!

I'm owner of one Pebble blue S3 i9300, everything was fine, but 2 months and half, touch buttons stop to work, the phone doesn't have warranty, and in one phone service shop I pay 20$ to repair it, and 10 days later buttons again stop to work, this is the problem of mine, but everything another is okay - it's onlock, it's i9300, was in perfect condition - like from store brand new. Peoples, you must to know, for this money, do not expect too much, if someone want to be like in store, to have warranty and to be unlock go in store and pay 100 dollars more :)

The phone have defective pixel and black spots on a dark background. Then, i contacted a seller (FGS Trading) and they ready to refund the purchase price, but not ready refund taxes and shipment (~300$) and they dont gave any solution to repair the phone. I contacted a Samsung in Israel, and they told me that is no international warranty at most of countries, include Israel. Now i regret that sold Iphone 4 and got this SHIT.

Muy buen producto, es un tel&eacute;fono muy completo, f&aacute;cil manejo y bonito dise&ntilde;o, definitivamente cumple con mis expectativas, lo recomiendo.

I have been using Samsung Galaxy SIII for more than 6 months now. There were some teething troubles in moving from iOS to Andriod. But over all Galaxy SIII is the best phone from android stable.- Fast- Gorgeous bright screen- Excellent camera with options for burst shoot, best photo etc- Customize this phone to your heart's content.- Battery life is good with aggressive battery management- I had better experience with S Voice than Siri but it is not as useful as the apple offeringand the other side of the story- Samsung should revamp their stock apps especially the email app. They simply don't measure up to iOS standards. But there are other apps available on android store.- Some of the stuff marketed by Samsung like Smart Stay etc. are not practical to use and not reliable enough- Overall less intuitive for an user coming from apple eco system after 5 years.

The phone delivered ahead of schedule by my vendor.Now on the product itself: Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S3.This is an European version and require correct adopter to recharge. Fortunately for me, I have an universal mobile charger that works on this phone as well.What I like about this phone: Fast, efficient speed processor.  Smooth and easy navigation.  The design is light and thin.  My hands are quite small and was reluctant of holding this size screen size phone when I got it a month ago.  Now, I became comfortable holding the Galaxy S3.I also liked the battery life-it last quite long.I am a T Mobile customer and still have 12  months left to fulfill my 2 year contract obligation.  I also found out through T Mobile technical support that my data will be around 2G~3G speed but that didn't stop me from purchasing the unlocked samsung Galaxy S3: I just didn't want to tie to a contract and I will stay with T Mobile after my contract is fulfilled.  For what I do, the data speed was not that bad and I use primarily in wifi environment.What I don't like and would like to improve: the screen is quite dim-the Iphones screen display is better in my opinion and that is why I gave 4 star out of 5.

If you buy this item, beware that Samsung support is REALLY BAD! Read on...I got a Galaxy Note about one year ago from Amazon. It broke twice in less than one year.Since I live in Brazil, I first contacted Samsung Brazil for support. Samsung Brazil said it is not their problem, as long I got the device from a US store.I then contacted Samsung support for the USA. Samsung US said it is not their problem, as long it is an international version of the device.I finally contacted Samsung Korea. Guess what. They said that, since I live in Brazil, it a problem for Samsung Brazil, not Samsung Korea.As a result I have a non working Galaxy Note in my desk for about 3 months now!!!What a lousy post-marketing strategy (if any)!!!!

Okay, I was a bit skeptical when ordering this phone, for one I did not want to be ripped off buy the seller. overall I was just scared that I would be blowing $650.00 for the phone.I ordered the phone on the 9th of July 2012 and I received it on the 11th of July(express shipping of course) and I was so pleased with the delivery time, it got to me a day earlier. The phone is awesome. I was scared at first when my old SIM car would not fit but thanks to the help of youtube you can cut down your SIM card into a micro SIM card (no guarantees) but luckily it did work.I contacted the seller and within 10 minutes I got a response.( I contacted the seller cause I could not get my SIM card in the slot so I thought I got a bad phone but then I realised that is how the phone is made, just like the  Iphone 4s it requires a micro SIM card which you should be able to get from your service provider.)So if you ever doubt ordering something so expensive. This review is for youIt came neatly packed, with headphones, charger, manual and the phone of course.So far the phones performance has been spectacular, the S voice is incredibly amazing and much more improved from the galaxy S 2. The graphics is also very great. In terms of battery performance its okay for a phone that has high performance, but if you have a car charger and one at home you should be good to go.You wont regret it!!!!

excellent and very good product recommended, 100% quality samsung best, for now is a cell that is in competition with other telephony

The phone that I received from TJ Global was defective.  It had water damage and was a European only version.  Since this is a product review, I feel bad giving a product a bad rating because of a bad personal experience based on the failure of the supplier, but I also feel that it needs to be known that you are taking the risk of getting a bad device by ordering it through this page.TJ Global listed this device as, &#34;New, in box&#34;.  When I got the box, it was made to look as if I was getting a brand new phone.  It was sealed with factory looking stickers and everything.  No where on the box did it state that the phone was used or refurbished.  The one thing that it did state clearly on the box was, &#34;European Version Only&#34; in large letters, and then a long explanation about how the phone will only work with European sims cards.  When I opened the box and got the phone out, the first thing I noticed was noticeable scratches on the case of the phone.  I was put off, but I thought, &#34;Oh well, as long as it works.&#34;  I took it down to AT&T; to get a micro sims card for it and that is when the service rep showed me the water sensor in the phone which indicated that the phone had been in the water.  Try as she might the service rep could not get the phone to accept the AT&T; sims card.The Galaxy S3 may be a great phone; I don't know.  What I do know  is that I would never order an S3 through here.  I understand that a mistake can happen, but to advertize a used damaged product as &#34;New in Box&#34;, and then try to disguise it as a new product is outright lying and false advertizement. And this is not to mention the unbelievable stupidity of importing a phone to the US that can only be used in EUROPE!  I guess the person who packaged my phone must have been blind or something.  The bottom line is, this kind of thing should not happen on Amazon.com.  Sellers like this should be banned from selling on here, unless of course amazon does not care; in which case they can take part of the blame for my experience.

I'd be lost without this phone it's like having a phone it's like having a computer in my pocket :D

I got this bc I was going for a world trip and it worked everywhere without having any trouble. Fast and got all my updates. Then I end up giving it to someone in India and it works fine. Thank you so much. I thought I rate this one but really sorry for the late review

I actually enjoyed my galaxy s3 immensely.But after eight months it simply died without warning. Look it up: it's the galaxy sudden death syndrome.This is especially common in this specific model with 16GB.NO ONE IS TAKING RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIS.Not surge telecom. Not Samsung. Not Amazon.Money down the drain.I'm never buying Samsung again.

Excelente! 100% recomendado, operaci&oacute;n garantizada, con equipo contaba con sus respectivos precintos de seguridad,  resguardado. Gracias. Saludos cordiales desde Venezuela.

I am unable to use this phone on my Sprint network. Even though it is a international phone Sprint uses no sim card

Es mucho mas que un tel&eacute;fono, sus aplicaciones son fantasticas, es r&aacute;pido, estable y tiene excelentes gr&aacute;ficos. Fu&eacute; una buena compra.

Perfect phone. It's fast, light and has a very good battery life. It's 32GB as mentioned... Not 16gb with a 16gb sd card.

This phone has a Pentile display. For every day stuff it's fine. BUT if you plan on using your phone to do a lot of reading then stick to the S II or another phone. I went back to the S II after having difficulties reading for an extended period of time on this display.

compre este cel q era liberado internacionalmente y jamas fue asi funciona solo con movistar y no era el gt i 9300 si no el 747 no los recomiendo y vienen sin audifonos y pare de contar para no darles mas detalles!q buy this cel was released internationally and was never so works only with movistar and i was not the gt 747 9300 if not not recommend headphones and go without having to stop and not give more details!

Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International, only work good for a year, now present failed with the wifi

I owned a blackberry before I switched to the galaxy 3 and I'm never going back.  This is the best smartphone out there. The thing that caught my attention first was the large screen, this phone feels great in your hands and is easy to use.The only complaint I have is the battery life  but that could be my fault cause I cant put it down ;)This phone is a great buy!

Recib&iacute; mis tel&eacute;fonos con las especificaciones descritas en los art&iacute;culos del vendedor, en perfectas condiciones,se los recomiendo a todos 100%

Would not recommend it.Heats up after 1 minute of video or phone call.Not as fast as I expected it to be.

Excellent product, the product is as it as it was published, I had no problem with it and it works great, just had to putting on the sim card, fully recommended, no complaints, thank you very much

This review is for both the phone and the store.after 4 hours of using the S3, the phone fell from me and the screen is not working any more.It was an easy fall though.The store:-I contacted the store directly. They direct me to CPR store in mountain view,CA and they told me that the store will fix it for free if it is not a physical damage. but guess what, the technician said we do not know them!!!!!!- I ask them if i can take it to samsung US they told me you can. when i contacted samsung US,They said they do not support the international phone version.- I contacted Hassel free again they said ooh you should contact Samsung UK :(Samsung:-I contact samsung US they said that the phone is not under thier warranty, they support only the phone that is only for the US market?? "I think what i have is a samsung phone" and they gave me a number to contact.guess what the number was fake!!! hahahaha- I go to chat with their ******* support team, they direct me to samsung India.- Samsung India said we do not support the device hahahaha.- I contacted the store again and they direct me to samsung UK.samsung UK told me to send the device to UK whith me paying for the shipping?? what a customer service.the conclusion is the follwing:- The store FOOL US on not showing that the device is supported ONLY in UK.- Samsung customer service IS Horrible, why do not they support their products where ever it is purchased from.ALL of the above is documented if any one need to learn about the issue furthermore.

I've received the item yesterday and was really disappointed. The manufacture seal was broken and I can't accept it. It's a rule. I ordered the brand new one, so it must be sealed. I am returning the phone, unfortunately.

EL producto llego al timepo estimado, sin ningu problema, nuevo y con los sellos de nuevo, que garantiza lo original del producto

I was wondering if you can use this phone for T-Mobile prepaid company , because it doesnt say that on the title so i would like to know

I got this phone about a month ago, but this was better than I expected. It feels awesome in my hand and heaps better than iphones since it has a large screen big enough watch anything. I would rate this five stars but unfortunately it has poor battery life but the extended version is better. The battery uses up its life even if you don't use it. But this is such a great with many abilities its such a great phone

no fault in phone but charger fail it...charger take alot of time to charge....i love the phone but hate the charger...

I had bought this phone used from a seller called &#34;Sale_MS&#34;Although it does work, the phone I received was no more than a Chinese clone of the Galaxy S3. I discovered this when at first it could not be detected by my computer and only had 2GB of storage space. Second, the dead-giveaway was the Android version. The phone I received was running Android Version 4.1.9! This version is not a real licensed Android version! Make sure you don't buy a fake phone and have to waste your time *trying* to get it returned. If you are buying used, make sure you contact your seller beforehand!

Based on the battery life along, this phone is not worth buying. I installed a program to monitor the battery life. Even with this activated, the battery can die in less than 10 hours. My iPhone 4 never had this problem. Watching videos is great on this product, however, with low battery life, this doesn't equate to much. If the phone had a decent battery life, I would still give it about 3.5 stars purely based on it's constant freezing and shutting down applications.

This phone is great, but i have a complain... i live in south america where this pone works excellent. But i usually go to USA for bussines and this phone is banned on Tmobile so i cant use with my line. Very dissapointed with that.

Can someone who bought it tell me which processor comes with this phone right here?.. i just want to clear the confusion. I need the Quad-core version!"

I am amazed by the power of my Galaxy S3.It is as flexible as a PC Windows computer, you just drag and drop files to its directory, and run the appropriate apps to use it, music, movies, all work great. It is a perfect complement to my Windows 7 computer. In a Iphone, all transfer must be done using Itunes, and it is very limited and frustrating-One of the best uses I can do is using this phone to download movies, music, and youtube videos, then when I am back home, transfer the files back to my Windows PC using simple drag and drop with windows explorer. Amazing! You cannot do it with Iphone, no way! You have no limitations using Galaxy 3.Android is based on Linux, and Linus is based on Unix, its power is astounding and amazing in the Galaxy S3. I tried and ran the old DOS Foxplus and Microsoft Foxpro database program in it, using a DOS emulator, and they ran perfectly, no problems! Better if you download a transparent keyboard in the play store. Amazing!Sometimes I wonder why Microsoft does not allow us to run in fullscreen our DOS programs  in Windows 7 and 8 like the Samsung Galaxy does. In this way, the universe of programs you can run increase dramatically. You can have both worlds, Unix( Anroid) and Microsoft DOS.Almost all the apps in the Play store are free, you can download the ones to suit your need. The selection of apps are comparable to IPhone IOS appstore. However, there are fewer games for the kids. But for adults, there are more, because adult apps are allowed. I spent more than a $1000 for apps for my IOS devices, and $0 for my Galaxy S3. There are many outstanding apps, including an amazing app for downloading Youtube videos at a speed faster than downloading a mp3 in a desktop PC, incredible!There are more beautiful apps for music and streaming using the Galaxy S3 than Iphone, because they are allowed and legal, and not allowed in the Itunes environment.Apple also made money from you by storage upgrade. In S3, upgrade using a 32 g. SDcard is just about 20-30 dollar, you have to pay more than $200 for a 64 g. Iphone.The processing speed of the CPU is faster than Iphone 4S, my Flipboard program run faster in S3. Most apps from the same vendors run better in Galaxy S3 than Iphone 4S, noticeably movie and music live streaming apps. I used this phone in America to streaming live tv program from China and Hong Kong, watch live soccer games from Spain and Europe, and streaming and downloading musics from other countries. Downloading a song of 4 mega is less than 10 seconds, faster than a desktop computer.However, I am a computer/math professional. From my point of view, Iphone is better for the majority of people for its easier user interface, Iphone just plug and play, need to learn nothing, Apple has done it fantastically to the mass with almost zero learning curve. Galaxy S3 is better for the professional who knows and understands computers and programming to exploit its resources. I spent some times exploring and learning my S3 interface and capabilities, at the beginning I was confused and lost!

EL EQUIPO LLEGO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES TOTALMENTE NUEVO, CUMPLE CON LAS ESPECIFICACIONES QUE OFRECE  EL VENDEDOR, ES RAPIDO, TRABAJA CON CUALQUIER OPERADORA AQUI EN VENEZUELA

I love this phone. It came as promised. The only problem I had was setting it up for my AT&T; network, something that was accomplished by going to settings, mobile networks, APN, new APN, and then entering the AT&T; setting already in my wife's phone. Any AT&T; store should be able to do the same thing for you for free in less than 5 minutes.Excellent service.

The phone suddenly die after 6 months it turn itself off and never came back on, good thing the warranty work

After a few weeks using the phone i can say, that this is very nice, powerful and pretty. The motion gestures are very nice for lots os things very well thought. The eye monitoring is helpful, the battery takes 1 and a half day easily full usage for work, but it can take longer a full business day even if you are a maniac =)

After 4 months, this phone decided to stop working. I called Samsung.com and they said they don't cover the warranty for international phone, so I later contacted the seller, Worldwide Distributors. They told me to contact Samsung.uk, even though I live in the U.S., but Samsung.uk refused to repair my phone since I live in U.S. They only offer assistance to people living in one of the EU countries. In other words, this product didn't have any warranty, and now Amazon cannot do anything to force the seller to offer me any kind of support. I spent countless hours trying to get my phone fixed, but I made the huge mistake to spend a lot of money on a defective phone without any type of warranty coverage. Wolrdwide Distributors is a a fraud and their team is very rude. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE FROM THEM OR ANY EXPENSIVE ELECTRONIC.

First, I'm sorry to say that amazon held back this review, as they somehow misunderstood and only thought that this is about the company. However, how the company operates affects the product, hence this is a review of the product and the problems I have with it.This review was originally posted 10.02.12.Review Title: NOT FACTORY UNLOCKED"The phone is unlocked, but ironically enough, it is not factory unlocked, although this is the only thing they chose to write in capital letters. When I turn on my phone I see the logo "Yes! Optus!", an Australian phone company[...] and this is also the case when I turn the phone off. I haven't fully explored this phone yet, but as this is signs of the phone not being completely wiped down and ready for unlocked use. I'm expecting problems down the way and when I do, I'll try to update this review. The price was a bit lower then everywhere else, so I was a bit suspicious. Received the phone in due time, so no troubles with shipment.UPDATE 02.28.13Since I chose to write a negative review of the company as well, I've was contacted by them. Their offers have been $40-$60 dollar gift card on amazon, and when i proposed that I deliver my phone to someone that could break it free or contacted yes optus, and have them do it on hasslefreecells bill, they did not respond to me.The logo itself is a minor issue. The main problem is that the phone is extremely slow. I've compared to my friends and the time it takes to access contact is around 2-3 seconds longer on my phone, although we have about the same number of contacts. This goes for any action on the phone. It might not sound as that much, but this is supposed feel like a great phone, not a slow old computer, that little by little waste away your time. Another issues is that is has aps from optus that keeps reinstalling themselves every time I get an update for my phone operative system. Some of them cannot be deleted.I've read some of the other reviews, which are quite positive. This only means that some of the jail-breakers they have know their job. However the phones are def. not factory unlocked and to pay 654.35 USD (this is what I paid) for jail-breaked SGS3, where some of them is really poorly jail-breaked, is an outrage! You might as well buy a locked one for next to nothing and then have someone else jail-break it, if that is what you wanted. That would have been one third of this price and it would be done properly.Do Not Buy this phone or any product from Hasslefreecell, they are not to be trusted.

This was my first smartphone other than my trusty Blackberry.  After much research, I settled on the S3, as it was advertised as already superior to the upcoming (at the time) iPhone 5.Now I am not a techie, and I have not installed any software or gimmicks that would mess with the programming.  My apps are pretty basic, including pdf reader, document reader etc.The problems:1. the phone restarts automatically without a warning.  My wife has the same problem, yes I was so impressed with the advertising that I had got her one at the same time.2. the phone takes time to respond.  If I want to make a phone call, I press the "Contacts" or the "Phone" icon, and then wait up to 5 seconds for the phone to respond.  Irritating.3. the phone goes to sleep and doesn't respond.  Just now, the screen went dark (it was fully charged so that so battery was not an issue), and the phone refused to wake up.  So out of curiosity I dialed my own number on my office land-line.  The call went through, and my land-line indicated that the S3 was ringing, but it wasn't ringing in my hand, the screen remained dark.  Then I took the battery out and restarted the S3.  This is not the first time that the screen went dark and I had to restart the phone to get it to work again.The battery life sucks, but that is entirely another matter.  This device just doesn't function as a phone.I know most people are happy with it, but I don't like it, and my wife is disgusted with it, as are a few of my friends.Now I am thinking of moving to the iPhone, I hear it is much more reliable, even though it is more expensive.

Awesome Phone!!!!It is actually unlocked...but...why if it's FACTORY unlocked it comes with Deustche Telekom (German T Mobile) content on it?

Battery life is the only thing that deserves improvement. Overall, it is na amazing device and I am very satisfied.

I bought this phone a few weeks ago. It came in perfect condition, everything works wonderfully and I jus love it! There are so many things you can do with I. I would definitely recommend  this phone to anyone.

I think that this is a great product, works great, all the apps runs quickly, the camera take great pictures.

I have major issues with the phone and I am out of the return policy.  I have a friend that has the same phone directly from tmobile and doesn't have the issues I have.  The issues I experience are1)  Drop Calls.  Don't use this phone to make calls2)  Battery Dies fast.  I thought it was the apps but I reset it and now it will go from 50% to turned off in a minute.3)  The screen is starting to die and flicker.I wouldn't NOT recommend this phone from this place.  They may have got a bad batch or something but it is terrible.

This phone was supposed to be factory unlocked, but is not, i have tried with 3 different simcard and still getting the NO SIM message.

Good product! Fast process four core! Battery long duration, according to specification to manufacturer, I recommend this product. Good price.

Nice phone with a lot of features that fit my needs for entertainment and for business. I just miss a MX Office application

The phone is awsome i love it...they delivered as per my expectations but it will be great if i received a cover and screen protector..i have to buy it ...

everything i ask it to do it does.  does not come with much instructions though. guess everything is on the phone

I am very happy with this phone, it works wonderful! The color is nice and the technology Nr. 1! A very good purchase!

the product is not as described, is not international version and European version is not unlocked, I had to pay extra in my country and use it to unlock

El mejor cel del mundo. Por lo menos hasta que tenga el S4... Muy buena atenci&oacute;n a la hora de la venta

I was on the verge of buying the new iphone but just couldn't stomach the price for the unlocked version. add the fact that Apple keeps changing its adapters (and the fact that it has become a me-too phone) and my attention started to stray. a colleague had just bought a new Xperia using Android 4.2 and i was amazed. Ultimately i decided on the S3 and I am in love with it. The speed, versatility, app selection, screen, storage, extra features, Samsung software - everything is amazing. I do like it better than my colleague's Xperia - the S3 usability is a bit better. I can't believe people are still buying iphones. Apple started the smartphone craze so they were the first, granted. They have great marketing but just a good product. Samsung S3 has good marketing but a great phone. Runs circles around the new iphone.

I'm using it for almost 8 months and just don't see any issues or troubles with the phone. The functionality is just what I need, screen resolution is enough for email reading and Internet browsing. Battery is strong enough to hold energy for a day of extensive use and charging with standard charger is fast enough. Gorilla Glass works as advertised - no scratches after usage in pretty severe conditions.The phone was also used during very cold season (average temp during winter minus 15 degrees, sometimes 20-25 below zero) - saw no glitches and battery also hold it's power.

Good  phone.  Just noticed slight change on swipe prediction since looks to me my gs2 was little bit more accurate in some instances,  although I cannot fully verify this.Better to get this one than att version,  even losing lte.

Buyers beware the phone is not supported by Samsung US. My just phone died after 5 months of use and now I have spent almost 5 hours of chatting and calling different folks from Samsung and no one would take responsibly. The seller should have mentioned this while selling the product.

It's amazing smart phone, i would recommended to buy to anyone, is better than the other. A little big screen but it's Ok

I feel really cheated this phone is not like being unlocked. brought no separate charger head. I really do not recommend a waste of money

I have the T-Mobile version and got it the week it was released. I've been using it for a few months now and I'm still totally in love with it. I love how fast it is and the pebble blue look. Customization is great on it and the tricks (like screenshot by swiping the side of your palm on the screen and moving icons to different pages by tilting the phone) are awesome. I've even gotten that free Cee-Lo Green song download from one of those NFC phone booth billboards lol Haven't really beamed much as sending pics in texts is just a habit now and having my friend and myself turn the beam feature on and off in order to share something is kind of annoying. Have successfully converted 3 of my iPhone-loving friends into getting the S3. :) Still discovering new things about the phone, hope we get Jelly Bean soon!

bad experience, does not work smartphones at & t data plan only with wi fi service at & t says 4g lte smartphones does not work, return the device, and I deducted $ 35 I guess for return policies,

Samsung sucks. Its not the phone you think it is. Dont buy it, buy apple. Did not like the phone

It worked perfectly even though I bought it in the States and I'm using it in Argentina...great phone I like it a lot

This phone has caused me so many headaches. I went with the S3 over other phones primarily because I had a large music collection that I wanted to be able to put on my phone. So imagine my dismay when I spend $50 on a 64GB microSD card, only to find that the phone will recognize the card about 10% of the time. 90% of the time the phone either doesn't register that a card has been inserted, or thinks the card is empty when it is not, or recognizes that the card has music on it but will give me an error every time I try to play a song. It's incredibly frustrating, and from reading forums online I can tell I'm not the only one who's had this issue.That I can stomach though. What kills me about this phone is that it doesn't even do normal phone stuff right. For example, when prompted to update my Android OS to 4.30 I said &#34;yes&#34; and the next thing I knew my phone was literally unusable. I couldn't receive calls, every time I sent a text my phone would freeze up, and my battery would only last a few hours. After doing a factory reset (which was a huge pain in the ass because it took me forever to back up all my data), the phone now makes calls and sends texts but still have horrible battery life. Some days I can't make it past noon before my phone battery dies.Don't get me wrong, when it's working fine this is a pretty good phone. The screen is good and it does a decent job of handling email, web browsing, twitter, texting, etc. But thanks to all the bugs and issues owning this phone has cause me headache after headache. I don't know who makes a better alternative, but for anyone thinking about getting a Galaxy S3 I highly recommend you explore some other options before you make a decision

don't like there is no way for me to upgrade the software.add less then a year  like the s3 but this one.

Before getting this phone, I have been an iPhone user since it was launched. I liked the ease of using the iphone but didn't like the fact that I didn't have flexibility in terms of adding memory or replacing battery. I didn't want to pay 100$ for 16Gb of memory when I can get it for $20. Also, the only problem I had with my iPhone was deteriorating battery life but there was no way of changing it expect paying the high charges. The intent of review is not to bash apple but as I have been an user I will compare the 2 phones. I have used the iPhone 4S, so can make a more recent comparison.- ease of useI think apple is still ahead in the area but not by much, There is a bit of learning curve with Android and it took me a couple of days to get used to it. Having said that, my 1 year old can unlock iphone but can't do the same with galaxy. Also, answering the phone is more intuitive on iPhone. However, one of the best features of galaxy is the drop down notification bar. I love that I can switch to the airplane mode or disable wifi w/o pressing 4 buttons. Also, iPhone fits better in smaller hands but for me galaxy is not a problem.- typingIf you have a smartphone, you will type and for me Samsung wins. The best feature is that it doesn't force auto-complete down your throat. It gives you word choices including what you are tying. I am bi-lingual and this is a great feature when I am using my mother tongue. Also, in the swype mode galaxy does a pretty good job of providing context based suggestions.- display and soundI don't care for retina display, galaxy is the winner for me. same for sound- battery lifethis is a tie. My wife's iPhone lasts longer even though she is a more heavy user but I can change mine :)- memory: samsung (read intro)- appsthis is a tie for me. I get most apps on both platforms and to be honest I am not a very app intensive person. I have about 25 apps in all- softwareiTunes wins, this isn't even a contest. Kies is pretty hopeless- photos:iPhone does a better job with stills and galaxy does a better job with movies. Galaxy really suffers when taking shots in the dark. The flash makes the pictures look a little weird color wise.- call qualitygalaxy is clearer for meOverall, I am having been using google products for many years now and for me android integration with google is a big plus.

I choosen this phone for the rate between price and spec. Also you will find cheaper covers than others phones. Do not receive G4, but in Argentina this service is not available so pay for a phone with G4 and not be able to use it is not and smart choice!

dear all,I bought this cell phone but i got shocked when i opened the box , the battery doesn't fit in phone , then i decided to buy another battery , another big shock is , i did not find any battery at battery shops , the seller said you must request it from amazon , i bought 3 battery for same model GT-19300 , but also doesn't fit , now i have owned this fake phone for 3 weeks , what should i do , can i return it back and i get my money back ?

Product exactly as described. I love using it. It was money well spent! I can't get enough of it and I would recommend it to everyone!

we took the phones down to Mexico unused and easily connected them with the local system, todo esta muy bien

Screen is large, but too bulky for pocket. Battery life has not been that great. Bluetooth seems buggy at times. The good is that it is reasonably fast browsing.

el que sabe de telefono inteligente sabe que trato de decir cunando me refiero que el mejor telefono que hay en el mercado

The phone is everything I expected and more, arrived within stated time.  It was my birthday gift and I am really pleased so far.

I bought this phone and paid for one day shipping. Took a week to show up. took this phone to my wireless provider and was told it was not supported by their system and was told only ATT was compatible. went home and started searching on the net and most reviews I found said it was not very compatible with ATT so returned phone

Samsung Galaxy S III phone is the best I ever had. Easy to use, efficient, very good price. I recommend

I bought this product for a friend abroad and he was totally impressed. It responded to all the tests of the genuine thing.Apparently cheap Samsung&#34; Clones&#34;  do not have widgets. This baby came through with flying colors at half the price. On behalf of my friend- this phone & Seller are the real Deal.



Phone arrived with a UK electric plug, nos plug so I can only recharge the phone by connect through a USB plug to a computer.After several attempts to deliver because there was no one to sign, I asked that they deliver without signature.  They refused.

They sold me a refurbished phone  of course I should say after they take the responsibility but the damage was already made

amazing screen on this beauty. im keeping an eye on the battery though, i think its draining too fast. so far so good though

Excellent product, all I wanted, is the best phone that I ever bought. I had the galaxy II and this is a very huge advance. Is a good recomendation for any one that loves google, android, and samsumg.

Purchase a galaxy s3 and I get everything as expected, no tube delaysbut the team came to me in Italian language and europeI am from Venezuela and when I insert my micro-sim says &#34;NO SIM&#34;I acquired the team because here said it was unlocked.HELP ME PLEASE!

Probably not a bad phone, but due to radio frequency issues with T-Mobile in Southern California, data is limited to 2G "Edge" data rates which is unusably slow for this sort of device.So Beware!

works fast

I love how this phone feels like on everything.The device is TOO Powerful for this generation of smartphones which has a Quad Core CPU if anyone doesnt know what that means is that the CPU might say 1.5 GHz but its not if you multiply it by 4 its gonna be 6 GHz thats like a mini laptop.If your thinking to get this or the Iphone You have to think about Android or IOS if you dont like Android than go buy Iphone its that SIMPLE I myself hate wars between phones and other electronics because everything is on peoples opinions....Anyways Im happy with this phone its like a piece of nature.

Received ahead of time.  Great!  NO MANUAL IN ENGLISH.  Product appears fine and would like to make good use of it.  My Grand-daughter will help me figure it out since she has an S4.  Hopefully I'll be able to receive a manual from Amazon or Shopebest.

Amazon now charges tax and so now we see the end of an era. Prices will go up as sales decline, and so will taxes thanks to the elected big government advocates and those who keep them in office. I simply have nothing to benefit from Amazon's business anymore.Worldwide Distributors is a Marketplace vendor for Amazon and is also a good reason to find another source for your cell phone needs. They claim to be a California based company and so charged me tax on this order before the Amazon September 15 deadline. California based companies typically have my packages delivered to me within two days. However, there was no  indication that this product was going to be shipped from Florida. Now a week later it is still in transit.For some reason it takes four days for this company to prepare its shipments when bigger companies often have my orders shipped out on the very same day. I then asked them to send my package with USPS since both FedEx and UPS have a record of losing my packages, but some companies have no concern for your needs despite the little statement they send out saying:"Our goal is for you to be completely satisfied with this transaction".Uh, well, this is the curt reply I received back to my request:"We do not ship this item via USPS, it will be shipped FEDEX for international and UPS for states thank you."Yep, that is a real attempt to satisfy a customer.  No?So now I have to wait for nearly two weeks for this item to arrive after its excursion across the US because Worldwide Distributors is too cheap to take a couple of dollars of the huge profit they are making off this sale and provide overnight or second day service as they would do for their friends. Now under the care of UPS, the chances of this high interest item getting lost are tripled when it passes through the notoriously evil downtown LA distribution center. Ever wondered why your UPS packages look so beat up when delivered?So, Worldwide Distributors, don't ever expect to get any favorable review from me.The Samsung Galaxy S3 is second in popularity to the Apple iPhone. It is highly praised for its abilities, many of which are better than what the iPhone is capable of, and covered to a greater extent by real experts. So you won't really benefit from a review of this item by me, and I will only update if UPS loses my phone, or if the phone Worldwide Distributors sends me turns out to be a real piece of useless trash.

I loved this phone, but about seven months after I started using this phone without problems I suddenly stopped having access to internet or internet based apps, I could only work with wi-fi. I contacted my provider, we tried troubleshooting, different configurations, etc, nothing worked. I went to the store, the SIM card was changed, it still did not work. Since it was unlocked I had to contact the manufacturer. Because it is an international version, Samsung US said they could not fix or repair. I emailed Samsung UK and they said that because I was located outside the EU I should look for a local repair center. I finally went back to Amazon and they had the best customer care service and I returned to the seller for a refund. I am still buying my new phone from Amazon because of their fabulous customer service.

Cons:- it's restarting itself sometimes when using the 'S Memo' application.- The charger cable does not work properly, I'm using my old Samsung galaxy usb cable for that.Pros:- The sensation of having a Galaxy is pretty unique, way far better than apple... this phone is a must buy!

More than expected, great telephone, excelent interface, friendly, little expensive but it pay for it. Size is not a problem when you use the internet.

I have 2 galaxy S3 - one for myself and one for my wife. Her phone is working perfectly - mine is not. I bought both phones in September and they both upgraded successfully to jelly bean. My phone for the last 2 weeks will not connect to the internet via WiFi - I get an authentication error followed by saved but no connection. A reset and then one with tech support ( t mobile ) and the phone is still dead. If you search the internet, you will see this error was reported in May 2012 which means 7 to 8 months and there is no fix!!! Tell me Samsung doesn't know this and I will sell you the Brooklyn Bridge. I have never liked Samsung and its products and this goes further to confirm that. I bought the phones because they were the latest and greatest - my mistake. When working my phone is blazingly fast. It is twitchy and if you hold it wrong, it will change menus but I find it disgusting that in 7+ months no fix has been found. T mobile will send a replacement phone but that is poor consolation

I bought many cell phones.But this is perfect.Size of the screen is ideal for me,not so big neither small,very fast.applications are free and easy accessible.I guess for a long time I will not buy another cell phone.

This phone is exactly what I needed. I travel a lot and the last time I carried a camera, it was stolen from my suitcase. Therefore, I've decided not to buy a camera, but I needed a phone that took good pictures. That's the main reason I bought the Samsung s3, and it takes great pictures. Even georeferenced it your GPS is on.

Nice piece of tech, powerful, nice camera and nice screen but just like some people say it feels kinda plastic but with a nice cover it doesn't really bother me.

Funciona perfecto, cunple con todas las especificaciones, se actualiz&oacute; a JB enseguida sin problemas. Y funciona perfecto con prestadores de Argentina. No me arrepiento para nada y lo volver&iacute;a a elegir!

absolutely the worst, ive ordered alot of stuff from amazon and this is the only product defective! i ordered a new phone and i received a used and refurbished phone. Not cool.

A very good brand new Samsung S3 phone, so cheap, classic, and potable to carry out. I encourage you to go for it.

Phone came quick and it is in perfect shape! Best phone I've ever owned! I am probably a little addicted

Hello,I purchased a supposedly unlocked samsung galaxy 3 and now have found out that it can NOT be used due to the new AT&T; & T-Mobile rules. Please email me to resolve this issue.

Samsung has decided to roll its own MHL connector.  Which means the standard MHL connector you would use on any device will not work with the S3.  So you buy a fancy S3 phone that has MHL and you buy a MHL adapter for it.  Then you plug it into your TV and you do not get a working TV.I am going to guess the reason why they did this is to force S3 owners to buy MHL connectors only from Samsung.  That way they could charge a higher price and make a larger profit from the larger margin.  In short they want to charge you more and give you nothing in return.  I did some quick searches on MHL adapters on amazon.  The Samsung adapters for the S3 cost over twice the amount of MHL adapters for standard phones.  That means they are making well over double the profit.You can read a sight that talks about this here: [...]Samsung's only defense for their parasitic behavior is that they are adding capabilities to the connector by running the high def and usb over different pins.  But that doesn't stop them from using the standard connector.  The current manufacturers are running the high def connection over the same 5 pins of the usb connector.  Samsung just as easily could have made their connector work with both the standard MHL and their proprietary MHL.  That way if you buy a standard MHL connector it would work with the S3, but if you bought Samsung's improved MHL connector you would get more capabilities and therefor have reason for spending more.But they want to gut their customers, so they didn't.  Instead they made their connector proprietary and charged double for it.  It also seems they even chased competitors out of the market of producing a economically competitive version of their own connector.  Look at [...]  It would allow you to use a standard MHL connector with your proprietary S3 device for a low rate of $3.57.  That sure beats Samsung's markup of 100%.  But even this you can't have, it is "discontinued".  Samsung probably legally intimidated the manufacturer out of the market.  So buy a S3 and reward parasitic behavior, or shop another brand until Samsung comes to its senses...  I say shop another brand.  As for me, I didn't have a choice.  My company only offered me the choice of one android phone.  I had to choose the galaxy S3.

I choose good, because Now I have a trouble with usb connect and charge of the battery, I think  I have to buy a new battery and  a new usb connector.

this is an excellent product, the best cellular than i've ever hadthis is another world. bye BB100% recommend

Very light and great performance.  Good look and high quality videos & photos, free apps, and much more...The only weakness: Battery life

the phone is really good. but the screen flashes sometimes , but the price is ok. i like it. i got it on the second day i ordered it. it's cool!

It was the product purchased, they sent me a different model while a Galaxy S3 is not indicating the publication is an i9300. I received a Samsung SGH-i747 which has a dual core processor direfencia lower than the i9300 has a quad-core, has no radio, is a model of AT & T. Do not agree with what is received as it is not what you buy.

I tested this last week and I love its feature, I owned Samsung galaxy fit smartphone and iphone 3gs. I like to replace my iphone 3gs soon and may consider Samsung galaxy s4 just in case apple can't come out with a bigger screen iphone.

Inside the package was not Celular Commercial invoice, send a picture of it to: inmortaly1990@hotmail.comrequires the purchase invoice to process the shipment please post the purchase invoice

Samsung SIII received, but I'm not satisfied with the product quality is not enough, the material is quite simple, I do not recommend. From Amazon.com I bought, I returned to dislike the product, made ''of 15% deduction, have an unfair profit, while the returned product, be aware that when you cut.

many reviews for this product, so i am simply talking about after the 4.1 update:now with the update to android 4.1 jellybean, this phone just got a whole lot better and faster.jellybean does not support adobe flash, but just search xda-developers or google and you will find a flash file compatible with the galaxy s3 on jellybean that works quite fine.this means just about all of the ice-cream sandwich features have been retained and the jellybean features have simply been added.also, samsung always makes sure that the experience remains consistent, so the learning curve from ics to jellybean is minimal.differences since upgrading to 4.1:longer battery lifesmoother scrollingfaster web browsergoogle nowmore available RAMuser experience has been polished on a wholethe only negative point is when u open the menu, there is a lag if u hit the widgets tab and start to scroll immediately, hurts my eyes, but besides that i can think of nothing else.5 stars deserved, good work samsung.if anyone has any questions, feel free to ask

I own a Galaxy Nexus - the Google phone - and love it. I'd give that one about 4.5 stars, but we are not talking about that phone.Anyway, my wife needed a phone and was upgrading from the original Droid that she hated and could never really figure out. I was tempted to get her another Nexus, but figured I'd splurge and try this one out since it's the big thing right now.Wow. What a great device. It does everything the Nexus does, with a little more pizazz.My wife, who was afraid of the phone going in - she thought it would be too techy for her especially after her Droid experience - absolutely LOVES it. Right off she was figuring out things for herself and settling right in.Now, I could quibble about the size of the phone. It's even bigger than the Nexus, which I find a bit large. However, if you are buying the phone, I will assume you know how big it is.The large size makes it solid for texting and browsing, but it is noticeable in your pocket.Still, the size is there for a reason. If you want a big screen, then you can't complain about the size, can you.The latest version of Android has petty much closed the gap with iOS. Dead simple and very intuitive.

I broke My Droid Razr Maxx - So I figured I would replace it with the Samsung Galaxy S3.Loved the phone, hated the battery life.What I loved about the phone: Best user interface, software, performance, cell reception, display, light weight, replaceable battery, flap cover back (option). I just really liked it and wanted to keep it.However, I couldn't keep it. What I didnt like: The battery was only lasting about 4 hours of regular use - where same use I was getting 15-20 from Droid Razr Maxx. Yes, I checked the apps, yes I installed managers, yest I checked syncing and GPS and wifi, etc. Configured with even less functionality than Razr Maxx.  And I hadnt even installed most apps yet (Soundhound, Cardscan, etc) .Alas, keeping it plugged in all day is not an option for me - so I returned it to Verizon for the Droid Razr Maxx HD. I like everything about that phone, but cell reception is one bar less than regular Droid Razr Maxx.

i got my Samsung S3 with prime delivery option. it was so fast (next day delivery).on top of that, i'm happy that i have decided to purchase this one.because before the purchase, I spent my time researching on the OS, screen size, the brand, and camera quality.Samsung S3 won my heart. I love it and I have unlimited option with this unlocked phone.I can use it when i'm abroad and in USA. it's perfect for my lifestyle.

Phone is locked. Doesn't work at all. Also the worst customer service ever. They never answer and when they do answer they do it in a bad way. Like if it is a pain in the neck for them to fix your problem and provide you with a good phone. Never buy here. Again the phone is still locked and the worst customer service

Desde que lo comence a utilizar present&oacute; fallas para cargar la bateria y luego de 3 semanas de uso se da&ntilde;o por completo. El telefono encendia, pero solo decia samsung galaxy y se repetia. Nunca entraba al sistema operativo. Lo llev&eacute; al centro de servicio tecnico de samsung y me dijeron que el telefono era una copia de samsung, que la placa base o tarjeta logica, era de otro telefono (otra marca diferente).No compren este telefono aqu&iacute;!!!!!perdida de dinero.Since I started to use faults introduced to charge the battery and after 3 weeks of use, damage completely. The phone going on, but just saying samsung galaxy and was repeated. Never started the operating system. I took him to the center of samsung technical service and was told that the phone was a copy of samsung, the motherboard or logic board was from another phone (different brand).Do not buy this phone here!!waste of money.

This phone is excellent, great product, here in Venezuela is awesome, my espectavives was super, very thankfull for the service and the product

My Samsung Galaxy S3 got rebooted and stuck on the boot screen "Samsung galaxy S III GT-I9300". Bought only on June 6, 2012. Just used two months.Gave it to the service center and they told my whole data on the phone will be lost. I don't have any backup also. Didn't expect this to become faulty so soon.The problem was with phone's board and I got it fixed by replacing the board after 2 daysI used iphone4s and blackberry previously but never had any issue. First time on android and Samsung Galaxy and gave me very bad experience.Shame on Samsung for poor build quality!! I will think twice to buy another Galaxy smartphone.

Is there any guruntte ? what should I do? it just happaned suddenely without any thing happaning. Very frustrating. Only 9 monthes

Was listed as very good condition. I was disappointed when I received my phone. IT works good, but had a lot of dents and scratches, and the screen has a small burn in the center of it. This is not the definition of very good condition.

It is fast delivery and it is running good now. It was unclock, can use it with any plane i want.Thank you very much

Nice phone!!! Looks great. My wife liked it a lot. Video quality is good. Screen size is great too. Bit slippery.

I live outside the USA, and I ordered the international version of Samsung Galaxy SIII phone. They said very clearly that it was unlocked. That&#8217;s why I bought it. I asked them to send it to my relatives' address to bring it to me on their vacation. I was happy that it arrived on time. But I was really disappointed to find out that it was locked

this gadget really is a smartphone, samgsun does a excellent job in this phone. And now with the new act of android 4.2.2 this phone becomes again in a competitive phone

Excellent job

excelente equipo l&aacute;stima que en mi pa&iacute;s aun no funciona 4g (VENEZUELA), es tan potente como dicen, muy superior s la competencia iPhone 5

Got here on time, works very nice, fully in English and all the S3 features we like to see work just fine.

Wonderful device meets all expectations perfect size cristal clear screen super fast great looks powerful cool to have and a whole lot more! Tank you

Give it three stars cause of delivery was on time and packaging was ok, could of been a smaller box doh. But beware cause the Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version is not unlock. To use any other sim in is totally not possible cause it is region lock to the UK. A note from Samsung Germany that the Note 3 along side some other Samsung phones is region locked only until activation. Once activated in the European market on a European carrier the lock is removed and users can use the phones without any restrictions but nopes that ain&#8217;t the truth peeps. The region lock has appeared on newer versions of Samsung Galaxy S4 and S4 mini also so I just want you guys to be aware with this factory unlock stupidness with Samsung phones. The phone would only ask for Sim Network Unlock Pin, note that this is the region lock and not your actual sim card pin, if enter too many wrong numbers you are looking for more trouble with the phone. I give it three stars also cause I had to pay $50US for it to get unlock which was nearly impossible to unlock, after unlocking the phone the phone works great. It Is a really cool phone to have. Oh and am not from the US am from the Caribbean in Trinidad.

I was using this phone around 10 months after that the phone started to freezing.. can somebody tell how to claim the warranty.?

Great disappointment ... Buy the Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-I9300 Quad Core again and they sent me a different model the Galaxy S III / SGH I747 Dual Core no box no accessories and no manuals. Do not recommend.Gran decepcion... Compre el Samsung Galaxy S3 GT-I9300 Quad Core nuevo y me enviaron otro modelo diferente el Galaxy S III /SGH I747 Dual Core sin caja sin accesorios y sin manuales. No recomiendo al vendedor

hi ,i just want to say that i got the phone on time and in perfect shapethe only problem i have was that the charger was not consist with my country (i needed a EU charger and i got US)thanksido

It is so good as Cellular that I, my son and wife have bought three Samsung S4, and my daughter has a Samsung S III

It is very good phone which i am using it from last two months. Hopefully I hope to see S4 later next year

The phone, with the European version, arrived as planned. Sadly, during the use, it fell and the supposedly indestructible gorilla glass screen cracked completely. Also, it's very slippery to grab on the hand.Bottom line, I recommend to stick to SGS2

This is actually the second one I have owned, the first having been drowned in the washing machine by my mother while on vacation.  This one is actually better than the first one, because the first one still had some locked features, while this one was totally 100% unlocked.  It fits my Chinese Sim card (well it should I just took the Sim from one phone to the other) and because of the software, it saved all my contacts.  Works great with WiFi and acts like a miniature computer great for someone on the go and can't pull out the other one to check emails regularly.As an English teacher in China, all the apps are great for helping me translate words or meanings that I would other wise need a clucking dictionary for.Easy to use and unlike my previous 1st gen galaxy this version rarely leaves my hand when on the move.  I would buy this phone a million times over.

The seller that I bought from sent me a phone that was not unlocked and therefore did not work with the phone company I wanted to use. The shipping was slow. The phone was in great shape and I love the Samsung Galazy S3; it is one of the best phones out in the market. I just wish it was the correct phone. I recently purchased another Samsung Galazy S3 and love using it.

Because i'm satisfacted with the phone it's usefull for me, and it is beatiful and funny. the shippment was on time.

They ship the phone as if you bought it out the store. Hate the fact that when you buy it unlocked none of the guides (on paper) are in english. The phone itself is awesome works great I love it! NICE JOB

ME ENCANTA ESTE TELEFONO, SUPER RAPIDO LA INTERNET MUCHAS FUNCIONES NECESARIAS!! LO RECOMIENDOALTA DEFINICION, BELLO COLORIDO, RAPIDA INTERFAX, TODO BIEN!!

Some of my best phones

As far as the quality of the phone itself I like it very much. Only complaint would be the battery life. You can drain the battery dry within a couple of hours depending on what apps you are running. So long as you do not leave apps running in the background the standby and talk life of the phone appear good. Was able to take my Consumer Cellular SIM from old phone and use it right away. Have had no problems with getting good quality GSM signal where I'm located and I anticipate overseas traveling will be no issues.

The phone is fantastic, and the shipment came on time, but it DIDN'T come with a screen protector (as listed) AND most annoying of all, the serial number on the phone was not the serial number that came up when I installed the SIM card from my service provider.  I had to pay to have a lab technician reset the phone.

Phone is fine, but guess what? I can't get it to sync my yahoo mail, and I've tried reinstalling, choosing POP3 or IMAP, etc. It just won't do it. I called Samsung, and they said you have to call the country where the celll phone was made if you want support. That means Europe on this phone. A $600 phone you can't get support on. Good job, Amazon.

I Buy this phone for my cousin, its functionality is very good and it really is very fast, the graphics are outstanding, I think I'd buy one for my soon.It is a little big but easy to handle. The phone Samsung S3 I arrive in excellent condition and new exactly as displayed, recommend HassleFreeCell as an excellent seller

I dont like iphones and I had a blackberry before. I thought that I would not adapt as I like having a physical keyboard and it is a big phone but I love it !

I live in Mexico.  My wireless carrier is Telcel.  The phone is an unlocked international version.  Slip in a Telcel SIM card and I'm good to go.  No problems.  Product is terrific!  I put phone in service June 21.  But - if/when/where service might be needed - well, that's another matter.  I contacted Samsung with detailed info on the phone and where I was located - they shuttled me from South Africa to Hong Kong to USA both phone and websites and no one took responsibility for who do you send the phone to for service if/when needed.  I contacted the seller who - so far - has failed to answer the two simple questions of (1) in what country did they buy the phone (2) when did they buy the phone. This is Samsung's request, not mine.  I contacted Amazon - so far three times.  They are working diligently and so far doing a good job to contact the seller asking them to provide answers to these two questions. I believe Amazon has gone up the organizational chart a notch or two to help resolve this issue.  So far, this is not resolved.  I will update my review when I have more definitive results.  Until I update my review I urge prospective buyers to find out where they should send the phone for service (if/when needed) before purchase.  UPDATE 18 July 2013 - Surge Telecom replied they purchased the product in the USA from Samsung directly.  But the warranty is for Samsung Latin America.  I haven't called Samsung to find out what to do and where in event of warranty issues....that's next.  Please read the content in this link...you will find it useful  [...]

THis phone was very fake, on the back of its case it said 16Go instead of 16Gb, I wished i had picked tup on that as soon as i bought the phone. Also it has charging problems, and it cracked from a fall of only two feet.  now i dont even know if i can send it back and get my money back.

excelente m&oacute;vil.  muy buena resoluci&oacute;n y fluidez.  la c&aacute;mara es excelente y al actualizar a jelly bean mejora mucho m&aacute;s

Very happy with the Samsung S3 both in terms of functionality, phone quality, camera qualitym and its large screen, very happy we purchased it at Amazon for a fair price. Recommended

It was a att phone. Hat the AT&T logo on the back cover. If I had known I would have gone to the ATT store...

I bought this phone for my brother, so I really don't know how good or bad this phone is. But he seems happy with it

i was user for another brands and samsung exceeded my expectations by far. the best phone that i have had. highly recommended

hi, i have a simple question?Wich version is this mobile you are offering?1.5 or 1.4?? Dual- core? or Quad-core??ARE YOU SURE? BECAUSE IN THE DESCRIPTIONS IT SAYS THAT IS A DUALCORE, AND I NEED A QUAD CORE BECAUSE I'LL MOVE TO LATIN AMERICA, THANKS

First, you sell this phone as a Samsung Galaxy S III (GT-I9300)... but that's not what I got. I received a package with a double precint, I mean two Samsung stickers. When I opended th phone and started to check it out, the battery cover has a scratch a the protective plastic cover was removed and re attached. Ok... let me check if the phone works... When it started up, and I started to check the apps, I saw a SuperSU and a Chinese app among others apps. Why this phone is rooted and have a chinese app? Also, It couldn't update via OTA. Just to be sure, I rebooted on download mode the phone, and WOW! a surprise, the Phone model is a SGH-i747 (AT&T; exclusive SGSIII).This is just a joke as a seller, I bought two of this phones, and they both have the same characteristics.You should never buy a phone from On the Go

Never again will I try to save a few bucks and switch from my iPhone.  Samsung makes great TVs... they should stick to that.  AVOID this phone.  Too many reasons to list.  Buyer Beware!

Met and has exceeded my expectations; especially being a previous owner of a blackberry. Application space is significant! Easy to use. Takes beautiful pictures. Though it is a bigger phone than the blackberry, it is light and still hold in a pocket. You will need a microsim.

I have been using this phone for about 3 weeks not and I love it! It came exactly as described and on time. The phone has a great camera and a great screen.

There has been a huge amount off buzz for this phone recently, and it is not for no reason.Samsung Galaxy S III is the first real competition for the Iphone. There are several reasons for this:1- Aesthetics: Galaxy S III has a sleek and sexy design that can match up to the standarts of Apple.2- Functionality: In many aspects, this phone is as good as - if not better - than the Iphone.3- Android: The operating system has recently caught up with IOS. An important thing to note is that the popularity of an operating system is directly linked to its success. The more popular an OS gets, the more applications are released - hence more usability and features. I believe Android has just caught up with Apple in this sense.

Excelente los telefonos y vendedores.. compre dos y los enviaron super rapido y en tiempo record... en venezuela con Movistar que es con quien tengo la linea funcionan super bien...es un telefono muy rapido.. lo mejor que ha salido

I was a previous iPhone user, until I switched from the 4 to a Galaxy S2, and I loved it, but there were alot of things wrong with the S2, Samsung has listened to user feedback and used their experience to make this 4.8 inch masterpiece.  Why do I love this phone so much?1) Performance - Scrolling is buttery smooth, gaming is buttery smooth, even throwing NOVA 3 at it will not phase that quad-core Exynos 4212 and the improved Mali-400 beast (oh I mean chip) inside this phone. It blows the Tegra 3 and the Snapdragon S4 clean out of the water, sorry One X owners.2) Audio - The S2 has okay audio quality, it's Yamaha chip was fine for...most people, however it was a bit disappointing compared to even the iPhone's sound quality, so I always used software decoding for listening to music.  The S3 has seen Samsung's return to the Wolfson audio chip, and it is absolutely stunning especially with the new SoundAlive system which allows Bass Boosting, Clarity, and Virtualization out of the box.3) Camera - The S2's camera was good, the S3's camera is even better. It may be a 'measly' 8MP, but Samsung has played around with the software in order to create a camera with zero shutter lag, a definite plus.  Now it can take great looking photos, quickly.4) Battery Life - The GS2 has a notoriously horrible battery life, it was basically essential to root and install custom ROMs because of the battery life.  The GS2 had a 1650 mAh battery, the S3 has a 2100 mAh battery.  It may have even more power than the S2 but the battery life is definitely improved, I just watched over 2 hours straight of 720p video and the battery meerely went from 85% to 70%. If this was my GS2 it would have gone from 85% to 60 or even lower.  Battery life while using data has also been improved, an hour of internet browsing hit my battery only 10% rather than the 20 or 30 that would have been seen on the S25) The feel - The S2 was made out of plastic, very light plastic that felt cheap.  Of course I know better than to judge how "cheap" a phone is by lightness, but many other reviewers hated it for this very reason.  Samsung answered by making the S3 out of poly-carbonate, the same material as a One X.  As a result, it feels solid and light in my hand, amazingly it managed to be 5g heavier than the One X while feeling so much lighter.6) The "new" TouchWiz - I know TouchWiz has had alot, I mean alot of hate over the years.  I hated TW3 myself, and didn't enjoy the orignal TW4, only enjoying it's lock screen.  The new Touchwiz shipped out with this phone that has a nature feel to it feels great.  The ripple effect on the unlock is very enjoyable and I enjoy the Galaxy Nexus inspired app drawer.  As a plus I am so grateful to Samsung for removing the horrible Social and Media Hubs.Of course however...in everything there are things you don't like, and this is no different.  The HD Super Amoled screen is great, but, I really wish that for this phone they would have created the Plus version.  The Pentile matrix is just inferior to the RBG RBG layout.  The ppi is high enough however to stop the picture from being blurry, so its just a nitpik. The things like SmartStay and S-Voice are frankly gimmicks though, and while they seem to have potential they don't really...work. Frankly Iris is better than S-Voice.

First, this is a review of the US version of the phone. I tried to put a review up on the US version, but Amazon wouldn't let me. So hopefully this helps out people deciding to get the US version of the phone. In case people are wondering this is for the Sprint network.The US version of the phone differs as it has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Processor with 1.5 GHz Dual-Core CPUs, while the the rest of the hardware specs are the same as the international version.I switched from an HTC EVO 4G to get this phone and so far it's been great! Here are the things I like about the phone:* The phone is a nice size, it's lighter than my HTC EVO 4G.* The processor is one of the fastest US released Android phone, and it comes with 2 GB of RAM.* I played around with the camera and video camera and the quality is great in my opinion. (I'll post some pics or a video later.)* The ICS 4.0 is really snappy and it opens up applications quickly.* It comes with Google Wallet. I signed up and got a free $10 to use. (I'm going to McDonald's to test it out!)* I've only use the S Voice application a few times, but it seems to be just like Siri on my wife's iPhone 4S.* It comes with a micro SD slot in case more space is needed to save pictures, videos, etc.* You can change out the battery if needed.* Battery life last twice as long compared to my HTC EVO 4G.Now for some cons:* This is carrier related and not the phone itself, but there is no 4G LTE on the Sprint Network. Other networks such at AT&T; and Verizon should be better, but I'm stuck with 3G speeds for now.* The phone is so nice, that I baby it all the time!I was on the fence about getting this phone or the HTC EVO 4G LTE aka HTC One X. The main things that I like over the the Samsung Galaxy 3 over the HTC EVO 4G LTE is that it comes with the Micro SD slot and also the battery can be changed if it ever goes bad.I love this phone! :)

I bought this unlocked phone while overseas. I loved it at first. I'm a diehard BB fan. I've been using BB ever since it came out back in the days. I wanted a change and I chose the S 3. I've had it for a month now. But a week ago it started to charge slowly, I mean vey slowly approx. 3-4 hrs for a full charge. I was ok with that but couple of days later it started to take more time for a full charge 6-7 hrs from 15%. Now that is not ok because lets be honest who has that much time to keep the phone on charger. I also noticed that the phone sometimes get stuck at specific % for an hour or more. I looked up the issue on the web and apparently I wasn't the only person complaining about this problem. So many people are having the same issue with charging time.Samsung has done a good job with the big screen and phone shape and weight including functionality. But when it comes down to practicality they failed in my department. I honestly can't wait to go back to BB when the new BB10 is released sometimes next year.I'm surprised this phone is being praised so highly on amazon. It sure doesn't deserve the 4 stars.

it is simply amazing, great design, lightweight, very thin, ultra fast, longer battery life compared to others, SD slot, NFC, quad core, HD display. The gestures control from samsung gives you a better control and interface over other androids an iOS phones. Those kind of little details give the real meaning of smartphone. It may be expensive, but I worth it.

in the publication was saying that hera a Samsung Galaxy S GT-I9300 III/S3 and sent me Samsung Galaxy S SGH-747I III/S3 hera not what promised in the publication

The product is excelent.The only thing is about the battery but, nothing to do about it nowadays.!No regrets

PHONE CALLS A COGIGO TO CONNECT INTERNET CAN NOT CONNECT CODE REQUIRES NO.SEND TO MY MAIL CODE WITHOUT CHANGING THE CLASSIFICATION OF A 5 1Star

I'm so happy with my Samsung Glaxy S3, It's in excelents conditions, that's new. I recommend this store. I'm so happy.

This product is fake, it's not original and you will have many problems with it. The software is very bad and you can't update it or even replace it ith new version. Simply get away from this one.

The team works well with movistar Venezuela, positive comments from other users are little at the amazing performance of the equipment, which until now have reviewed.El equipo trabaja bien con movilnet Venezuela, los comentarios positivos de otros usuarios parecen cortos ante la incre&iacute;ble prestaci&oacute;n del equipo, que hasta ahora se han revisado.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono. Tiene mejor sistema de ahorro de bater&iacute;a. Yo dir&iacute;a que ahora dura casi el doble o casi el triple. La pantalla es mucho m&aacute;s grande.  La resoluci&oacute;n tambien.Con la nueva versi&oacute;n del sistema operativo, los programas tienen m&aacute;s opciones de configuraci&oacute;n.Es mucho m&aacute;s r&aacute;pido.Es excelente en todo.Lo &uacute;nico malo que yo considero es que debi&oacute; haber salido con al menos 1.5 gb de RAM.

This phone is really good!!!!. Only problem is battery life. If you are an app person; make sure you delete the unwanted apps that are loaded in cache once after the use. Because otherwise it hangs and doesn't respond so fast.

Great phone and SO MUCH MORE!!  Am loving learning all about how to use it.  It is very easy to figure out and offers many helpful hints as you go along.

I love my Galaxy S3.  I travel all over the world and haven't have a problem with it yet.  It took a little getting use to at first since I was a iPhone 4 user but I with the bigger screen and faster processor I've already forgotten about my iPhone.

Got this for the GF and she is addicted. Only issue I have with this phone is the battery life, but with the quality that it pushes out it's somewhat understandable. Just get an extra battery if needs be.

This will be long but for those trying to decide whether or not to get this between the iPhone 5 then hopefully you'll find the information useful.  My wife and I bought the phones together with GSIII for me and iPhone 5 for her.Overall impression after six months of use there are many good things to say about the GSIII.Galaxy SIII Pro's:- Gorgeous large AMOLED screen- The thin & curved design feels very nice holding it- Very fast with dual core (USA version)- Crisp videos* and photos that rival good point & shoot cameras- Customization is endless- Removable battery & expandable memory up to 64GB- Google products work flawlessly syncing- Lots of free apps compared to AppleGalaxy SIII Con's:- Battery life- The large screen may not be easy to one hand type or operate for a small hand- Not as stable as iPhone sometimes- microUSB is great but not as good as the iPhone's design- Home button is really in an awkward locationiPhone 5 Pro's:- Beautiful screen- Slim and easy to operate with one hand- Solid O/S and functions smoothly- The new connector is great with its flip flop design & secure- Tons of appsiPhone 5 Con's:- Too small for big hands and easy to fat finger when typing- Customization is very much limited unless you jailbreak- Many free apps on Android is generally charged for Apple- It feels a bit plain and boring after awhile playing with GSIII- Apple's own map app we all know was a complete failureWho should get the GSIII or the iPhone 5?  Galaxy SIII I feel is the phone for someone who wants to multi-task, do more than Facebook, watch videos and of course ADD like me who want to spice up the phone.  iPhone on the other hand would be great for someone looking for hassle free phone that's compact, solid performer and overall doesn't disappoint when it comes to getting the job done.More details on Galaxy SIII is below!AMOLED screen at 4.8" is THE screen to watch movies; not with the iPhone that seems a bit outdated when it comes to screen size.  Sometimes bigger IS better for watching YouTube, Netflix and other movie apps.  No argument there that GSIII is a great entertainment phone.  I've been a photographer for over 15 years and I find myself pleased with taking quick photos with the phone that don't need editing or fancy results.  It gets the job done, crisp and the videos in 1080p is gorgeous.  Sure it's not 60fps and the max 30fps isn't ideal for fast moving videos but unless you're very picky, again, it gets the job done.microUSB vs Apple's new connector has no argument.  Apple wins here.  microUSB is somewhat universal now with their phone and is great but it's not as secure and great design compared to Apple's that have a flip flop design.  I still find myself double checking at night or in a hurry to see which side is up or down with microUSB chargers.I'm currently running Android 4.1.2 and is rooted.  4.1.2 did give me few more options and 'seems' like it's stable compared to the 4.1.1 where sometimes it would freeze once a week or so depending on the app.  Don't get me wrong here, iPhone 5 does have lockup issues as I've seen it with my wife's couple times.  But that's the thing, 'couple times' out of six plus months we've owned the phones.Where do I begin about customization.  I frequently change wallpapers, icons and themes using "Go Launcher EX".  There are others including "ADW Launcher" and few I cannot remember but these launchers transform your phone into something much better than what comes with the phone.  It's rather boring without using custom themes on your Android device.  I've always said right out of box, iPhone/iPod Touch always had nice app icons that the whole world eventually started to copy including the Android.  Android on the other hand isn't like a fortress that limit you from changing things like Apple does with their product.  And often times apps are free if not cheaper so you get more bang for your buck.Customizing keyboard is one of the greatest option if you text, FB post and write emails often.  Swype is great but so are the aftermarket keyboard apps that give you more options in what works best.  This is where of course Apple fails and I don't like the iPhone's small keyboard as I have large hands.  It's right between large & XL for glove size so trying to type with two hands is a bit claustrophobic.  Holding it by one hand is better with the iPhone 5 of course; sometimes I cannot hold it with one hand try to complete a task with typing on the GSIII due to its size.Apps have grown tremendously and of course with the dual core processor, I can run the latest edition for Need for Speed on full graphics just fine.  I didn't think one day a phone could handle something that was limited to PC's and consoles years ago.  It's a blast honestly.  There's just too many reasons why we're glued to our phones and these little computers don't help the addiction either.Now let's talk battery life.  I always have it on power saving mode which does help but also I can recommend using apps like JuiceDefender Ultimate and if you're more tech savvy then Tasker would automate things you thought wasn't possible without an app.  For my use I generally have the phone tethered with USB using Klink (best tethering app that use carrier's DNS, not free DNS with other apps) so the charging isn't a problem.  But if I play Need for Speed, watch movies or do heavy multi-tasking, I can easily drain 30% of battery life in less than an hour.  Sat idle with some phone calls, the phone will last all day long without any worries.  It doesn't eat up a lot of battery even if you're on the phone for an hour.  It's known to drain more battery while browsing the net and like mentioned above, watching movies and doing something that requires the processor to work harder.No problem with heat issues; it does get pretty warm playing games, recording videos for long periods (20+ minutes) and watching movies.  But as long as you're not in a hot climate and beating the crap out of the phone you shouldn't have any overheating issues.  I've yet to encounter an incident where the phone shutdown other than a charging warning when I had the heat turned on during winter in the car and it was making my phone warm near the vent.If you're a Google product user like myself Android is godsend.  I practically use the calendar everyday, Gmail sync'd including Google maps favorites and sometimes use the voice feature.  Galaxy S-Voice is okay but nothing spectacular so I won't do much review there.  The technology is somewhat still limited and I do find Google's own voice recognition does much better in identifying what you're saying.Speaking of failed maps attempted by Apple, Google Maps is very solid on GSIII and using it with navigation.  GPS is very quick in the car and of course you have the offline option so download areas you drive often on Wifi and if for any reason you lose connection or in areas that have spotty service it'll come in handy.  I also use Waze and is very smooth.  In fact I have the phone setup to use a dash cam to sometimes which I forgot to mention; with the Anti-Shake mode on video you can record a very smooth video without the vibration from the car.  It'll help when you're shooting a video outside and get that annoying shake even though you think you're holding it steady, the option helps out a ton.And buy a 32GB microSD flash card if not larger memory card if you shoot a lot of videos and photos.  20 minutes of 720p video will easily run you close to 2GB of data.  If you're parents like myself definitely get a bigger card and back up those data.  But it's a great tool to capture quick moments of your little ones on the fly without having to take out a camcorder or a giant DSLR with lenses and flash.I'm done yet!  Flash...oh my.  The light on this thing is POWERFUL.  It'll blind you if you kept staring at it.  I have the free flashlight app and can light up an area better than most expensive LED flashlights.  I've ran it for 15 minutes straight without an issue.Of course there are tons of aftermarket accessories, screen protectors, cases, etc.  The options are unlimited.  On my car, I use Mountek MT5000 mount which secures the phone on the CD slot which works perfect.If there's one major complaint then it would be the home button.  Not sure why it's located so low to the screen; if it was moved 1/8" up it would make a huge difference.  I feel like I need to curve my thumb quite a bit just to hit home.  Maybe some may not find this a big deal.  Battery life is always going to be an issue with slimmer phones but it's not a deal breaker for me personally.  Overall design is breathtaking coming from HTC and other older phones.  Samsung did a great job there.It's a very fun device compared to the iPhone 5.  It can do A LOT more than what the iPhone offers.  Again if customization, multi-tasking and hoping to do a lot more for your phone then the GSIII is for you.  But if you're a casual or FB/email/text/browser user and don't care for all the fancy bells & whistles then iPhone 5 might be the ticket.  Rambling on it's 6AM now on Saturday so if you have any questions feel free to comment!

This phone works great no issues, good battery life and i truly love that i can connect to any network with this unlocked version

I bought mine from a seller called &#34;Top10Cell&#34;. Received a real Galaxy S3 GT-I9300. Appears to be new. The seal looks a little fishy, like it was broken but someone sticked another seal on the broken one. But the phone is totally fine. But everything that came, came in French, including the phone's default language, so I had to change it, no big deal though, since you can find the user manual on Samsung website. The phone, as most phones do, came with a bunch of rubbish apps that can't be deleted (unless you root it). Everything seems fine to me, except for some reason I can't update my Android. Tried Kies and OTA, both failed. Might consider rooting it.Overall a worthy buy. I owned an Exhibit II but its battery started swelling and the phone is getting too annoyingly slow, so I bought this S3 with $400. The screen resolution is so much higher, and I love the big screen. Btw the phone is very light, even lighter than then smaller Exhibit II. For those who complained about its &#34;cheap plastic cover&#34;, I don't think that is cheap plastic, I think the material is chosen for its low weight. But a case, that will solves the problem.It came with a samsung earphones, which is not bad (worth more than $10). Charger's plug is not American style, but you can always charge it with a computer.Yeah! Hope it will stay with me for at least three years!

I am not really a cell phone person and prefer to communicate with people face to face.  Well the phone has the ability for me to achieve this.  Is is lightweight and easy to use.  Glad I made the purchase.

Unfortunately anyone considering this device should Google-search the term "Issue 36993:  wifi no longer working in ics 4.0.4 " or simply "galaxy wifi authentication failed".  Essentially at this time you may find yourself without any option to connect to the internet. In other words, a pretty useless paper weight.The various forums have several threads on the topic where users, including IT professionals, who own android devices are reporting the problem and not finding a solution or work around. Typical posts from the above read:* "just signed a 2 year contract. Had I known about this issue I never would have committed my two years to this device. Now Im stuck."* "I am too extremely frustrated that for $700 i have a piece of plastic doing a half job... simply unaccceptable.  Google needs to push some kind of update ASAP and start treating the android project seriously..."* "Huge problem!!!! Bought 2 galaxy 3's and a galaxy tab 10.1 2 all with no ability to connect WiFi!! This is unacceptable!!!"A bug in Android, introduced in v4.0.4 and persisiting through the latest Android v4.1.2, prevents android devices from connecting to many, mainstream, wifi routers. If your home/office router is one of those, tough luck.  Users have these routers working fine with all non-android devices (ie iOS, Windows...). Also, many Galaxy devices (including mine) worked fine up to the v4.0.4 upgrade.Personally I had been an advocate of the Samsung Google product family.  When first activating my S3 I thought apple does not currently offer any phone that can match it. However the lack of networking functionality, and lack of communication by these companies in the several months of this issue persisting should be unacceptable and potential consumers here should be aware and beware.

Awesome phone, bought this for a friend of mine and she loved it. No complaines at all!And the colour was nice

Quad Core is better than Dual Core.... You do the math!!!Pros.Excellent screen, very resistent.Perfect screen sizeFlash supportCustomizableCons.SVoice doesn't works in spanishIs not ergonomic

This phone is not truly  international version !!! When I took to India, it prompted for a firmware upgrade. After upgrade to android version 4.3, it cannot recognize the mobile network! SIM lock error.....Mobile operator blames Samsung. DO NOT BUY

I noticed my Samsung S3 unable to connect to Samsung Kies, I went to Setting>About phone. I noticed none of the neither android version, Kernel verison, nor build number matched the actual phone.Android version showed 4.1.2 (actual android OS running on my phone is Gingerbread and actual Gingerbread version only go up to 2.x.x, 4.1.0 or higher is Jelly Bean. when I tap on the android version a few times it will showed picture of Ice Cream Sandwich android),Kernal version showed 3.0.13 user1@ubuntu#100 THU OCT 25 12:12:12 CST 2012 (the part user1@ubuntu#100 is a dead give away this isn't original kernal version.)Build number showed GINGERBREAD.ZSKI3 (Build number always start with the first letter of the android name. EX: Jelly Bean "JRO03C.I9300XXDLJ4" or Ice Cream Sandwich "IMM76D.L710VPALI3".)The other obvious things is the Android keyboard instead of the Samsung keyboard (You can check that by going to Setting>Language & Input. Samsung ALWAYS used their own Samsung keyboard on their devices)Missing most of Samsung apps such as S Voice.No magnetic sensor for compass.No GPS for navigation.Device have around 500MB RAM instead of 1GB RAMAnother thing as I mentioned early you won't be able connect your S3 device to Samsung Kies if the device is not genuine.Another quick and easy way to verify if your S3 device is fake or genuine is to download an app "GS-III Identity" from Google Play Store, open that app, if it showed No match next to board, product, and device then it is for sure a fake S3.Be careful buying from sellers who do not disclose their shipping location, the seller I bought it from doesn't disclose the shipping location and nothing got ship out until 1 week later and it was shipping from Hong Kong. Do not buy any phones shipping over from Hong Kong or China, it is almost for sure you'll end up with a counterfeit phone.

First off i only gave it one start because you are not allowed to give it a 0 rating.  Which is exactly what is deserves.  I hate Apple with a passion for it's canned, forced nearly communistic package.  But i should have never have switched from the iPhone to this junk.  One grace of the S3 is its screen.  Big, crisp, good resolution.  That is where the positive ends.  Texting - By default you have to turn off 3 'built in' apps just to get it to act like a normal phone.  And even after that you still cant stop the 'slide'  on most phones if you hit a button that is what the phone takes as the input.  On the Galaxy S3 it doesnt take the input until your finger leaves the surface.  You can slide all day long and it wont choose a character till you let go.  Secondly if you turn the phone horizontally, you cant see any of the previous messages.  So if you are replying you wont be able to see what was said before.  Calls - Yes it is the 7th used function of a cell phone yet it is probably one of the S3's worst functions.  Call clarity is sub-standard, currently my S3 wont answer until someone calls me twice.  the first time goes right to voicemail.  when i call out half the time it rings once and then disconnects.  Verizon Wireless says it has to be some software as the network is operating properly.  If you want to use the keypad after a call connects you have it on speaker or use a headset or the phone goes blank (dark) after one key.DO NOT BUY THE GALAXY S3.

EL EQUIPO LLEGO EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES TOTALMENTE NUEVO, LO UNICO MALO QUE EL VENDEDOR NO ENVIO LA FACTURA COMERCIAL Y LA EMPRESA QUE LO TRASLADA A VENEZUELA LE HACE FALTA, SUGIERO SIEMPRE ENVIAR FACTURA COMERCIAL (AUNQUE SEA UNA COPIA)

The phone i received is French version, the charger is not suitable in the US outlet,so i had to buy another charger and the instruction book is written in French. However the phone is very good. I love the phone.

Hi, i bought this phone with no problem. I have used it for 3 months and then the phone's motherboard gone bad. I have contacted Samsung but they did not help me at all. Because of the phone being international version, that's what i think, they asked me to contact Taiwan. Can you believe it, i am buying the phone from US and they want me to contact taiwan when there is a problem. Samsung did not take any responsibility of his product even it was under warranty. So i contacted Amazon and they have somehow solved my problem. Thanks to Amazon. But be careful when buying international version phone.

I brought this cell phone for myself and I love it. Everything I need in the palm of my hands.

I was initially very pleased with this phone. Performance was quick and reception was clear, which is very helpful sionce I am hearing impaired.However, after about four month's usage, I started having difficulty getting the battery to charge in the phone. Although the phone signalled that a UBS connection had been made but the charge cycle started only intermittently. Eventually I lost the abiliy to charge the battery in the phone.  I bought what was advertised as a Samsung external charger and i9300 battery. The battery has a different model number and does not fit into the cavity inside the phone because it's about 1/8 inch too long. I was able to charge the EB-L1G6LLU by using a rubber band and spacer to wedge the cell intothe charger, but decided to return the set.  So far I have been unable to locate a new, genuine Samsung battery for the i9300 internaltional phone, so beware if you think about buying this phone.  Becasue there is not warranty, you are out of luck if a problem arises after the return date.

this is the best cell phone I have ever seen. it works so fast.i think it is better iphone. love samsung&#65281;

una mounstruo de equipo nuevo desbloqueado recomendado es mas que un telefono sirve para todo lo mejor que he visto

I am happy with the phone but it did not come with English instructions and I was not able to obtain any when I called Samsung.

I've owned many phones throughout the years; this is, by far, the BEST PHONE EVER. I have absolutely no negative feedback for it. It's fabulous, it's amazing. The screen is huge, every time I look at someone else's phone, I think to myself, it's so small! I am pretty sure I could download every app available and never run out of space. It's internet is faster than my laptop's internet. It looks expensive and impressive. It's just great. :)EDIT>>>>First of all, the other reviewer is correct, the phone is in French with French applications, but I felt like that was not so difficult to fix. You will only be able to use Samsung's French customer service though, good luck with that, haha.More importantly, apparently unlocked phones can only get up to 2G/Edge network coverage. So, even though this is a 4G capable phone, you will not be able to take advantage of that. I did not see this anywhere on the product information page and I believe this is very important for you to know before you make your purchase. You WILL NOT get 3G/4G.

The spcet of the product its not fair. I suppose it was a 4 g device, i didn't find the the right spec when i bought, but when came the valuation  from Amazon, about the purchase It was absolutily clear.  Why it was not clear before???

Es el mejor celular en la historia!!!!! Muy rapido y exelente hardware y android lo mejor por supuesto. Samsung rompe record el mejor celular.

it's a great cell phone, great pictures, i recomen to anyone, its easy to use. you can expand the memory

I absolutely LOVE the Samsung Galaxy S3. I have had it for about a month and a half now and it is a great phone.The Camera is phenomenal. It takes pictures quickly and the quality of the photos is amazing. I had the HTC EVO before and that also had an 8 megapixel camera, but the s3 camera is just so much better. the evo camera hesitated, but this one focuses so quickly and takes the picture the second you press the button. Also, there is a burst shot option so you can take action shots. I think its a great feature. I have used it once (i haven't really had many action shot opportunities), but i did enjoy having it as an option and i thought it worked really well.Some people complain about the phone's size, but it doesn't bother me at all. Compared to the HTC EVO, the screen itself is bigger, but the phone is only a tiny bit taller, and about the same width. the s3 is also significantly lighter than the evo and easier to hold because of the rounded sides. The design is really chic and modern. I love the look of it.The graphics on the s3 are also gorgeous. The screen is so clear and the graphics are really defined which really enhances the experience of using the phone.I like the battery life as well. It lasts more than a full day, however you probably couldn't go two full days without charging it. The evo had terrible battery life. I would leave my phone in my backpack at school all day and barely even check it and i would get home with 20%-30% battery. With the s3, i do the same and come home with 90% battery. The battery actually lasts surprisingly well when i play games and am constantly checking twitter or texts, while on the evo, playing one game for a short time practically drained the battery.Overall, the Galaxy S3 is a great phone. It is easy to use and figure out and has some great features. I really like the widgets it comes with, and if you pull down the bar on the top, you can see your messages, emails, updates, etc, but you also have the major settings there. You can easily access the wi-fi, bluetooth, gps, sound, screen rotation, airplane mode, and even power saving mode. I love this feature because with the evo i had to go into settings and find the right category to turn certain things on and off. I especially love being able to access screen rotation so easily because i generally leave it off, but i like it on if i'm looking through pictures. I definitely recommend this phone for anyone looking for a new smartphone. I hope this was helpful, and good luck choosing your phone!

The Galaxy SIII was my first ever smartphone, and I acquired it last year, 2012, in August. I was moderately upset at first that my carrier did not offer the iPhone, but I quickly began to overlook that as this little (but really no so little) phone began to amaze me.It can do essentially everything an iPhone can do and more! The operating system is user friendly, intuitive, easy to navigate. There were so many different things you could do with it, open app market and all. I had no difficulty learning how to use it to its fullest potential. Even my boyfriend, who had an iPhone 4S became jealous and seriously considered switching to android when his phone kaputs. My only qualm was that the screen was a touch too over-saturated - and the greens were much too harsh. Still, not too bad, and samsung screens are typically very excellent. The glass protecting the phone was excellent, Gorilla Glass. Very sturdy, and even after a complete year, only light surface scratches were visible.Fast forward to March 2013, and everything began to slow down on my S3. It still functioned, but it was no where near as zippy as before. Come April, it constantly crashed, it couldn't manage basic functions, such as texting and calling.I became very frustrated and questioned some employees at my carrier about it. I was informed that a lot of the S3 devices were slowing down, and apparently that's normal for Android phones. After doing some research, this isn't some anomaly either. S3s out of the box were just as slow. Conveniently the employees reminded me that the S4 was coming out and was faster than ever. Yes, of course, it comes out a month after my phone essentially became unusable.Considering that after all expenses were met, I paid over $600.00 for this device, and it only has a life of less than a year, I don't feel it's worth the investment. Yes, the operating system, app store, and overall customizability of the phone is excellent, and I would wager that it surpasses what Apple has to offer, however, does it really compensate for a device that lasts only one year?Sadly, you can't have it all. Come August my phone completely broke down, and I had to purchase another one. Despite the pressure from the employees to purchase the Galaxy S4, I went with the iPhone 5. Less friendly operating system, app store, and impossible to customize, but I feel that trade off might actually be worth it, if the device lasts over a year. My boyfriend's iPhone 4S is reaching two years old, and functioning essentially as it always has right out of the box, hopefully the 5 will do the same.

Nov 1, 2012 Update on my phone. When it worked, it was great & I loved it. Now AT&T; & myself can't get it to work, even with new SIM cards. Won't recognize AT&T; data signals. So my $600.00 smart phone is now DUMB & I hate that it doesn't work! I can ONLY make & receive calls (maybe). AT&T; is unable to get my phone to work properly, 4 calls to customer service & 2 times at AT&T; store with no resolution. Samsung US will not help because it's international phone. I did not want an international phone, just an unlocked phone. So buyer beware, you may have problems with the unlocked international phone on AT&T; or T-Mobile.Oct 4, 2012 I'm being asked to review the Galaxy S3 GT-19300 international version Pebble Blue (which is ultimately what I received in the mail). HOWEVER... What I PURCHASED from Amazon (looking at my printed order as I type this) was, "Samsung Galaxy S3 Unlocked GSM Smart Phone (Pebble Blue). Sold by TRD-Trading GmbH." There was NOTHING in the title or the product description/details to indicate this was an unlocked international phone. SURPRISE ON DELIVERY... The package arrived on 9/5/12 after the stated delivery date of 8/31/2012. When I opened the package from GLOBAL MOBILES, I found European charger, US adaptor, German & English language instructions booklets, German apps, German voice recognition, and some typed instructions on how to get phone to work on US cell service. Well I'm not a techno geek, so this was a little puzzling for me to figure out quickly & easily.I have purchased many items through Amazon and have always been satisfied. However, I was disappointed in the representation of this product. I would have wanted to know before my purchase that I was purchasing an international unlocked phone. Buyer beware, a little more truth in advertising.It took myself & the AT&T; rep almost an hour to get the phone working correctly & remove German language issues for the voice recognition. I was finally able to remove the pre-installed German apps after several days of attempts (they kept coming back), I think they are finally gone.  The ONE big drawback so far (aside from the initial stuff) the battery life is not so great & I have it on battery saving mode. I have to recharge every day. My old Samsung Capitvate went for days before needing a charge. Is there a solution for this battery issue? Otherwise, this IS a great phone. I'll take Android any day. Another BIG plus, I'm not locked into a contract & don't have all the bloatware that cell providers think you need & want.So far, I'm happy with the phone & when I figure out all it can do, I'll love it. I also think the unlocked international version is probably the better version.  Also, I have been unable to find the user manual for the GT-19300. The Samsung site does not show one & Google searches have not come up with any. Has anyone found the user manual for the Galaxy S3 GT-19300?

Original Review: August 8, 2013I didn't even buy the phone, I'm just looking into it for my girlfriend.If you read the specs of this phone, it's clearly not the GT-I9300. The GT-I9300 has a Quad Core 1.4 GHz processor. The specs on this page says it has a dual core 1.5 GHz. This is probably the Galaxy SIII I747 or the Galaxy S3 T999 that comes with a 1.5GHz dual core snapdragon processor.Know your stuff people!Update: August 15, 2013So she decided to try her luck and purchased it. I don't know what's going on with this seller and the specs he posted on this page, as well as the many bad reviews that this product has been getting. Way too many people complaining about phone being Chinese version, or not being the i9300 galaxy siii...or even saying the product is used, or the cables won't work etc....but she is having none of those issues.I inspected the phone thoroughly when she got it, made sure everything was okay. Turns out she actually received the international one, with the quad core processor and everything. Seemed brand spanking new, all seals were unbroken and it came with all the accessories needed for use. The phone came packed with Jelly Bean 4.1.2 and everything that it should have. The phone also has no branding on it(no T-Mobile sticker or anything).The only thing that alarmed me a little was that the phone, when turned on for the first time, came up in French. It was a simple work around though, I just changed the language in the language and input settings. All the pamphlets and manuals were primarily in French as well, which is inconvenient for some people as they read that stuff...not us though so all is well.I uploaded a couple pictures, just check the customer uploaded images.

NOT UNLOCKED PHONEWhen in Brazil it did not work although I went to a official Samsung place. They had to change the  IMEI and I paid more R$ 190,00 (around US 85,00)

It met my expectation and I can recommend it to others. I wish it was cheaper though - the price I paid is equal to buying the phone from AT&T.

I bought the Samsung galaxy s3 the first week of May. The phone was functioning perfectly, but two weeks later the phone suddenly died. It was never hit or scratch, always protected with a case. I took the phone to the technical service and they told me the motherboard was damage, without any reasonable explanation. I am really mad with the decision I took of buying this phone. Fixing the phone almost cost me the same as the new one. The damage is apparently caused by a software problem.

This phone is SO cool! Plus its unlocked so it will work on any network! But the only problem I have is that I cant silence the camera noise since in other countries besides 'Murica its illegal or something to have a silent cell camera. Privacy rights or something. Youll have to get root access to silence the camera. Event third party camera apps wont work to silence it.

There was some confusion because the description describes the North American S3. I ordered from Global Mobiles and received a S3 GT-I9300 unlocked from T-Mobile from Germany (or other German speaking country). The phone works great. Just recently upgraded to Jelly Bean via Kies update (no flashing or installing custom OS required). Awesome phone.

It is the best purchase I have made until now. Although should lower the cost a bit. I really liked the product.

Great phone, stable and fast.Camera is fairly good, audio quality is ok (was better in Galaxy S1).Using Cyanogen Mod Android (no stock ROM) because Samsung's ROMs are always slow and heavily loaded with their crap.

I chose this model after nearly a year of considering options.  The android operating system appeals to me because of its open flexibility.  I know several others who have a Galaxy S III and this model seems to offer the power and capacity to get done what I need to do.  Because I travel internationally, having one phone set that can operate on various mobile systems is important to me.  So far, I've been pleased, but I know I have much more to explore and learn about the capabilities of this device.

my s3 is working very good and i am wondering if i can upgrade it with the s4 features? very good choice and would recommend it for everyone.  seeing that the s4 is out and another samsung product can the price for the s3 be decrease?

Hi i just want to mention that this international version supports only Edge not 3g or 4g with T mobile connection. i didnt try with other carrier. Please be aware, i am not sure if there is any other way to make it work on 3G

De la tecnolog&iacute;a moderna.Muy lindo, barato y llega a tiempo. buena empresa vendedora, sigan adelante, ofeciendo productos de calidad, a buen precio y cumpliendo con los tiempos

I wasn't aware of the difficulties in getting an international phone troubleshot or fixed. Its an internal slight difference or you wouldn't know there is one. I shouldn't have to send my phone across the country when there's an issue and Samsung should resolve that for their customers. Otherwise........love it!

{bought item in October 2013}After 1 month use it constantly restarts in french instead of English like i set it up it should. I don't know why...hey, at least it shutdowns and powers up in English and at least its still functions as the description said it wouldits a real phone which is good, i can update, i had updated to 4.1.2 but recently 4.3 came out and I don't want to update because it was reported the 4.3 OS decreases battery life for the s3. So this shows that this product is update-able which is good.This was my first purchase in Amazon, I am looking forward into doing Business with this seller (shopebest) again.{Edit 12/26/13}Okay, i had resolved this issue by resetting and also flashing a custom rom to this phone, this phone is the best for any sort of modifications needed for show and to make your friends or co workers jealous about your galaxy s3. With the note 3 + gear came out, you can download 3rd party apps to have the note 3  and s4 like features on your s3, and as for the gear, I have conformed that the latest os of the galaxy s3 is compatible with the galaxy gear if anyone is interested (android 4.3 jellybean). I had flashed my rom with android 4.4 kitkat to make everyone envy about my android*. With all that said, I use my galaxy s3 everyday and I would like to say that with this phone you won't have to buy any other sort of entertainment system for about 2 years.Here is the link to the seller: http://www.amazon.com/gp/aag/main?ie=UTF8&asin;=&isAmazonFulfilled;=0&isCBA;=&marketplaceID;=ATVPDKIKX0DER&orderID;=105-8599032-7389053&seller;=A20GO3CSQDOKI7*Note: I don't know anything about the warranty so I will accept any damage that happens to my phone in any software or hardware in my phone and buy a new one if necessary.

I love this phone. I have been an Android phone user since they first came out, so I may be biased. However, this phone is FAST! It is very light and thin. It does everything I need and everything I can imagine needing.The greatest thing about Android phones is the extent to which they are customizable, so your experience will vary based on how well you can customize your phone and which apps you download and install. Whether it is business, game-play, travel, internet browsing, social media using, whatever.... You will be able to find apps that will accomplish what you need.The biggest draw back to this phone is that it is SLIPPERY! It will slide right out of your hand and onto the floor if you are not careful. And the screen is so thin and fragile that it will shatter if dropped at all.I highly recommend a rugged case for this phone to protect it. (That it also why I don't recommend that you spend too much on the phone, it has been out long enough that you should be able to find it for around $100 with a contract, or less).

Seriously. I've gone through two of these phones now. Last night while it was sitting in my pocket it cracked again. This phone might be fine in the delicate hands of a woman, but for a ham-fisted man like myself (and most men), it's a joke. A toy. It's too bad because otherwise the phone rocks with the exception of poor Bluetooth performance -- way worse than my Epic 4G. I'm off to get a Razr.

My wife is asking for a Samsung Galaxy III or IV, however, from reading these reviews it appears we would be making the same mistake that we made when we bought their HDTVs--zero support when the item dies due to poor-quality internals.My wife's 40-inch Samsung HDTV in our bedroom died just after the 1-year warranty expired, and neither Samsung nor the vendor would help.When our 52-inch Samsung HDTV in our living room also died about 3 years after we had purchased it, the repairman asked over the phone,"Does it make a clicking sound when you try to turn it on, but no picture appears?""Yes, how did you know""Samsung is infamous for using cheap but poor-quality capacitors. We get calls for this type of repair every day. You're lucky you got 3 years out of it. Most die just after the one-year warranty expires, like your wife's did.""How much to come to our home to replace the capacitors in the 52-incher?""$350, including the 4 capacitors that need replacement."

UPDATE 5/03/2013: Just read a post elsewhere where someone said Android was only good for web,email, and stupid games. I chuckled to myself and replied...Seriously? I'm not saying Android can do everything, but in the last three hours (while doing other stuff) I used my S3 to look up the current exchange rate for USD to GBP, updated an associate's excel spreadsheet to use the current exchange rate in several formulas, edited a professional four track audio file to delete an unneeded intro and shorten the song to the desired length and moved the key up two semitones and mixed it down to 2track stereo, then used it to drive from one part of Caracas to another using real time traffic updates to avoid the fabled traffic jams, here. If all one wants to do is web, email and games, why buy an Android product?+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++The unlocked international version that Yapper provides is just what I was looking for. I'll talk first about the not-so-obvious reasons why this phone is the best in the world. I love traveling and can't imagine being stuck with a stupid US model that only works with one US provider. This phone works great with TMobile and ATT in the US, and all of the GSM providers that the rest of the world uses... no roaming! Battery life is way better than my iphone, but even better is the peace of mind you get with being able to swap out the battery with a fresh one if you can't get a charge for a couple of days. (Yes, I can get a couple of days from the battery while the iphone can't even get one day!) The same USB cable you use to charge with is also the data cable that plugs right into the USB port of any computer (or tablet), allowing you to share files with the phone's memory or sd card. You can't do that with an iphone. Of course, you can also swap out the sd card, giving you yet another way to share files with others or simply add storage... can't do that with an iphone, either. I've only had this phone since mid June, but already I've helped out others several times by turning on the wifi hotspot feature that let them see my phone as a wifi hotspot and use my cell data connection for their laptops and tablets. These are a few of the not-so-obvious things this phone can do that others can't. The obvious things that make this phone the best include the big, beautiful screen, incredibly light weight and thinness, speed, buttery smoothness, availability of apps and no need for a computer or itunes! Finally, a real life example. We were driving near Seattle, trying to make three appointments in scattered locations that involved two ferry crossings (not realizing what that means in summer on a Friday!!)  While I was driving, she was using the the GS3 to check the web for ferry schedules at different locations, get upates on wait times, comparing alternative drive times, making calls, finding the nearest gas, and getting driving directions to three places we had never been before. As Friday traffic closed in around us (can you imagine how much traffic on a beautiful summer Friday in the Puget Sound?) we were able to avoid overloaded ferries, drive our way into reverse commutes avoiding miles-long backups, circumnavigated Puget Sound and made all three appointments. At the end of the day as we rode the last ferry across Puget Sound, she looked at her unused iphone, put it in the glove compartment and said, "Wow! That was amazing to use the GS3. I can't go back to using an iphone, now... I couldn't have done all that in time." After a beat she chuckled and added, "Just all the pinching and zooming would have driven me nuts!"

The phone was not unlocked not work with any telephone operator. It was unlocked from the factory as indicated. Deception

I love this phone &#60;3Excelente tel&eacute;fono, lleg&oacute; a mis manos en Venezuela, en perfecto estado y todo en orden. Me encanta la pantalla t&aacute;ctil del equipo, la c&aacute;mara es lo m&aacute;ximo, y todas sus funciones son excepcionales.

I didnt get it yet and I have been waiting forover a month. I expected to find it on FedEx, but when I put the tracking number in it said item not found.

That's a very good phone. Unfortunately I didn't got an answer on some of my questions, before I bought it.

sometimes is hard to connect internet by wi-fi and sometimes impossible. Battery turn-off saving, mostly, help me with this problem in United States. I hope this does not happens when I come back to Brazil!!!

I'm not going to bore you with the many goodies this phone brings about. I'll just say that I'm pretty satisfied with the product, it is everything it's promised. The interface is fast and intuitive, even if you're not familiar with android devices. The only downside is the the finish on the body does look like plastic and not metallic, like it's shown in the pic and the widget for video player is a tad small for my taste. The device is surprisingly light, tho and it's A LOT easier to handle with both hands. I haven't tried  it with any games yet, I have yet to download a couple and see how it works but so far, so good. Recommended!!

Well, almost. Just for the charger. It comes with a weird German (?) wall plug. Since the plug is changeable, just hoped to be warned and have the option to buy the correct one, instead of that huge adapter.Besides that, great product and arrived as expected.

I bought this phone last month. I thought I got the real model, but they sent me the European version.Till then I was fun cause I could use it. But the battery seems to be fake. It can't give a a four hours.I must constantly charge my phone, otherwise it's useless.I think now I might need to buy another battery (waste of money eitherway!)

I love my T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S3 the best smart phone ever! The technology surpasses any out there and it is light years ahead of any Apple products.

I can,t start the phone it's without software it is not gt-i9300 it is a korean version and now i have 1 week in America and i can't send you back the phone sooo im not happy

I absolutely love my SIII. . size took a while getting used to though because I have small hands but all in all it was worth the buy.. The only other issue though was that the SIM card from my carrier was too big for the micro SIM slot, so I had to cut it down to size by removing the excess plastic surrounding it..

I wanted to buy an IPhone but I changed my mind and bought this one. I am happy I did

Lost by UPS waiting for another one sent by dealer. Retailer should atomatically send another one when one is lost by the carrier.

I had a very bad experience with trying two different Samsung Galaxy S3 phones.  Each phone worked very well for the first 24 hours or so.However, thereafter the phone froze on me.  Despite multiple attempts to reboot the phone by turning the phone off (if I could) or taking the battery out, the phone would either not even reboot correctly or soon after it did, would freeze.Since it happened on two consecutive models, the retailer that I purchased it from, thought there may have been a problem with the apps that I tried to place on the phone.  I had the same set of apps on my Samsung Fascinate which I have been fairly pleased with until I started to run into a marked reduction in battery life about 2-3 months ago.I wasted about 8 hours of my time trying to make this phone work for me.  It was a very frustrating experience.  I will probably now buy an iPhone despite the fact that the Samsung Galaxy S3 would have been my third generation of Samsung smartphone.I continue to read the positive reviews of others, but I did not have a good experience with this phone.

the phone is a Chinese version similar to S3, not like the truth and sell it at the price of the original. not specify the type of phone, I need to return

I am upset with this phone because I didn't even get a chance to use it.  Do not purchase this phone, I repeat Do not purchase this phone.  The description clearly states UNLOCKED INTERNATIONAL VERSION.  that is the main reason why i purchased it. When I received the phone and put in the sim card, the phone was locked. I am mad as hell because I was very excited about the S3, but was shocked and disappointed when I could not get it to work.  I tried contact the seller and all I was told was to return it, what  a joke.  I feel very decieved

I am not happy with this phone I bought from this company, I have problems with the settings, I am not able to setup my phone the way I want...

My phone works perfect with the local carrier, I have had no issues with it, I'm incredibly happy with my purchase.

I replaced an ailing Iphone 4 that was two years old for the New Samsung Galaxy S3 and found it to be very disappointing. Though it does many things more than the iphone, the few things that a phone should do, don't compare to the performance of the Iphone. A swiss army knife is a poor substitute for a tool that does a few things well. Despite having a larger screen, I find the clarity and pixle density on the iphone to be better. The porcessor and ram are also better on the Samsung but you wouldn't know it by using them both. I couldn't find an easy way to shut down programs without opening various menus and had horrible battery life because of it. I ultimately just like the structure of the App store and IOS on Apple so much better. I also found that Flash doesn't work on the New Samsung so the only supposed plus over the iphone is false. I really thought that the competition was heating up against Apple but with this newest phone it looks like Apple is still ahead.

Brazil - Gramado - Rio Grande do SulWas this vendor, I never got the phone as well never answered e-mails, Do not trust the vendor

The Google Nexus 4 would have been a far more sound choice at $350, but it has no micro sd slot, which would cost $0.05 to add and its exclusion is intolerable. Off course Google, wants you stream everything through the cloud and of course buy it from them so they don't want users havin no stinkin expandable storage. So the most comparable phone with expandable storage is this the Galaxy S3. But man does the price hurt in comparison. The only real disappointment was that it cannot play Hi10p and if you don't know what that is, you wont have any complaints about a Galaxy S3. Well maybe that it isn't an S4...

I bought this phone a few day ago, and was thrilled when it arrived. so crisp and clean. I took it to the local verizon store only to find out it is not compatible. Super upset about it, i only give it three stars for not being compatible with verizon.

While I liked the functionality of the phone for the brief time I used it, I find it absurd that if the phone is dropped, with a case on, the screen shatters and that is considered NORMAL and my fault.  The phone fell from table height to the concrete and fell flat.  The entire front cracked.  I was told it was a glass front, was not defective, and I had to buy a new phone.  I have had the phone less that two weeks, and find this response disappointing and unacceptable.  I did not purchase the phone from Amazon, and Sprint is my carrier.  Maybe these things make a difference.

item was new in unopent box.camear super...Full new,with accesories.Working great,Speed super.good price for this features...Recommend

It is great and my only concern is the battery consumption: if you get addicted to using it, you'll drain the batteries too soon

Went from iPhone 4s to Galaxy S3.  Getting used to it and using Doubletwist for iTunes music.  Just tired of the whole Apple monopoly and arrogance.  Phone worked great out of the box with extra directions from shipper.  Using Straight Talk with no difficulty in getting that setup.

I went from a G2 to the galaxy S3. First off this phone has so many annoyances it's sickening. Firstly, it gets ridiculously hot. I have had to send it in twice because the temperature was reading 120 degrees (F) when I wasn't even using it. The phone runs so slow I almost want to throw it at a wall. The keyboard takes on average 15 seconds to come up and load, EVERY time, WITH power saving apps turned off. Battery life is abysmal, I use power saving mode and juice defender together. And you know whats even more convenient, when you have a low battery and you cannot even open the camera app, it's really great. The capture button on the camera app is so inconvienently located that it's impossible to get a clear, non blurry picture. Avoid this phone at all costs.

Replaced by a Nokia Lumia 920, 1 month after the purchase.The Android OS is too complicated compared to the Windows Phone 8.1.

This is an awesome Cell phone. It was delivered on time. The box was sealed properly. I hope i can buy the samsung galaxy S iv very soon...

It was everything it said it was going to be and more, it's incredibly awesome and beautiful. Best cell phone i have ever purchased, would recommend this to my friends anytime!!!!!

product arrived on time, brand new and in excellent condition. My daughter really enjoys this phone, she likes better than Iphone. Thank you.

I used to own a Galaxy S2 and since it was excellent i decided to buy the S3 which is more than excellent.This is the QuadCore version which works perfect.I would like to say more, but i think that a video in youtube is better to describe how excellent is this phone.About the battery, it is alsmot 50% better than the Galaxy S2.Apple has nothing to do against this one because the S3 is very focused in sharing (info, pics, music, etc etc etc) and on the other hand, the mentality of Apple is Anti-Sharing.

Now this is called a smart phone. It is a smart companion, rather than being just a phone! It can sense when to lock itself, all the motion sensors & smart tasks. Oh. I love this!

I love my s3 it got to me on time and it wss at a great price just wish I could have gotten the 32gig version, also my one complaint is that the charger was the uk jack. But other than that I love it

First, it was very easy to buy the phone and it was delivered before the expected delivery date, so right off I was very happy with Amazon. The product arrived without any problems, all the extras were with the phone such as headphones and a nice battery charger. The phone charged up nicely and has kept a charge for about 3 to 4 days at a time. I'm very happy with my purchase and I'm contented with this phone and all of it's features.

Switched over from an iPhone 4 and like the OS...Love Androd flexibility, customization, etc. just not on this phone.After 2 days I bought an extended battery which made a large phone - large and HEAVY.I put the original battery back in, dropped it, shattered the glass, and bought a Droid Razr Maxx HD off of Craigslist.That's my experience.  I hope it helps people.Good luck out there!

I ordered this phone a couple weeks ago as a gift for my boyfriend and I am quite happy. The package came on time and was exactly what it was supposed to be. And the phone, amazing! Super-fast, ridiculously clean graphics and just overall awesome. I had a really hard time handing it over and am considering getting one myself. People have been labeling it the iPhone killer. I wouldn't necessarily go that far as to say it kills the iPhone but its certainly giving it a run for its money! Definitely get this phone if you're considering it.

Its a incredible cellphone, super fast, hd screen,  excelent aplications, all you can use it for a good  price, you can buy this cellphone with closed eyes, also protect your cellphone with a otherbox case for a extra protection.

ALTHOUGH I LOVE THE S3  THIS VENDOR SELLS ME A PHONE THAT IT'S MODIFIED AND I'VE BEEN THROUGH HELL TRYING TO UPDATE THE FIRMWARE.BOTTOM LINE THE PHONE IT'S AMAZING, GREAT DEAL, NO ISSUES WHATSOEVER (EXCEPT THE UPDATE TO 4.1.2 BUT IT'S NOT A SAMSUNG PROBLEM).

Before I bought this superb smart phone I did a lot of research and comparison. Then I read the smart phone ratings in Consumers Report and it helped me to finally decide on this instead of an iphone. You will not be mistaken in choosing this very good phone. It is very highly recommended.

Product was in perfect condition! Arrived as it said even thought it was around Christmas time. The phone is very user friendly, quick, and takes great pictures. Lots of interesting features.

es el mejor tel&eacute;fono que existe en el mercado no tiene comparaci&oacute;n me gusta porque es tener toda la informaci&oacute;n de tu vida en un solo equipo

Excelent, Tks for your services. The Thelephone is a experience great fantastic. Happy New Year and Merry Merry Christmas. 2014

The product I bought with the order number # 002-5767992-7866665 did not fullfil my expectations due to the fact that it does not work properly. It has very poor signal, and in most cases, whenever I want to talk to someone in a phone call, they do not hear to me. This is why I am doing this claim to you and I want to know which solution are you going to offer me.I do want to make clear that another product with the  order number  #002-4076089-4078627 (same phone) works well.Waiting to hearing from you soon,Regards,Eduardo Varini

The phone is good so far, my only problem is the sim slot is too small. Currently I'm using it to surf the net through wi-fi. It's a cool phone

I love to travel here, there and everywhere. Most of the time I spend my vacations out of the country and one of the problems that travelers often encounter is the kind of phone to use. It is difficult not to be able to contact your friends and families whenever you are traveling, it is also not advisable to always purchase a local mobile phone whenever you are in another country. Thus, I opted to buy the Samsung Galaxy S. This phone can be used no matter where you are on the planet since it has been unlocked by the manufacturer itself.  Although I have found several negative reviews in some aspects about this phone, I still bought it knowing that all I need is to have a phone that will help me in constant communication with my love ones no matter where I am in the planet. What is more interesting is that I bought it for half the original price, a great value for a great cellphone indeed.

Good buy! Think I got a great phone, love the apps, love the size just perfect especially at the price I got it at.

i liked the phone very much. it is easy to operate and to view.  i would tell my friends to buy it.

This is the best phone that has come to the world market to date.I think this is more than iPhone in many ways.My brother has a Iphone 4s and was watching everything the mine offers and decided to sell the iPhone to buy a Galaxy S3.At first I thought it was overkill when critics called it &#34;the iPhone killer&#34; but I think they are right.

The phone is just the right size so far no complaints.  Working well no freezing. Only thing manual. Need to change weather from centigrade to f'.

Perfect couldn't ask for better. The service was excellent and the product is more than I expected. Glad I purchased it.

Selecciono este rango por que el producto es de buena calidad, y la entrega fue a tiempo.Se los recomiendo

I cannot believe it. I began use of this phone on Tuesday 6th May 2014. On Monday 19th May 2014, LESS THAN two weeks after I began using this phone the screen went completely blank on me. Nothing triggered this, the phone has never fallen or anything. The screen simply died. I now have to pay $400 EC dollars, MORE THAN HALF the price I paid for this phone to have it repaired. I am FURIOUS and NEED to be COMPENSATED for this great loss! Further more this phone is not 3g/4g compatible and works at snail speed I am COMPLETELY dissatisfied.

The phone function nice. The material the phone made of is VERY CHEAP. The phone fell from a couch hight, the plastic part broke the screen shattered..Samsung needs to build there electronics from a material that is little more expessive..I like the phone technology. AGAIN VERY POOR MATERIAL, AS IF THE PLASTIC BELONGS TO A 99 CENT STORE.

This product with very good and much more features and a easy keyboard to send a text. I loved this product

It's my first android and so far its working perfect, i was a little nervous because i'm in Venezuela but it's working just fine!

I used this phone with my straight talk plan and it works perfectly I was able to link my Facebook to it as we'll as my google contacts with no problem

About a month after purchasing the phone I knocked it off of my coffee table onto a hardwood floor and the screen cracked. This was an 18" drop onto wood and the screen broke.I've seen some of the cheaper repairs for the phone where just the glass is replaced and the end result isn't very good, the screen looks cloudy afterwards. Someone I work with had this done.The screen replacement, that Samsung performs, looks to be about $300, might as well just purchase a sturdier phone (any phone other than the S3) so that I'm not going through this in another month.The phone is also a little big for jean pockets.On the plus side, the phone is very responsive, takes good pictures, and has a very nice screen (until it breaks).

&#34;Excellent phone. As described was Factory unlocked & the international version. I'm using it in South American without a problem. After setting up the phone and as soon I put the sim card was making phone calls and receiving emails. &#34;

This is not a smart phone is the smart phone. I am sure that this review will only add to the countless positive review this phone already had.

the phone itself is def wht i was looking for. a lil over priced but its not bad at all.

These telephone is the best phone I have used.  It is has almost replaced my ipad. The only problem I had was with the volume button, didnt work well, but It was fixed for USD 20.

and excelent item sure meets the expected will sure buy another . . . . . . . . .

At the time of this review this is the best Android smartphone. That's what I expected when ordered and when I got it, I was not disappointed. Those familiar with Android will find all usual features, in a fast responding hardware, a beautiful large screen and a very thin and slick profile. Also some nice Samsung widgets and apps that come with it make initial configuration quick. The phone came unlocked and I was able to use my SIM card without any additional steps, besides the fact that it had to be converted into a microSIM using my knife :)Only one surprise when I got it - the phone came pre-configured for the German market, including language settings and some local bloatware. Eventually it was not a problem, I just switched the language and removed the bloatware (most of it was removable).A few points worth mentioning:Speed - I have had quite a few Android devices, phones and tablets - this is the fastest and smoothest one by far.Camera - I was very surprised with the speed of the camera and the quality of the pics.S-Voice (Siri equivalent) - pretty much worthless at this point...Contacts - I liked the additional options in the Samsung version, such as merging various user profiles (Facebook, Google, Skype etc) into one contact.Sound - Seems that the sound quality and max volume in the headphones are better than other devices I have/had.It has a Barometer, it's nice to have, still trying to find uses for it.

This would be an excellent, international phone if the 3G 1700 frequency band and the microSD card slot were NOT missing.

Easy to work, Amazing picture and video quality.Good looks, effective touch screen, all around a great phone.Would recommend to anyone.

This is a very good Phone with lots of features and is the top notch in terms of technology and usefool tools.

I researched the phone a lot before buying.  I went on a formum called Howards forum and talked to several people there.  Then I talked to the seller of this phone who gave me helpful info on which phone to get.  I was  worried about buying the international over the US version.  Seller said it was better and so did the forums.  I have service through a small provider.  I have always had a Blackberry and had upgraded as soon as the new one came out.  We got my mother a Samsung because she wanted a smartphone and I loved what she had.  Galaxy 2.  Anyway I got my phone 2 days after order was placed.  I am not sure why anyone would have problems with the phone being in German.  It gives instructions on how to set the phone before you can open the box.  Box is sealed with the instructions.  Phone is very fast, pictures are beautiful.  Camera has none of the lag of other camera phones I have owned have.  I practiced on the grand kids today and got very good action shots.  Everything is set up to send the photos anywhere you want.  I will be getting an Otterbox cover as I really don't want to damage that beautiful screen.. I seem to be running the battery down fast but I have downloaded lots of apps and pictures so I hope thats it.  So far it seems to last one day between charges.  But as I say I have been using pretty heavy. So far I would buy this phone again.

Amazing phone I have it over an year already and it still works perfectly. Works fast has a lot of memory and a good photo resolution.

The samsung galaxy s3 is an extraordinary phone, and I am very happy to use it. The UI is very user friendly and is easy to use. The phone has enough power to run near any app and also doesnt take a billion hours to turn on. the battery lasts all day if I am listening to music and using the internet. The camera works really well and is easy to use, the pictures are clear and beautiful.

This was a gift for my wife and now she is very happy with the mobile phone because it has better performance her old mobile phone.

unbelievable i always hear people talking about smart phones but i never pay attention on it until now i have my Samsung galaxy S3 and believe me a great phone sorry but i just dump my BB torch 9810

Its was good for 1 year and the battery died

In the title of the publication they said this was a I9300 SAMSUNG GALAXY SIII, but they sent me a SGH-T999 SGS3 in a fake box without the headphones.Is not the same phone, not the same processor. The phone is really good, but even so i'm disapointed.

The phone seems to be great.....but I have not been able to obtain a micro sims card for my factory unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 111, since purchasing. My intentions in paying full price for the phone was to cancel my current cell phone provider, going to a straight talk plan. Cutting my monthly payment in half made the expense worth it. At this time, all I did was get a phone I can not use to get onto a straight talk plan. I need a micro sims card and phone service for the Adirondacks area code 12032 for unlimited talk, unlimited text and unlimited data if anyone can help me please!!!

It's amazing, its form factor, the big bright screen, the battery life... but I noticed it gets kinda slow when there are a few apps runnin at the same time, it didn't happen to me with my iPhone 4S.

This phone is amazing.  The screen is crystal-clear, the connections are ultra-fast, and the camera is better than my real camera.  The operating system works smoothly.  The battery life is long.  Best phone/mini-computer ever.

I TRIED TO ACTIVATE THE PHONE BUT I CAN'T CAUSE IT IS REGISTERED WITH ANOTHER PHONE LINE AND IT IS NOT NEW, IT IS USED. I WANT TO CHANGE THIS PHONE

this product is a tool of work and i`m feel very good whit the funtions and aplications. Congratulation to the person that showed for me. this phone is great and has different aplication that are important to the job and compared to other smartphones in my opinion can not say which is better but this works very well. The operation is relative to the need and for my needs this is perfect.

great phone,I got it to my brother and he just loved itthe phone arrived fast and I loved the service

It's great phone. Very intuitive. Nice sleek design and responsive touchscreen. Very easy to transfer files from pc and mac.

I have had a S III before and i know that with all cellphones, once you get it you must let the battery run down completely before charging it. I did that and once it was fully charged, i unplugged it. 5 hours later the battery is at 10 % and the pop up messgae is on the screen asking for the charger to be plugged in.I will take a closer look at the battery life again and re submit my findings

The galaxy s III is without a doubt the best phone you can get. It wins over the competition in any measurable aspect.

very sleek and good looking phone. handy and lesser weight. easy to carry. fast and perfect. everybody will like this phone. good seller

Nice device, I have nexus one and it is very similar. We will see if this model is better or not

The Samsung Galaxy S3 smartphone I bought was suposed to be new and factory unblocked, but it wasn't. I went to a Samsung booth at a Best Buy store and the Samsung thecnician said that my cellphone is false. It's a shame!.  I' m very upset! Now I'm a owner of a false Samsung smartphone!What can I do now?Amazon shold ban this kind of company.Is there anyone from Amazon that could do something to give me what I bought?I will aprecciate if I could have an answer from Amazon.

is the best cellphone i have ever tried. Its really fast and it takes really good potos. i love it

-after 4 months the usb port stop working and the phone is not under warranty by Samsung and is really hard to get it fix

Thank you this program work for what I needed. I want to thank the agent for helping me save money.

Just buy the product if you really want to loose your money. The phone its a good camera. A lot of bugs.

This cellphone is wonderfull. Very fast abd with it, you always will be connected. Everyone who buy this phone will enjoy it.

Equipo muy moderno con muchas aplicaciones dise&ntilde;o elegante colores modernos cumple 100 % mis necesidades, lo unico malo es la poca duracion de la bateria

Almost flawless in that it has only German text assistance available. Love the FM radio feature. Switching between a Wi-Fi and network connection to the same web station can be glitchy.

The best quality smartphone. incredible functionality and unbeatable operating system. I highly recommend if you want quality products for communication and distraction. unsurpassed quality.

I find myself in unusual position praising iPhone :-)  I bought Galaxy SIII for my brother overseas, who replaced his iPhone 4 or 4S. There are many things he likes about Galaxy SIII; however, he seriously considers changing it to iPhone 5. I don&#8217;t know why, but it is a fact. My wife is quite happy with Galaxy SIII, but she never had iPhone.

excellent product nice screen now i know what they call s,art phones battery last long and speakers are loud enough great value

very surprised by the poor service from this seller and Amazon, we buy this cellphone and a month of using the phone stopped charging, I wrote to the supplier and Amazon to apply the guarantee but referred me to contact Samsung, Samsung told me they apply the warranty only to phones purchased in her page directly. It was very disappoinedbecause anyone fix me the problem and I paid for a very expensive phone.

This cellphone is kind of expensive. However it has lots of useful features.It has some cons, for example S voice does not work as well as you may think based on the ads. also the battery discharges to fast, in my case it does not even last a whole day.

I'm really statified this phone but battery is  not good. But very good for me to used and this phone is unlocked phone but i did

I just received a new samsung galaxy s3. when I started the camera I realize that there was a ghost of black circle and it never gone even in video mode. I checked the lens and it was crystal clear no scratches or dust. I think I have to go back to Xperia.

Firstly love the color pebble blue don't know much about the phone but love my apps that I have downloaded great picture quality and smooth sound quality mi just a gwaan play with it until mi understand it zeen

Great phone but it does too much. I wont use half of the capability of this phone nor would I waste my time trying to figure it out. It also is a battery hog with so many things running. There is a point where less is more and we finally reached that point. I sort of miss my htc inspire. Be prepared to have spare batteries or have a charger with you where ever you go. On a recent trip to Florida we could not use the phone as much as we needed to because the battery life is so short.

Wach out! I Bought the international version, but I was sent the SGH-747 model from AT&T.; I had to unlock it by my own to be supported in my country. I was lucky with the tutorials on youtube. 3 Star Rating.Update1: The AT & T model sent turned out to be better than the international version, has more resources to use in apps. In comparative SG-i9300 vs SGH-747. Now I have a better phone than I expected. That he went up to 4 stars but by sheer luck of fate.Update2: After rooted with CyanogenMod Jelly Bean 4.3.1 was able to run high end games like GTA3, GTA VC, GTA SA, Dungeon Hunter 4, Modern Combat 4 Zero Hour, Need for Speed Most Wanted, Street Fighter IV, Anomaly 2 with no problem about insufficient resources.

promptly responsded to inquiries before and AFTER SALES and GUARANTEED the product also.... Before and after the sale.The phone is great. I had iPhone from the first to the 4S and always had issues. The latest was an APPLE UPDATE which made the iPhone useless.... the Samsung so far if GREAT... can't say that I will ever go back to Apple now that I've tried ANDROID/ SAMSUNG. had other androids before this one, none were good.... Till the Galaxy SIII.Definitely buy!

I have never seen such a good phone with the crappiest battery. AT&T sent me another battery after I escalated to executive escalation but not much changed. Without battery any phone is good for nothing so I am giving it 1 star.

Battery life much lower than advertised.  ALso, I had ordered two of these, and one fell on the ground and the screen cracked - is this covered by warranty?

Love the screen, size, weight of this phone. I strongly recommend it though i still have to make use of the NFC feature.

It is the best cell phone that i have buy. It's realy fast and easy to use the camera it has a goog resolution, the only thing that i find a probem is the battery only has battery for 12 hours

Just received the phone today, took it to Verizon to get the smaller SIM card and was informed that this phone is not compatible with the Verizon network.  Amazon customer service worked with on setting up returning the phone.Kind of bummed, but off to the big blue box to pick up the phone.

It was for the first time that I did not pay enough attention to the reviews for this seller and &#34;was happen also to me&#34;.I received a fake product. It did not work ok from the start but did not realize that is a fake samsung. The serial number on the telephone was different from the serial number on the case and I saw this only after a personel from a service point from one of mobile carrier show me.I send back and the story has a happy end - I received back all the money from Amazon.

I purchased my phone online through my wireless carrier. The phone arrived 2 days later. The first thing I notice was how thin and fragile feeling it was, which immediately set up a red flag in my mind. As a result, I paid close attention to how I handled the phone and made plans to get a cover the very next day. I activated the phone and fell in love with it instantly. The next day, I pulled the phone out of my pocket as I walked into the wireless store to buy a cover and found the screen had broken while in my pocket. I had not bumped into anything, I had nothing else in my pocket. Additionally, the pants were not tight, so the phone moved around easily in said pocket. My wireless provider would not work with me on getting the screen fixed (told me my only option was to use my insurance) and at the prodding of some friends, I contacted Samsung directly. They told me a cracked screen voids the warranty so any repairs would be chargable. This burns me for two reason: 1. my carrier has a 15 day love or return it policy, which I now cannot use if I discover this phone doesn't meet my needs b/c the screen is cracked. 2. If any other functionality fails during the original warranty period, I have no rights b/c the screen broke and the warranty is now void. I would LOVE to be writing a glowing review of this phone, but instead I'm left with a bad taste in my mouth regarding this so-called "warranty". I will likely steer as far away from Samsung as possible in the future. I had an LG that fell from a 6 foot high railing onto a concrete patio and the only thing that happened was the battery falling out. This fragile hunk of plastic broke in my pocket. I think I'll stick with LG next time... in the meantime, I get to spend the next 18 months with a phone that makes me angry every time I look at it. It's going to be a long 18 months.

my new toy for christmas!!!!i found this device in amazon market place and i loved it at first.and price was awesome!! i expect enjoy it for long time

S3 is a very advanced mobile phone. i bought from wire4less, the only thing im not quite satisfied is there is the boe wasnt sealed, which makes me think it might a second hand or returned item.

el mejor equipo que he tenido, supero todas mis expectativas, los accesorios son lo mejor, lo &uacute;nico que cambiaria es el adaptador de corriente

This is my first Smartphone and I have to say it: I love it!User-friendly and with a lot of features, this is a AWESOME phone.

What can I say, this Galaxy III is a replacement to my Galaxy S (first generation)It came clean with (Android 4.3 Jelly Bean) and no visible signs of scratches or damage, I was able to drop in, power up and log on in just minutes.I love it and so will you..

I needed a phone that has the latest technology, it is easy to handle, great, internet access and having camera.

The product arrived in only 4 days, definitely I will be doing business again with FGS Trading. . . . . . . . .

i just love this phone so much it a great buy and the price is just wonderful  fnljkgh efh f jdfbv ldkjfhvlefhv sdhfioerh sduveuih uhfv udsf hfv dfg  gr drg rt

The screen is not bright enough in a sunny day. Cannot see anything even at full brightness.Too big for my pocket, it almost bends when i sit.Battery life is horrible.If i get sweat touch wont work. After a full dry I have to restart phone.Phone gets too hot while talkibg or charging or playing anything.

I bought the G3 primarily to use as a GPS on my motorcycle and send the audio to my helmet via bluetooth. It worked great. My only complaint of the G3 is that the home screen does not rotate like all other screens and that it seems to go through the battery quicker than other phones and needs charged at least onece a day. The audio quality during calls is good. The size makes it challenging for one handed operation if you have smaller hands.

Good cell phone, with excellent performance. I recommended. I am very happy wiht them. Good camera wiht good resollution and excellent photos.

Beware, I bought this phone in October and two weeks ago the 4.3 update was downloaded OTA and after installed the phone was not able to make or receive calls anymore, it said not registered to the network, so I contacted the seller and he told me Samsung would cover the warranty ( By the way the NO WARRANTY ) was not there when I bought the phone, any way I callled Samsung Headquarters and they told me SAMSUNG DOES NOT COVER ANY SAMSUNG PHONE BOUGHT THROUGH AMAZON, so here I am with a useless three month old Samsung S3 sold through Amazon by an irresponsible seller who only wants to sell phones with no support to buyers, that is money talk.Good day

My screen cracked after 10 days and it was not dropped. Samsung says cracked screens aren't under warranty and there are pages of complaints on google regarding this.My Verizon provider said I would have to file insurance claim with 10 day deductible and I may get a refurbished phone. I told them this is not acceptable. My first Samsung product and my last.Wait for I5 to come out is my recommendation.

Good morning, the phone great, filled my expectations, but the charger came with the European terminal. not the U.S., to charge the phone I had to buy a power adapter European to American system. It is unfortunate.

Having owned a vast number of cellphones myself from different brands and using different OS I'm forced to recommend this one, not only because it absolutely met my expectations but because it shows how a great product, with a great design and a fantastic software implementation can be put out there for a fair price.

The phone I purchased works perfectly with the carrier I intended to use it on. (Straight-talk)... The company sent me the SIM card, It took a few seconds to install... contacted straight-Talk with the required info... within an hour, phone and data were in full operation.Now I have a top of the line phone with an unlimited phone/data plan at only $46.00 a month... ( half the price  of other carriers. )

The product isn't the one as described. Actually the phone is the model AT&T SGH-I747 instead of the international version I9300, as described!

To insert SIM card and Memory card battery needs to remove.very low quality body (very sensitive)Its having good software features and technology. comparing to all features its expensive.

Excelente equipo y excelente los servicios del vendedor al entregar a tiempo y en optimas condiciones el producto requerido por mi..

First foray into ICS - never going back to IOS.  This phone is awesome.  Size can be a bit unwieldy, but it is FAST, FAST, FAST.

It's all they say about this cell.Ithink it's too much tecnology for us in Brasil.Great buy. I recomend it for all Amazon buyers

This phone is a disappointment. Despite the hype about Gorilla Glass 2.0, the display is the easily most fragile I have ever seen on a cell phone (this by itself justifies one star). The battery lasts barely 10 hours under light use. S-voice is essentially useless - it takes three times as long to get it to do anything useful than does Google Voice Search. Samsung support is poor and unresponsive.

no issues of any kind at all cause its working smoothly and I enjoy using the Samsung Galaxy S3 i9300 16GB

Everywhere I looked people were carrying or using the new Samsung Galaxy S III phone, so when I went looking for a new smart phone I picked this one for me.  While the phone is stylish and filled with lots of new technology, my experience was disappointing to say the least.  The phone was unconfortable to hold for longer phone calls, too thin along the edges to grip comfortably for me.  The screen was beautiful, put in spite of contantly killing tasks and shutting off wireless, bluetooth and GPS the battery would drain extremely fast.  I was constanly looking for the charger to plug it back in to top the battery off.  Just seemed to be too energy hungry.  Then to top it off it kept locking up and after repeated trips to the cellphone carrier, rebooting it, reactivating it and resetting it to start over from scatch again - 15 minutes later it was locked up once again.  Finally the store ran a diagnostic test and decided to give me another phone to try.  Connectivity on this one seemed to be a bit sub par for both the network and for wireless, maybe it was just my bad luck, but I gave up and got a Motorola Razr Maxx. So far I have been very pleased for all things that smart phones are supposed to be able to do.  The battery life too of this phone is phenominal compared to the Samsung Galaxy S III doing the same things that were draining the Samsung right down.  It is a bit bulkier, but I like the feel, it feels sturdier and with the thicker edge it is easier to hold even though it is a bit heavier with the more powerful battery onboard.  Maybe the looks are not as sleek, but I do not feel like it is going to slip out of my hand as easlily either.  Yes the picture quality is not the same, but if I want to watch HD movies I am not the type to do so on my cellphone either, when there are so many other choices that are so much better than any cellphone.

Placed the phone on the kitchen counter, walked away for 10 minutes, and when I returned the glass was shattered. Prior to this the phone had never been dropped and was getting light use. Naturally, Samsung won't accept that the glass broke WITHOUT CAUSE! When it comes to broken glass the customer is always to blame. So, I'm screwed and have to eat it. However...I don't have to by a Samsung phone next time.I suggest you do an internet search of "Samsung Galaxy S3 glass defect" and see what you find before you by this phone.

As the product description, I IS AN UNLOCKED INTERNATIONAL VERSION, but it was not real!!!! It is locked, i try to unlocked via samsung and they told me it is imposibel because it is an Italian version! i felt rober!!!

The Galaxy SIII is a direct competitor to the iPhone 5. It is in many respects superior to the iPhone but because of the many versions of phones using Android OS, the Android OS lags behind in apps that do audio like guitar amp simulaton software. I expect that it will catch up soon. The larger screen is a big plus for me. It's sharp, bright and the colors accurate and well saturated. The 8 Megapixel camera is as good as many point shoot stand alone cameras. This thing is solid and can take licking. I haven't tried it myself but if you look up the torture test on Cnet's "Always On" program with Molly Wood. You'll see that this thing can take a beating. All in all, it is an impressive phone.

Pretty good works as should it.fast shippment no worriesmuch better than i could imaginerecommended if you need a cell phone

Mobile is an excellent consider it a powerful machine.I love galaxy s3.recommend,I buy itnowI try it

I researched before I bought. I have nothing negative other than I keep playing with it like a new toy received at Christmas, and Christmas is long gone.I am coming from a bb, so there is more screen, more power, more apps, and just a lot more fun. I dont know all that it can do yet but I love finding out new things on a daily basis.

Gets hot, battery life is dismal, poor Bluetooth stereo signal (about 5 feet) and poor Wi-Fi signal. Specs are sweet but performance is seriously lacking. Trust me the IPhone 5 will crush this. Touch screen is not very accurate or responsive when using Internet. My battery is almost drained while typing this. Have you ever heard of Gorilla Glass? Well this phone has Shatters Glass instead. Drop it once from any height and it shatters!!!!

I got this phone in September. I had a blackberry with the raised keyboard but thought it was time to upgrade. I use my blackberry for everything. My to do lists, memos, calendar, contacts-personal and my business contacts and some pictures. The only thing I have been able to transfer over were my contacts-which are now copied twice and my pictures. All my calendar info did not copy over. I went on line with the goggle calendar & wasn't able to sync my outlook calendar that was perfectly on my blackberry & desk top. I have tried 3 times. My calendar included my yearly to do list, birthdays, household maintance tasks -like recycling. My memo list had wines I liked, books I want to read, books I read, business ideas, info on clients. The verizon store person told me I have to re-enter the info by hand. Someone else told me to try Radio shack & they might be able to transfer the info... I just need to find the time. The picture quality is good but I have 2 great cameras so I really don't care about the camera. The size is much bigger that the balck berry and I realize I prefer the smaller lighter black berry. Also the key pad had the automatic speller- it took me one week to decide to change that setting to off. I do NOT like the touch key pad, I spend more time retyping the entire sentence in order to correct one letter of a mispelled word. I can't get the cursor to go in the position I want. I had someone tell me this phone can open my garage door-that's what I have a garage door opener for. Just give me back my calender and memo's that made my life run smoother.  I am seriously considering getting a different phone. For me it doesn't match my needs. So my advice to others is think about your needs before purchasing this phone. Ask what transfers over at the store where you buy it.

Phone is great, but Int'l unlocked version did not work well on AT&T in the US.  Problems with texts not arriving on several occasions. Phone worked well for demos.

excelente

The phone is OK I guess. I bought it as a gift and was delivered abroad to Colombia, was broken and samsung refuses to fix it or replace it hence the 2 stars rating. Be careful.

I ordered this phone from two different vendors, Juniper Mall, and aSavers. Juniper Mall sent me the actual true &#34;International Version&#34;. aSavers sent me a package stating it contained Model: GTi93000, HOWEVER, when I opened the back of the actual Samsung Galaxy SIII, the label inside the phone cited SGH-i747 which is an AT&T Worldwide Ready GSM phone programmed to operate on the AT&T GSM network along with all the bloatware which comes with an AT&T company contract phone. The tip off was the clear plastic protective cover which stated 'use the microSD card included in this box' and there was none. Clearly this phone was unlocked, but it is absolutely not the 'International Version'.  I am writing this review as a warning to other customers so they may hopefully avoid this issue and be aware that some vendors are erroneously advertising their phone as the 'international version'. Just because a phone manufactured for a USA company is considered 'Worldwide Ready' does not make the phone the same as an 'International Version' which will not have the same crap ware/bloatware as the USA cell phone based phones being issued by USA cell phone companies. This phone will be going back and we will repurchase from another vendor. If you purchase, be sure you check the model number on the phone and Google it. Do not trust the outside box labels.

excelente vendedor todo se realizo como lo describe y el producto excelente este vendedor lo recomiendo los envio son rapidos y seguro

just what I need, a smartphone with that kind of program that is to many friendly. the conection with the  world.

I love this phone for its size and features. I have to charge it every night, usually will last me a whole day and be just about empty by night. My biggest problem with this phone is the reception is terrible. My neighbor has the same phone and his gets excellent reception, I think some of them are just lemons when it comes to the reception part.

this device is awesome! no issues!probably only thing is I was so used to have the power button at the top... and volume buttons are trending more to the middle of the device instead of closer to the top... so when you put it in horizontal is easy to touch them unwillingly. But you can get used to it and it won't be a problem then. Not as a big issue to remove a star for it

Everything I expected. But I had one before this current one and it suddenly &#34;died&#34;.  Repair costs were to high, at least where I live. &iquest;Why buy the same model? Because of all the people I know that use this model no one except me had this kind of &#34;error&#34;. And new models are more expensive. This one works just fine for me.

I bought this phone but the battery is too large. Does fit the phone. Later I discovered it is from Korea.

I was looking for a good cell phone and I ended with a perfect one!No complaints at all.Perfect size, processor, memory and performance.

This phone is amazing! I had an iphone before but this phone has blown me away! I love it, it's easy to use (Not as intuitive as the iphone), better resolution, better camera, great performance, just awesome! I love it and would not like to change it anytime soon!!

I am appealing to all persons buying phones on Amazon from Worldwide Distibutors be careful.  They are selling phones made in Hungary with all instructions not in English.My experience after purchasing phone from Amazon (Worldwide Distributors) after 2 months the phone was no longer working, it just went off, after testing battery which was good, I realized I was sold a faulty phone.I wrote Amazon and Worldwide Distributors on three occassions and all Amazon did is to keep referring me to Worldwide Distributors.  Worldwide Distributors keep referring me Samsung.  Samsung couldn't help since they cannot understand how the phone count out so quickly.I am stocked with a phone costing me $534.00 US after just 2 months with no help from both Amazon and Worldwide DIstributors.  To this day Amazon never tried to help me or even apologise to me for selling me a &#34;Lemon&#34;.  I will not even think of purchasing anything from Amazon again until this problem is solved.  I am seeking a new authentic Samsung Galaxy Phone to replace the faulty one I now have.  I have informed all the persons I know not to buy on Amazon, because they do not take care of customeres when they are sold faulty products  Please heed this call customers.

Amazed!This is a great phone/tablet/computer/etc, etc, etc!! I just loved it!The phone itself just like many other gadgets, need some improvements, the screen may be hard to see during the daylight and if you let it to get adjusted automatically the battery will go down faster. But after all it is a great device!!

For me it was the best phone I ever had so far, great graphics, excellent performance. I recommend to all who are in search of a good phone.

I have had no problems with this smartphone after 3 weeks of use, It works really well, met my expectations in terms of battery life camera functionality, size, fit etc. The phone was delivered as was promised  . However is was advertised as having 16 GB of  built in storage but  the product came with only 11 GB and  this was very disappointing .

This is the second phone I brought, I brought the first one for my husband in December for Christmas it worked just fine. About two months later he accidentally dropped it in the ocean, since he was happy with it was a no brainer I went back to Amazon and make sure I brought another one from the same seller. I basically brought the same phone, unfortunately the phone has been nothing but problems, they is something major wrong with the wireless setting. We called the seller and have been placed on hold until I got tired. I AM NEVER BUYING ANYTHING FROM THIS SELLER AGAIN

This mobile is amazing. It is factory unlocked and it's the international version due to having so many languages installed. I received the French packaged version, and everything was in French, which is amazing as well. Works with my vodafone UK, has great screen size, and is fast. The package itself says it all on what type of mobile you can expect out of the box. Overall it's a phenomenal device. So far so good.

Couldn't be happier with this phone. With the latest 4.1 Android, it runs smoothly and with a lot of features.

I have been using a droid Incredible for two years now, and despite some quirks, it's a great phone.  It's 3G, and I'm due for an upgrade on Verizon, so I thought maybe it's time for an iPhone.  Disappointed with the iPhone 5 features (and hype), I decided to go with the Galaxy S3 4G LTE on Verizon.  I LOVED it....for about 3 days.  I now hate it and am bringing it back for either a 4G incredible or the iPhone after all. Maybe I got a lemon, but I'm not going to try another one because my final criticism cannot be overcome (size).  So here's the issues in the FIRST WEEK:Heat:  The phone gets absurdly hot and at the same time drains the battery in minutes.  I'll pull it out of my back pocket, and despite being locked, there is some app running that wasn't running when I locked it, the phone is really hot, and the battery is low/dead.Mail:  Gmail pushes sometimes, doesn't others.  Might be a setting, but a frigging Google device should have seamless gmail.  And yes, of course I made sure I was on the network, etc.  I'm good with droidsVolume keys:  The keys are far too sensitive, seems like every time I barely tap them, the phone is on mute and I miss calls.Phone DIES:  On the 4th day I had it... *poof*...phone died.  Had to pull the battery and do a re-set.  Yes, this happened with my Incredible a few times, but maybe twice in two years..not on the FOURTH DAY.Screen Freezes:  Screen has frozen up on me about 15 times in this first week, if I'm on a webpage, the links do nothing; or in an application the buttons do nothing...then 5 minutes later it works again.Brightness adjustment has a mind of its own: Even when I set brightness to manual and turn it all the way up, the phone will decide to go dim on me so I can hardly see it.  If this is because the +/- buttons are being inadvertently pushed, I don't care...it's happening.RADIO:  This phone does NOT have an internal FM radio.  I researched it, and the European versions do.  I'm NOT talking about iHeart or another streaming product, those use data.  I'm talking about a regular built-in radio. My Incredible has one.  The headphones work as an antenna.  It works even if the phone isn't connected to a wireless network.  This phone doesn't, and that's lame.TOO BIG: The one problem I can't get past is the size.  I'm a pretty big guy, so I figured I'd get used to the size.  After a week....I haven't.  I pick up my old Incredible and miss it.  Yes, the screen on the Galaxy is amazing, but it barely fits in my front pocket.  Also, I like to run with my phone so I can listen to the radio (that this phone doesn't have...had to use iHeart), but this one is so big I can't ever get it to feel right and I KNOW I'm going to drop it too often.  This one is a deal killer.  Think REALLY hard before getting one of these "phablets"; to me the trade off isn't worth it.Bottom line:  The Galaxy screen is amazing.  The phone is wicked fast, and I love all the widgets I'm used to. Web surfing is amazing (when it's not frozen), and I'm sure the camera is great (I've only taken a few pictures), but for me,  this phone has WAY too many quirks. If I'm looking at my screen thinking "now what?" half the time...then I have no use for the thing.I am within my 14 days and am going to bring this phone back.And before you Galaxy 3 nuts flame me and tell me everything I did wrong, please understand:  I am an experienced droid user who REALLY, REALLY wanted to love this phone. And if you need to go through a list of "fixes" that could make all these issues go away, then the phone obviously has major design flaws.If I could get past the size, I'd probably try another one (there's no way these are common problems, is there?), but it's too darned big so I'm moving on.Now the problem is what to get.  The iPhone 5 supposedly has horrible maps and that stupid new charger or I'd probably just give up and go that route, but I'm thinking trying another droid....maybe the Razr or another Incredible.

Perfect replacement for my damaged SIII. Even came with a European charger adapter....which was great when I traveled to Italy this summer.

After using iPhones for a few years I was a little leary of switching to an Android phone, but the conversion was really easy.  There are some cool features on this phone like a "swipe" login.  There is no locator app but the Android store has Cerberus which is easy to setup.  It could be my imagination but downloads etc. seem faster that my iphone, even though both are on the same network.

I used this phone for over year.  On one hand, I liked that it was was light, glossy, has a bright, clear screen and is somewhat fast given the confusing and inefficient software.  Samsung has done everything they could to make this a great phone. But, Android is a cumbersome beast. This phone goes from 100% to 50% battery charge in a heartbeat and then the power saving kicks in, and it seems to work more efficiently but you've already lost half of your charge.  It's confusing to the point of madness and Android is filled with bugs too numerous to list. I have had all kinds of strange issues and Google offers no support whatsoever. So, I had to deal with any problems that came up and there were a ton.  I recently got an iPhone 5 and it is everything I hoped Anrdoid would be. Finally, Samsung adds all kinds of features, but they are not integrated well into the O/S because it wasn't really designed for them. For example, the typing on this phone is just awful, the autocorrect mistakes nearly every word and it is very difficult to move the cursor. Samsung's version of Swype works so poorly you will disable it immediately.

The best cel that i have it...very fast downloads.As international versi&oacute;n it recognize all my accounts in seconds.Full recommended!!!!!!I love it!!

this phone is encoded with European frequency which is different than U.S. frequency used to receive internet signal. Therefore, where you can get 4G or 4G LTE with T Mobile  service (for example) using a U.S. phone, you will only be able to get 2G or 3G on this phone due to the frequency coding being different. For the additional $60 for the phone plus $40 of sales tax for $100 total more, it was worth it to me to get the U.S. version of the phone from T Mobile instead.

I bought this Samsung Galaxy S3 as a new phone. I initially got a phone that didn't work properly, phones were always dropping as well as I could not navigate through the internet because it lost signal. After the phone was changed to a &#34;NEW ONE&#34;, I got a used phone, the screen was popping out, the USB port didn't work properly and the battery was not even Samsung original. It was obvious the phone was used even though it came sealed inside the box. The worst experience I've had with an Amazon supplier

excelente equipo estoy satisfecho, es la version internacional,  y cumple con todas las expectativas, el costo inconparable para venezuela lo recomiendo

I just got the phone and it doesn't charge at all it did at first and now nothing . and the product was stated new but the box was not celephan wrapped. and looks kind of old looking. the phone it self looks great but if I can't charge it. it does me no good

I will preface this review by noting that I owned a Nexus One (loved it) then a Thunderbolt (wasn't as fond of it). I am biased toward Android phones. Actually, I briefly thought about getting an iPhone solely because of the number of options you have as far as software, accessories, etc. However, I have always HATED the small screen of an iPhone. When I heard the 5 was going to have a larger screen, I was interested. When I saw what they actually did with the 5's screen, I was sorely disappointed, and knew I was sticking with Android. I used to love HTC as my last 3 phones were from them (starting with HTC touch). I felt like they lost their touch, no pun intended.So I went to this phone. I believe it is better to purchase a "mainstream" phone as more popular devices receive better ongoing support. Coming from the Thunderbolt, I was never even going to see an ICS update, let alone Jelly Bean. Anyways, to keep it short and simple, this feels like a real phone to me. It is zippy (especially with the JB update), has a large, beautiful screen that is easy to read, has 4g, and has a pretty decent camera to me (although I am no authority on cameras). The only downside is battery life isn't what I expected. It's definitely an improvement to what I had on the Thunderbolt, but this is where they need to continue to focus on improving. All in all, I don't know how you can not like this phone? The only bad I have ever heard about this phone is that it is not an iPhone.

This S3 is bigger (but don't heavier), faster than S3 I owned.I receive this item one day before that I hoped.

The phone does not work properly, is flawed reception, the people who call me can not hear me and hear delayed, is said to be a phone unlocked and AT & T, does not allow updates from Kies, so I have a old version of android, besides say it is a i9300 and SGH-I747 when connected appears, for these reasons I do not recommend this product.

Basically this is my first smart phone, so for me this phone is like out of this world.I just enjoy the android apps on this and also the web surfing experience is truly amazing.

great phone, great camera, lots of apps. Get a good case for it if you give this to a teenager, mine had it for two weeks, dropped it and cracked the screen... A good case is worth the money....

&#34;Not comment on the description that came with the 220v charger and now I have to invest for a 110v charger.&#34; for Sold by: Techno.Trading.House.  I don know why came the 220v charger, here American use 110v.

Upon receiving the phone, I charged it for the required time.  After a few days I noticed that the battery could not last for a whole day without being recharged at least twice per day.  After a while i could charge only once per day.  Well in less than five months I realized that the casing of the phone kept falling off and I could not figure out why.  It was only yesterday I decided to take a real close look; only to realize that the battery had begun to swell, forcing the casing off the phone.  I have reported same to Amazon and is awaiting word from the seller.  Will update.

its ok, it did not have a micro-sim card so unable to make calls. disappointed with my purchased. too bad love samsung galaxies

Very easy to learn how to use.  Has all the features I need.  I would recommend this phone to everyone.

I received the phone and first of all I notice that the accessories (charger) and the phone seems to be used (not new at all), both have some scratches.  As well, the phone is not unlocked, I can't used the internet  service (an it was not a problem of my service provider, because I tried it in another phone and worked perfectly).  Finally, the phone won't let me actualize the software.Avoid buying this Phone, it's not New or Unlocked and it seems to be recycled or something like that.  I will return it, but the problem is that I already payed the shipping and have to pay shipping to return it.

-Definitely this Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue) is way better than iPhone, with a perfect price !My daughter loves it and took it to Brazil, where is working perfectly FINE, after we cut the SIM card with the tool we bought on Amazon.com ;The Samsung Galaxy phone is beautiful, full of options and applications and the seller was wonderful - congratz !

Rip Off Artist, FAKE, HORRIBLE PRODUCT...Seller has 206 negative reviews selling refurbish Samsung Galaxy S3 19300 16GB as NEW and Amazon allows him to continue to sell on their platform. Bought the phone Feb 6, 2014, and have been having problems with not ringing, dropping calls, Static and difficulty understanding callers, paint peeled off all around the phone edges, almost 50 % of the bottom half of the screen is burnt with a black circular marking making is almost impossible to visualize the keyboard to text, the back of the phone get very very very hot where I can only hold the edges.I feel RIPPED OFF and the Seller is doing nothing to correct this problem, I am taking the matter FURTHER to a HIGHER Authority if I do not get a resolution to this problem.No one should pay $355.50 for a 'NEW' phone and GET A &#34;REFURBISH PHONE&#34;...it not able to perform many of its function after 2-3 months.I 'STRONGLY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND' THIS BUYER TO ANYONE ON THE PLANET AND AMAZON SHOULD REMOVE THIS COMPANY BEFORE OTHERS GET RIPPPPPEEEDDD OFF........Buyers BEWARE...STAY AWAY from this Seller.

I am really loving this phone. The only complaint that I have on this phone, is that you have to have a Samsung printer if you want to print anything from this phone!! I highly recommend this phone!

I bought this for use in Brazil and works perfectly well. It was a good shopping. I have had any problem. Perfect.

I'm a previous iphone user but I just fell in love with this cel phone. The quality of the graphics is just amazing.The only drawback is that it is a little too big. I'm a girl, so I just put it in my purse and the problem is solved, but for a guy I must admit that it can be tricky to put it in one's pocket. Also, for those living in south america, let me tell you it works perfectly with Claro, although you may need to buy a micro SIM card if you don't already own one.

Fulfilled my expectations.I highly recommend this kind of accessoriesLater I will continue buying accessoriesbest regardsEduardo Araujo

Working well and enjoying the phone every time I use it.Brilliant touch and look. Recommended if you are looking for high end smart phone.

This phone is very good! I have the international version and it's really amazing! I highly recommend this phone! Cheers!

I absolutely love this phone. Its everything that I wanted. it works great. I haven't gotten it on a plan as yet but I can use the Internet features to do other things while I find a company that it will work with.

I purchased these phones and the batteries are defective. I purchased 4 different batteries using the specification of the phone and they dont fit so now i have phones that wont keep charge and cant find a battery that fit. these phones are costing me more than what i originally pay for them. amazon is refunding the cost to buy the batteries but i live out side of the stated so i have been wasting money to clear items that dont work. I am beyond disappointed and i just give up i will just take it as a lost and learn from my mistakes. Dont buy from this supplier and even if them fulfill by amazon

Great phone, but isn't compatible with my mobile cell phone provider, Verizon. I Hate returning s***! Please include these details in description.

I did not work in Costa Rica, I say it is locked to Costa Rica, and I can help with this problem that I have.

great!... thanks

Ordered the phone on Friday and it arrived on Monday.  I had to wait until Wednesday for the mini to micro SIM cutter to arrive before I was able to use the phone on T-mobile network.  I have purchased Apple phones since iPhone 3G was introduced but changed to Samsung Android phone last year.  I have purchased both Palm products and various Windows mobile variants prior to Apple OS.  I have purchased at least one, sometimes 2 phones every year since the early 90's both in USA and Japan.  I have purchased 8 smart phones since 2006.  This is the first time purchasing a mobile phone from Amazon.Pros:I agree with most of the posted positive reviews so I will not repeat the great features of this phone.Cons:1.  Data speed on T-mobile network is EDGE, same speed as iPhone 2G (2.5G technology; 200 kbps download and 100 kbps upload).  If I use Samsung phones sold in USA by T-mobile I can get >8 mbps download and >1 mbps upload at same locations.2.  Gorilla Glass 2 easily cracks.  I have multiple cracks across the entire screen after dropping the phone from approximately 3 feet, less than a week old.  Touch screen and LCD is working fine but I must deal with very visible cracks.  Unfortunately the glass is fused to the display, and the display to the Galaxy S III's frame.  I must purchase the entire display module including the glass, LCD, backlight, touch screen and the metal frame.  The cost of this module is $300 plus shipping.  I have dropped my previous phones many times (iPhones and smaller size Samsung phone) and never damaged the screen in the past.  I may consider paying $7-$11 per month for insurance even with a $200 deductible for my next phone.  I will most likely purchase a new phone from Amazon with a contract (Less than $150) and use my international unlocked phone with many cracks when I travel outside USA.3.  Japanese language support still requires loading an application.  Apple OS supported Japanese and other languages since its introduction.  Single button in all applications to change language.  I noticed Korean language is supported with Samsung keyboard.

Best Smartphone,1- Large crisp clear bright screen.2- Great Camera with LED and front facing camera. Image Quality is superb.3- Sound and voice are very good.4- Wifi, GPS and Bluetooth work fine.5- Fast, No freezes so far. Smooth flow,6- Battery could last 1-2 days with mild use in battery saving mode, charges fast.7- Great Android OS and Google Market.8- Large Memory. Upgradable with card.9- Uses Mini Sim Card and not the standard one!.10- Responsive screen.11- Little bigger than I like but still very thin and light.

I bought one Galaxy S3 for my wife 2 months ago. Though it says it is unlocked, it is in fact totally locked!!! I returned it to Worldwide Distributors and now they want to charge $179. I have contacted Amazon, and hope they will honor their reputation, because Worldwide Distributors does not honor theirs. They did recognize that the product was misrepresented on the website, but don&#8217;t care about the customer! Buy the phone, which is great btw, from a different distributor!

The battery did not even fit into the phone.  I suspect that this is not a genuine Samsung Galaxy S3.  Beware!

The product I got is not what the seller publicizes. The ad claims the product is brand new but my phone has been modified. It is impossible to bring it back to the original setting. The android version is 4.1.1 which is old and doesn`t allow updatings. Two more identically advertised phones were bought by my brother on the same day from a different seller and the phones coincide with the ad. I feel I've been cheated. Amazon offered to change the phone but I still need to solve how to take it back to the States. I'm happy with how Amazon is dealing with the situation but awfully disappointed with the seller.

Good smartphone, the only complaint is the battery, poor life battery, doesn't last more than 3 hours. Need to be improved.

I am very disappointing about this purchase. I feel robed. I bought this cellphone on December 23th, but it wasn't until today that I had the chance to try the chip on my country. First when I started the cellphone it didn't start as it was suppose to do,  it didn't ask me for the language that i want to set up and didn't ask me to insert my gmail account, otherwise it started like it has been used before and the language set was chinese.I was searching a cellphone Unlocked for International Version because I live in Venezuela and I used Movistar as my cellphone company, I read a review that specifically says "The team works well with movistar Venezuela, positive comments from other users are little at the amazing performance of the equipment, which until now have reviewed. ... Read more..." (Samsung Galaxy GT I9300 Factory UnlockedBut when I tried the chip it didn't work, it asked me for the pin code and when I entered the one give in the chip card by movistar it shows me a message that the solicitation for unblocking the Pin is incorrect.I don't understand if the title of the product says Samsung Galaxy S3 Factory Unlocked Phone, it must be unblocked, musn't it? I am really upset because I spend 370$ and now I have a cellphone that doesn't work on my country. I hope I get some response from the team of Mobile Front or Amazon, to deal with this.SincerelyLorena Slavik

Very happy with it. Great size screen. Touch screen works well. Functions work well. Battery life is acceptable. To tell the truth, not sure why someone would go for the SIV.

Product &#34;international Version&#34; seems to mean no Samsung Support and no Samsung warranty. Surge Telecom is less than useless they seem to not care. Check blogs and check Surge Telecom site. A product on there site talks about a bad component in the s3 international and offers a product that they claim to correct it. After your 15 day return window closes then the 30 day A to Z insurance is over you are on your own.

The phone works fine when all of it's parts are attached.  The volume control button fell off almost immediately after we installed the SIM card in Italy.  It has many features, but the more things that are attached to an electronic device, the more there are to go wrong.  I'm going back to uncomplicated phones.  The simpler the better.  I bought an old Samsung burner phone in Naples for &#8364;19.90, and a TIM SIM card for &#8364;10, and it worked just fine all over Switzerland and Italy.

I was always a fan of Android operated phones, but decided to purchase an iPhone in April of this year because I wanted to try out something different. Let's be honest, years worth of iHype had convinced me that the iPhone was where it's at, and I needed to "get with the times".Typically, I'll keep a phone for at least a year before I decide to upgrade. I believe it's preposterous to constantly waste hard-earned money for the sake of technological acclivity. But, over four months after my initiation into "Team Apple", I couldn't possibly handle any more. I just couldn't.The Samsung Galaxy S3 is wonderful in all definitions of the term. What I, personally, enjoy most is the ability to customize nearly anything and everything. Hate the default font? You could change it. Tired of the standard SMS theme? You could change it. And... brace yourself... you don't need to jailbreak it in order to tweak it to your liking. If you can't customize the phone as much as you'd like by changing the settings, there are many apps that can assist you... apps that the "App Store" fails to offer.Overall, the phone is very smooth. From the ease of navigating the touch screen (which is proven difficult with several phones) to the availability of awesome features and apps, Samsung hit it out of the park. Whether you've been a "lifelong" Android fan or if you've never even held a smartphone aside from the iFail, the Galaxy s3 is for you. At this point, I'll never turn back.EDIT (12/19/12):I've owned this phone for a little over three months now. Unfortunately, I was forced to demote this product  from a 5 star technological masterpiece to a 1 star piece of junk. This is the PV2 of cellphones. After about two months of owning the phone, the battery life gradually became shorter and shorter. Mind you, I have never downloaded more than 5 outside applications on this phone. I have never stored more than 50 pictures. I have never even dropped this device. I basically use the phone for calling/text messages only.Even if I applied the "power saving" option and kept the phone in my handbag for the majority of the day, the battery would only last 5 hours tops. Then when I went to charge it, it would take 8-10 hours to obtain a full (100%) charge. Are you serious, Samsung? My iPhone takes 30 minutes to charge. Last night, I left my phone on the charger (I have about 5 chargers, so it's not the USB itself) overnight and woke up to an 80% charge.I was a bit unimpressed with the frequent crashes, also. It seemed as if this phone would crash at least once or twice per week.With all said, I was becoming angry at how this phone functioned. I ended up calling Verizon and switching back to the iPhone 4, which now seems like a work of art compared to the S3.

Love the phone. Wasn't too happy that the seal was broken or that the box was left outside my house.

Using till this day

I am a apple fan used iPhone for a very long Time. The galaxy s3 phone fit my vonvenience and I do not miss the iPhone for even a second and at great price

It worked perfect in Venezuela (Movistar/Digitel)

This phone is a dream, great, love it, very nice as described, I am very pleased with this beautiful phone.

A worth for the money, I have already placed an order for the S3 mini for my wife. I love it.

Omg I love this phone. I had a HTC hero forever and it sucked so bad . I wish I could have broke it and got replaced with a newer one. But it did Brake once but they gave the same. I wait for this phone for a long time. It was well worth it. The battery life is great . Last me all day. I work at 7 am and its still going until 12 at night. I live all the features it has to offer..the only thing the screen scratched within the fIrst week.  It's my fault for having it my pocket with my keys. I do getting a screen protector immediately after purchase.

I've used for almost 2 years before buying S4, which I did just because I got it in a really good deal, was already really happy with it! Great phone!

It is the best phone I've had, I loved it. All right it was no problem, so long his box was all excellent phone, fast, great, totally recommended. Get everything right in the box, all accessories in its sealed

This phone is excellent for android lovers, with a big beautiful screen (yes, it's pen tile, but in my daily use it has never bothered me). The quad-core processor is fast and responsive, and the micro-sd card expansion is a welcome addition, in these times when sd card slots seem to be on the verge of extinction. The Jelly Bean update is available, making it even better.

Came the next day and worked out of the box.  I use it in china and works well. comes with European charger

I bought this phone to gift it to my brother in UK. On receipt on order the phone box had the description which matched exactly the product description. Shipped this only to realize that the phone inside is low end model and locked for ATT. This is cheating. On raising a complaint I am getting poor response on this. Please don't with this product and the vendor.

this is by far is the best phone awesome speed and performance.One side note: this isn't the international version, this is yes optus branded preload. To remove all the yes optus preload software you have to update via odin with another ICS or JB version. ( Thanks to qvnsq@ [...] )

EL PRODUCTO ME LLEG&Oacute; EN EL TIEMPO ESTABLECIDO EN LA COMPRA, TODO BIEN Y EN PERFECTO ESTADO POR LO TANTO RECOMIENDO AL VENDEDOR COMO SERIO Y RESPONSABLE

Hi guys. I am currently 14 days into using this phone and I have to say that I am loving it. I purchased the SIM card from Straight Talk and had the phone dialing and receiving the day I got the card in the mail. This means I am on a gs3 with a 41$/mo Unlimited Everything plan. In case you're worried, you will not see problems with overages because this phone does wireless so well you will almost never use data mbs. Love this phone, and it can be had for a reasonable amount, with no contract. Even if you can't get into this phone for the full 600 and have to go with a carrier for a cheaper phone, do it. This is the phone that will get you through the next 3 years without costing that much more and with everything you need to be cool and informed. 3 years at this price is a steal.Things I don't love:camera should be 12 MPs to really make this phone shinethe manual should have something about how you shouldn't put a screen protector on a gs3 and whyOverpriced, Samsung should be offering this phone with 64 gbs not 16 for this price

This phone is the worst desicion. I had an iphone 4, i thought it got old so I decided to buy Galaxy S3, my BAD. Is bad quality, the OS is unstable i had many problems. I am waiting for Iphone 6

Sold as the international version, when the phone arrived in Brazil I found it doesn't work here.  Had to return it.  Double check to make sure it works in your country.  Buyer beware.

I have had this for over a year. Many of the features work pretty good . . . BUT . . . Many Many Dropped calls, No reception when all other phones tried at same location work fine. I cannot use this phone 80% of the time. The problem is with the antenna placement in the phone. . .  Check the forums. MTP connectivity to PC has been blocked by Verizon. Works only sparadically. This phone should be a class action lawsuit but they have changed their contracts so you can only use their arbitration company or small claims court. I have tried to place negative feedback on verizon webstore but they block bad reviews. Buyer Beware . . . unfortunately because this phone could be the greatest . . .[...][...]

It's a good smartphone. I'm lovin. It's fast, beautiful and slim. The iphone is past, the s3 is very better. The seller is very good too. Very fast and professional

When I purchased the Samsung galaxy s3 it supposed to have been unlocked, when I received the phone and attempt to have it actived by my carrier they explained that they could not active it because it may have been stolen. So I contacted the seller to report what my carrier (stated that the phone was stolen) the blubell sales wanted me to go into the phone to the unlock the phone because they claim that they missed the unlocking. The reason why I purchased the phone because I wanted a unlocked phone for traveling. I returned the phone, now blubell sales wants to charge me a restocking fee. This was fuse advertising the phone was not as advertise and I don't think I should pay a restocking fee. (I had to purchase another phone because I couldn't active the phone that I purchased from blubell sales) my tips do not get involved with them!!!!!!!!

This is my first android phone, so I wanted to have a quality phone, I have to say that so far I am very happy with my purchase. I'm not really a "gadget and widget" kind of person so a lot of the technical specs are lost on me, but the ease of use and simplicity of the phone has won me over!. My only criticisms is that the absolute basics are not made obvious, eg: I could not find any info on how to answer the phone , I looked online and on youtube and looked through the basic manuals that came with the phone, I felt quite silly to not know how to do such a basic thing. fortunatey my nephew came to the rescue, and of course once you know ...it's so simple.I am a person who is vision impaired so being able to change the text size is convenient and helpful, I tried the speaking feature that comes for people with vision issues, but I found it to be too intrusive, even obnoxious, and was the cause of our first and only fight(Sammy and me-Sammy is my phones name, obviously!)Oh yeah...You can give your phone a name, and wake it up with a "good morning"...ah the magic!!Overall, I can only say again that I am very happy with my phone and would reccomend it to anyone looking for a new experience, even my 80yr old mother has used it and she is a "technophobe".

This smart phone up to my expectations exceeded.It is light, handy, nice, with countless applications and resources.I would have to write an article to express the many facets and the multiple facets of this extraordinary smart phone and I have no time for it

excelent

This is my second s3 (the first one fell and broke) and i love this phone.Also with the s4 out this one is cheaper now.

What can I say phone is awesome features to the heavens love it a must have best phone I ever had...

&#8206;Samsung Galaxy S3 phones are cracking and Samsung refuses to look into the issue! Read this forum before purchasing a Samsung phone. I have been given the run around by Samsung Support for two weeks now - spending several hours on hold and having 1 Supervisor tell me that "Maybe a software update might come through in the near future to remedy my issue" (Really Samsung??)[...]After weeks of dealing with Samsung they finally replaced my phone.  I think there was an issue with certain phones, so far the new phone has not cracked.  I would still be cautious.

Excelent!...this Company was very professional and the product was in excelent conditions...we received it on time and everything was OK...

yes it is very nice phone. very good working and i loved it very much. this is awesome deal i ever got!

phone work great awesomeI um very pleasetechnologyyou got to love itI Um very please with this piece of equiptment

Es un excelente tel&eacute;fono, me encanta el dise&ntilde;o, en cuanto rendimiento es s&uacute;per r&aacute;pido, el software est&aacute; muy bien acabado, la interfaz grafica es muy buena, el S3 no calienta tanto como el S2, y le dura m&aacute;s la bater&iacute;a. Lo recomiendo mucho.

I have had this phone for a little over 2 months now and I have absolutely no complaints. Delivery was on time and item was in PERFECT condition.  Just stuck my sim card in and it was up and running SWEEET.I would recommend this ten times over. Even the most avid iPhone users in my life we totally fascinated and wanted to dump their iPhone and trade for an SIII.Great apps, great speed, just an awesome phone.

I have had several smart phones, but this one is in a class of its own. I can live with a glitch or two but this is ridiculous.  I hear the angry birds theme music when making phone calls. I CAN NOT share my location.  When texting phone opens random apps. When selecting people from my favorites list in contacts it calls my cousin from MN, no matter who I select.  Hell, I've been working on this review for 20minutes. It keeps closing this page and opening my alarm clock that I can't seem to shut off. I HATE this phone.

Got my first android phone the galaxy s3. They were some customers complaining of receiving the American version which have the dual core processor instead of the quad core one, but I got the correct one. By the time I had gotten the phone the update for jelly bean was ready to be download and install, since it came with icecream sandwich. Over all I like the phone the only concern is battery life and I have taken some steps to try and fix that.

e phone- Samsung Galaxy S3- I received is not an original one, it came in a box, what is different from the original, it was some Android box, it had unfamiliar Chinese software on it and not those softwares the real Galaxy comes, the picture quality is not good enough, less quality then an original has and when I tried to get a case for it, it did not fit. That made me sure the phone is not an original one. The phone did not came with the proper manual either. I feel I was deceived since there are many orders placed under my name I expected a more honest treatment. I'm wandering to stop any business with you

I became the product in time. It is a great cellphone and it works very fast, the only problem is the battery.

Please note I rate the Phone 5 stars, the one star is for the seller. I purchased the Samsung SIII for my wife to use after unlocking a &#34;Straight Talk SII and found the firmware to be proprietary and would not operate on any other SIM card. The phone arrived after being shuffled around thru two different carriers, first via UPS (I think) then via FedEx to the UK where it will do duty as a primary phone at a US Military location. The Box was reported as having minor damage but not broken open when it was switched (By the mail department) to the FedEx box.  (Note the original packaging remained intact) .  The phone is currently working well but when it was removed form the FedEx box and then from the original UPS box it was noted that the original Factory seal was broken and inventory labels placed over the broken seal, making it appear to the novice that the box still had unbroken factory seals.  Once inside found the items not well packed (i.e. they where rummaged through) and the headset was replaced by a non factory fake. It is very noticeable since the Fake has SAMSNUG stamped on it instead of SAMSUNG.  This had to be done by the original shipper/seller. So I highly recommend you DO NOT purchase from Mobile Brothers Distribution.

I like my new phone works very well, as you described it is released and I could use it once with my sim card.

Excellent phone, great performance and quality of the materials. I haven't got any problem with it and it's been 6 months that i have it.

The Galaxys3 is a great phone. but if your using it with straight talk you have to set up your APN settings this can be frustrating as some of the settings have changed with the new sim cards. make sure you don't have any extra spaces in any of the setting or it will not work. and reboot your phone after each settings change.

Best phone in the world.  I would put it up against anything else on the market including the newest iPhone 5s (which I use for work) any day.

Overall, The Galaxy S III is the best phone I have ever owned. It is perfect for any college student. It is easy to use and its internal memory is excellent. It takes amazing photos with the rear camera, the front camera is also very good, and the camera setting are very easy to use and offer a variety of effects. The update for the phone now has a driving mode setting which reads you who is calling or texting you. The personalization features are very good as well. The only drawbacks of this phone are the battery life and durability. I usually run out of battery by noon everyday. I recommend buying a backup battery and charging station if you use your phone heavily. This phone is very fragile too. Even though the screen is nearly scratch proof, a short drop on the pavement or floor will crack the screen. The otterbox defender case is a sure way to ensure the safety of the phone. They are a little pricy but make the phone waterproof and shock absorbent. Occasionally there is a lag in the phone. This phone is an excellent buy overall and can meet the needs of any person.

Excelent phone!! Highly recomended especially if it will be used in Venezuela. Works great!! Really happy to have made the change.

it was t-mobile based but the dealer paid for the unlocking code. the galaxi is great. the screen, the apps, everything.

I like it very much.  Hope the model stands with all accessories for a long time in shelf. I wish it was cheaper so I can buy another one in red.

Am satisfied from the product and the shipment. However, the exchange rate used by Amazon was far higher then the official exchange rate.Amazon has charged me E. R. of 3.87 Shekels per 1 USD while the official E.R. was 3.62, which means almost 7%(!)higher!Why??I hv purchased : Smasung Galaxy S3 and Battery for Dell LapTop + some accessoroes.Thanks,  David Emunah.

The samsung galaxy S3 is a very nice phone, the smartest phone in the world. I am very happy with that. It has a lot of apps to work and to play games also.

Thank I really loved it, and the price was worth it.  Great image quality and sound also.I am happy that I've bought it

I bought the samsung with Hasslefreecell - and I was first not amused because I had to puy customs taxes for France. I told them I now they gave me a part back. So I think that's a nice gesture, because it's something the French government does :(:(:(

Loving it

i recomended. this phone is too fast and have a clean software. android jajaj is the best. the games is so good

I am pleased with my phone. What was shown is exactly what was received. I  have a serious problem with the carrier's delivery. It was not signed for but left outside. If someone had taken it would I have been reimbursed?

The screen looks really nice and watching and reading emails on it is a good experience. However, the battery life is poor. And its kind of slow at times when changing or opening apps. I wish they could make this phone much faster. I dont see this in the new iphones. I like things fast and want this phone to be the same!

Hi,I've been using this phone more than 3 months, and it performs well.Unfortunately, I dropped it on the floor few days ago, and cannot make it work anymore. I don't know where I can fix it. I lived in south California. Do you know where is the official repair store here? I've tried very hard for finding any resources online, and still cannot find it.Thanks!

The 2 handsets available at present are the: International and N.A. models. The SK model(s) will be tomorrow. I bought the marble white N.A. model and it's crap. Let me tell you why:* You HAVE to buy this from a carrier on a contract favoured to the carrier without 100% insurance. If your credit is not on par then you will have trouble.* IF you buy this somehow from a reseller without a contract, read the fine print regarding their return policy.* The N.A. version is dumbed down, period. This phone is for dummies if not on contract. Why? It is over-valued as price and risk of loss are higher than over-all value.* If you drop this thing and it breaks, GAME OVER. You will have lost your money and then have to spend more to replace it.THIS THING IS PLASTIC and GLASS. THE PRICE IS HYPED AND OVER-VALUED!!! I cannot stress this enough.Now, if we lived in a World where You and/or I could buy this phone anywhere, anytime for any provider AND easily purchase rock-solid insurance at a very reasonable price, then I'd agree that this is a keeper. BUT IT ISN'T. Sure go buy an Otterbox brick-sized case for more money just to protect it. Not from water though, nor from loss/damage or being stolen.If this thing was backed by Samsung with these sort of common-sense, simple, cradle to grave considerations, or at least a map to where this exists, then they could be very consumer-friendly, BUT they're not so don't be a dummy and get sucked into the hype before you truly THINK about how your earnings are help putting who out of business.I support Android, but these handset makers easily detach themselves from product responsibility when crazed cellphone consumers see tunnel-vision.Look for a company that insures any cellular phone with rock-solid fine print and commitment to consumer justice. If one does not exist, there you go, it's an entrepreneurial cash-cow waiting for your inception. :)

Galaxy S3 Broken Screen.... A SECOND Time... Not a Coincidence...So, I'm on my 2nd SPH-L170 Galaxy S3 phone from Samsung. The first time to no avail, I went to Asurion (Sprint's Insurance Provider) for replacement.. Paid my $150 and got another one.The screen on the first phone cracked within the first 7 days. Didn't drop it. Just cracked. I suggested manufacturers defect etc, but you never know.. maybe I didn't handle it delicately enough? Maybe I should have carried the phone around wrapped in Bubble Wrap? Not sure.. But I can tell you my wife's Iphone 4s has been through drop after drop after drop and hey... it works perfectly..And of course I have a Case surrounding my Galaxy 3 that was recommended by the Sprint Store representative to essentially keep the phone from having a cracked Screen.. But, of course it broke.By the way, did you know that when you buy a Smartphone, the ONLY warranty from your Carrier or Insurance Company only covers the Electronics and Software?  So, if you buy the phone, walk out of the store and the screen cracks, it's Not Covered unless you send it to the Manufacturer for 3 weeks for a decision from them on replacement.. And while you're waiting, Sprint doesn't offer you a Loaner or Replacement.. Thus, they Con you into using the Insurance they charge $8 a month for..Now, yet again, my Assurion Replacement phone cracked in front of my VERY eyes this morning. I pushed the HOME button at the bottom of the screen and guess what happened.. It cracked. Take a look at it.. It's awesome... Maybe I'm not supposed to push the ONE button on the Front Screen? Is it there for decoration? Maybe I should have had the phone in the Google Voice mode where you talk to it and never touch the front of the screen? Don't know.. but I do know one this so far.. Spoke to 3 Sprint representatives and they told me to go fly a Kite.. They are not standing behind the Products they are distributing.. Then I said to each Sprint Rep including a Team Leader and a Supervisor in location B56 by the name of Jason, that I googled my device model and found numerous complaints around the same issue. Guess what Sprint.. there are a lot of people out there with the same problem.. Stand behind the products you are distributing or don't sell them. I'm going to keep the links off this post for now.. Maybe Sprint will read my post and consider standing behind this.. if Not, I'm going to copy at least 3 of the links that show this problem happens a lot and that the screen is breaking/cracking essentially all by itslef because the users (me included) are not carrying around our Galaxy S3 in bubble wrap.. And I wouldn't be surprised if that didn't fix the problem either.Apple stands behind their products.. Verizon (a friend of mine has Verizon Platinum support and the same issue and Verizon simply replaced the phone, no questions asked)... Should we swithc to a carrier that cares?

Bought it for my Dad and he is enjoying using it. Good phone with many useful features and apps. will recommend it.

Pros: Lot of nice Apps and large enough screen. Unit is very flat and compact.Cons: Battery life sucks. Charge cycle to 100% ranges from 3 hours to a woefully turtle slow of 6.5 hours from a 15% battery power remaining capacity. Screen not bright enough when using the automatic brightness feature.

i had to get a replacement phone for my previous samsung s3. most naturally i bought another s3 eventhough the s4 was available. great functionality for an affordable price.

Amazing cellphone, but I didn't know that this t-mobile phone only have 2 cores (1,5 ghz :/ ) If I knew that I would bought another model with 4 cores (1,4 ghz).. at least, this phone has 2 gb of RAM

When I first got the Galaxy S3, I really liked it.  At the same time, my wife got the Motorola Droid Razr Maxx.  Within a few days (setting up both phones), I noticed the Motorola was on the 4G network and the signal showed 3 bars.  But the Galaxy S3 showed "searching for service" or had 1 bar.  It also rarely shows that it is on a 3G or 4G network.The other issue I noticed is that the volume key (left side) and the Power/Reset/Lock key (right side) very sensitive to a light touch.  Thus holding the device, it was easy to accidentally press the volume keys in such a way as to turn off the sound, or accidentally touching the power key (turning the device on and off).  Putting the device in a leather pouch on my belt, I found the device could turn on and off (or change volume) just from my movements.Despite all the great things about this phone, these two issues are enough to make me return the phone and select something else.

I absolutely loved my cell and you guys are awesome when it comes from your part! Unfortunately, although my cell was in a premium leather wallet case ,  I dropped it today and while the glass didn't crack, the screen underneath the glass bled purple until I could no longer see the screen ! While the cell works I cannot use it. Can you help me please ?

Is the best cellular phone have never owner, is easy, friendly,  more functions, the only problem is the battery need more live time

Nice phone, very fast.  I love it, Android operating system is very nice and so fast.  Also the price was good. Arrive on time!

I must admit for the time i had this phone, it was the best. Better than the iPhone in many ways, sleek, light, and above all fast. The large screen is bright, and beautiful to look at. Android yet again offers their fans customization that just isn't seen in other mobile devices. For all of this, it should be rated a 5/5.But, sadly, after just over 4 months of use, my Galaxy S3 shut off for good. No warning, no error screen, nothing. After searching for a solution to the problem on google, perhaps a hard reset, i saw that several people were having the same problems with their phones, and in most cases the only thing they were able to do about it was return it and get a new one.I will not be getting a phone that seems to just inexplicably stop working after a certain amount of time. Sorry Samsung. For as good as this phone was, the risk just isn't worth the reward.

I purchased this phone to use internationally in Korea... it's a dream.  Only thing (and this has nothing to do with the phone) I couldn't BELIEVE it was cheaper for me to buy a Samsung phone on Amazon and have it shipped here when Samsung is a Korean company.  Plain-o bonkers...Get this phone... you'll be happy.

I'm a new user to the smart phones. It's an easy to learn-use phone. I love it-what else can I say?

Short Version:The PHONE WONT WORK unless you use it in EUROPEoryou have an European friend from whom you can borrow his SIM card and do a 5 minute call (No joke).otherwise the phone WILL NOT WORK!Long Version:I didn't had much knowledge about Cellphone locks and that sort of stuff, that is why when I saw on this phone being sold as &#34;International Unlocked&#34; I though it would work Internationally and it would not had any kind of locks. I was wrong.And also the the questions the Seller replied to customers enforce my theory that it should work:---Q: Does it work in Argentina with Movistar? Sep 22, 2013A: Yes---Unfortunately the seller avoids to tell that there is a NEW lock being implemented by Samsung that prevent to use the phone directly on a different region from where it was intended to be used. The phone being sold is the European version of the S3-I9300, this means it is intended to be used with European carriers.This lock was implemented by Samsung to prevent illegal imports of their products, as it seems to be the case with this seller.On the box there is a note that says:&#34;European Model: This product must be activated though a SIM card emitted by an European Carrier (...) To use the SIM cards from other regions a five minute call must be made previously from an European carrier.&#34;When I tried to use the phone with a non-european SIM it would just ask for an unlock code, and if dismissed it will just not work as a cellphone.I contacted the seller by email first (The theoretical support email address that came written down on the box), but after three weeks the haven't yet replied.After three days I tried to contact the seller via the Customer Service form on Amazon, and after several emails (each response took 1 day from them, even if I replied 30 seconds after receiving their response) THEY ADMITTED THAT THE CELLPHONE WAS REGION LOCKED.---------------Original response from Vendor (Codes and phone # replaced with x):Good afternoon and thank you for being so patient with us as we investigate this issue for you. After an extensive investigation with our technician he has informed us that this phone may be region locked. However, he was able to provide us a code for this phone so that you may attempt to unlock it with a code because for some reason the IMEI did process and the code is as follows: Please inset your non accepted sim card in the phone and when prompter for code please enter: xxxxx. If this is unsuccessful please pull the battery and restart phone then enter the code: xxxxxxx. It will say unsuccessful then please enter the code: xxxxxx again. Please note that, region locking is something that Samsung has started doing recently and we understand how this can affect most of our customers and our business. We are willing to do anything to make sure you are a satisfied customer as we do value your business. Our technician has informed us if this code does not work for you, the only other route to this problem would before you to root the phone. However, i also understand you are not in the US at the time anymore so it would be more difficult for you to return the item to us. If you can find a local technician that can root this phone for you in order for you to use it we will fully reimburse you the cost of this operation. Once again, please accept our sincerest apologies for the troubles this has caused you. Please advise on how you would like to proceed, we are also open to any suggestions you may have for resolving this matter. Please contact us if you have any further questions or concerns, you can also call us at xxxxxxxx 11am-6pm Mon-Fri EST. Thank you and have a great day.---------------Of course non of the unlock codes worked.The other method they suggested was rooting the phone, unfortunately rooting the phone does not automatically unlocks the phone because it is something totally different, rooting the phone only gives you root access. To unlock the phone via this method you need not only root but also an app that actually removes the region-lock. At the moment when I bough the phone there is no such a thing for this particular model, it does exist a hack for the Galaxy Note, but not for the G3-I9300.Nevertheless I rooted the phone and tried to unlock it with the Galaxy Note method without luck.After this unsuccessful attempts I contacted the seller again to return the phone, 2 weeks later they have not yet replied.Luckily enough there was an European friend who kindly lent me his SIM card and we did a 5 minute call and the phone was unlocked. But care must be takes as Samsung says it can re-enable the lock after certain time.So unless you plan to use the cellphone in Europe, or have an european SIM Card that can use to do a call, DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE as it will NOT WORK.The Seller SHOULD INFORM this to the users!

I love my phone and I would not trade it for the world. I have a Samsung tablet also and it is just like it. I am very satisfied with Samsung products and their quality.

Overall I love the phone. Very easy to use. Only downfall is the crappy battery life, it needs to be charged daily.

The phones were purchased to be sent to Barbados. Every thing went well  with no problems .Will recommend them to anyone.

was I fell from a height of 10 centimeters and is broke the screen, I do not recommend for anything this phone is broken very easily, I have a HTC that is me has fallen many times, that if it is a truth phone!

wonderfull

The phone performs just as well as a brand new one.  The battery is even fine.  This is an amazingly smart phone,

Battery life was always a disadvantage for iPhones and hence while switching over to a smart phone I decided I will get something really smart in terms of features, battery life and looks. The other day I saw the Samsung Galaxy S III advertisement while browsing through channels and I really liked the looks of it. Inorder to get a better understanding of the product I checked Amazon to get technical specifications. Satisfied I placed an order. My all new Samsung Galaxy S III arrived last week and here I am to talk about it. I have never seen a better screen resolution with any other phones. The operating system S3 is faster. Talk about the camera, the 8MP camera offers 20 shot burst mode and gives me the flexibility to choose the best photos among them.

Does anybody have any information regarding whether or not the Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue) is compatible with the Verizon 4G LTE network?  or will the network not allow unlocked smart phone use?

buen producto el equipo es totalmente nuevo funciona a la perfeccion es exactamente lo que esperaba y el precio es razonable

Superb!

The Samsung Galaxy S3 is a horribly made phone. After the second week of owning this phone the screen shattered after falling on my carpet matt floor. A couple months later the phone would not hold a charge more than and hour. I had to buy a new charger because the one that came with the phone stopped working. Last week the phone stopped charging completely. After reading many reviews about the phone needing the charging port replaced by THOUSANDS of different owners of this phone I contacted customer service. Since the screen shattered they would not replace the charging port even though it is obviously a manufacturing error. This company is horrible a phone purchased at $500 they will not even repair. Horrible product cheaply made horrible customer service not willing to admit fault with their own product even though it is well documented all over the internet.

This is the best phone I have ever owned - of the six I have had over a lifetime (three Blackberry, three Android). I would be hard pressed to think of any serious complaints. If anything, it is a large phone. However, you know that going into it. As for battery life, all LTE phones suffer from less than stellar battery life. I don't find the S3 any worse than others. In fact, better than my Rezound.I bought this phone outright, out of contract. I don't regret one dime of what I spent. I doubt even the new iPhone will beat it (even though it will finally have an updated look, same tired OS).LOVE IT!

I am very upset with the product you sold me aSavings, by 104-2903263-1585025 cheated because I bought the Samsung Galaxy S model GT-I9300 III/S3 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue) for $ 372 and what was my surprise to receive my package arrived was the Chinese model Samsung Galaxy S III I747 (Pebble Blue) from at & t without headphones to pass the phone to the date I made &#8203;&#8203;my purchase cost more or less $ 327.49, I am from Venezuela and the procedure for devoverlo is very complicated so I recommend you do not buy with these people, consider them scammers

All I have to say is if you buy this phone, BUY A CASE.  This thing is as fragile of a phone as I've ever seen.  Mine fell on the carpet, TV remote landed on it and the screen cracked all over the phone.  This happened less than 12 hours after I bought it.I owned an HTC EVO before this and that thing was a brick.  This Galaxy S III is more like a thin cracker.  I did love the phone for the 2 hours I actually got to use it.  Just beware and BUY A CASE.

I took the phone out country and so far everthing is great. The service and fast shipping were terrific. I wou;d recommend you consider this type of phone for overseas.

I love the phone it is very usefulVery modern phone, It is controlling the marketI already recommended to my friends

Product is good. Easy to install and provides good protection to the phone body. Cons - there is a line showing up along with the side which sometimes steals the looks

The phone was ok but, I did not meet completely my expectations because its case had been opened already. I really thought it was a brand new one.

Everything seems fine. However, the battery is not good. The delivery time is off by one day. But still. this is one great phone.

Got exactly as listed. Love this phone. Had a HTC Inspire and will Never buy a HTC again. Samsung Galaxy all the way.

i love it

Hi, I love this phone , the cell phone is perfect and work very well. I take the best pictures.

Beware of buying this product, it's very likely to suffer the Sudden Death syndrome (Google about it), and no warranty is honored neither by the store nor Samsung for the International Version. I've been a Samsung fan for a long time, but this has been a huge disappointment, so no more Samsung products for me. Their warranty model is just a joke.

Se reinicia solo el telefono y no lo cubre la garantia de este comercio. . . . . .. . . . . . . . . .

This is the BEST cellphone i have ever owned. The internet is super fast, takes beautiful pictures, and is super light ! The only downside is that the battery life is not so great... but i can manage.

This is a perfect phone for those that want an unlocked Samsung S3. Here in Venezuela I had no problems with the settings or anything about this excellent phone. Highly reccomended!

Im having great.time with this phone but one problem galaxy wont work good with soul by ludacris or any other headphones that good. Other than that it is perfect

Nine months latter... I had a terrible surprise, my phone was damaged. The &#34;cpu&#34; runs out of battery even with the battery saying 53% or more.It shuts itself constantly and the battery only last three hours if you just use the phone. If you use video, GPS, or anything else it only holds for 20 minutes.Waste of money, don't buy it.I try to fix it in Brazil, but they told me, beside it has only 9 months I had no warranty. So I tryed to pay the repair and they don't have the parts for that.

It's a good phone. still in the top. It has some problems and bugs and I've heard about sudden death...

The screen is very, very bright and crisp, fluid and is something the team color is beautiful.

Great phone love it and got the flip cover for it. Easy to use and is really the hot item out there now when it comes to smart phones.

ME ENCANTO EL EQUIPO, ES SUPER INTERACTIVO, UTIL, PRACTICO Y FACIL DE MANEJAR. ME ENCANTA MI TELEFONO NUEVO Y EL COLOR MARAVILLOSO

The Galaxy S3 is an unlocked phone,  the box, cell and manuals were neat and in very good conditions. I guess originally for the french and italian market.

Excelente celular, llego en el tiempo estimado, sin problema ninguno, tiene buen funcionamiento, vendedor muy bueno y responsable...... recomendado 100%

Excellent negotiation, I would buy one with you. 100% responsible and serious. very good product  and very good quality. works well without problems

I want to make it clear that this phone is technologically AMAZING. It has so many awesome features, the screen is incredible, the camera is top notch for a phone camera, and the software... while sometimes a little laggy... is easy to use. I'm not going into specifics about all the cool stuff you can do with the S3 because there are tons of reviews here that do it for me. I agree with them! All of them.MY issue with the S3 is something I wish I had been told before I purchased the phone. Had I been told, I probably would have opted for something different... aka the I5. (Even though I freaking hate all things Apple... they make repairs affordable and easy!) My S3 made it less than a month before I shattered the screen. Typically this would be a time where I bemoan my timing (my otterbox came in the mail about two days after this incident) and curse my clumsy nature BUT the fact that I was sitting in a fully carpeted room (it's actually extra padded carpet because it's a classroom designed for toddlers under two year of age) in a chair designed for a preschooler... it might not even be 12 inches off the ground (not very comfortable but HEY! I needed to sit down to paint with the kiddo's!)...the fact that the screen was completely shattered from top to bottom after taking a tumble of maybe 14 inches onto a padded carpet... WELL! I mean what do you say? The salesperson at Verizon told me about this "gorilla glass" stuff and made it seem like the designers of the S3 had taken the fact that screens break all the time into account. I just want to know what kind of gorillas Samsung is basing their strength tests off of. I mean honestly?So anyways, I didnt have insurance (yeah I know.. boo and hiss to me for not being prepared) but I didnt have insurance because I A. Treated the thing like it was a newborn baby B. expected to have it protected by the big bad otter box and C. I haven't ever dropped/broke a phone so I didnt even think about it when I was researching which phone to upgrade to. So I call Verizon and they're pretty much like "Sorry, you're SOL." I call all around the Atlanta area looking for an independent repair shop... every quote I get is over $300... for a SCREEN! When I dropped it, I was upset, but I figured since the touch screen still worked that it was just the surface glass that needed repair and it wouldnt cost much at all. Wrong. Samsung has made it incredibly easy to replace the screen of this phone by selling the LCD/glass/digitizer as a pre-attached piece. Aka... even though just the glass broke, you can't replace JUST the glass. I mean maybe some super hi-tech adrenaline junkie could do it with some super fancy tools... but no professional would. Being friends with a few tech savvy people I think to myself "I'll just go buy this silly hi-tech screen part and have someone smart fix it! Parts are always cheap, right?" Wrong. Amazon, ebay, ect ect... every screen replacement part was either a blatant rip off or cost over $250. SO I finally call Samsung (I waited to call them last because I figured their repair would take forever and it would be super expensive... it ended up being $180 so not SO bad but still...) and I get the order processed and all goes well. The repair is awesome and everything is just like new. However, I feel like this phone was made to make Samsung's repair technicians jobs easier and they didn't take the customer into account at all. Surely a screen breaking is the most common issue with all cell phones so I dont understand why any company who has the consumer in mind would make it so expensive to do what should be a simple repair. It kind of blows my mind.Not a week later, a friend of mine also broke her phone. Only she had it in a case! And it broke IN her pocket. She had insurance and had to pay $90 (not including tax or shipping)to get a whole new phone. Sigh...I don't know. I just feel like they either should've made some gorilla glass that lives up to the name or they should have made repairs more cost effective for their customers.End of story, awesome technology... but I'm not sure if it's worth it for the super flimsy nature of the phone! I shall be wrapping this newly fixed phone in bubble wrap in addition to the otter box and praying that the next time I'm due for an upgrade that they have made bullet proof/shatter proof glass screens. Dreamers will dream eh?

After 10 month using this product it Dead suddenly -cause by 16G flash controller bug!! .this bug was fixed on 4.1.2 Jellybeansbut I was not having the opportunity to test that (Use 4.1.1 Jellybean).I ask the Dealer / Samsung costumer service for Help - no comments!!Switching to other manufacturing .....NO more Samsung.27/5/2013 - updateI just calling Samsung USA and It found to be a Hong Kong Hand set.So I call Hong Kong 0085236984698 help center and they confirm that because the Handset bought online it actually have ZERO (0) warranty .Amazon seller statement is that handset have 1 year warranty  with actually zero coverage.Thanks great way to sell product .I will look very carefully in the future (if ever) to buy a product using AMAZONThis is a bad bad experience - I just lost 876$ -thank you amazon - grate seller !!!

This is the best phone I have ever have. It starts really fast. Responds fast to commands and easy to use.

My apologies this review is going to be a little scattered because it's 7AM and I haven't been to bed yet ;)So I pre-ordered the iPhone 5 about a week before it was due to be released and like most of you I saw all the Samsung adverts: the next big thing is already here, blah, blah, blah and I started to waffle a bit: was I being an Apple fanboy/girl?  I mean I've always wanted a bigger screen and I'm a chick so keeping something in my pocket doesn't matter to me - so when the e-mail came from BB that my pre-ordered iPhone 5 would not be arriving I decided this is God's way of telling me to get the Galaxy S3 :)Drove to BB on "iPhone 5" day and picked up my brand spankin' new S3 and then straight to the mall to get ripped off of $40 by Zagg because I just can't get those darned shields/skins to go on right myself.Turned on the phone and was floored by the big pretty screen although I have to say I must really be spoiled by the Retina screen because while everyone talks about the great screen the only thing great about it is it's big.Battery life was initially terrible until I downloaded this battery juice app and while it improved it I still have to charge the phone everyday (unlike the iPhone 4)Now while I'm a long time Mac user (I'd estimate since about '98) I always thought the whole Apple love fest was a little over wrought UNTIL I would try to go back to Windows (last time I made that mistake was over 8 years ago) and then I'd remember that I just really appreciate the whole Apple aesthetic.The same goes for the whole "Apple just more intuitive" meme - but I guess I've finally learned that (for me at least) it's true and darn it the apps are just "prettier".  You can actually Google why are Android apps so ugly and get lots of hits.Little quirks that are specific to me but may also matter to you:I prefer the way the home screen on the iPhone alerts you to missed calls.I like my push notifications.For some reason my Optimum app (cable company) finds both of my DVRs but the Android version only finds one and the iPhone version lets me watch TV on my Phone and the Android version does not.The only thing I prefer about the Android is the widgets.Bottom line is I paid $199 for this phone with no sales tax in New Hampshire - now I am home in NY and I am going to pay $218 for the iPhone 5 and flush the $40 I paid to Zagg down the toilet and pay another $40 to get my iPhone 5 wrapped - so I'm essentially going to shell out and/or lose almost 100 bucks because that is how much I just cannot stomach this phone in comparison to the iPhone.Now I wrote this review because a lot of the reviews I read about people who switched from the iPhone to the Galaxy were overwhelming positive and really gave me the final push and I wanted to add a disenting voice to balance those reviews out.  I'm not going to get into an argument with Android fan boys who are getting just as bad as Apple ones.

hi i just went to the tmobile retail store to see if this phone will work with tmobile 4g or LTE but they told me it only works on edge is there any possible to make it work 4g or LTE??and i also talk to call representative they said it can possibly work. whoever got this to work can you please help me??thanks =)

Like: it has an awesome screen, lots of apps, widgets.Dislike: I was an iphone user for a few years and I miss how easy it was to have everything in sync with my mac and ipad. However, there are tons of apps out there that make the trick.This smartphone is great for anyone who is willing to invest a few hours configuring it. Once you do that is perfect.

bought this as a continuum to my galaxy . my old phone was so ruggedly used without a cover.sadly, I overestimated this new product, its the bad sheep of the galaxy family and the screen broke with the first fall it faced! My old Galaxy had at the most a dent with similar fall.replacement of the not original screen is 170$ min!! not happy at all :'(

I bought this for my wife and my kid, phone is amazing with international warranty, Sound clarity is good and apps compatibility is also great.

he tenido que pagar el doble del envio porque el vendedor coloco este MINIMO producto en una caja INMENSAAAAA no deben mentir en las dimensiones! mentirosos!

very nice cellphone with the best functions of android so it is a cell with caracateristics very fast and the only bad thing is that it doent work with 4G

I bought an unlocked cell phone and i revceived a locked ccell phone, now i have to pay to someno to get my cell phone unlocked to use it

love the phone, it's fast and the screen is very clear.  The size is excellent and not heavy.  Still trying out different things on it.

Just perfect...Thanks, it was just like it said in the offer. Very professional and fast.Best regards.Germ&aacute;n Sims S&egrave;ve.

mobile phone with an excellent display, very fast, the truth is an excellent mobile device.Despite the large, easily handled with one hand

This phone is being very useful for me.  Nice apps, easy to use, expandable memory with micro SD, switchable battery.

Super phone.  Very slick looking, fast and user friendly.  Nice colour.  The only problem is the international version will arrive set in a different language...this video shows you how to change to English or another preferred language[...]Otherwise perfect!

I feel that i have to constantly reboot or take the battery out because it gets stuck and can't get the phone to do anything.

It's simply amazing!! I'm absolutely in love with this phone. So much better than iPhone. Everything about this phone this perfect

I love this phone.After 6 months of ownership, I got in love with this phone.It's always fast and responsive.The display is amazing, really good colors, brightness and resolution.Both back and front cameras are amazing. It takes really good pictures, and panoramic pictures are amazing.Android OS gets updated frequently (not as frequently as for google phones). Im actually at Android 4.1.1 and it's full of features

I have to pay $80 to unlock the phone. Tengo que pagar $80 adicionales para liberar el telefono. &iquest;Quien me los reembolsa luego?

This is a very fast phone, a tthink this is its most relevant fature... the size is not what like the most, a mean, it isn't discret at all.. but am happy wiht it. if you don't matter about a phone size i'll plany recomend this one for you..

Hi i just want to mention that this international version supports only Edge not 3g or 4g with T mobile connection. i didnt try with other carrier. Please be aware, i am not sure if there is any other way to make it work on 3G

The best phone I ever have....  Ive been an Iphone fan since it came out....  NOT ANYMORE!!  this is much better...!!!  many more posibilities, programs, adds on...  gadgets.....  everything.....

It's user friendly, great camera.Met my expectations except for battery life and poor Music loading,I Phones are much better in these areas. I have used it for 6months. It's a great toy though.

Amazing phone is really fast on internet, great screen and amazing color this phone is all that i want. Thanks for the phone

The phone is amazing easy to use, great unique features that makes it the best smart phone so far, really fast the voice command works fine to change songs, stop or repeat alarms. The cam really stands up many features and really fast.

Needless to say the gift was a success. My husband loved it and I feel happy every time I see him play with it. IT is not my cup of tea but my hubby likes to experiment and such so he will work with it.

This my feedback claim related to this product:The positive:* Great design / great operative system* I receive a SGH-T999 model with 1.5GHz processor dual core 1.5GH & 2 GB RAM NOT A 4G LTE device , but it very fast even it is not quad core* In addition you I receive 48GB free space for 2 years in Drop BoxThe negative:* No headphones included in the box* Reliability: After full charging I start using it with no problems but for some reason the device does not power on randomly even if it has more than 70% battery. In order to wake the phone up I have to plug in the charger line a moment and then the phone is ok and I'm able to use again. This happens randomly, but I am losing my calls when the phone doesn't wake up. I been using the same operative system (Android) in other devices more than a year for this reason I am sure something is going wrong (In my case the supplier is abe-123)* Unlocked Issues: The reason I search for unlock devices is because I am free to get full benefits from manufactured. This phone it's a T-Mobile branded device for this reason it has a custom made operative system (ICS) and not the original stock operative system from Samsung and will never get officially updates (stock ROM'S) and it has function that I am not able to use in my country  but consuming my resources (memory & processor). This is not really an unlocked device* Notice that is not possible to move applications to the external memory like other devices (micro SDHC)

I ordered this Samsung Galaxy S III GT-19300 Unlocked Brand new as the ad stated on the website urgently so I can use it when traveling Overseas. unfortunately, instead I received the item in an open box broken seal which assumed to be used. The item has some minor problems such intermittent flickering and I have to tap hard on the screen to execute programs which I can live with since I have to leave out of country and don't have time to send it back and get another one. The problem was reported immediately after I received unit, but the seller never replied back. The shipping was good and delivered on time.

Just the right colour size and has all the features I would want in a smart phone I might want to upgrade to an S4 jus for the additional features.

I'm simply happy with it. Good size, steady, has never frozen and battery is still good after 7 months of use.

This piece of hardware is awesome. I choose this on basis on price difference with its successor S4.S4 has slightly more horse power which is not very vital for my use and the difference between the two , saves me about 200 dollars.  So far I havent had any issues with this phone.

The best phone I ever had. The best phone in the world! I hate the I-phone! !! You must to buy this product!

THIS IS THE BEST SMART PHONE I EVER BOUGH. THE TOUCH SCREEN WORK GRAT. IS VERY EASY TO SET AND THE CAMERA IS THE BEST IN A CELLULAR.

Pros: Great phone, very stylish and easy to work with. Nice screen resolution, although more could be desiredCons: Too big, difficult to cary.

The cellphone arrived in the time as expected, but I weren't unaware the type of seller I had to deal with. I will first tell you about the phone. Mid range device with huge marketplace of apps waiting to download on it. I'm pleased with the look and feel of this one, handy and comfortable to carry out in your pocket without no one notice at all, and sometimes even yourself. On the other hand, sometimes Android gets laggy and clumsy with some commands, taking a few seconds to respond my demands and I realized that my windows phone managed performance in a better shape than this S3. Another issue with this device, and the most difficult one, is that although in the title of the publication said the device came unlocked turns out it wasn't, and at this point is when my nightmare begins. I purchased from a different seller than amazon with apparently good rates and reviews but the customer service until now it has been deficient and I must say I'm very upset about their treatment with my complain about my S3 locked issue. They told me that Samsung are shipping devices unlocked since 5 months ago only for using under European and North American soil and it wont work properly with carriers from Latin America, Africa or Asia. I use to travel a lot because my job requires it and I wanted to try some new different and taste what everybody told me about the marvelous world of android but I couldn't do it because of this matter. Therefore, and with a great effort, I made a deal with this seller and they will pay the rooting process in order to unlock the cellphone to all regions. I will post back when that happens.

I got this phone as a gift for my father and he is absolutely loving it. He was looking for Jelly bean v1.1.2 and this phone had Ice cream sandwich v1.0, but he did an upgrade and its on latest OS.

Great phone, it worjed very well snd happy to have it so happy. I am glad that I bought it

I finally got my SIII and wow! It's all I expected it to be and more. I am doing stuff that I never thought would be done on a phone.I love it!!!!!!!!!!!

The look and feel of the phone is like none other. It is thin, light, and really really powerful.Software:It has some really advanced features such as automatic face tagging, turn over to pause, and more but I find that I really don't use those features as much as I thought I would especially since they are they aren't fully mature (ex: I have tagged my wife's face at least 3 different time and it still doesn't work). As a result, I don't use the "cutting edge" features as much as much as I thought I would. However, the phone excels with the day to day features that even gives my tablet trouble (my tablet Asus Transformer reboots almost 2 times/day. My cellphone, none :-)).Reception:My wife has an Evo 3D, we have also owned an LG Optimus, and Blackberry's have all have had 5 bars reception whereas my Galaxy S3 only gets 1-3 bars, mostly 2.Conclusion:Overall, I really like the phone despite the reception issues. I have never owned an Android phone in which I got to truly experience a seamless Android experience before I had the Galaxy S3. Might I also mention that this is the best looking phone in the market and it feels great to hold.

There is NO warranty on this phone. It died of a (now documented) sudden death after the Amazon return period. Samsung USA will not service it. Calls to England resulted in a message that it would not be serviced since the item was purchased in the US. Because this is the international version not sold in the US Samsung will not service it here.I will never buy another Samsung product since they will not stand behind it. This was a rip off of over $500 and Amazon will not help.It  wouid be best if Amazon refused to sell Samsung products. Very,very unhappy. Feel cheated.There is no warranty at all.The problem I HAD IS also with the vendor, BLUTEKUSA. They do not care if the items they sell have no warranty, nor do they trouble themselves to alert potential buyers to this fact; BLUTEKUSA did not:(1) Advise purchasers in the U.S. that because this was not an item supported by Samsung USA that there was no warranty that comes with the product(2) That a third party warranty was available.I wish AMAZON.COM that provides excellent service to its customers, would REMOVE  BLUTEKUSA from its companies that make products available on the Amazon site. Unlike BlUTEKUSA, Amazon does not take BLUTEKUSA'S "caveat Emptor" philosophy but wishes to please customer.BLUTEKUSA WROTE ME: 'Just so you know, thousands of customers have purchased this item from us and many of them were able to follow through with their warranty in the country of origin. Some have worked with Samsung in the Czech Republic, Italy, Germany, and numerous other destinations. Many other customers, knowing that they were purchasing an international version of the item, purchased third party warranties through Square Trade, Geek Squad, and other such companies in the industry to make sure that they were covered in the US. We cannot take responsibility for an item purchased so long ago as we do not get anything to uphold other companies' warranties. If the company decides to void their own warranty, for whatever reason, that is not something that we are able to uphold. A Motorola phone that I owned stopped working one day and when it was sent to them, they stated that the phone was water damaged. There was no water damage when the phone left my possession but that was their reason to void the warranty. So, I do understand your frustration and there is a manufacturer that backs us to uphold their warranties but, unfortunately, Samsung does not. We are very sorry for any issue this may have caused you but please feel free to contact us if you have any other questions or concerns."WOULD NOT IT HAVE BEEN NICE TO HAVE BEEN ADVISED THAT THERE WAS NO WARRANTY ON THIS PRODUCT IF PURCHASED IN THE US, BUT THIRD PARTY WARRANTIES WERE AVAILABLE?NICE OF THE REPRESENTATIVE to slam Motorola without documentation. .

This product attend me perfectly!Beautiful design, soft and sensitive touch.I am satisfected with this product I have bought.

I got this phone 3 months ago as a gift for my sister! She has no complain whatsoever with it ,,,

excellent product. meets all my expectations. great attention by the seller. Recommended widely. completely satisfied with the purchase. again recommend

The product is OK, it is just what I needed. I added one more start because the seller added the screen protector for free.Thanks!

I sent another version was not the version of the ad sent me the version of the T777 and not international version i9300  that was written in the announcement the i9300 and sent me another product !!

Buen telefono, buen procesador. calidad de graficos. Gran capacidad de memoria y es muy bonito. lo recomiendo a todos. gran compra.

This phone is fast and light.  The screen resolution is great.  With the ability to add 64 GB of added storage to the phone, on top of the 16 GB internal (making a total of 80 GB), you should never have a storage issue with this phone.  Pretty much anything on this phone can be customized which is the main advantage of this phone over the iPhone 5.  The phone takes great pictures (for a phone) and the video quality is pretty good too.  The battery life is ok.  I charge it every night and as long as I don't play games on it the entire day it will usually last until I go to bed at night.  If you are just using it for texts and calls and the occasional web search then the battery should last you all day.  However, if you are constantly web browsing or streaming videos or playing games then you will probably run out of battery before the end of the day.

a lot of features and a lot of bugs, the wifi keep turning off and on, doing bunch of researches and coming up with no solution to fix this issue plus a lot of other issues.

buy the phone to this store because I thought that is one of the best, but when I open the package with the phone I find that the cell's logo is missing a letter.if this does not send it back because do not know if this phone is new or notfavorable position for an answerfarewellmarceloattached photo link cell[...]

i bought it for my brother- he loves it!!!very comfortable and easy to use for a phone. almost better than the iphone.... :)

&#34;The phone is not genuine, they sent me the chinese version and I got only one month with this phone and the battery doesn't charged anymore, I'm from venezuela and I can't find overhere this battery cause is the chinese version, it's a crap version not original, I am very disappointed with the seller. If you want to buy a Samsung Galaxy S 3 do not chose this seller.&#34; they sold me the chinese version.

This is not a GT- I9300, this seller it's taking us for fools!(No es un GT-I9300, este vendedor no est&aacute; tomando por idiotas!)Don't buy this if you don't want to have issues and problems! I'm an engineer and I assure you all that this is not an original GT-I9300, it's just a SGH-I747. This guy is selling this as a I9300 because he wants to sell more.. IT'S JUST FALSE ADVERTISING!!No compre esto si no quieres tener problemas! Soy ingeniero y puedo asegurarles que no es un GT-I9300 original, es simplemente la versi&oacute;n americana SGH-I747. Este tipo est&aacute; vendiendo esto como un GT-I9300 para tratar de vender m&aacute;s - ES S&Oacute;LO FALSA PUBLICIDAD!!).

The phone on itself has all the perks and computing power you need, yet it has been freezing and shutting down by itself (at least twice a day), since the very first day I took it out of the box...

exellent thanks very good cellphone my friend ! i don`t know so much english jeje.. I am sorry, s3 good

This is the best phone i ever had, it's just amazing how fast it is and how easy to use. like they said it's the Iphone Killer!

I have had many cellphones. This is the best phone that I have ever owned. The best thing about this phone is I don't think I'll have to buy a new phone for a long time.

The phone software locks up all the time.  You'd think they would have taken the time to actually design programs to shut off when not in use-I have to go into the task manager all the time to shut down programs, sometimes programs i never selected to run, have been running.  There is always 8 programs running, that i have not selected, just to maintain the life of the battery.  Don't kid yourself with Juice Defender either.  It doesn't work.  Battery life?  Approximately 6 hours if you are lucky.

the phone is very nice... works perfect in Venezuela with Movistar.great camera, programs, fast and light.one of the best phones right now

Very fast and smooth, very well designed. I love its big screen. I had a SGSII but SGSIII is better so far it has many features that you will love.

This phoen is amazing... greta tecnology, easy to use and lots of multi functions...it comparable to a iphone, with the benefits you won't find at appple products (when you are tide to use apps, storage cards, etc)

I totally loved this phone, everything in the package was seal, the only thing that i didn't like is the batery life but it isn't a big deal. I'm using it now in Venezuela and it works pretty well with Movistar.

The cellphone looked like used in good conditions. Also comes with some garbish aplications like Rzeczpospolita, Skychash, e-Kiosk which are not easy to uninstall.

I LOVE IT! I am not a big fan of apple because of the way they lock their software and in all honestly I hate iTunes...I got used to Android and absolutely loved this phone! Great functionality, awesome screen and it just does a lot.I recently changed it for an iPhone 5 because I got the iPhone from work, but I do miss my Galaxy 3. Siri is better on the iPhone, I'll give apple that, but on the rest, I'll stick to the Galaxy, for sure!

I really like the phone, but the case came with a little pressure crack around the camera hole.  I'm not sure how, but I'm not happy.  Also, The case's attaching mechanism has a flaw now (only a few weeks of use) and it pops up a bit, allowing for dust and sand and whatnot to enter.  Need to buy a new case :(

Excellent smartphone. Easy to use.  This was a birthday present for my 14 years old daughter and she loved it. It worths every dollar.

Purchased because my iPhone screen turned all psychedelic on me with multi-changing colors and nothing else for two days straight. Not very useful What's a guy to do when the iPhone 5 is not here and EVERY ONE else appears to have an iPhone? Do Droid, go droid in a big way and never look back. This latest version of Galaxy is great for many many reasons but most of all b/c it is not an iphone :)I still have all my apps from iphone, enjoy blazing fast 4G speeds and love the fact that this phone is totally customizable (widgets, tiles, etc.) Two days after activating the GS3, my iphone came back to life- too late buddy :)  side by side, the iphone is just too heavy, and too small.

Esta super lindo, muy practico y me encanta... No me ha dado problemas en lo absoluto y se los recomiendo!!!

pros:awesome featuresquad corelarge batterycon:worst designcool phone but a bit ovrpriced...but far better than its competitors.

The phone has never disappeared came to the company fresh! I had already refunded the money but there should be a return message indicating when such a situation occurs, because if one does not demand money back because the item never arrived then you lose that money and the item.

The included battery in the sealed box doesn't fit in the phone!!! The battery's part number it's correct. so Is the phone or battery counterfeit? There is no back cover protector, and the speaker grill on the back appears dented. The seal sticker on the box was over another sticker. Are these units refurbished or counterfeit? And the only instructions were in Portugues. Is this what they mean by an "international version"?I thought I could buy with confidence since this is fulfilled by Amazon, but obviously there is no quality control and Amazon just stores and ships what ever junk they get sent.

I have nothing to complain about this phone. I am very satisfied. It is better than i was expecting. Great phone...

You people have no lives...and probably work for Apple. Seriously one stars for the S3? Right. It is way worse than any phone you have ever owned....and it is just aweful. This phone is awesome....flat out. Please, do us all a favor and go buy an iphone. Congrats!

I dont know what is wrong but the phone keep on shutting down like after every 5 mins. This is my second s3 and this is the first one to give me problem. Im not pleased at all. feeled ripped off

Great phone at a good price and it was really unlocked. I will soon by one more for my family.

PROVIDES A WIDE SATISFACTION IS A SMART PHONE FIRST. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED, ENJOY.EXCELENTE TELEFONO INTELIGENTEBRINDA UNA AMPLIA SATISFACCION, ES UN SMART PHONE DE PRIMERA. ALTAMENTE RECOMENDADO, DISFRUTENLO.

It is all in the description, and I bought it knowing that this version is non LTE and, despite it is Quad core, it is slower than US versions due to only 1 GB of RAM comprared with 2 in the US version. My wofe has the HTC one X and, apart from the screen, it is much better, faster and stable phone than the S3 i9300.

I took this to Vietnam, bought a sim card and work out of the box.  I love it.  I would recommend to buy it.

excelente producto, el telefono se comport&oacute; perfectamente en Venezuela, no he tenido ningun inconveniente. el sistema operativo es de los mejores, vino con todos sus accesorios

I've been (and still am) a Mac person but I everything I heard about Android made me try it. I used a BlackBerry for years and, at times, I miss it. The Galaxy 3 is a great phone, among many other things; too many for me. But I'm learning. The only thing that sometimes annoys me is that it decides to do things spontaneously. Editing and erasing stuff is not obvious, although there is vast amount of support on the web. I'm enjoying it.

I had a motorola atrix, then an Iphone 4S but the Galaxy S III is the best! the camera is great and incredibly fast, the image is like the iphone 4S but bigger (screen 4,8), the syncronization with google is great and i love the widgets. In comparison with the Iphone I can tell you that you need like 2 or 3 clicks less on every action you want to take. The screen is great but is a little bit bigger so i will prefer a phone not so big. Thanks

Muy buena, hice buena compra. No me arrepiento de la compra hecha. Bajar los precios un poco m&aacute;s por favor s&iacute;?

Does everything as advertized.Couple of things for the people that wants an easy-to-use phone. This one has many menus and you need to customize a lot of things to have it the way you want it. If you don't mind expending some time to get this done then pick this phone. Otherwise if you like a a phone that has less things to do and almost ready to use out-of-the-box then you need to look at another option.There is no high quality headphones  with mic and remote control yet that work with this phone. That is a thing to consider if you are seeking for a good music sound. The OEM headphones are OK but not great.The performance is great, a all those widgets that you can get make it something to play a lot with. Just love that.

Buy this mobile exactly 5 months and a day like any other stopped working. Bring it to a repair center and was told that the main board was burned. Research on the internet and it turns out that the Galaxy S3 have a hardware defect, at 5 months were burning main board. I tell them not to buy this mobile, because it has no warranty, and lose their money, as I now have to buy another, and pay only 5 months ago more than 500USD laying burn that has no warranty. If I had, samsung knows the problem and they changed to a new one, but since it does not, just lost my money. Thanks to this sale. Not lose their money, do not buy this mobile.

I've been frustrated with this phone since I bought it in September due to spotty coverage and streaming capabilities.  It will frequently show low or no signal in places where my Blackberry (on the same network) does fine.  Last straw occurred yesterday when it died because a small amount of sweat seeped into the case while I was running with the phone in an armband.  The phone was completely destroyed.I've owned this phone for less than two months.  It should not have allowed water incursion in the first place, and the drop or two that did get in should not have caused a complete meltdown.  Terrible durability, and I now find that it's worthless for one of the primary reasons I purchased the phone.Strong recommendation against.  I should have bought an iPhone.

This truly is a great device, but sadly I've received one that has the cellular problem.When making incoming or outgoing calls the phone will connect, but no sound is heard on either end. And if left connected for about 10 seconds the call will drop and I will loose connection from the cellular network for a min.I've searched high and low for a solution.. I've tried god knows how many different roms.. I've changed basebands.. factory reset, but no avail... the problem persists.Im certain that it's a hardware problem because if you tap the back of the phone you can sometimes hear the audio cutting in and out.From what I've read online the only solution is to send it back to Samsung, and apparently they change the motherboard... but thats a bit difficult in my situation as I live in the Cayman islands.Other than that pesky problem I love my s3.

Phone arrived on time and in excellent condition. Brand new. The only issue was that the language was set in german so it took a little while to locate the language settings to change it to english. But apart from that excellent worth every dollar. Got it as a gift and the person loves it

I AM REALLY SORRY THAT MY SIM CARD DID NOT FIT THE SLOT.  MY SIM CARD IS LARGE AND THE SIII SLOT IS FOR A SMALL SIZE SIM CARD.  ALSO, THE PACKAGE ONLY INCLUDES A UK ADAPTOR, NO OTHER ADAPTERS, LIKE FOR U. S. OR EUROPE.  I EMAILED THE SELLER AND REQUESTED A REPLACEMENT SIII THAT WOULD FIT MY SIM CARD.  THEY REPLIED FOR ME TO CALL FOR TECH. SERVICE TO FIX MY PROBLEM.  I HOPE THAT I CAN HAVE A SMALLER SIM CARD MADE TO FIT THE SLOT BY MY CELL PHONE SERVICE PROVIDER.THE SIII DOES APPEAR TO BE A GREAT PHONE.  I HOPE THAT I CAN GET THE SIM CARD PROBLEM RESOLVED.

Excellent phone also come on time, better than any other smart phone I had before excellent and exactely as was described on line, very glad.

After using Blackberry for over 5 years, I made the decision to try the Android line of phones.  After doing some research on both the Motorola Droid Max and the Samsung Galaxy S3; I settled on the Samsung.  The phone lives up to all the specifications only negative is its battery live.  I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants a serious android phone.

Best time to buy a good product is when manufacturer releases a new version. Got it at an unbeatable price!

Working in technology gave me the opportunity to use this first hand along with the Apple iPhone 5.  Hands down the iPhone's workmanship blows this shoddy device out of the water.  After using it extensively for 2 weeks the S3 started making a creaking noise if squeezed too tightly...If this phone was half the price of an iPhone I would say it might be a good candidate however since they are almost the same cost, the S3 is too cheap looking for the price you pay.  Not to mention the constant crashing and low battery life as reported by several users.

hello, to use this phone in Latin America must have sim card, they? x x x xx x x x x x x x  x xx x x  x x x x x x  x x x

Worst purchase ever!I returned the Phone because it has some things in chinese, and the Worst thing is that it wasnt unlocked! I tried to send it to get unlocked but the versi&oacute;n was different and it wasnt possible to use the Phone in ecuador ... I even compare the batery size with other s3 that work perfect and this one was smallest! So i start wondering if the Phone was a fake s3! Anyways i returned it because it wasnt what i order and spected! You better think twice before purchase this!Hope this is helpfull to someone

I bought this phone in December,2013 and in next two months it stop charging. When I took it repair shop I was told that it's charging point is not working and it can not be changed either because it was already repaired earlier.So in net shell I received a phone from Amazon which was defective and already repaired. I am very disappointed with my whole experience with this phone and the kind of seller Amazon has.

Excellent phone very good, I like their features and is the world's telephone etter thanks for sale, good, good, good

The phone came in perfect physical condition but is blocked. In the phone get the following message: Enter the Pin unlock network sim card. I need an urgent solution to this problem, otherwise you would be selling a fake product and that is punishable by law.

I bought it a week ago. I've never had a cell this fast. Auto dial is a great feature. Tons of memory and proccessing power. Headphones show good bass and high frequencies. Even the front camera has nice quality. I'm still discovering it, but I think this beast is very promising.

the product was on time, and it was what i expected. I recommend it a 100%. the size is perfect.

So I've had this phone for about 4 months now. It is the first smart phone I have had, I haven't even figured out how to do the touch sharing thing that they advertise the phone with. It's a pretty awesome phone but it does have some problemsFirst off, the screen freezes. It doesn't happen very often, maybe once a month since I've owned it. I don't know if that is something that happens with all smart phones, but apparently, it needs to be restarted every once in awhile. It doesn't seem to make a difference if I have the phone off for a few hours every day, since I turn it off while I'm at work or in class. I've talked to other s3 owners and the same thing happens to them as well.I don't know if this is the phone or the provider (T-Mobile) but sometimes my phone won't receive service. This happens more often than the screen freezing, restarting the device seems to fix this problem as well-which leads me to believe that it's more the phone than the provider. This one annoys me more than the screen freezing because I've missed several important calls due to this problem. Technology is making it possible to do all kinds of amazing things, but we shouldn't be moving backwards. A phone should still have the ability to make and receive phone calls.They break REALLY easy. Mine hasn't broken but I have a cover and screen protector on it. I have two friends with s3s that they were using without covers and both of them have cracked the screen. One of them cracked while it was in my friend's pocket. He doesn't know how it happened. So if you're going to buy this phone, I strongly recommend a cover and screen protector.Overall, I like the phone and what it is capable of doing but with that kind of drawbacks, I think I'd rather go back to having a simple phone.

The phone sucked the batter was swollen after three weeks and no replacement can be found since it is not a standard standard phone battery.

I traveled to another country and the phone is locked.  How I unlock the phone?  The charger is for European connector too.

the phone is the most complete of the SG3, this model is the quadcore and worth paying for, thank you very much for the excellent service!

I was very lucky to get one of them. After 7 months of use, my S3 started to reset itself or hang. I am really disappointed.

The samsung galaxy s 3 looks awesome it is lighter than expected but fun to use. It has too many apps which i dont understand why we need them all also the boring part is tht u need id for every app .....

I bought a Samsung galaxy S3 I9300 unlocked, but what I got, after they had to resend the package using fedex because apparently usps "lost it" on its way, was a galaxy S3 SGH-i747 on an I9300's box, without manuals nor headphones, just the phone, which came with the home button loose and kind of as if it's always pressed, and (at least) the charger.

I have had many many other smart phones but this is so smooth and awesome phone yet. I am not a iphone user and never will. I have downloaded over 34 apps from the google play store and for free. I have downloaded over 15 apps/games for my son to play on and for free.  Don't know why anyone would buy anything else. Also, I downloaded the AVG antivirus app and WOW, it updates and scans everyday. Only once my son did something and it was stuck but very easy, I went to task manager and click to cancel that app and it was fixed. That easy. THE BEST PHONE EVER. Thanks Samsung. Please keep up the good work.

I bought a ORIGINAL  samsung  SIII and  you sent me the Samsung SIII Chinese version so I need the return of my money!The ORIGINAL samsung SIII is made in Corea not in China.

Item exactly as described by the seller. Perfect size and light-weight phone. It works just fine so far though no warranty. I liked it and I hope it continues to work for long.

you must buy it! go go go now! you will be very glad with this smartphone all the app works really good

if you arnt a fanboy of apple and actually know much about anything about phones the samsung galaxy s 3 is for you, blazing freaking fast, beautiful screen, great camera, incredible internal specs like 2 gigs of ram and a dual core snapdragon processor running at 1.5 ghz a awesome battery life and all the great features it comes with who wouldnt want this phone.

Delivery was lightning quick. The phone is beautiful, feels great In my hand and fun to use.Bought this phone to use with Straight Talk so far no problems.I have the Samsung Galaxy Tablet 10 so was already familiar with the icons etc.I know this phone does so much more than  I have been able to figure out.I hate predictive words takes me longer to write because I have to go back and delete. Uggh

I believe that this is a great phone. Good screen, awesome in size and totally customizable. Very happy with it.A review in Amazon isn't good enough for just buying this. I can recommend gsm arena for a much better review and detailed.

I got my phone for Christmas which wss good but I got 1747 and I order a 19300 but the phone works good.

It's a nice device - lots of great features, but it does not print to any printer except Samsung printers.

Excellent product, I like this phone, only one observation is that the phone is a little slow processor. Thank you

defective device

I've owned the phone for over a year.  Warranty on the phone is for one year; it has both hardware and software issues.  Sprint is my carrier and they have updates to make the phone (apparently) run better.  The updates make my system go into a loop, so the phone automatically shuts down.When I asked sprint to fix the bug, the did a factory re-set and to remove any updates.  This fixed the issue of having it not shut down anymore.  But now the phone won't start!  And it has become a hardware problem.I contacted Samsung (worst customer service experience) and they said to send the phone in to get it fixed ($70).  Many reviewers have stated that their fixes don't work.Very disappointed for a phone which is worth over $600.

the phone is damaged, have problems with the software, does not work, can not be used since it performs the functions of the phone, the phone is hung, suspended, frozen screen.

&#34;Unfortunately, I bought a Samsung Galaxy S III as a new product, but it is not new, it is &#34;refurbished&#34; because the internal card belongs too another Samsung Model (SGH - I747). Besides this, it is not International Unlocked Version either because the box says: &#34;Only for UK Country&#34; and it just works with AT&T telephony. I will really appreciate a solution from the seller about this situation.

The phone is very good. Fast, and everything worked as advertised.The only problem is it only worked for 4 months.Went dead for no apparent reason, and there is no procedure do bring it back (doesn't even go into download mode).Neither Samsung Brazil nor USA will honor the warranty, so I am left with an expensive paper weight.Think twice before shelling that much money into a phone with no warranty.

I bought 3 of this Smartphone, for my family.2 of them are excellent one of them stop working after 1 month of use.Thanks to the Amazon costumer service I got my money back, after I sent it back.I rated it only 4 srars becust of this.

do i get the phone only or do i get the full box with the battery and everything else? Plus does the samsung vversion of siri really suck?

I love the molding of this phone externally as well as the improvements on features as far as texting, and video.  For everything I use this phone with I am greatly pleased.  I am curious what "major" improvements are left on phone technology but am looking forward to future Samsung items due to how happy I am with this unit.

A great smart phone! It does every thing what was expeted. I my oppinion no need spent extra money for a S4 model.

very bad and slow the lg optimus t is a lot better and cheaper. one drop on carpet and screen cracks

Saturday I received my phone that was purchased on 23/12/13 which said it was unlocked international version, I have not even been able to use my phone with a wireless network operator in Venezuela. I would like to help in this regard.

This is a very fast cellphone, works perfectly and has an amazing camera. totally recomended!!!! Great HD Screen. BUY IT!

I like this phone so much that i bought another and sent it to my father overseas.... I like the quality of camera in it and the size of screen.

The unit supplied FAST!!! It works well!!!RECOMMENDED!!!Thw sheeping was bazing, the unit came in a sealed box. It works perfect in Israel.I LIKE IT.

too slow! Not what u would expect from Samsung! My 3rd Galaxy, loved the others, but this one is defective and my money is wasted! Bummer

el telefono llego en excelentes condiciones y em el tiempo esperado... muy buen servicio............ ... ... .. .. .. ..

I am not objective about technology because I used an old cellphone but I can say that is was unlocked and it is functioning good in Colombia with 3G.

I was on my third iPhone when it was stolen and needed to find a replacement. I was sickto death of the restrictive iOS and iTunes, so after demo'ing this S3 it was a no brainer.At first I found Google Ice Cream Sandwich a little frustrating, but I was complicating a verysimple straightforward operating system. Once I stopped thinking so much I found it veryintuitive. And its a joy to be able to connect your phone to your laptop and have Windowsread it just like any other hard drive while its charging. My only complaint about the OS areall the apps that start automatically and are eating resources in the background, they haveto be turned off manually, there is no free app that will accommodate an auto-lock of theseapps unfortunately. But with 2G of memory you can live with it.The screen is astonishingly crisp at 720p, and the color balance is perfect. Its well suitedfor playing games or watching movies in your down time, and there is zero lag. The Zeitlupemedia player app makes this a real treat when watching your favorite entertainment.The resident TouchWiz launcher is terrific, its easy to learn and use, and is very smooth whenopening folders and apps. However, you may want to experiment with other launchers like Apex,Go, and Nova Prime which is the one I finally landed on and its fantastic and ultra customizable.I spent over 20 years in the electronics design and manufacturing business, and this is my favoritetoy of all time. I never thought I would see so much technology integrated into such a small andreliable device. And if you're wondering if a 64G Micro SD card will work with this phone...it does,and the two SD cards I used were plug and play, and neither was a Samsung branded card.And with any of these new smartphones, most of the complaints are about battery time. The display isa real power hog so as with an S3/S4 the back case pops right off and the battery interchange takesabout 15 seconds, a big plus. So, it pays to have a couple of extra batteries with a fresh chargehandy, I recommend this set from Caseology.Caseology 2 X 2100 mAh Li-ion Replacement Battery for Samsung Galaxy S3 with Travel Wall Charger with USB Port (Non-NFC) [18-Month Warranty]In summary, I think this is the best phone on the market, and even though Samsung is busy obsoletingthe S3 with the introduction of larger and higher performing phones, I plan to keep this bad boy forat least 2 more years. Its awesome!

I was so excited when I received my Samsung Galaxy S3, I had been waiting patiently for it to come out. Having had a previous Samsung phone I had really high expectations for the new phone. Now if you are just a below average user I can see this phone being a great one, but if you like apps (like me) then it's a really bad choice.The moment I received it I started setting it up, all excited. But, it wasn't long before I realized that you are unable to move any apps over to your SD card. When I contacted Samsung about the issue, the "customer service" agent said that it's not a Samsung problem but the app makers are at fault and that all the apps are not made compatible with the Galaxy S3 because they were created before the S3's release.Which is a load of bull !I have had Motorola's, Iphone's, LG's, Nokia's, and previous Samsung phones and have never had issues with moving apps to the SD cards. Plus, three of the apps that were movable that I was trying to put on the SD card only came out a few days ago. LIARS ... that it is an issue with the apps and not their phone!The agent then went on to try to pacify me by saying he is a consumer too, and owns a S3 and he doesn't see an issue with Samsung not notifying the public that their phone is not up to par. If I had been told or read something from Samsung, when looking for a new phone, and found out that I was going to be unable to move any apps to the new 32GB SD card I just purchased, then I would have purchased a different phone.Another issue I encountered with my S3, is that my phone is supposed to be 16GB internal memory, but it's not ... it's only 12GB. Already hurting for space, I really needed those 4GB's. So with two movies and apps for work, school, weather, and personal enjoyment it's pretty much completely full. At least I can move my music and pictures over, but it's not that much help. In my head I keep hearing this repeating sentence, "What a waste of time and money !"When I requested a refund or even just a different phone as a replacement the agent told me that Samsung is unable to do so, and that I'm s*** out of luck. In their minds they don't see anything that they have done as wrong and believe their phone to be perfect ! In my mind if you don't inform someone of a flaw and don't do anything on your end when they do discover that flaw ... then you have purposely deceived, committed fraud, and lied to that individual(s).Now if you just need a basic phone and don't have a lot of apps then this phone I'm sure would be a perfect fit for you. But, if you are like me and love your apps, movies, and other items then you either need to purchase the 32GB internal memory Galaxy S3 phone or move on to something else.Best of Luck to all you App lovers !

I bought this item for my mother who is now in late 50s. She wanted a smartphone so I got her something that had a good review with reasonable price and big screen size for her bad sight. As I was using it, it was very complicated since access to the setting was not so friendly. For Android, you do not have access to most of the applications through device's setting, but you have to go to its own setting to control it. Also, for this device, you have to touch-and-drag to open the phone. To parents like mine have little knowledge or sense for that. It took her 3 days to figure out. Now she thinks you have to touch-and-drag all the applications to open it. She will take a long time to get used to this phone.Maybe this phone is for more young, new generation who know how to use touch screen properly. Do not recommend it for parents if you are merely getting it for the size of its screen. Yes, for me, i think it's pretty decent device to use where you can do so many things.

Well this was was definitely a great buy. Works great, completely unlocked.  Mine was originally in French but I quickly changed it to English using the menu options. Was even able to rot it in under 3 minutes. The phone itself has rather short battery life but that's a Samsung issue.  It comes just as advertised in immaculate condition.  Great phone and I'm enjoying it immensely.

Tel&eacute;fono recibido en buen estado tal cual lo detallan en la descripci&oacute;n del mismo. Excelente c&aacute;mara, ligero y s&uacute;per c&oacute;modo. Solo un detalle, el adaptador del cargador no funciono de resto todo bien. Recomendados entregaron a tiempo en Miami y sin ning&uacute;n contratiempo. Funciona perfectamente con Movistar - Venezuela. Levanta 3G sin problema alguno.

This is not a review but a question for those who have the phone: How do you back it up, so you don't lose data if something goes wrong? I am looking to replace my ancient Treo 650 smartphone; it syncs with a program (Palm Desktop) on my computer. Recently the phone crashed and I had to do a complete reset, which destroyed all data and settings on the phone. I synced with the PC and everything was restored. Can you do that with the Galaxy S3? If so, how? One more question: Is this phone not-branded; i.e., no carrier logo?

I dropped mine from hip height ONTO CARPET in an otterbox and the screen cracked terribly. If you plan on using it I suggest wrapping it in pillows.

I bought this phone from Wire4less since it had good reviews:Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue)Phone was delivered on time and it is great but is not prepared to resist a simple fall when you fail to put it in your pocket.I got it on Tuesday and 2 days after i dropped it when putting it back in my pocket. A 3 feet fall (tops) was enough to get the plastic that covers the lens of the main camera (rear) completely smashed making the camera useless given the lens sees through a smashed plastic now. I can't believe a U$S 700 phone can take a simple fall so I want to think my unit is faulty and not built properly. I was obviously looking for a case for this phone but couldn't find one in any store so far. I just saw the flip case now in amazon but is too late.I contacted the seller to get an answer on this and they don't want to replace it or refund me given Samsung is not going to cover it. Given it is an international version, Samsung US is not doing a thing and just tell me to contact Amazon customer service or go to a carrier store and ask there.I looked for rear camera replacement online and i could only find it in ebay UK for about U$K 40.If you ask me, this is a great phone, great camera, screen and features but it is just inacceptable to have such a fragile thing. Please take this into account before you decide to buy it and, of course, get a case with it from the very beginning.I HOPE WIRE4LESS, AMAZON OR SAMSUNG DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS.

i love it

very good phone but they take time for shipping and they sent me a european charger.But i am in love with this phone really worth it ..

If you are considering purchasing this phone do it! I have gone through more phones since my sophomore of high school, when I got my first "smart phone", than many people go through and some of their lifetime. That being said I've had all kinds of phones. I started with my iPhone 3G, that phone was like my baby, which is until it fell a measly two feet and shattered. After that I moved onto an HTC. I'm sure you can guess that one broke too. I know have the Samsung Galaxy S3. I believe that this phones is one of the best phones I have ever personally owned and operated, ever. I have found that the software my phone uses is easy to navigate and is pretty much dummy proofSince having this phone I have definitely formed a Samsung product biased opinion. The operating system that runs my phone is easy to use, fun to use, and gives many interesting and cool options for my phone. One of my favorite features on this device currently is the new split screen feature that the phone got with the newest software upgrade. It allows me to use two apps at once. I can be waiting for an important email on one half of my screen and on the other half I can be texting or surfing my twitter feed. Next thing about this feature I enjoy is being able to listen to songs on YouTube while texting people, tweeting, or going on Facebook. I can do any of the two features offered at one time. This comes in handy when I am waiting for an important email or message and still want to be surfing through my social media.Another feature on this phone that comes in handy is that it is compatible to SD cards. This comes in handy in the situation that if my phone ever decides to give out and shut down I can have everything backed up into a SD card to have all my photos and other personal items from my phone stored to something. Many iPhone users will clamed "I have iCloud" or "My photos are backed up into my computer" but there is always that underlying issue of your computer failing you or your iCloud not being one hundred percent. With the SD card compatibility and you can simply upload them anywhere you please with the SD card. Another aspect that that iPhone users tend to argue is "well I have siri" or "my phone is better because it talks to me", well think again, this phone talks to you! Double click your center button and say "Hi Galaxy" and she will wake right up to answer all your questions, desires, wants, and needs. Don't be fooled by the iPhone illusion. There is much better things out there, like the galaxy S3Next the camera, front and back, are great! The camera, front and back, are high definition and very useful. . The front screen camera comes in handy for apps like Snapchat and Instagram. It also is very helpful in easing the necessity of the infamous selfie. The back camera comes with a super bright flash and it also takes awesome pictures. The phone itself comes with some cool filters installed into the phone and it has a phenomenal zoom! The bright flash also comes in handy very much if you ever get trapped in the woods for some weird reason or if you can't seem to find something in the dark.Another cool thing about this phone is that the battery has a fairly moderate battery life. I find that I can have a full battery in the morning and still have battery left at the end of the day. Also the screen is very large. What is good is that it isn't so large that it is like carrying around an iPad but it's big enough to have with you every day. You can also find some really cute cases for this phone on amazon for cheap. Also for all those people that think this phone is just the new fad for the new generation and there technology, you are wrong! This phone is very user friendly and high speed for a smart phone.  This phone comes with a fantastic internal and external speaker. This comes in handy if you do in fact have impaired hearing or if you just like to hear everything very loudly. Overall I give this phone five stars! It's easy to operate and handy to have. If you're having second thoughts, think no more. The choice is clear buy this phone to keep you busy for the next two years. All you have to do is say, "Hi Galaxy".

excellent, on time, product the pone Works well, everything ok,im very satisfied with tis purchase, highly recommended for all those who want a high level cell phone

I like that phone. I used for 8 month of purchase for $450 and lost it. I lost that phone unfortunately last January in metro. Someone do like it again and doesn't want to return it to me after found it. But its ok because life goes on. I do still want that phone back cause first I love it and second it was for me a huge cash investment without contract.In con I will said that the phone starting have some earing trouble after 3 months of use. Also the battery after 4 months of purchase doesn't last at all and early before I lost it I cannot have conversation without put my phone on loudspeaker. The micro do have problem like the battery. I hope that my new user will fix that problem and pray for me to have money to buy another one

This is probably the worst phone I have ever owned. It's a combination of the unintuitive android and the horrible battery. It's really not worth it unless you don't need to use the phone after 5pm. That's when it will die on you. Even though you've only used it for a few phone calls and a few text messages. Very poor power management. The os is not very smart, basic options are hidden underneath multiple levels of menus. And good luck doing anything fast on it.. Bottom line its a piece of crap. I hate to say it but stick with iOS or windows. It'll make your life easier.

the phone was in great condition but part of the package was that it would come with the charger but it didnt it came with the old ipod charger instead!

3 days after i bought the phone it felt down and the screen was broken right away, other than that Samsung Galaxy has always been my favorite

Great Phone!!!! Best Galaxy ever, best phone in the market! I was between this and the I5, I decided for the S3 because of the Screen and the SO. I love my phone

I am very upset with this. This cellphone did not come with a battery or headphones. What is a cellphone without battery, and they haven't solved anything. What am I going to do with a cellphone with no battery?

The phone works fine and you basicly dont need a laptop or cpu no more because the galaxy does it all..its fast and the picture taking is great..its way better then the iphone 4 or 5 ...if you was thinking about a iphone vs a galaxy pick the galaxy and this is from a former iphone 4 user..all you doing with apple is buying a name brand and with the galaxy it offers tons of options and things to do...

This phone was delivered on time by the supplier, so I could use it overseas. Once I was overseas, the phone was easy to set up as it came already unlocked. I used it all the time and always performed as advertised, no problems whatsoever. I will highly recommend this phone, which I think it is better than the I-Phone.

I ordered a galaxy s3 i9300 and got a refurbished i747 without manuals or the original box, i bought it from asavinings by the way.

First of all, I bought from Wireless Everything. I was very pleased with them, it came sealed and great customer service as well.Well, I used have the HTC EVO 3D from Sprint. Which it was my first smartphone. I simply hated my EVO 3D, dropping calls... Keep rebooting all the time, and not built in great materials.So, I canceled my plan with SPRINT (terrible signal in San Diego), and I decide that I needed to have a great phone for the next couple years.Samsung Galaxy S3 seemed the right choice. I have to tell to you I have no regret about buying these handset for $699... Good point is unlocked... So you are free.The S3 is fast with Exynos 4212 Quad (CPU Quad-core 1.4 GHz Cortex-A9) plus the great camera... Also, the GT-I9300 doesn't have bloatware from the carriers, which you can't uninstall but only if you root.I have T-MOBILE now, valued plan. And I know I am getting EDGE 2G, which I was thinking if was a good call. SO contact the T-mobile customer Service. and I got really good news!!!"T-Mobile's Network Modernization. New equipment will be installed in 400 GSM/HSPA+ sites by the end of June that will enable HSPA+ in the 1900 MHz band. Over 2,500 sites will have the new equipment installed by end of July. " From T-mobile specialist. Which means you be getting 4G on the Gt-I9300 very soon!! You don't need to ripped off by At&T;!The reason that T-mobile are doing this only now, because At&T; failed to buy T-mobile not being approved by the government. T-mobile wouldn't spend a penny... at that time they were going to use the At&t; system.So, now T-mobile doesn't want to stay behind by the rivals. Which is great. Which means T-Mobile will announce the IPHONE as well working on 1900 mhz band.I am sure that S3 will be working amazingly fast very on T-mobile.Great phone! Great to keep for a lot of years for sure!

The major issue is that the battery does not last long enough. Just got the phone about a month ago and the battery barely lasts for a full day even with turning off most of the applications.

I bought this unlocked Galaxy S3 international version to use it in Colombia. My concern is that I have not been able to upgrade icecream sandwich to jelly bean. I don't know what is going wrong because I download the updates and it ask me to restart the phone and everything goes ok until adroid displays a red triangle error then it says your phone is up to date but when I go and check out it stills in 4.0.4. Some one told me that I have to do this procedure while in the USA with the carriers sim card inside, but I'm not sure if that is true because this phone is not related to any USA carrier or at least it does'nt say so when I bought it. I also tried mac kies and pc kies and non of them worked. If someone had the same problem please give me and advice. Other than that the phone works great.July 6/14I need to sell this s3 and now I relaize it comes only with few languages, some hebrew arabic and english when it should give you many many option in the little reaserch I did. As a matter of fact I could not find the answer to add spanish to it because I't is not suppose to happen. All the tuturial videos I watch have so many languages from the languages menu but not this product. Think twice if you will need another language latter on.

I just dont like the fact that it had German configuration, European electric adaptor and I bought it in USA

To put it in one sentence - after demoing to a person they smile and ask - can I hold it for a minute.  What I like.  Into a meeting put it on the table upside down and it is silent.  Pick it up - put into pocket and sound is on a again.  Camera and its features are beautifull.  Take repeat shots at something like 5 shots per second.  Switch from still to movie with one touch.  The touch screen is the best I've seen.  The GPS has less feature but has a beautifull veiw and it is quick.  Also finds places by just town name.  Very freindly.  Don't like. - the sound button is oposite the on off button so too easy to down the sound by accident.It is expensive but worth every penny.Rob South Africa

Well the phone is what I expected. There were a few dents but that's fine. This is a ripoff compared to the Moto G.

I won't waste a lot of words here since it's last year's tech, but it's a nice phone. Whatever Android phone you buy, make sure it's unlocked, but probably the Nexus is better value for your money. That's what I'll get when this one is dead.

My phone it's absolutly blocked, i can't used in my country. The phone ask for a pin code that i dont have and then does'nt take my ohone sim card.

There's a reason why the Galaxy SIII is one of the best phones in the world. I love mine! Having loads of storage helps for piling on the useful apps. I couldn't be happier with my purchase!

I have to say this phone is the perfect mix between fashion and power, it's just an Awesome Phone!!!Samsung Congratulations

excellent phone, a little big but it fits the reality of modern-day phones. the best competition in the market and one of the best brands

The GIII was interesting to explore, but ultimately was of little practical use given its quirks and Android bugs! So I returned it and got an iPhone 5 from the same IP. JACKPOT! This is the phone the GIII should have been.

Perfect, White, 32gb internal, and the most importan totally unlocked. I just opened, connect my micro chip and begun to udes it! Delivery time was amazing (less than I expected); I received all accesories and I registred the phone in Samsung web so it is original!!

It emits a &#34;ding&#34; sound every time an e-mail is received, DESPITE my having set sound notifications to &#34;Silent&#34;, I just don't how to stop this thing making this annoying noise!!  Otherwise, it seems like a perfectly adequate phone - I still prefer to do web surfing on a computer of some kind. The camera is OK. Sorry I don't get excited about technology any more, all these devices turn out to be more of a nuisance than a help.

Muy contenta con el envio a tiempo y el producto llego en muy buen estado y a tiempo. El telefono cumple con mis espectativas.

Good product, nice price , works great  & arrived on time. thanks, just the plugin is for Europe but the sent me the adapter for it.

The phone is not unlocked, which I could not use it. When you send a message to the seller who replied me, I'm still waiting for the key to unlock. Not recommend since I was buying a phone unlocked and it is not.

Received the item on time as promised on the 8th of Feb. however due to personal tragedy in my family, i have still to connect and operate the smartphone Samsung Galaxy S III/S3. I'll comment and review at a later date...BTW, I DIDN'T RECEIVE THREE OF THE OTHER ITEMS I ORDERED.

I already had a Samsung Galaxy SIII GT-I9300, bought in Brazil, which I was quite satisfied with. However, the mini-USB connector, needed for charging it, developed a bad connection and I wasn't able to get it fixed. I carried on using it, using an external battery charger, which meant opening the back and switching the batteries, putting one to charge while using another one. I bought this one on Amazon, expecting it to be the same as the one I already had, however I found that there were several software problems, such as non-operational widgets, limited language support (it only came with keyboard support for English and Chinese), which did not include Brazilian Portuguese, and now it quite often makes it difficult to make a simple call.I have the feeling that I bought a quality reject. Beware of buying this phone from this dealer.

This is a great device.  Nice with powerful applications..  Bye bye I-phone.....................Welcome Galaxy S III.....  Android  is the Best

Strongly recommend this phone to anyone looking for a new, cutting-edge device. Its systems and apps work very well, the device is light (especially considering its size) and resistant, in spite of its frail, cheap appearence. Samsung should definitely have invested a bit more for the casing. The battery life is a plus.

Like the title says, the phone doesn't work well internationally. It takes forever to send a message, a lot of failed SMS sends. I will not buy a Samsung phone again.

Great product, light, beautiful, and a Very powerfull machine! It's a Very good deal, due the price and quality. I recomend.

Good phone goooooooooooooood v g v g v g v g v g vg vg phone so nice  c c c c c c

I bought this phone as an upgrade from my Samsung Galaxy Note phone. I had it since July 2012 and a few months ago I started to see on my top right hand corner of teh screen a purple hue. I havent dropped the phone. It's been expanding slowly to the rest of the screen. The screen works and I am able to use my phone but I wished there was better quality. Samsung phones are great, would change them but I feel thet could be made with better quality materials. I would recomend the phone but be careful with it, its extremely delicate.

Before I ordered the SGS3 I owned a SGS2 what is really great.But the SGS3 seems to beat the band. It is much better as expected. More comfortable, bigger and clearer screenand...just smarter. It's too much of paean to tribute to this phone, I would burst this place here.You can't make anything wrong buying this phone. But the price...will come down with time.And watch for your warranty! I have got NO certificate for a guaranty! (I hope, I never need)

Good very good.. amazin phone.. is the best of the world.. I am very happy with him.. good good good

It takes great pictures and great videos.  Beautiful big screen.  Easy to download games.  It is easy to hold and use.  It was unlocked.  I used a U.S mini sim card while there and in Central America a movistar sim card and I have had no problems.  I cannot find any problems with this phone.  I highly recommend it.

I spent some time looking. I have to have an unlocked phone and since the quad version was only available in the international version, i gave it a try. It has definitely met my expectations and more. Fast versatile and good looking. I had to get use to the size but that didn't take long. The only downside is the price. Overall, I am very satisfied.

I buy a GSM phone unlocked and sent me one CDMA. I can not use it in my country. and yet I had no response for the solution of the problem. I will continue waiting before the respective legal procedures. I would not recommend you buy from this store. due to their failure in their operations.

Waiting patiently for Amazon's price on the S4 to become more affordable so I can upgrade. My judgement was made from a comparison with an iPhone 4 which I also own.Mico P. - Trinidad and Tobago

I like this better than the earlier iPhone 4s we have. It does consume power, but if turn off wifi and bluetooth, when I dont need it, it lasts for more time. I love the all the device integration features to connect to other blue tooth or wifi enabled devices. Although the connection to my car's bluetooth keep failing every now and then and I have to keep removing and adding the phone back to make it work. I wonder a software update will fix it. Pictures and movies look good. ALthough I will still stick to my DSLR for serious pictures. The integration to gmail, gtasks makes my life more organized.All in all, I am enjoying this phone !

I brought the Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone from esaving which has a high rate. i trust the rating in amazon and brought a new Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone from esaving. however it send me a phone that is used, broken and can start and shup down by itself. I even need to pay 5 dollar to send the back to the seller. The experience is awful!!!! Dont buy it from esaving which even does not have explanation for me. It ruined my day!!!!! Soooooo disapointted!!

I got  this phone 4 months ago and eventually fell in love with it. It stopped without a warning....Such a waste of money.

Actually decent enough phone in many regards, but I expected it to do duty as a music player, and it sucks as a music player.  It keeps on playing the first second or so of the song then skipping the rest and announcing that it does not support that file format.  Which is absurd because it already played the beginning, i.e., it supports the format.

Got this thing from Hassle free cell. It arrived on time. Its a class apart piece of engineering. Everything is excellent only the battery life is a problem but thats the case with most of the cellphones. The only problem I had was that I got the instruction guide with the product in French. Apart from that its awesome.

So far, I love this phone. I upgraded from the Galaxy SII I9100 and am thankful that I did so. I love the larger screen and added features. Do not regret this purchase at all.

the galaxy s 3 phone that I received was not working, does not take a charge and the screen was cracked. that is to much money to spend on a defective product like that one.

I absolutly love this phone, i probably will never go back to an iphone again. Every angle about this phone is better to me other than the sexy look of the iphone with its glass and metal like finish

This is a nice phone and works perfectly. Most of the cell phone carriers do not know how to setup an unlocked phone and insist you must purchase one of their phones. We were able to find a carrier that provided us with a sim card and the phone is working perfectly. Good price, delivered on time, and works great.

This phone is not working properly. It is loosing signal and when I call people they can hear themselves echoing back to them. I would like to return this phone.

It is dream coming true, there is nothing wrong about this phone. It is state of art. I will forever buy only samsung phones.

Have had the phone for 2 weeks now and really like it.  Very nice clear screen.  Size is bigger than what I was used to but still fits into my pocket fine.  Phone must have originally been headed to France or Eastern Canada because all the instructions were in French and the charger was as advertised and Internationl (european) type.  USB cable still works fine with other USB plug-ins we have.

When i got it installed a few games the next day the screen goes bazzar it has pink colors and lines like it has been hacked

Loving it. The battery life is acceptable (1-2 days with moderate use). The cover easily get scratched and the camera flashlight is very slow. Aside from those minor issues, it's a perfect phone.

I had zero problems with my transaction with seller. My phone arrived exactly when I was told it would and in perfect condition!It is EXACTLY what I ordered, and I couldn't be happier! The Galaxy S3 is an amazing phone, with fantastic battery life. I practically live with my phone attached to me for e-mails, texts, Tango and Skype video chatting, Facebooking, and so much more. I can run my phone ALL day long, from the time I get out of bed til I got to sleep and it still has battery life. I couldn't ask for more than that.My only complaint about this phone is with picture taking... my old phone had a button on the side that made it easy to hold and click for pictures. With the S3, you have to click in the lower middle phone screen to take a pic, and it's awkward to hold and click if you are taking a front facing picture. I am sure there is a work-around for this ONE minor issue, and I just haven't found it yet.Other than that... LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my phone. I've had it for a couple weeks now and wonder how I ever managed without it before. :)

He was in doubt about which phone to buy. My choice was between the IPhone and the Galaxy SIII. I am fully satisfied with the product, it exceeded my expectations. Excellent device, offered me much more than I expected.

I switched from iPhone to this phone, and i love it! It has way more features than even the new iPhones and the bigger screen is also very nice. It was easy to set up with a T-Mobile SIM that i bought at Wal-Mart. This phone was so much cheaper than anywhere else (Best buy, Radio Shack ECT...) I was originally reluctant to buy it because i thought it would be a fake. But this phone most definitely not a fake. But this phone does not support 4G LTE like the i9305's they sell at stores, but i don't even have LTE in my area so for 200 dollars less it wasn't a big trade off. It's an awesome phone for a great price and i would definitely recommend it to a friend.

When the phone first came it looked as if it had been opened and new stickers had been applied but i need a new phone so i threw caution to the wind and opened it it worked fien at first but the battery life is terrible on this phone i assume they used cheap replacement batterys AWFUL battery life only 4 hours after full charge with normal use. AWFUL phone very disapointed

i love this phone the only thing that i hate its that i didnt know about the differences on RAM between the international version and companies version

I bought this cellphone couple of months ago. It is  pretty user- friendly and convenient , but there is some small problems like having issue to insert a language for using in keyboard ( i have to reinsert the second language 2-3 times a week)

I got the S3 for business calls, separate from my old S2 (personal use) which I've had for the past year without any problems and singing its (the S2) praises in the interim.  The S3 is 'touchy', meaning, I had to handle it far more delicately than the reliable S2.  Often the main screen would lock up requiring a re-boot which got to be annoying.  I failed to see much difference in speed in various movements either.  The equally annoying pop-up advisories on the S3 telling of what I could do with tilting the phone and other procedures was not something I was wanting so they kept coming in spite of my telling them ENOUGH!Making a long boring story more palatable, I returned the S3 within a couple of days and have decided to get another S2 for business calls.ADDITIONAL THOUGHTS:  I do want to be fair.  In thinking about it, the S3 has some features I failed to explore like the view-video while checking emails & other activities.  That may be important to many users but not me.  Also, the transferring of data by keying in the S feature to transfer data while simply backing the phone to another S3 unit.  Again, I don't know anyone else having an S3 so that was not used either.  I wonder how many others have that issue?  Maybe many, maybe few?Also, the S3 eliminated two electronic movement keys:  The S3 replaces the electronic up arrow to go to the home screen with a button to push.  All well and good but I found the button on the S3 unreliable on the first push, reguiring two or three pushes to get back and then finding multiple screens to deal with about half the time to sort out and get the outcome desired.  I like the electronic S2 up arrow which works every time.  Also, NO search electronic (microscope glass icon) on the S3, unlike on the S2.  No big deal except you have to sacrifice a space on your home screen for the S3.I think the S3 has many advantages over the S2 in terms of its internal software ICS or JB over GB but as a user?  I will readily admit to not being skilled enough to know the difference or able to test the added expertise to the point of seeing a meaningful difference.  So, if that's you, then go with the S2 and be happy.  If it's not?  Leave the old folk in the weeds and go boldy forward with the new technolgy and enjoy.  I'm out.

I had the iPhone 4, which I unfortunately lost. I thought I'd hold out getting a new one due to the rumors that an iPhone 5 would be coming out. When the time came, I found myself so unsure of whether to go for the new version or try something new, like the S3.  I have to say that I love this phone! It does so many great things, the screen is beautiful.. I'm obsessed with the maps and navigation feature. It blows my GPS out of the water!

Great product. Arrived promptly!

It's sluggish. maybe cos I have 5K contacts. but damn sluggish. the brightness is too much most of the time.otherwise great.

I love my this marvel! Is like having a powerfull machine in your pocket.The best cellphone out there right now (except for the S4), without doubts !

This phone works well when it is in a good network or WI-FI location. Cell coverage here is bad, though. The battery drains extremely quickly. I would rate it lower because of the battery but I just found out an extended battery is available. Most similar devices don't have the option.

I meant to keep the phone, but the buyer did not fulfilled his obligation by sending the order in time. So i end up got fed up and retuirned it immediately i received it.

This is a product designed for everyday use and with a high quality hardware you will be able to run all kinds of apps out there.

excellent treatment and responsible negotiation, are recommended to buy, thanks for the sale, I hope soon to have to buy back their products

This cell phone works perfectly and is unlocked and international version, in perfect conditions and do not have problem in this package

Bought this phone as a gift for my wife and boy did I hit the spot!  She loves it!!  After my initial dislike (she paid that phone more attention in the first 48 hours than she paid to me), i started to see how practical the phone was for her!!  Great Buy

This Samsung Galaxy S3 on the Verizon Network was my 3rd smartphone I've used and I chose this over 2 other competitors phones and I regret it. On the surface, professional reviews and many personal reviews don't cover this phones shortfalls. I'm sure you can read all the gush and glory elsewhere so I'll just get to my issues with the GS3 that I've used for 6 months now.1. Erratic notification sounds. You think all is normal but oops, you got a message and did not get a sound notification. Happens all the time with this phone. I use the one, basic, general notification tone for all my notifications, nothing complicated but you just can't trust that you'll get that sound every time.2. DTMF tones are a joke. Ever have to do phone banking or place an order, maybe call customer service and push buttons to answer questions before you talk to a person? This is also hit or miss with the GS3. I even called samsung customer service once for another product and their own IVR would not recognize the  poor quality tones produced by this phone. Wondering what was going on one day, I called my home phone from the GS3 and typed in a few numbers and there it was, the sound quality of the tones are very poor - like a worn out cassette tape recording from the 70s, really. Talk about a massive failure of such a basic phone function is really just not excusable.3. Lock screen behavior. I use the pattern lock screen for some basic security but what a hassle. Get a call, the screen locks, go to hang up, the screen locks, go to hit a button for input, the screen locks, I mean, don't you think if there is ANYTHING going on with a call that the lock screen would be, like, disabled? Noooooooo, it's gonna pop up when you least expect it to really make your life miserable. Now I'm using the Samsung lock screen and have checked and adjusted all the possible settings to keep this behavior from happening but it still does.4. Automatic Network switching. may sound complicated but it's a basic smartphone function to minimize data charges, the phone will use wireless networks within range for data transfer. Problem is, this phone won't let go of a poor wireless data connection in favor of a 3G or 4G connection. Samsung keeps saying they're gonna fix it but it's been about a year now and it's still an issue that slows or stops data transfer and literally leaves you hanging.5. Kies and car mode. I read reviews how great these are but in reality, they just don't work or require more work than the benefit. Kies is Samsung file transfer. It's not intuitive and complicated to set up. Car mode worked once where it read a text message after I tinkered with it (while driving), Thank Samsung for making driving safer! Just turning it on/off doesn't do it.6. Samsung Techtiles, These are little Near Field Communication stickers (that you can actually purchase anywhere for a much lower price) that manipulate many settings on the phone. yeah, in theory it's a nice idea but in practice, half the time it doesn't read the tile, sometimes it miss-reads a tile. A prime example of technology that just doesn't work properly. While we're on the NFC topic, the commercial showing that you can "bump" two phones together and transfer data is outright misleading. In short, that bump is at least 2 seconds and then it can take upward of a minute or more to get the file transferred.7. Battery life. Yeah, I'm going there! I'm not a heavy game player but I do use the calendar function often. That big fancy screen and whatever else is drawing the juice, puts the battery in the red zone certainly by the end of the work day.The GS3 does have a really nice camera.That's it, if you can live with these shortcomings, great, if you think you can't then I would say don't take my word for it, go test it out for yourself and see what I'm talking about. Good luck!

I love this phone. The phone works perfectly but unfortunately in canada it does not work with wind - network. I had to change my network to fido. So if u live in canada take note of that.... Amazing phone but might not work with you network. Seller is highly recommended

This phone is really great and coming from the HTC G2 to this was an easy transition. It's very user friendly. However with t-mobile, it will only work on edge not 3g or 4g; didn't know that. However, I returned the phone and I knew there would be a restocking fee applied, but $55 is unnecessarily steep and considering the return address is someone's house is a little ridiculous. Won't be ordering from this seller again.

Dear, I am very disappointed about the cell phone I received. The phone is not new, it is a used phone. The phone does not work for network 3GSM as stated in the notice, it only recives 2g signal, and is very slow. I was unable to make it work, the phone is a bad product, it does not work, is not new, I want my money back please.

Because it was not announced that I had to pay 75 Euros custom taxes. Such high costs must be announced in advance.

I would not have purchased these and then had to go through the hassle of returning them if I had known that info.

Unfortunately, my experience with this S3 was the worst possible.I ordered one and shipped it to my parents that were in NY, so they could bring it back to me in Brazil.When arriving, the S3 just didn't work, as the touch screen was not responding to any command.I upgraded the Android OS, but was not helpful.So, the only solution was to return the item to the seller as Samsung Brazil refused to fix the problem here. They told me that the warranty is only valid for the country you buy the product. A joke...As a consequence, i had my money back, but i'm still with no phone. Maybe iPhone 5 or Lumia 9200 will do better than S3 did.

This was the worst  phone ever for the price. The picture quality was horable. I will be returning. Dont waste your money.

First of all I would like to say Nothing wrong with this item as a phone and I am giving it five star, also nothing wrong with amazon, the only issue is with an amazon seller which is (abe-123), I contacted that seller around the past three weeks without any respond although amazon is confirming every sent e-mail just few minutes after sending. I purchased this phone for $680.00 on July 2012 here at amazon and I understand that there is no warranty for this international version, but it I understand that it is covered by factory warranty. This phone stopped working and died on January 2013 after just five months without any mishandling or misuse, Samsung USA turned me to Samsung UK where international versions can be repaired, The guy in UK gave me The number that I shoul write on the package in order to be accepted by the repair center, but Samsung UK refused to accept this phone for repair and they returned the phone back to me after paying another $100.00 for shipping by FEDEX. I came back to amazon trying to find a resolution to my issue, but amazon is terning me to that seller who is not responding at all, now I ended-up with a dead phone that costs me $680.00 for the phone + $100.00 paid to FEDEX. All what I was looking for is at least to hear from amazon if they can help in this case or not but I was not expect to take that silent situation. So I found my responsibility to give new customer my experience with purchasing an international versions, just be aware you may be in my shoes one day.

Its hardware specs are over kill. Quad core processor! and yes, everything moves smoothly and quickly on this phone. There may have a few delays here and there, but that's expected.This phone requires both hands, although you can use it a bit with one hand.

No matter what you read, or what anyone tells you, the screen on this phone is absolutely terrible.I mean its a total lie. It scratches, cracks, and shatters extremely easily. They advertise this as gorilla glass, but no way.Get a case from the get go, and you will be fine, but you shouldnt have to worry about a phone like that.The actual phone besides the screen is ok, nothing insanely great but it works fine. Some bloatware and such, but still a nice device when its working.

3 mounths after buying it just start the problems .... i just went dead and then start working again and keep acting like this (i almost go crazy) ....i sent to assitance and first they say it was virus, then it was the power cable, then was the battery problem ...... always the phone come ok from the assitence and then after a couple of days it just stop working. Can samsung do not for me ? (i want a replacemento phone because is not my fault). Anyway the phone is not working right now and i lost my patient and  i am buying the nexus 4 and try it.

My frien'ds using it with the new Unlimited everything (including hotspot) plan that just came out from Solavei. Runs off T-Mobile and at&t;'s 4G network for $49/mo and ends up bein free or making you money every month instead. It just launched in September and is taking the money that would other wise be wasted on the same old repetitive advertising and giving it to the people for sharing with others. $20 for every 3 people you enroll every month for as long as they have the service+another $20 for every 3 people they add as well... It adds up let me tell ya. Also coming to Europe next yearLearn more at [...][...]

Super fast phone, you can do almost whatever you want. Customizable and intuitive. I strongly recommended if you are an android fan

Excelente

This is probably the best phone out there. iPhone 5 is nowhere near the GS3. Been using it for a month now and i'm still exhilarated by it's display. Worth every penny..

This is a review of both the Galaxy S3 phone AND the vendor, Straight Trading.First about Straight Trading... Before buying this phone I read many reviews and was afraid to buy one.  So many reviews were critical of vendors with statements like "got a refurbished phone", "received a Chinese knockoff", "phone would not work right out of the box", "no warranty", etc.  I emailed Straight Trading with a few questions and they answered me within minutes, all to my satisfaction, so I ordered from them.  The phone arrived very quickly and was everything Straight Trading said it would be.  It's a brand new phone in an unopened box with 1 year warranty.  I am very pleased with their service and their honesty.Now about the phone...  I have been using it without a SIM card for a week now just to get used to all of its features.  I'm very impressed.  I was able to transfer all of my contact and calendar info from a different phone brand easily.  It does much more than I imagined and the software has not faltered - no crashes or restarts.  My only issue so far is GPS navigation.  Samsung says you can navigate without an internet connection using only GPS, a feature I am most interested in.  You basically store the map area of interest in cache and from there on it's supposed to work using just GPS.  I have been unable to do this unless I have an internet connection at the beginning of my route to select the destination.  After the destination is selected and a route is plotted, you can then disconnect from the internet and all works well.  But, you must initially HAVE AN INTERNET CONNECTION in order to select the destination.  Without a connection the map works and it shows your location and nearby points of interest accurately, but you can't select a destination and navigate a route.  I still have hopes that this can be resolved but after two attempts with Samsung Online Chat, I've gotten nowhere.I'm about to install a SIM card and go on the AT&T; network.  If I have any earth shattering news I may come back and amend this review but other than the navigation issue, everything else has been working just fine.  Very satisfied with my purchase.2014 Apr 06.  UPDATE.  I have been using the phone now for several weeks and am very pleased with its performance.  Other than the GPS issue described above, all has been working flawlessly...no crashes or unintended restarts.  It's absolutely amazing what this phone can do.  It will take several more weeks to discover and try all of its features.  Battery life has been excellent; just don't turn Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and other power hungry features on when you are not using them.  I highly recommend this phone and the vendor I bought it from.

I've had an iphone and a couple droids and this beats them all hands down.I'm on Verizons network and get 40meg down and 20up with great reception everywhere.It's blazing fast, no load time for anything.The battery will last me 2 days with moderate usage.The screen is crisp and the colors are great.It weighs practically nothing.Pictures are great, good color even in darker rooms and the flash is really bright.If I had to complain about something, the back is made out of plastic which seems cheap, but who really cares about the back of the phone.

Simplemente perfecto! me fue entregado en el lapso establecido y mi esposo esta feliz y maravillado con el. No lo suelta para nada. 100% recomendado.

Mobile Phone Battery Charger does not work.the phone was not made in korea or usa. it was made in china.it does not match with the seller's description

I got this phone is late July and the PHONE has been amazing. I love every aspect of it, it's very fast the UI is very user friendly and I enjoyed using it...EXCEPT for the awful battery. Phone takes sometimes 10 hours to charge and has not lasted for 9 hours since I've used it. Sometimes the battery won't charge when I plug it and and I have to remove the battery. I have been contacting the seller Open Group Wireless for weeks trying to get a new phone and they have done nothing but give me the run around. WHEN they answer my emails it's always asking me what's wrong like I haven't told them a million times and asking for my order ID number that I have also sent a million times. I am so frustrated with this company and this phone's battery. All I'm asking is for a device that works the way it's supposed to. I am giving this a bad rating not because the phone sucks, but because the seller does.

The best mobile in market now. It is very light for its dimensions. The camera is good. The music quality is also good.

The Samsung Glaxy S3 is very good. The quality is good and have tools for day by day. The support of samsung is good.

Excelente entrega a tiempo mercanc&iacute;a en buen estado era lo q yo esperaba y m&aacute;s tal cual ofrece en la publicaci&oacute;n lo recomiendo totalmente

This phone is fantastic. It feel great in the hand and pocket, despite the immense screen size. The software is incredibly fast and smooth although the "IOS rip off" crowd does have a case on a few of its features. Regardless, the phone runs great, is very powerful and battery length is quite good due to the large battery (easily lasts 24 hours of light to moderate use). The bootloader is factory unlocked and works without issue on multiple SIMs on USA AT&T. It is important to note, however, that the quad-core exynos chip will not support US LTE bands so beware before you buy.

Great smart phone. Cost / performanc is unbeatable. If you prefer Android this phone is one ofvthe best.Cheers,Ron K

Please, before you buy this phone be aware that when (not if) it fails, you are left with a $455 paper weight. There is a very, very common charging port issue with this phone. Do a search on the web, the online forums are bursting with people with the same problem. I had it for exactly 57 days, not even a scratch or a ding on it. I loved it, took great care of it, but it failed anyway.Not Samsung nor World Wide Distributors will do any help whatsoever. I didn't even want a new one, I wanted this one to get fixed. World Wide Distributors says it's Samsungs problem, since their 30 day warranty its expired and I'm SOL. Samsung says it's World Wilde Distributors problem, since they sold the phone on the US they are the ones that should fix it. After going back and forth for about 7 days they want the phone shipped to the UK, to see if it can get fixed.Say what? Spend another $100 and ship the phone to the other side of the planet? Wait 3 to 6 months and they're not even sure it will get fixed? I'd rather have them be honest and tell me to shove it up my rear end. Plainly put, there isn't and won't be support for this phone, ever.You're better off buying a phone from a major brand name store, whichever you prefer. Don't make the same mistake I did. Serves me right for trusting Samsung and World Wide Distributors.

It works perfectly the only thing I did not like is that the phone comes in french. But overall it is great.

Really a awesome phone. I'm in love with it. Lot of functions are there, although much of those are not used in daily basis.

BLUTEKUSA sold me, I liked the phone was excelnte, came in excelent conditions, but it came locked when the title tells that it's unlocked  i had to pay for unlock it because the phone is PAL (European) it worked only with europeans sim card  when they known that i'm in Am&eacute;rica (Venezuela) I hope that it wil not happen when i buy another phone.

I am very satisfied with the product, Samsung GT-I9300 Galaxy S III/S3 is excellent, the product is very original, the package arrived in good condition.

The smartphone is a proven and excellent performance, just the right size to not be uncomfortable. The only unfortunate thing is that I get my hands to open box without memory 16 gb micro sd. I feel so disappointed and cheated.

Snappy, sharp, sleek, this phone is a masterpiece in how much Samsung has packed into this thin device! If you travel the unlocked version is the way to go!

I am writing this review 8  months after purchasing the phone.Positives - It is still fast, does not crash even if memory is almost full and I still like it. Reading articles on this phone is way better than doing it on an iPhone because of its longer screen and the picture quality while playing movies on netflix is okay.Now the negatives - Make sure to protect the phone's screen. It is prone to scratch very quickly. Battery life sucks. I have to charge it almost every day especially when 3g is on. It could be a better product if the battery lasts longer.

I bought the pebble blue, unlocked international S3 eight months after I bought the same version of the S2 for my wife here in Quito.  She was very, very happy with her Christmas present, and I rated it five stars. I'm pleased to say that the S3 is even better than the S2 (as well it should be!) and probably would rate higher than five stars, if that were possible to do here.I've used my S3 for a week now, and it works great in all functions, as a phone, and as internet instrument, via wi-fi and 3G.  It's super fast, the UI is very fluid and responsive, and it's light with a large, well-lit screen.  It's definitely a five-star product in my book!One last note: My wife is now negotiating with me to see if she can weasel my S3 out of me.  Should have seen that coming.  Oh well, maybe Samsung will come out with a S4 for her next present....

The phone I bought is a "Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 GT-I9300 Factory Unlocked Phone - International Version (Pebble Blue)".  The phone I received is a Samsung Galaxy S III / SGH-I747, installed with a GT-I9300 old firmware version.  As a result, the phone had a poor screen resolution and a very poor camera performance and a lot of bugs in applications.  When I tried to update the software to the recent Android 4.1.2 firmware version the phone died and was very hard to discover why.The phone works fine with its original SGH-I747 firmware and don't understand why they changed to GT-I9300.

El telefono tiene una excelente pantalla y es muy rapido por eso le doy 5 estrellas , es un telefono , muy ligero y bonito

So faster and confortable i bought it and in two weeks i recived it, work vert good and so easy to use

Always love the iPhone but since I have bought the Samsung galaxy s3 I realize that I love love love it. Great phone with great features and apps for a great price. It's value for money. I recommend it to everyone.

perfecto excelente hasta la fecha sin problemas gracias de nuevo un placer hacer negocio con ustedes muy agradesido gracias por todo

perfecto la entrega del envi&oacute; con todos sus accesorios en perfecto estado desbloqueados estoy muy feliz con el producto lo recomiendo.

The cellphone is new but It's not unlocked, i paid for the bands to be release and the 850 does not work i had another s3 and no problem, but this one isn't what the description says it doesn't work with all the band it says it works

Really nice this device. I am just waiting for the android 4.2.2 notify by samsung. Very nice camera and screen quality

I have enough with this phone! It keeps rebooting every single day! I just had for 1 week! The phone keeps rebooting, restarting, and remaining in the starting screen. I got sick of this phone! I really want to return it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I've used samsung befoer and couldn't wait to give the s3 a run for it's money. Found out it was m9re than what I bargain for. I am living it.

An awesome phone that works as described. Worked even in Jamaica on their local networks.Shuts off sometimes when I'm reading though as if the system doesn't register that is in use.

THIS SELLER Sold by Phoenix Smartphone & Tablet Repair. ITS THE BEST SELLER I EBAY I LOVE IT MY NEW PHONE GALAXY S3

I will not deny this is a great phone, looks good, works fast and everything is just stellar. But any of you fools that buy the international version like i did you will get a rude shock when you run into any issues with this devise.1) Samsung customer service USA will not be able to even trace your phone because the serial numbers are not synced to US numbers.2) You have to know which country your phone originated from and talk to their customer service for help. I have no idea? i could all 27 EU countries and see who recognizes it.3) Even a minor problem, like what i called to seek help on.. i have all my volume and tones set up and tested.. however when someone calls me.. the phone never rings, it will beep when you hit the keys to type a text but it does not beep or vibrate to let you know if you received a text, so there is clearly a problem with the alert issue.. even the alarm will not ring when set. Customer service USA will not help even with that let alone walk you through the motions.Conclusion.. Im sending this International version back.. buying the USA version and if ya'll are smart.. believe me now.. BUY AMERICAN! or you are doomed.. picture calling Greece or Poland every time something goes wrong is that even worth it? with the time zones and all.. I made a huge mistake.. i got this phone yesterday and its on its way back today! lesson learned.. BUY THE AMERICAN VERSION if you live in the USA.

Sorta Ok for apps, but who mashes a pie plate against an ear to make a phone call? Maybe Apple should make the iPad an iPhone?

It hangs a lot poor quality, although international warranty helps.Over all battery life is goodAneroid upgrade is also a pain

TGU Enterprise sold me a fake phone. a clone. the Galaxy SIII Battery did not even fit, and neither did the case.

Amazing phone, easy to use. The graphics are great.It feel good in the pocket though it seems quite big.The best thing is the camera!

I have paid for unlocked international phone. I got locked phone. I am getting message as sim network unlock pin

I bought this phone as a gift and such a low price. the person I got it for is very happy with it.

its one of the better phone that i had its a same product that the samsung 4 but its better price

This is for the US-Verizon version, not unlocked version.This phone is so cool!I upgraded from LG Revolution, it's only been about an hour but I am very impressed. If you love gadgets, you must own this phone. S Voice has worked very well in my trials. The phone is beautiful, super-fast. I haven't found any problems yet, but I will update as I use it. The screen is huge, but the phone is very thin and light. So far, I just love it.

I ordered this phone for my daughter following my own experience with the S3 Mini which I have been using for about ten months now. After using it for a few days she just could not understand why she had to wait this long to have such a phone. Each time I asked her about the phone's performance and features, she just says &#34;awesome&#34;.

I love the performance, and the functionality. Got the phone for four days, played with it everyday and the phone got dropped from above waist level. The screen protector is still applied to the screen so you can't really see an inside crack..the glass is fine but i can see two short lines on the screen. I can no longer use the phone since the lcd is broken. I was telling myself that i have got to get a case for this phone asap before it got dropped since the quality is so cheaply made... unluckily, it got dropped and now i am screwed :(. Good lucky people, protect this phone while you can!

It's a great phone much cheaper but with a lot more features than the carriers branded phone. GALAXY S3 INTERNATIONAL!  GREAT DEAL GREAT SERVICES! GO 4 IT !

compre  el telefono samsumg S3, desbloqueado y no esta desbloqueado y necesito el c&oacute;digo de desbloqueo para poder usarlo aqui en venezuela con la telefonia movistar

Even though I love this phone I am starting to realize that the battery only lasts for a half day.  I wonder why. When I had the Samsung Brightside battery life was pretty where the battery lasted for 2 days.  I have to charge this phone everyday and all day which is a bummer.  The battery  life on this phone is very weak.This is my second Samsung phone that I own.  Samsung makes great phones IMO.  I have never had a problem with them.  At first I had the Samsung Brightside with a slide out keyboard but decided to switch up to a complete touchscreen with no keyboard.  This phone is quite large and the screen is nice.  It is very wide and clear.When I first got this phone I was kind of surprised at how thin it was (it felt paper thin).  The phone is very flat and slim but the beautiful touch screen makes up for it.  I would recommend a phone cover to support its' slim weight.  The phone also came with headphones which was nice.The home screen displays the time day, date and the weather in your current city.  I really like that feature.  Other than that the phone has your typical features, such as youtube, internet, you can download games and music, camera, video, etc.The graphics is really clear on the screen.  If you look at videos on this phone such as youtube it is a little fuzzy but not bad.  Another feature I like on the phone is the lock screen.  When you touch it, it is like it is incased with water.  The camera is good also.  The picture quality is clear.The keyboard is excellent on this phone.  Every time you type on it, it has a water drop effect.  The touch screen and keyboard feels very nice.Overall this is a good phone.  I really like it and it is worth the money.

Samsung love it, keep making awesome phones!!  Proud that this is a Korean product, forget the iphone!!  this is way worth the $!

Fast shipment. Nice phone. Unlocked. Currently using it overseas without any problems. The only problem is phone does not come with an universal wall plug charger. You need to buy a converter in order to use it in some countries.

I bought this phone as a factory unlocked one. I received a T-mobile version which was unlocked but not the International version. The international version is much better that the US version. It so much faster when you stream on Youtube, and the screen is resolution is so much better. The international version is supported by a quad-core processor, not dual core as the US version. Don't be fooled by the fact that the US version comes with 2 gigs of RAM, because the quad-core processor of the International version still makes the performance much better even with one gig of RAM.I hate Amazon because I was fooled by one of its garbage sellers.

The item came as described within the range of days it was supposed to come and it was well packed.

had the phone for 3 month, for some reason stopped charging even after changing the battery. Contacted the Samsung USA and they would not honor the warranty. I looked at the previous reviews and found 110 previous reviews with the same complaint.

the device doesn't work on the 1700 band which is T-Mobile's 4g network (USA)You will see E,G,3G,H,H+ , all these are very slow compared to true 4g.If data speed is important to you make sure to order the specific model that works with your carrier.

Nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop, Nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop, Nice, excellent product, i'm very happy whit this shop

Hiya! One questions doyou really know if  the phone working in other country for example Argentina .Its really unlocked and  I'm going to be able call  here mobile phone company are movistar  and personal .If you can  research I'll be thankful.Nestor

I certainly would recommend this product for the price.Not bloatware on it ,sleek fast light.Only thing I would say is get a good case , so it doesn't slip

It is very good cell phone. All is right. I am very happy for this buy. I can recommended that.

Excellent phone, very fast, perfect size, nice looking. Cannot think about anything I do not like about this phone. Even the price is good.

The Samsung Galaxy SIII/S3 GT-I9300 is the same as all other S3 in term of design style size and all, but there must be something wrong with this particular one. It echos whenever you are on a call and the person on the other end cannot hear you properly.  Everyone is saying the audio is very low on the receiving end which makes it difficult to hold normal conversation.  I have the S4 Active as my personal phone and my wife has a S3 for one year now and neither of us is experiencing any difficulty either way.  I bought this Unlocked International S3 version for a friend, it is beautiful but I am disappointed.I need to know how I can return it for an exchange or reimbursement.I will not recommend anyone to buy this type of phone from this vendor again.  Please advise me.

Awesome. Can't keep it out of my hands. They thought of everything with this phone. What will Samsung come up with next :-)

I got this phone on time and when I opened the box it was brand new.AMAZING PHONE. It was as advetised 32Gb.. seller was HassleFree Cell and I would defo reccomend it to a friend..soon as i got this one my gf is tryin to take it from me...Im thinkin to order another one from the same seller.

I love this phone. Bit of a learning curve with all the features on the phone. I honestly haven't found anything to be disappointed with yet.

DO NOT BUY ANY SAMSUNG PRODUCTS.Their customer service is one of the worst in the US.They do not stand behind their products and when you ask to speak with a supervisor, they casually offer to put you on the wait list for someone to get back to you within a few days.I was planning on buying a whole range of Samsung products, but my last experience with them alerted me to look to their more accommodating competition.FredSamsung : RFG237AARS 23 cu. ft. Counter-Depth French Door Refrigerator - Real StainlessSamsung Galaxy S III Mini I8190 8GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.1 OS, Dual Core, Super AMOLED Touchscreen, 5MP CamSamsung PN51E490 51-Inch 720p 600Hz 3D Plasma HDTV (Black)4.3 cu. ft. Front Load Washer with PowerFoam Technology Steam VRT Plus and Super Capacity White

The camera quality is breathtaking. Too bad I can't share them with my friends.It's impossible to upload pictures to Facebook. Uploads fail 90% of the time, especially if I try tagging friends, adding a location, or posting to an album instead of to my own wall.I even tried using Bluetooth to transfer photos to my laptop so that I can upload them from my computer, but Bluetooth doesn't work at all. I can't even transfer photos through Bluetooth to other users.I have to plug my phone into my laptop with a USB cable if I want any chance of sharing photos.The texting application is embarrassingly undeveloped. Until recently, I couldn't even receive group texts from non-Android users. I could send out a text to multiple people at once, but the responses would come back in separate texts. When I try sending more than one photo in a message, the texting app compresses it into a slideshow that non-Android users cannot open. Likewise, when non-Android users send me more than one photo in a message, I have to open the slideshow but cannot zoom in while it is playing. I have to download each individual frame and THEN open it.I was looking forward to the Galaxy S3, since my tech savvy friends were touting its customizability as a benefit that trumps the iPhone's convenience, but I should have gone for convenience.

I bought a Samsung Galaxy SIII yesterday. I spent hours on the phone with their technical support trying to get their software, KIES, to sync with Outlook. They could not get it to work and referred me to Development Technical Support which never called back. If you need to connect with Outlook, I suggest you try another phone. This is not worth the effort. Otherwise, it is a good phone, but a good phone with no phone numbers is pretty worthless.

If you're buying this phone, you have to have in mind several things:1. It is a big phone. I myself find the screen size very useful, but if you have small hands or don't have a fancy for big phones, this isn't for you.2. Operating system is fast; if you have previously owned an iphone you will find it quite easy to shift toward an android platform.3. Headphones have a good sound to them as long as you are standing still. If you're a jogger, you will find that the cable transmit EVERY little tapping sound right back to your inner ear. Solution? yes, run the cable underneath your clothes.4. On screen keyboard is not always accurate.5. Excellent camera: takes beautiful pictures and comes with several different shutter modes, including a panorama software.6. Many of the apps are free on the google play store.7. Battery charger, unfortunately, is european standard. You'll need an adapter.Overall, it's a pretty good phone. And once you get used to the size of it (which takes only a couple of days) every other phone will seem toy-like.

Because the reviews on the website, i bought it. but next time, i wont do it again.it acts very slow, even slower than S2, HTC, Moto Razer,iphone.I also have an iphone and HTC, but I got HTC in Asia, which is 5 times faster than S3, but they dont sell here for the 4 core.the only good thing is the pic resolution is better than S2, and battery life is little longer, but more expensive.disappointed.

I have the Sprint version of this phone. Super nice large screen, can take up to 64MB of Class 6 memory! I talked to a Samsung factory expert, and he said they just started shipping the 64MB class 6 card for this Qualcomm processor phone.It has a problem with class 10 camera memory, the board is not supporting it, so if you want to not have to format your card because it crashed, like it did twice in a week on my phone, keep with Class 4 (*Which the Sprint stores sell, not 6 or 10) or the faster Class 6 memory. I bought it right here $15 on Amazon Samsung MB-MSAGA/US 16 GB Class 6 microSDHC Flash Memory Card get it today.

I liked my iPhone and used it heavily, but was attracted to some of the S3 and Android features. The phone is fantastic. It has a beautiful screen, quick processor, fantastic bells and whistles, and it is easy to use. I plan to buy my wife one when her contract is up. Bravo Samsung. It is nice to see what competition with Apple produced.

The phone was delivered within the required time and in perfect condition. Living in Europe, it was important for it to be unlocked and I have had absolutely no issues using it. Getting to grips with the phone is super easy - very instinctive.Love it!

Un muy buen equipo, exelente dise&ntilde;o, dise&ntilde;ado a la perfeccion, el color es bonito, lo recomiendo 100 cien por ciento

I did not buy this phoine for me. I got it for a Cousin. Anyways, he's very satisfied with the phone. It has great reviews all around the web as one of the best cell phones in the market. It looks great too. The screen is quite large and the resolution is very good. The processor is very fast and the connectivity is great. I especially like the fact that you can expand the memory, unlike the iPhone in which you can't. This is a very nice product. Highly recommended.

hello i just received this phone and im loving it to max. Its every thing that it stated it would. i would buy this item again.

I'll only comment on the fragility of the phone -- a pretty soft drop from two feet high onto concrete shattered the thin glass completely.  Much higher drops barely scratched my previous phone, a blackberry bold.  Beware, it must be kept in a case.

I have to start saying that I am an Android fan. Before using this model I had a Galaxy GioThis particular model was everything I expected, the performance the upgrades, everything is a lot better than previous versions.I was afraid about the size, the last model I had was 4.1&#34; so I though 4.8&#34; was too much. The first time I made a call did feel weird, but  with time I got used to it. It fits great in my pocket even using a protective case.the battery improvement is great. I use my phones a lot, so I had to charge my phone twice per day. But now, with the same use I charge my Galaxy SIII every day and a half.The instructions came in English and Hebrew, and the main language for the phone was Hebrew, but don't worry. The first time you start the phone you get to change the language in the first screen.

Ok so I received this phone this morning and I expected to get a phone exactly like the one I have...NOPE! I guess the international version has a lot less features than the american version. Front camera is horrible and the OLED screen it claims is not OLED. Its obviously LED. it doesnt even have NFC as it claims. I really feel like I should have only paid 200 bucks for this fake thing. It doesnt even have swype or S-voice. I actually think its rooted because the Kernal version says ubuntu...SERIOUSLY? I was expected to latest Andriod version but instead I got Gingerbread! WTF?!! The only reason I am keeping this is because im tired of looking for phone but I advise you not to buy this phone from this seller.

I love this phone. Prefer it over the iPhone and other android phones. Very fast processor and calls are clear and have not dropped one yet. Pretty much same functionality of the iPhone but not as pricey.

I nicely ask them if i can get the product before xxx date and without asking me they canceled my order.What a terrible customer relationship.

I live in Per&uacute;, this unlocked international version phone works perfectly. And is a great looking phone and it works perfectly. Its very fast'and the battery lasts longer than I expected.

This phone is great- I like the speed of pages loading on wi-fi.  It is a much better web browser than my old Droid X, because of the bigger screen and sharper resolution.  I love the camera- especially the burst mode.  Reviewers say it is not as bright as screens in other state of the art phones, but it is bright enough for me.  Be sure to put on a protective case right away, as this phone is very slippery and slim. In only  2 days, I have already dropped it 3x. It likes to slide off tables, too.  BTW, for the fashion conscious, the pebble blue is only blue on the outer rim- the back and front surfaces are a dark metallic pewter that favorably belies its plastic composition. It looks ritzier than the plain black or white.  I got the T-Mobile version and have not used the 4g much, so I can't comment on network quality.  The first full charge on the battery only lasted 12 hours, but I did have wi-fi on the whole time.  I got it for $99 direct from T-Mobile on a one day sale- they will probably run the sale again on their site.  Generally I prefer Motorola phones for their ruggedness, but for the price I could not pass this up (case will make up for it.)

The best brand

This is the best phone nowadays... I just love it... it is a fantastic electronic device... wonderful item... thank you

It has been working great since I had it. I am also buying my fianc&eacute;e hers as soon as possible

This is an amazing phone to have. The picture quality is wonderful, lightweight. Screen size is big for viewing. User friendly

My five stars is because this product really was beyond my expectations.Positives: pretty design, great screen quality, apps very functional.Negatives: I couldn't find yet.People complain about the size, but you know that you are buying it. At least I can read well some files.

That's the main question I asked myself. Which is the best? I've had the iphone since the 3G and had become some what bored with the slow pace of Apple incremental changes. Frustrated with Apple locking the user out of everything, forcing the use of itunes with no alternatives and hitting my pocket every chance they could, I broke down and bought the S3. It was love at first sight with the big screen, the many choices, the eye candy and many options. It is really more fun than the Iphone I thought. However, I must admit that the overall experience felt strange and a little confusing to me. I guess one could write it off as just being used to iphones. But I am computer savvy. After a couple of days I realized I was struggling with the extra size of the S3. I have fairly large hands and made more errors when texting and generally had to use two hands to navigate it most of the times. I did love the expansion sd card slot and removable battery, unlike iphones. Viewing movies  on the S3 is a breeze and you can download mp3s and movies through various apps. Android  is more open source for apps and some of those apps reminded me of viruses on Windows. Crazy popups and redirects. I had to download Norton just to get one stubborn little app to leave. I have to say that I feel much safer with Apple when it comes to security.I soon missed getting podcasts or using the dreaded itunes I loathed but have become familiar. I really missed using my iphone as a remote for Apple TV, which also allows easy viewing of my photos and videos wirelessly to my big screen television. Google play offered a few remote tv android apps for the S3  but they were subpar. One thing that really stood out to me was the fact that though I was disappointed with the iphone 5s very small screen stretch, I missed how natural the size felt in my hand. The iphone is much easier to navigate one handed, the S3 is top heavy imo, and tends to want to topple out when using one hand. Then it hit me. There really is not a clear winner between the iphone 5 and the S3. I purchased the S3 for $149 with a two year contract extension and saw it 3 days later at another store for $99 plus a $50 google play gift card. I figured the S4 may be released in a couple of months so I brought the S3 back to where I had bought it. I'm back to my iphone 4 and not obligated to At&t;  anymore. And am quite content. I will be watching out for the S4 release and the iphone price drop and may get back on the merry go round. Really like both phones actually, but would clearly have to say that the iphone is much simpler for the user. The S3 may be a bit much for those who eschew learning curves, but has much more wow factor. Samsung is however winning the innovation race!

If you get good Sprint or AT&T; reception, then ABSOLUTLEY get this phone on those carriers.Would you buy a Verizon iPhone if it were inferior to a Sprint/AT&T; iPhone?The Verizon version of the Galaxy S3 is crippled compared to the Sprint and AT&T; versions.  Verizon will not allow software developers to update the software on the phone.  Meanwhile Sprint and AT&T; Galaxy S3 users who update are already enjoying the latest version of Android (Jelly Bean).  It took a year before Verizon updated the software on previous smart phones.While the phone might look as good as the Sprint and AT&T; versions, the instant you turn it on you will know you're on last year's model for a current model's price.I got bamboozled when I sign my 2 year contract.  My 2 week old phone is already inferior to the other carriers.

great phone and computing systemi like it and definitely will use it for my primary phone and recommend it to relatives

Got it on time, it works great according to my brother who i bought it for as a gift , he loves it and prefer it over an iphone .

This is my first Android phone and I've only had it 36 hours....I ordered the Samsung I9300 and was very concerned about how I would get the phone up and running with less time than my last unlocked phone.  As with all unlocked phones, internet and MMS require manual setup when not locked to a carrier. Took me two days on a weekend to figure the settings out with my previous unlocked phone, Sony Ericcson Satio.This seller included instructions on how to change the language AND set up a new APN. I was up and running after 5 minutes (not including phone charging time, of course). Two thumbs up for including the settings.Packaging was very complete and as promised, new. Never been opened. I went to the AT&T; store to purchase a case and all of the reps there were just drooling over this phone. The weight, the color (pebble blue), the graphics, the response to touch.Definitely worth the price.All-in-all I would recommend this seller, products and shipper (Fullfilled by Amazon). Everything went very smoothly and I am a very happy customer.
