
I am absolutely IN LOVE with my phone! I've owned it for four months now. Absolutely no problems, it's beautifully durable, the kickstand is just absolutely great, and the battery life is phenomenal (especially if you use HTC's Eco Mode feature). I would recommend this phone and HTC smart phones to all of my friends and customers at work. Personally, I bought the black one. The black looks great! The red stripe on the back gives it a very sharp looking touch. With beats sound when you plug in the headphones (I have iHome headphones) it sounds absolutely amazing. 5 Star quality all around. The screen display is gorgeous and clear every time. I love it. My next phone will DEFINITELY be an HTC. :)

UPDATE: 6/26/12 - The phone is awesome. The battery is the best I have ever had in a phone! I thought that I wanted a replaceable battery like I did in the EVO 3D.... but this battery is so large that it has me covered all day! The camera takes far better pics than the 3D... and it has a super cool SLR feature. The camera will take rapid fire pics as long as you are holding the button... and when you are done it allows you to choose the best pic in the bunch! I hated missing those cute pics of my toddler because he moved at the last second.... with this feature I can take 10 rapid fire pics and get the shot I was looking for! This feature alone has made my day!Original Review:This phone is everything you want out of an Android phone! It has speed, the latest Sense and latest Android OS, the most gorgeous screen I've seen on a phone. The LCD2 is really as bright as any AMOLED screen I've seen... without seeing any pixels! It also boasts a kickstand, SD Card slot, and external shutter button (unlike the very similar One X,) it's thin and lightweight, has a fantastic camera, AND, unlike it's great predecessor, it has far better BATTERY LIFE!! My old Evo, I would charge at night, and need to plug it in by the time I got back from lunch. This phone easily lasts me until I get home, with fairly heavy usage. With moderate usage, it will easily last all day.I also had the EVO 3D. The battery performance was better than the old EVO 4G but the new EVO 4G LTE is even better! The camera pics are a huge upgrade from the EVO 3D too. I was disappointed with the 3D camera performance... but the new EVO 4G LTE is absolutely sharp and vibrant! The phone is bigger with more screen area than the EVO 3D BUT it is thinner and lighter. It feels better in my hand and in my pocket even though the phone is physically larger. Between the two... the new EVO walks all over the EVO 3D in every aspect!About the 4G.... in my case it is a minor issue waiting on the deployment of the Sprint LTE network. I use wifi at home and at the office... and 3G in between, when needed. I am not a power user in the car... for safety purposes. I know that when the LTE deploys it will be an upgrade from the old WIMAX system which will be good enough for me.All in all... this is one sharp and powerful work of art. A great start to the Sprint LTE era! Have fun with your new toy!!!

I recently upgraded my aging EVO 4G to LTE now that i) I became upgrade eligible and ii) Sprint tells me that my Chicago neighboorhood and commute path are covered by LTE. So far I've been impressed. I was mostly satisfied with my 4G with a couple of exceptions. The 4G coverage provided by Sprint's WIMAX network was abysmal and the battery life was even worse. I needed to keep my phone plugged in all the time - and trying to tether my iPad to it quickly drained any charge in minutes.Both of these shortcomings appear to be better in the new LTE. I immediately got onto the 4G LTE network when walking around - although it still downgrades to 3G inside buildings. When LTE is on, which it is for my commuter train ride, it is absolutely blazing. However, the biggest difference is the battery. The phone is easily lasting all day, even with occasional tethering duty. Unfortunately I don't like the lack of a removeable battery, however, I'll live with it given how much more battery life I'm getting.I'm also excited about the unlocked bootloader available from HTCDev. For instance, it's crucial that I can deploy Titanium Backup on my device, hence the need for root (and an unlocked bootloader). I understand that the LG Optimus G is supposedly a better phone. However, lack of an explicit unlock path from LG definitely convinced me to go with the HTC. FWIW - the folks in the Sprint store were extremely cool when I mention my plans to unlock. Kudos to Sprint for getting it - some folks just want to control their own device.Other noticeable improvements over the EVO 4G include:* The camera - much better picture quality and deployment time (used to wait up to 10 seconds to take a picture, now it is nearly instantaneous)* The screen - gorgeous screen quality, although the EVO 4G wasn't bad.* The CPU - everything feels much snappier, especially bringing up apps and general browsing.* Weight - the phone is much lighter although the screen is slightly bigger (maybe even too big, many screen operations now require two hands to complete).All things being equal, I'd rather have a Nokia 920. Unfortunately I'm locked into a Sprint family plan and until Sprint decides to carry a quality Windows 8 device I'm stuck. For now, I'm generally pleased with this snappy little guy - great phone for what it does.

One of the best smartphones I've ever owned.  Great volume, excellent music reproduction, and long battery life.  I love it.

Well so far I have had this phone for a little over 24 hours, and it is awesome. I read on one review on some unknown tech website about how this phone was the first phone on Sprint that can surf the web and make a phone call at the same time. Now I was under the impression that sprint and verizon's cdma technology couldn't handle this, so I was skeptical. But sure enough today I was on the phone having a conversation, I loaded up google maps, it brought it up with the current traffic and found my location. I still couldn't believe it, so I went to the web browser and pulled up espn.com, yep it worked! And FYI I just tried it again to make sure I didn't mislead people. Called my house, did a google search and then went to yahoo.com, worked perfectly!So far all the other reviews people rave about the other features. I just wanted people to know about the simultaneous data and talking that I didn't even know about and no one has mentioned.A couple other things, ICS is a huge improvement, there seemed to be a small learning curve for me coming from the evo 3d, maybe it's just sense 4.0, I haven't played with stock ICS.The screen is great and extremely easy to read in sunlight, unlike other phones.People have complained that this phone is ugly, seeing pictures I agreed, it's much better in person.This phone is extremely light and thin, I went to bestbuy to activate it yesterday and the woman let me hold her iphone 4s up to it and I could not tell which was thicker.

I bought this phone on 2/28/13. It not Even 14 months later and it has had to be replaced 5 times and repaired twice.  I strongly suggest you dont buy ANY HTC phone.  After my contract is up I am switching to the iPhone 5s.

As my title states, I do not have a review about the 4G LTE but a question.As a Sprint user for over a decade (I actually have not had problems with the service and use it confidently in the metro NYC area) I was looking at and fell in love with this phone.  The Samsung Galaxy 3 looks sexy, but I've got good experience with HTC's interface and have brand loyalty.My question is, as of this writing (25 Sept 2012), why is a brand new user able to get the phone on this site for $69.99 while I, a long term and faithful customer to both Amazon and Sprint, have to pay $149.99?  I understand and am thankful that this is WAY cheaper than going through Sprint, Radio Shack, or many other sellers ($199.99) but shouldn't there be some benefit to long term loyalty?  I understand the need to undercut the competition to get new users, but throw us "old timers" a bone every once in a while...

I bought mine when they were first released and it has been a decently solid performer for a few years.  The battery life faded quickly in the past 9 months to where it needed to be charged overnight as well as once during the day.  It is a bit slow with certain functions but not bad overall.  The one big negative (for me) is the voicemail icon not appearing when voice mail is present.  It would work on rare occasion, but usually not.  I spent hours on the Sprint customer service lines and other than resetting the phone, the antenna and clearing the settings each time no resolution to the problem was found.I am now shopping for a new phone.

Purchased this phone and had to get it repaired multiple times. The Sprint techs couldn't fix whatever was wrong with the phone so I got a replacement phone- 3 times. Not only that but they refused to work on it anymore and suggested I buy a new phone. I will never buy an HTC or Sprint product again.

One of the things that first really drew me to HTC was the obvious quality of the EVO 4G. I'm a former engineer with Motorola's PPG, MSPG and Mobility and have a certain amount of contempt for products that I can tell wouldn't have passed muster on our lines or in our R&D.;I loved nearly everything about the Evo 4G.The screen was larger than just about anything out there, the OS was intuitive the display was bright and crisp, the CPU was quite fast, it had lots of fun little features that were lacking in competitive products (like the kickstand) and the thing was solid. Just holding it in your hand, you could tell that it was put together well. (If you used an extended battery, with it's added heft, that feeling was even stronger.) I loved it; my only complaint being that the 4G coverage was very sketchy in my area.When the Evo 3D came out, I decided to upgrade. The 3D photos and video are a pretty neat feature, but are fairly inconsequential as you must view them on the phone's screen (or a 3D HDTV, I assume - I haven't tried). The kickstand was gone, the sound didn't seem quite as good but most importantly, it just didn't feel like it was built as well. You could feel the phone flexing in your hand when you handled it or used the physical buttons, and from dat one, the display seemed to flicker when certain colors were displayed. I gave it to my wife, who likes it more than her Blackberry but she still complains about the display being flaky. It also cuts out from time to time, requiring the power on button to bring it back to life. (If it's a screensaver timeout, it occasionally fails to recognize touchscreen activity, as it will cut out as she's typing).I went back to my beloved Evo 4G.Then the 4G LTE was announced. It was bigger, thinner and faster than my old Evo, still had all of the features I'd loved about the old one and also had a camera shutter button (with continuous shooting, which takes a multitude of photos in quick succession when you hold the button down, so you can pick the best one for action shots)... *and* it used LTE (which has greater saturation in our area than Sprint 4G did). I got one of the first ones.The feature-set was remarkable. I was a little concerned about the onboard battery (it is not removable as it is in the other HTC phones). I was used to keeping a battery on the charger and swapping them out, but otherwise loved everything about the new LTE. The Beats Audio sound was impressive, and although it wasn't as good as most purpose-built digital cameras, the 8 megapixel in the 4G LTE was VERY nice.It would be the perfect upgrade to the Evo 4G were it not for that build quality and the onboard battery.The screen flickered from time to time (I realized that it was tied to certain apps I'd run, like the Android Store, but have not come up with any reason why an app would be tied to screen flicker). The onboard battery became problematic in a way I hadn't thought of when I first got the phone: With the old Evo 4G, every once in a while, it would lock in such a way that a quick reboot, by pulling the battery and putting it back was necessary. You can't do this when the battery is built into the phone. There are a number of ways that HTC has worked around this, by performing a power reset or clean with key combinations or holding the pwer down for an extended time, but there is still no way to hard-cut the power to the phone. About 10 months after purchasing the phone it was sitting next to my desk charging and it went dead, powering up and resetting did nothing and a quick search on the forums led me to believe that this was a common defect. I sent it in as it was still under warranty.Unfortunately, I'm told that the reason that the phone won't power up is that the case and/or screen is damaged and that neither is covered under warranty, and that repair will be $220.It may seem like sour grapes to give a bad rating after a declined warranty repair, but I do case and screen repairs for friends with broken phones all the time. Screens tend to cost in the neighborhood of $3.00 and cases about the same. The case/screen (which were not broken when I sent the phone in) would not have prevented the phone from charging or powering on, but replacement with labor should not be more than $80. Pending an explanation from the service department as to the reason that there is no response from the charging light when connected to power I plan on having the phone sent back to me for an autopsy to determine exactly what the issue is while I continue to use my old, dependable, bulletproof Evo 4G....and I think I'll try a new manufacturer  when it's time to upgrade. The thinner phone and faster processor are not worth the ability to reboot the phone and to buy a new battery when the original starts having trouble holding a charge, and suspect build quality is a deal-breaker when the warranty service department seems to be a profit-generating arm of the company.

Here's the deal.  Whether you read the reviews on here or you read the "professional" reviews from people paid to review products for periodicals, etc or the reviews on websites dedicated to such products, you will find that this is a great phone.  The fact is that yes, this is a great phone in terms of features, usability, software, physical attributes, etc.  I will note that I originally I was disappointed in the lack of a physical battery for two reasons.  One, I was used to having to crashes where I would need to shut my phone off by doing a battery pull.  This is solved by holding the power button down for ten seconds which simulates the hardware battery pull.  Second, I wanted to be able to swap batteries for extended times away from a charging source and in the long run in case the battery needs replacing.  For replacement--yes you can actually remove it, but you need special tools and knowledge of what you are doing.  For extended times, I purchased the Anker Astro3 SlimTalkAnker SlimTalk 3200mAh Backup External Battery Pack and Charger with Embedded Micro-USB and Flashlight for iPhone 4S 4 3GS 3G, iPod; Android Smartphones: HTC Sensation / Samsung Galaxy S3, S2, Samsung Galaxy Series Smartphones / Motorola Droid / LG Opt...].  It's relatively small enough that you can hold it against the back of the Evo 4g LTE and it feels like one the older thicker smartphones and isn't terrible.  It's also got a built-in microusb cable that snaps out making it easy to charge without extra cables.  Not as ideal as an external battery but workable.  Other than that, the dedicated camera button was surprisingly a blessing even though I didn't originally care either way.  I now really appreciate it.I'm not going to waste your time rehashing anymore about things you can find in other reviews.  The most important thing about a high value purchase is longevity and reliability and I will speak to that.  Unfortunately, the Evo 4G LTE suffers from a mysterious sudden death symptom of unknown cause.  This means that a decent number of these devices are being sent back for repair simply because one day they completely died without reason, cause, or warning.  Not all of them suffer fro this, but enough that I wanted to mention it.  Mine unfortunately did have this happen.  Calling Sprint is useless as they ask you to do a "battery pull" (Sprint, update your database to indicate that the end-user cannot simply pull the battery out) or try doing a hard reset (which does nothing).  No charging light comes on when it's plugged in, no indication of any life whatsoever.  It is simply dead.If you search on the Internet you will find a number of people reporting that the device just dies and won't turn on.  If you have the Sprint insurance (which is ridiculously expensive, so find another cheaper insurance plan if you want one) they will charge a flat fee/deductible to "repair" (replace) which is ridiculous for a manufacturer defect.  Since this is a Sprint-branded device, I feel that Sprint should service on warranty for manufacturer defects (which is not like insurance, where you accidentally damage it).  Unfortunately, they do not.  HTC will service it, but state that it could take up to 20 days to repair (replace the motherboard).  What they don't state is that it's 20 BUSINESS days OR MORE (to do a simple motherboard swap, really??).  Mine died on August 1st.  It is now September 2, and I am still waiting for my phone.  What's worse is that every Sprint rep I've talked to in the store or on the phone or online admits they have gotten some of these devices back but that there is no known reason or cause for it!!!  This means that I could get a phone back that does the SAME thing AGAIN!  In fact, an online search will show that this has been the case for a small number of people."vs. Samsung Galaxy S3": For what it's worth, I will say that while this phone was away, I tried the Samsung Galaxy S3 out in frustration swearing to steer away from HTC forever (I have been a loyal HTC customer since the days of the original Touch Pro, having owned the TP, TP2, Evo Shift, Evo 3D, and now the Evo 4G LTE).  The S3 did not grow on me, and there are a lot of little software or hardware quirks that I found to be too awkward, coming from an HTC platform.  For example, the power button is on the side where HTC has volume rockers.  The volume rocker is on the opposite side.  This was awkward ergonomically (or perhaps partly psychologically) to power the device on and off.  The screen-on face recognition "feature" that keeps it on while you are looking at it is not anywhere near perfect and I could not figure out how to keep it on while it was plugged in, meaning that wireless connections were terminated when I did not want them to be.  Also, the slick exterior feel was too slippery, causing the device to nearly fly out of my hands on several occasions.  The interface was nice and clean and I appreciated the fact that you can rotate through homescreens and end up where you started (why did you remove that carousel HTC?  I mean, the carousel animation itself may have been resource-draining, so I get that part, but why can't I swipe from the right-most homescreen to the left-most homescreen?  Do they not get along with each other?? This does not compute!!!).  However, the overall Sense experience was a little more intuitive than Samsung's IMHO.  Also, the hardware home button was a split.  I often forgot that it was a hardware button, and found myself waiting for the homescreen not realizing I just simply touched it!  However, HTC could learn a little as the menu button is far more useful than a multitasking button.  The multitasking could simply be a longpress of the menu button as is the case on the S3.  This was a refreshing addition.  Oh and I almost forgot.... kickstand! need I say more? :)Other than that, even with the known defect that could occur again, I suppose I will be glad to have my Evo 4G LTE back and hope I will not run into this situation again.  If it happens again though, I'm not so sure I'd stick with HTC.UPDATE 9/5/2012: Deducting one star.  A product's rating should be based not only on the product itself but also on the company's service and ability to stand behind it.  After over a month since my phone died, it is STILL in "testing" and has not been shipped back.  Here's the part that really sucks about HTC.  Their bureaucracy is so bad, that every time I call to get an update, I can never get the same answer and not one person could ever tell me why it was taking so long.  In fact, one person admitted they were a call center that was not at the repair facility and they could not contact anyone over there.  One person said they two-day ship the phone back, some said it was whenever, some people said the phone was in testing, others were hesitant to admit anything.  I asked if there was anyone within the entire company that could actually give me some information about what was happening with my phone.  After some time on hold, I was told, "no".  They offered to "escalate" my call so that someone else could call me back.  Her's the kicker... it would take at least a week and even then, they would not have direct knowledge of what is actually happening to my phone.  Really? Then what is the purpose of having this call center that can't actually answer any real question?  Shut them down and use the money to pay someone to fix my phone!!  It's worse than working for the government (I would know).  I feel like asking them if there was a typewritten triplicate form that I could fill out and send via carrier pigeons that would get me a response worth anything!  Even if there was, I'm sure the right color forms wouldn't be sent to the right office and help us all if the purple copy office receives the yellow copy by mistake!!  This is the kind of bureaucracy at HTC that has helped Samsung become #1.  Maybe the quirks of the GS3 are worth it if I never have to deal with HTC technical support again!

This is an excellent phone with great features and functionality. So as long as the phone works, it is a delight to use this phone. However, there is a BIG design flaw that pretty much renders the phone useless - the micro usb port on this phone is used for charging and synching. The battery is not removable. Therefore the ONLY way to charge the battery and keep the phone functional is through this usb port. This is where the problem lies - this usb port is extremely delicate with a track record of falling apart very easily, just through everyday use. once that happens, the port cannot be repaired or replaced. Sprint will ask you to go through insurance to get a replacement phone by paying $150.00 deductible. or if you don't have insurance, you are left with buying a new phone.This is a well documented issue. Research it before you get enamored by the product specs and spend on the big price tag on this phone.

We have had every, I mean every, HTC smart phone from the beginning and this is by far the best one they have made. It doesn't get stupid, it handles a load of functions, the picture quality is awesome, and the os is top notch.  I use it for business and personal and it has run like a dream.  It has enough ram to keep it from slugging out and allows you to personalize to screens to keep your business and personal stuff separate. You can't go wrong with this phone, my teenagers have iphones and they want my phone.

This phone feels great in the hand, is super fast and does everything I need it too....and more. The Camera is excellent and takes great video as well. I have been using it non-stop.The BEST feature is the battery life. I use my phone ALOT at work. I was using an HTC EVO Shift. And basically it would be dead (like shut off dead) within 3-4 hours of use. This EVO LTE 4G, under the same use, will get me through my entire work shift and all day. The other day I used it from 8am-10pm and still had 70% battery left.I love this phone and this it is the best thing HTC has produced.

He really loves this phone as he was using the original evo...this phone is more advanced and he just loves it

I am a Macbook Air and iPad 3 owner/user, so it comes as a surprise to my colleagues that I'm not enamored with the iPhone.  Since I don't use the actual "phone" features of a mobile that much, it's really everything else that matters to me and I wasn't happy with my initial experiences with the iPhone (original and 3GS).  I bought my wife an iPhone 4GS and she loves it, it works great for her.I went down the android path starting with the HTC Hero.  While it promised great things, it just ran too darn slow.  Once I got rid of it and went to the original EVO, I was hooked.  That was an incredible phone for its day and after rooting it and running Cyanogenmod I didn't think the experience could get much better.However, this new EVO kicks butt, and HTC has done it again.  The phone works very well, and the camera and its software are SUPERB.  This is really the first time I don't even bother to bring my regular digital camera anywhere with me anymore.  I had some minor issues with the system rebooting randomly the first few days, but that was taken care of with a software update.  The 720p display is gorgeous, the battery lasts a very long time despite the heavy use I put it through, and Android apps have finally matured to the point where most of the tools I need don't have all the rough edges anymore.I like phones with big screens, and I don't have a problem holding it with one hand and texting!

I have always been an iPhone user. Until recently havin the screen crack on my iPhone 4 a second time I was ready to consider somyhing that was not solid glass. I walked into a sprint store and saw this behemoth looking awesome on its display. After checking.specs trying the os I was sold. It not only did everything iPhone could do but it did it better. Larger screen that looks better than retina honestly. Better battery life, more customization, no dumb fluff apps like stock that never used but couldn't remove. Ability to make calls and check web or text at same time. Awesome!!! Expandable memory, easily rooted to unlock full potential. Thinner, lighter, faster camera shutter speeds. Faster 3g speeds n if your in Texas n couple.other states that have LTE up and running.. its insaley fast . And only phone of its class with true 4g speeds when it arrives that is unlimited. If your on sprint.. this is best phone on market

One of the best in the ongoing EVO line.  Sleek, fast, and current.  I love the big screen and how well it fits in my hands.

I am not going to go into details repeating what others have stated. This phone has everything I desire in a smartphone. Great radio/phone quality, screen, camera,  & HTC sense works extremely well. I often make use of the HTC calendar/agenda widgets. As a professional these tools are very use full for staying organized. The HTC email app is excellent. You can actually get it to push your gmail email if you set it up as Microsoft exchange. Now I can have all my emails from different providers together in one email app with push without the need for a third party mail client from Google's playstore. When I first saw photos of the phone online I thought the design was rather ugly. Seeing and holding the phone in person is a different story. It definitely looks different but I like it. I am very satisfied with the build quality. I can go all day on one charge , sometimes a day and a half depending on usage. I actually found this phone at Walmart a day or two after the phone was released from customs. I was available for $158.00 with a new 2 year agreement. Make no mistake, this is the best android phone available on any carrier. Its only competition is the samsung galaxy s3. I am not concerned with LTE coverage because I have wifi at home and work and in most public places such as malls, restaurants, coffee shops etc provide free wifi. If you live in the Miami, Florida area you will be happy to know the first LTE tower is scheduled to be on by the end of June. If you are a sprint customer this is the phone to get. If sprint has good coverage in your area and you have considered switching carriers and saving on your monthly bill, this is the carrier/phone to get. I can't compare it to the galaxy s3 US version because it is not released yet. I have had this phone for about 2 weeks, and have had no issues. So far my experience has been enjoyable, I am very pleased with this product.

I was an HTC fan a have owned HTC since HTC started selling phones in the US. Currently have a family plan with 5 of these phone. Mine was well maintained but started to have problem. Thought this was caused by the new LTE network that sprint was deploying. A month went by and the issue was not resolved so took the phone to the store and was told the digitizer was going bad. Called HTC (The canadian office) and was told &#34;tough luck&#34;. The supervisor told me she can't help me unless I am willing to pay the repair cost. I will never buy an HTC product. Digitizers should not be going bad for a new phone like this unless the phone is an inferior phone. Going to settle on Apple or Samsung.

This phone sucks.  I've had it for about 6 months now. It has far worse reception than my HTC 4G Evo as it drops calls routinely and simply does not work in areas the other one did.  Many times when I make a call, I cannot hear the other person but they can hear me. As it has an internal battery I cannot rely on putting in another battery and the life of this one is getting shorter and shorter.  And now that I've had it for six months, I have to constantly recharge it, which isn't always convenient as I'm not always near an outlet or my car.  Worthless.

I'm one of those people that is rough on their phones. And my HTC EVO is still working! I can't scratch the screen even if I tried! I dropped mine several times. The phone scratches of course, but not the gorrilla glass! If your looking for a high end phone with some durability, I highly recommend it!

Was a decent phone but not all that spectacular. Snapdragon processor is pretty good. The just released Jellybean update made the browsing experience smoother, the phone just seems to roll quickly and seamlessly now. Just iwish Sprint would quit spoiling it and roll out 4G in Denver! Phone is billed as 4G but no 4G service in D town yet :( Call quality is average, battery life is about a full day or 12 hours for me on a full charge. If I use it sparingly, I can get up to 15 hours. Screen and camera is above average, can compete with the iphone 4 or 5. Many built in filters and settings to take optimal pics, has the standard 1080p HD video playback included in most new phones, overall great quality. The Beats Audio is terrific when a good set of headphones or speakers are hooked up. I use Nakamichi headsets. Overall the original Evo was better, but with the latest update this phone is in the top 4 ( Galaxy S3, Ipone 5, HTC Evo 4G LTE/ One X, Droid Razor Maxx, in my opinion, just my opinion but not official as I have not tested other phones....

I have been using HTC phones, since the first EVO. Every update brings great improvements over the last. The HTC EVO LTE 4G is no exception.Pros:Great feel in your hand. Feels solid and comfortable, not bulky ( and I have little hands).Fast, very quick and responsive.Great screen. When I turned the brightness up, couldn't really see much of a difference between by boyfriend's iphone 5. It comes with automatic brightness, which I assume is to save the battery life. Also love the size, my eyes are not what they use to be. I can barely see my daughter's screen on her iphone.Improved battery life. I can go all day and into the evening. Actually don't put in on charger till I go to bed.  My phone usage consists of bluetooth my music in car to and from work. Listen to music at work. Texting quite a bit, checking email, playing wordfued all day and of course a number of calls throughout the day, some longer than others. One thing to note however, some of the assistance apps ( similar to Siri ) tend to shorten the battery life.Cool little features, like if you are talking and lay phone with screen down it automatically turns on speaker phone, and when you pick it up turns speaker phone off. Of course, the kickstand is back ( I actually use it).Camera is great, tons of features love the fast shutter so you can pick the best one, especially with people that its hard to catch them smiling.  Does the cropping, editing , panoramic, effects, etc.Beats Audio is kinda of cool. I see it as more of a gimmick though. Some say if you get actual Beats headphones you can hear the difference. No big deal for me sounds fine as it is.Cons:Don't have 4G in my area, so that part is kinda of useless to me, unless I'm out of town.HTC Sense, I personally hate it. The good thing is you can get batter Launchers, like Go Launcher is my favorite.I've had mine for a few months now and don't really have any major complaints. I got a case, dropped it a few times, no issues. I actually took the screen protector off ( didn't like how it dulled the screen), and have dropped it after that and screen was fine.I was going to get the galaxy, but I like to do the opposite of what everyone else is. I don't regret my choice.I love it when people ask me, ohh what kinda of phone is that.Great phone, if you want something different.Update: I've had the phone for almost 6 months now and I added a extra star. After all my various apps and stuff running, has not crashed, locked up, involuntarily rebooted or slowed down in anyway. I've even dropped quite a few more times, still no screen crack without a screen protector. The best part is my battery life is still really good. Checked it with my boyfriends iphone 5 ( which I consider the iphones to have the best battery life ) and it appeared just as good. I actually do more on my phone daily then he does. Now I did not do a minute by minute comparison, just checked at the beginning of day, and then checked at the end of day between the two phones. So in summary hardware: excellent OS: Jellybean is the best version yet of android, as it should be since it the latest = awesome phone.Wait to be fair there are a few complaints I have. 1. The volume toggle is in a bad position for me, find myself accidentally bringing it all the way up or down, because that is where I hold the phone 2. I turn the media volume all the way up for the bluetooth in my car. Unfortunately, when I decide to listen to music on phone with my headphones it blows my ears out if I forget to turn it down first. Now I'm not sure if this is something I can set somewhere to change that ( haven't found a setting yet), but if not they really need to make it automatically drop the volume down when headphones are attached. However, both quirks don't change my opinion of phone, can't be perfect.

I've been anticipating the launch of this phone for what seems like forever now, and I can now say that it was entirely worth the wait.  Unfortunately, I myself am not yet up for an upgrade, but my husband was - so I opted to take full advantage of the situation, and we pre-ordered the LTE the day it became available.  Thanks to a customs delay, it arrived a few days late, but this allowed me a nice long weekend to hijack it...um, I mean "put it through its paces."What you'll like:-At just 4.7 ounces and just .35" thick, it is incredibly light and thin-1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual-core processor.  In other words, FAST.  Some may gripe about the lack of quad core, but I haven't noticed a single bit of lag thus far.-A 720x1080 pixel, LCD display makes everything look crisp and clear.  Sporting nearly as many pixels per inch as the iPhone, some have argued that the LTE's display looks just as good, if not better, than Apple's behemoth.  As an owner of a 3rd Gen iPad, I can say it's pretty darn close.-Sprint is including an upgraded, 2000 mAh battery (7 hours quoted talk time) in their model of this phone, and it makes a big difference.  It is built in - which is usually not my preference - but after three days of use, it is consistently only draining a little more than 50% of power by the end of the day, with moderate use (And we roam.  A LOT).  If you're going to have a phone with a non-removable battery, this is the one to get.-Lack of bloatware.  Previous Sprint Android phones included such annoying apps as Sprint NFL, Sprint Nascar, Telenav, et cetera - all practically useless, and completely non-removable, taking up valuable space on the phone.  This phone only includes the SprintZone app, which is actually kind of useful for checking usage and diagnosing network problems.  Yay for Sprint getting the message!-SD card slot.  Departing from the rest of the OneX line, Sprint opted to include a removable SD card slot in the LTE.  An SD card card itself is not included - and is probably not needed for the average user, with 16GB of internal storage on board - but being able to pop in up to 32GB of extra storage if needed is a great feature.-Call quality is great, and Beats Audio offers pretty impressive sound.What You'll Love:-Camera = AMAZING.  8MP rear facing, 1.3MP front facing and shoots 1080P HD video.  Dedicated shutter button for snapping shots, and the "burst" feature is great for snapping a barrage of pictures of those children and pets that always seem to be running everywhere.  You can easily select the best shot of the bunch to save afterward, or just keep them all.  Image stabilization and face recognition are also standard, and a range of effects can be added before or after snapping shots.  In short, I can't really find a thing wrong with this camera - it's the best of any smartphone camera I've ever handled.-Ice Cream Sandwich.  One of the few Android phones shipping with (or even running) this operating system, it is intuitive, beautiful and a lot of fun to use.  The experience is not quite "stock" ICS, but it comes pretty close.-Sense 4.0 - light, easy to use, and includes some gorgeous widgets and live backgrounds.What (May) Bug You:-Physical button configuration.  ICS is moving away from hardware buttons, but this phone includes three - the Back button, Home button, and an App Switching button for switching between open apps, and closing them when you are done.  A dedicated Google button is omitted, which is something that's been rough for me to adjust to.  HTC would have done much better to either include it as a fourth button, or omit the app switching button to include it.  I view the App Switch button as pretty much useless, as my current phone includes the same function when the home button is pressed and held.  The phone is capable of performing the same functions using the Google search widget on the home screen, but it does not lock, and the necessity of leaving an app, navigating to the page with the widget, THEN selecting it for use kind of defeats the purpose of instant access to voice commands.  There isn't even a smaller widget I can add to the locking shortcut drawer at the bottom of the home screen.  Eventually, I'll find a workaround, but for now it's a bit annoying.  To be fair, this is going to be a problem on all ICS phones going forward, so HTC was just the first after the Nexus to exclude this.-Lack of 4G network.  This is the major knock on this phone right now - although it is 4G capable, Sprint's LTE network is not yet live pretty much anywhere.  The phone does not include a WiMax radio to utilize Sprint's previous "4G" technology, so essentially you're stuck on 3G until Sprint's network starts rolling out next year.  That said, I am not anywhere WiMax, so I wouldn't be using anything but 3G anyway, and at least this phone is capable of 4G speeds assuming it comes our way anytime soon.-Larger size.  At 5.2 x 3.7 inches, it is a good bit larger than the iPhone or something similarly sized.  That said, my personal viewpoint is that this is a GOOD thing - more of that gorgeous screen real estate for your money.  I have spectacularly tiny hands, and the size of this phone bothers me not one bit.  Of course, I may be a bit dazzled by the other great features, so it may be worth your while to stop by a Sprint or Best Buy store and play with one to make sure it's to your liking.In short, this phone is the best of the best.  Simple enough for novices, but powerful and versatile enough for super users.So, anyone know of any retailers looking to donate one of these to a poor, tech-starved geek-ette?  My husband is starting to make noise about wanting his phone back.* UPDATE:I managed to get my hands on one of these for myself, and have spent the last few days putting it through even more paces.  My initial review was a little more limited since I was using my husband's apps rather than my own.  I'm even more impressed with it now, but there are a few more things to be made aware of.Google Wallet is included with this phone, but has since been deactivated by Sprint.  My husband's phone, which was pre-ordered, is still functioning, but my app will not activate and returns a "not certified on your carrier" error.  This makes sense, given the rumors circulating that Sprint is working on their own version of NFC payment, but it's still a little disappointing, as Sprint was the only carrier allowing Google Wallet on their phones.Since the phone's launch, there has been buzz in the forums about network issues and the phone dropping the 3G signal.  If anything, my experience has been that 3G is better on this phone than on my last, and I have not noticed the signal dropping in my area - although it did keep "losing" the time zone before I updated the PRL, which seems to have fixed the problem.The only other issue I've noticed is app switching - some apps seem to behave as normal when switching around (continuing to work in the background, rather than pausing) and others pause and re-load when switching back to them.  I'm not sure if this is a problem with the individual apps and compatibility with ICS, or whether it's a software thing.  As this is still a brand new phone, there are going to be bugs that need to be worked out, so I'm still keeping an eye on this one.  The good news is that HTC has a pretty solid reputation for staying on top of updates and fixes, and as this phone is their shining star right now, I'm pretty confident that they're working on the issues users seem to be having.

My previous phone was the first-gen EVO 4G which I bought upon release and owned for two years.  That was an excellent phone that aged so well none of the EVO's released in its wake were enough to tempt me to upgrade.That said, the battery life was always an issue as was the small amount of internal storage.  If was going to be out all day I'd have to be judicious in my use of the phone to avoid running out of charge, and even on a normal working day I'd need to be sure I charged my phone every afternoon.  You adapt but it's an inconvenience.  And Sprint pre-loaded a number of apps to the phone's internal storage and wouldn't let you move them to the SD card or delete them.  As a result "low storage space" messages were a fact of life.I've had the EVO 4G LTE for two weeks now and I can say with confidence that both of those issues have been more than adequately addressed.  The new 2000 mAh battery holds a charge for all day and then some.  I have yet to receive a low battery warning and I'm using this phone a LOT.  The 16GB of internal storage allows for plenty of apps with no problem at all.  The free 25GB of Dropbox storage means I don't have to use up the internal storage with my music, photos or documents, and if I want more storage space, there's a Micro SD slot that supports up to a 32GB card.Aside from fixing the original EVO's issues the new phone is also an upgrade in every other way.  The dual core processor is quick enough that lag time, rarely an issue with the first EVO, is a complete non-issue now.  You tap, the phone responds, and it's done, as quickly as that.  The display is sharp, the colors rich and there's no over-saturation of any particular color, as can be the case with other phones.I was concerned about how the phone would feel in my hand since it is larger than my old EVO, but it's quite comfortable.  There is very little bezel around the screen so the phone itself didn't get much longer or wider despite gaining a lot of screen size.  And it's so thin that your fingers can comfortably wrap around it without a second thought.Android Ice Cream Sandwich is a revelation.  I enjoyed Gingerbread but ICS is much better in just about any way you can think of.  Beautiful, intuitive and easy to learn and use.  A feature I especially enjoy is the facial recognition unlock.Some professional reviewers have said that Sprint's lack of an LTE network right now is a demerit for this phone.  But in my experience it does seem quicker than the first-gen EVO on Sprint's 3G network.  Plus unless I'm traveling I can tap into Wi-Fi anyway.  And when Sprint's LTE service reaches the San Francisco area I'll be able to utilize it from day one.  So, for me at least, the waiting for Sprint's LTE network is a non-issue.To sum up, the EVO 4G LTE addresses the first-generation EVO's shortcomings and then some, while also improving on that phone's strong performance in other areas.  If you are on Sprint and wondering if this phone is worth renewing your contract the answer is yes.  And if you're not on Sprint and wondering if this phone is worth switching to the Now Network, I say give it a try.  With Sprint's 30-day return policy you've got nothing to lose and once you start using this phone you won't want to return it anyway!

As sprint service representative describe the phone to me it is what he ans say it is. I was previous owner of sprint evo then galaxy.  Kinks has been worked out of evo. It works faster and pretty durbale.  I had a choice between the lg optimism and  evo lte. Due to previous experiences with my teens and others I know dropping the lg opt phone one time and cracked the screen. The lg was even faster but more sensitive to dropping.  The evo lte is more durable to dropping. Light weight cool features sound quality awesome etched. I love it. If not available to but htc 1is just like it to me a little different features that all. :)

You can read the other reviews for the highs (fast, amazing battery life, lack of bloatware, Sense)and lows (Sprint not having LTE turned on, can't remove the battery, lack of a menu key, Sense).  The only thing I want to convey is just how beautiful the screen is.  Words don't do it justice.  Even in direct sunlight its usable with the screen set to low light (note: "usable" not "great", for "great" in direct sunlight you need to jack up the screen brightness, which starts to negate the great battery life).The thing about this phone is that I will find myself using it instead of my iPad because the EVO's screen is so much easier on the eyes; even though the screen is smaller, it's that good.  It's good enough that I don't get eye strain when using if for two hours straight.  In some ways, the screen is even better than an HD TV.If I have a complaint about the screen, it's that the camera seems to take pictures with slightly exaggerated contrast to show off the color range of the screen (2nd note: camera is still amazing, even in low light, but it's no better than what you get with the iPhone 4S).I am a huge fan of the original EVO, and would love to say this is the bestest phone ever.  It's not, but it's screen is, and if that is what you care about most, buy this phone.

The HTC Evo 4G LTE smartphone is even thinner, even bigger, even better than the original.I thoroughly enjoyed my EVO 4G for the two years than I used it.  There were some MINOR problems;  limited internal RAM for applications, and the battery was terrible (until I bought an expanded battery).The new EVO 4G LTE has resolved these problems, and added a couple of great new features. (There wasn't much room for improvement!)First, the EVO LTE has lots of internal memory, which is LOTS of space for apps and music.  Second, the internal battery is far better than the original.  My only concern is that there doesn't appear to be a way to replace the battery when it degrades, as every battery does.Finally, the camera is spectacular, and with one feature that I don't think I've seen mentioned in other reviews. When you hold the phone up in typical camera orientation, there's a new button that is precisely where you might expect a shutter button to be - and that's what it is.  Press the shutter button to switch into the camera mode, then press again to take a picture.  Press and HOLD the shutter button, and it starts taking 6 pictures per second until you release.There's even a "Best Picture" button in which the smartphone itself tries to figure out which of these was the "best" picture, and it's pretty accurate.All in all, a very nice improvement in what was already the best smartphone around!_______________________________And 18 months later.....The HTC Evo 4G LTE phone is still a delight to use;  too bad it's tied to a broken service.  Sprint service was bad and has gone downhill from there, so that when this contract is over, I'm switching to another carrier.  It's just not worth the hassle.  There does not appear to be ANY LTE service in California, even where the map says there should be some.  I live in Sacramento, in the middle of the state;  there's not supposed to any LTE coverage, here, but there is supposed to be LTE coverage in SF and in LA - and my phone won't connect there.Long term, I still love the phone - but Sprint stinks.

Can simply do everything you want.  Never lags. Runs many programs at once.  Music plays beautifully- better than any other phone I have had.  Camera is great and can take multiple pictures in a row guaranteeing at least 1 good picture. HTC interface is easy and fast.  Battery life is excellent, lasting all day even though I use tons of data. Love the picture quality of the screen.  It is large in my small hand, but the screen makes it worth it and I have adapted to it.  Wish amazon sold the white version, but color doesn't matter with a machine like this- its ballsy. It is also a durable machine, feels sturdy but light- a hard combo to find.  Makes the iphone look old, small and slow.  I would buy another in a second and suggest it to everyone asking about a new phone.  HTC makes a quality product and this is top of the line for them.

This new EVO LTE is an awesome phone. I've been using this phone for two weeks and a day. I was one of the first to receive the phone on my pre-order from Sprint regardless its the same phone here on amazon.Pros:-amazing camera indoor and outdoor during daylight(absolutely amazing!!!)(note* during night or lowlight its just like every other smartphone quality, but daytime was amazing!!!!!)-Battery Life awesome, could actually charge it before I go to sleep and has awesome standby battery time, wake up with easily 95% battery or better.-Kickstand-Micro SD Card slot-Snapdragon S4 Processor very fast and no lag-Beats by Dr Dre audio-HTC Sense 4.0 is awesome and no lag and useful apps and great user interface(contacts, calender, weather widget, music app, car dock, and many more...)-GPS works awesome and instant :)-Radio Signal has been great and call quality even better!!!!-Google Wallet(it was weird first time activating its prepaid card, but afterwards and software update it works flawless!!! awesome feature to showoff) & NFC featuresCons-no 4G LTE available yet(not HTC EVO 4G LTE fault)**I will update this in the future to see how this phone does and review 4G LTE network on this phone.

I was an owner of the original EVO and until now, none of the NEW phones thrilled me. It seemed like I had to give something up to get things I didn't really need, like 3D video. This phone does everything the original EVO did and then some. Picture quality, just as good, video quality, 1080 capable. 1.5 Ghz Dual core?,, that was a serious step up. More ram ,,,Check, MUCH better battery life, check,, bigger screen check. They really got it right on this one and I would say go for it if your thinking about getting one. Oh yeah,, and I didn't have to call my every Sprint store in the area for 3 weeks to get this one, it is actually available.

First. I purchased three phones two months ago. I really like the Android operating system. And this phone uses the features well. Especially since HTC offered an upgrade to Jelly Bean. But there are problems. Two of the phones have already failed. After two months. The first had a bad battery. Since this phone does not have a replaceable battery, the phone had to be replaced. This was after one month. Now after two months, the GPS chip has failed on another phone.Sprint's answer is to offer "Remanufactured" phones. In other words a "used" phone. After just two months, with two phones failing, I don't think used phones are the answer for this situation.I have had to take these phones to two different Sprint stores to even get service. The only Sprint repair facility in our town said there was no problem with the phone. Had to go 40 miles to another store to get acknowledement that there really is a problem. Now the offer of a "Remanufactured" phone.To sum up I don't have warm, fuzzy feelinig for HTC or Sprint.I will need to do another review about the problems i have had with Sprint. i am considering just paying the "early termination" fee so I can move to another carrier.

My phone started off great, completely loved it. Very fast and great picture quality. However, about a month and a half later my phone randomly freezes, and when I take a picture , rather than capturing it instantly like it used to, it takes 5-8 seconds to actually capture it and the flash doesn't work altogether anymore.  Planning on taking it in to the Sprint Store and demanding an explanation for why the phone is acting like this within a month!

Pro: I agree with all the positive from the reviews above; screen, battery life. I did have the 4G EVO. Like the folder feature better then 4G.Con: Volume control is very sensitive to touch. When I pick up the phone I end up adjusting the volume completely up or down. I, also, miss the search button. Interface with transferring old files is aweful, either dupes (because of multiple email accounts) or doesn't work at all. Speaker phone volume, not loud enough. Phone does run very hot when down loading from internet. Very slow 3G, hope 4G happens faster than next year. I don't have access to WIFI always. Auto correct feature messy. Inserts double words or cuts and paste when I'm trying to correct or insert characters. Still small compared to the great features that the phone has.

I was dying to get this phone as soon as I first saw it on sprints website to pre-order it. My previous phone was the original EVO 4g, it was my first android phone and despite a few annoying things it would do I loved it for the year that I had it. So when I read the info about the EVO 4g lte I knew I had to have it. I decided in July that I couldn't wait anymore and took advantage of my early upgrade. As soon as I get my phone home I started customizing it to the way I wanted it, it is very easy to use, I didn't even read the manual. This phone is amazing, I love the big screen (great quality) and the fact that the phone is so light and thin and not bulky like the original EVO. The camera is wonderful which is a relief because I had very bad issues with the camera on 3 different EVO 4g's. The internet works great, and is very fast, I own two expensive computers and the internet on my phone is faster then it is on my computers. The big screen size comes in handy while being on the internet. Texting is very easy and the swype feature on this phone is much better than on the original EVO. I haven't had any problems receiving texts or phone calls and I've never had a problem with dropped calls. This phone has tons of amazing features and apps, and doesn't have a few of the useless apps that the first EVO had. Music sounds great with the beats audio when I listen to it through my bluetooth car stereo. Last but certainly not least the battery life on this phone is outstanding, I usually go about 40 hrs. without having to charge my phone...and I'm on my phone alot. I constantly text, I'm on the internet all the time, play games, listen to music almost every day, talk on the phone, download apps, etc. I couldn't believe how long my battery lasted after I fully charged my phone for the first time. This is the only phone I've ever owned that doesn't need to be charged everyday! The is my favorite phone and I'm convinced it's the best one on the market....don't let the bad reviews change your mind about purchasing it!

Upgraded from HTC EVO 4G.  This phone is awesome! Internal storage of 8gb blows me away. The 4G was less than a gig of storage, pretty much forcing you to move all ur apps to a micro sd.  Screen resolution is much needed upgrade. I must admit, I totally love the kick stand while watching movies.

This looks like a great phone with some serious early release problems.  I ordered this because of how well my previous HTC phone held up over time.  The first one I received died after just under one day.  It crashed and would not restart, even with Sprint's tech support helping.  Amazon's customer service was first rate, and they immediately replaced the phone.  The second one arrived DOA.  After the second failure, Sprint recommended trying a different phone, so I abandoned the EVO and switched to another model.Once again, Amazon was great through the entire process, but the phone seems to have quality control problems.

Has to be the worst phone I've ever owned!I was told the 4G LTE connection is supposed to be even faster and better than 4G, yet I can't get it in my area (Washington, DC).  I had the EVO prior to this and got great 3G/4G signal in town with no problem.  I had fast email, internet browsing, etc.  Not with this phone.  The phone can't even hold a 3G connection most of the time.  None of the apps like weather, email, etc update because the 3G connection is so sporadic.  I have serious problems using the internet.  Most of the time it freezes up and just won't move at all.  Calls are fine, it's everything else that doesn't work.The phone also won't hold personal ring tones for contacts.  I assign personal ring tones to my contacts so I know who is calling without having to look.  None of those have worked with this phone.  The ring tones are there, downloaded in the contact's information section, but only the general ring tone for the phone works.For the longest time, the phone would receive texts from my contacts and change the name of the contact to an email address I didn't recognize or even have in my phone.  I ended up having to delete contacts and reenter them with people's phone numbers changed to Pager, or Work 2, something other than Mobile.  I still have random instances where this occurs.I agree with some other folks here that if you Google this phone, you'll see there are numerous problems and issues.  I wouldn't buy it if I were you...

For a phone that came out in mid 2012, it only has 1MB of RAM, which is far too low.  I wholeheartedly regret the day I wasted a 2 year upgrade to this phone.  I ended up buying a used Note2 after less than 1 year with this phone.  If you read message board posts, the HTC sense overlay requires a large amount of memory.  This is a 16GB phone but only has 6GB of actual app storage useable to put apps and data on.  I was completely out of room on this phone and had NO games installed, just stuff like email and business type applications.  The 1MB of RAM does not have enough power to run simple tasks, bringing up menus like settings, keyboards to type, takes sometimes seconds.  This phone will lag on you severely if you are a power user like myself with a large assortment of apps that I use to run my business and my life.  How Sprint can sell this phone still knowing how dated it is, is beyond me. This is, and will be the last HTC phone I will ever own. I am a complete phone junkie and technology fiend, not some jaded moron.  I hardly ever post reviews on things as I find most negative ones to be from folks who don't know what they are doing, but trust me, go in another direction if you are even slightly considering this phone.

I Purchased The Evo Lte To Save A Couple Bucks Over The Galaxy S.  As You Can See It Is Auto Capitalizing Every Word In This Review Making Me Look Like An Idiot.  It Seems To Randomly Switch Between This And Not Capitalizing Anything While Not Putting Spacing Between Words All While Using Swype.  If You Type Something In A Box While Filling A Form And Then Select A New Box It Will Put The Last Word You Tipped Into The Newly Selected Field.I Spent The First MontH Trying To Set My Notification Sounds And It Will Randomly Choose To Recognize My Selection Or Just Use Some Other Sound/Ringer.I Was Adequately Pleased With The EVo 4G I Had Before This, But This Thing Is A Glitchy POS.

I've had the phone for about a week and I love it, I'm getting used to not having a qwerty keyboard coming from the evo shift but this phone is a great upgrade. I live in Atlanta so the service is great, the new features and updates are a great addition as well. So far I would recommend this phone.

I purchased this phone with an upgrade from Sprint and love it.  I had the original EVO 4G and really liked everything about it.  I found Amazon offering the newest EVO LTE for $.01 with a contract extension.  I could not pass up an EVO for that price.  I have used it for almost a week now and really love it.  It is very similar to the original EVO, but much lighter and faster.  The non-removable battery worried me, but I have found that it lasts all day with fairly heavy usage (texting, talking, Facebook, and Slingbox viewing).  I would absolutely recommend this phone for the price offered at Amazon.

I love mine! But I'm not using it as a phone. So, I can't vouch for that part. I'm on it all day long, using wifi. The battery lasts all day. It takes great pictures. That was one of the reasons I got it. I checked around and found some photo samples first. Some phones, regardless of how many megapixels it has, still take bad pictures. Screen size is perfect. Fits in a pocket, and is lightweight.

HTC EVO LTE (Sprint) is an excellent smart phone.  It really does help you organize your life.  The battery lasts longer :)

First of all let me say that I am from New York and have not been able to fully use this phone in full 4g mode. Why Sprint did not begin there 4GE installation in a mass market like this state is beyond me. But I have to say that even on 3g this phone is remakable. I was one of the first to get the original evo 4g and was very happy with its performance until I dropped it too many times and had to get a new phone. My carrier offered the Iphone but I am not a Mac supporter because of there greed. So I tried this new phone the HTC EVO 4 G Lite and let me tell you it is fanstic.From the beauty of its screen to the power under its hood, the lightning quickness of its operation will astound u. It is a welcome upgrade to the original HTC evo 4g. Once Sprint gets there act togeather and realizes New York should have been the first to upgrade there system than the Mac Users will begin to worry about there tiny phone. The larger 4G lite is like a miny computer that is easy to read especially for us older people who cant see a little screen like the IPHONE. Trust me do not listen to the negative reviews on this phone. It is so very thin and will be a phone that u will marvel at the first time u get it in your hands.

I initially purchased this, but ended up switching to the Samsung Galaxy S3 because I was having some issues with my phone.  First off I have to say that I love Amazon Wireless!  Not only are the phones cheaper than buying directly from Sprint, but their return/exchange policy is top notch.My prior phone was the original EVO 4G; which I loved.  I really wanted to hold off a little longer on my purchase, but the touchscreen ended up malfunctioning so I was in desperate need of a new phone.  I figured I'd give the new EVO 4G LTE a try.  Because LTE is not yet live in my city, I would connect my phone to my WiFi whenever at home.  As some other users have noted in online forums, my WiFi connection would drop intermittently.  In addition I also had the known light bleed issue on the bottom of my screen.  The light bleed issue wasn't really a big deal to me, but the WiFi problem was very annoying.I called Amazon within my return window and they gladly exchanged my LTE for the Samsung, and I couldn't be happier.  Although I prefer the build and look of the EVO 4G LTE over the Samsung Galaxy S3, I must say that I'm happy with the change.  To me its seems like the texting/typing experience is more refined and smoother on the Samsung.  More than likely, I probably just got a bad phone and I'm sure the WiFi issue will be fixed with a software patch. I think both phones are great, but for me so far I've been more impressed w/my Samsung - and no more WiFi problems!Things I loved about the HTC EVO 4G LTE over the Samsung:build quality / metal pieceslook and shape of the phone (more rectangular)kickstandHTC clock and weather widgetsdedicated camera buttonvirtual keyboardall capacitive buttons on the front

This phone is amazing, it has everything you love from the OG Evo and more. one of the most surprising thing that this phone has is the multitasking card layout almost like the WebOS has. Battery life is decent. If your not sure about this phone do yourself a favor and get it.

TheHTC EVO LTE 4G Android Phone (Sprint)has potential, but it seems to have been the beneficiary of quick reviews and wishful thinking.  If I had written a review of this phone after I just got it, I would have been extremely positive about it too.  It has a faster processor and offers better application and web performance speed than the iPhone 4S.  It has a memory card slot, which the iPhone does not offer.  And it's a lot thinner than theSamsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phone, Blue 16GB (Sprint)or other similar android smartphones.  But it's no longer thinner once you slap a huge case on it, which is unfortunately almost a necessity due to the many flaws that loom with long term use.This phone has hardware design flaws beyond the lack of a user removable battery.  Even while babying this device and using screen protectors, the screen develops tiny hairline scratches very quickly.  There are tons of reports of it cracking from simple use, such as texting.  While half the back is metal, the other half is a glossy plastic that is neither durable nor attractive.  And because this phone is so fragile, you must use a heavy duty case like theOtterBox Defender Series Shield for the HTC EVO 4G - Black.  Like most niche phones, any decent accessories for it are extremely over-priced.PROS++ Thin and light form-factor compared to alternative smart phones like the iPhone 4S and Galaxy SIII++ Fairly recent version of Android with tons of features++ Screen is bright and attractive++ High end processor provides fast performance for web-tasks and applications++ Memory card slot accepts up to a 32 GB Micro-SD card for backups and media files++ Very high quality camera takes good pictures, with a super bright flash++ Battery life is decent, which is good since the battery is built-in++ Bluetooth connectivity performs well; update seems to bring it to 4.0++ Built-in kickstand is a cool, if slightly cheesy, touchCONS-- Non-removable battery is inconvenient and limits this phone's useful life-span-- Poor hardware build-quality-- Easy to scratch screen with high numbers of reported cracks-- Phone reception, even 3G, is weaker than alternatives-- LTE network coverage is almost non-existent, and underwhelming where it is up-- Speaker phone sound quality was surprisingly poor with my unit-- Insecure NFC settings out of the box-- Insecure (unencrypted) application data settings out of the box-- Hardware & software problems cause the phone to frequently fail & reboot-- HTC has been slow and unresponsive to issue firmware / software updates-- HTC has ignored publicly available security flaws and incident reports-- Sprint service has declined, leaving customers stuck when their phones die-- Unusually high reported incidents of phones that brick out, requiring replacement-- Kickstand position has the USB port on the bottom, so you can't charge it while you watch-- Horizontal use not well thought out; many system screens don't rotate-- No dedicated talk / end buttons; most touchscreen phones are this way, but it's still a design weakness; Once your touch screen cracks, you are stuck-- Insurance options are universally over-priced-- For HTC warrantee replacement, you have to send it in at your own expense, get your own loaner phone and wait for them to send it back to you.-- Decent accessories are extremely over-priced because of the small market-- An overpriced case is almost required for this, the "Glass Joe" of smartphonesSOFTWARE & SECURITY PROBLEMSIn addition to hardware problems, HTC and Sprint have introduced configuration problems and security weaknesses. A lot of these criticisms apply to Samsung as well, though Android can be secured with proper setup.  This year a presentation at Blackhat demonstrated security problems with the way near field communications (NFC) is implemented on Android phones.  Despite this information being in the public domain, HTC never chose to push an update to fix this problem.Go to >Apps>Settings>More> to uncheck "NFC."What's worse, NFC is enabled in the factory default build.  So if your phone is hacked and you try to do a factory reset to fix the problem, the phone is once again vulnerable until you manually disable this setting!And this is just the tip of the iceberg.  There are tons of little security settings that have to be manually changed to even have a modestly secure phone."TECHNICAL" "SUPPORT"Sprint has gone down the drain in terms of their policies, procedures and staff training for technical support.  Taking my phone into them was a waste of time.  I had to help the technician to get my phone soft-booted so that she could then reset it to factory defaults.  She didn't know how to get it to turn back on!  The only other option she was aware of was to replace my almost new phone, at my expense of course.  What's worse, because this phone has a non-removable battery, there is a hard-boot procedure that doesn't require using the touch screen interface.  Of course she never thought to use that, because she didn't even know it.  It took one Google search for me to discover the power button (held down past soft boot) and volume keystroke combination (then hold volume down button till the 3 Android screen appears) to access the hard-boot screen.Here's some useful information.  For a factory default reset from the touch screen, you have to go to >Apps>Settings>Storage>Factory Data Reset. (This option is at the bottom)Of course defaulting to factory settings is only really useful if the image has not been corrupted in some way.  Sprint technicians told me they have no access to clean phone OS images to re-image units that come into their stores.  Since this well-publicized exploit, my phone has been suffering failures and requiring factory default resets every day or so.  So if the factory defaults were somehow corrupted, the only real repair option is HTC replacement.  And if you need warrantee replacement from the company, you have to get your own loaner phone, send it in at your own expense and wait for them to send it back to you.CONCLUSIONThis phone may offer some nice features and good components.  But if HTC does not improve their design, durability and software updates, they will drive users to the competition.  Offering a default configuration that is insecure out of the box is not the level of service that users expect after paying more money upfront and higher monthly fees, with a multi-year agreement.  The "premium" cell phone service providers need to deliver better phones and service quality before the market leaves them behind.  Avoid this model phone for now.

This phone has some serious network problems. For a phone that costs this much it's unacceptable. I can go hours in the city with zero data signal. Skip this phone.

I bought this phone and had it for 5 months,it was the worst phone I've ever had or herd about..you name the problem it had it..Sprint swapped it 3 times and finally got me out of it..now I'm very happy w my galaxy s3..

I'm on my 3rd Htc Evo, not by choice.  My 1st ones charging port stopped working, got it replaced at Sprint, it stopped working while on my way home from store same day.  My wife and I are currently on vacation and my 3rd Htc decided to stop charging while on our way out of town.  I'm totally disgusted with the phone.  As soon as we get back from vacation I'm going to throw this one back at Sprint and get an iphone.  Enough is enough.  DO NOT GET THIS PHONE!!!!!!!

Great pictures, great navigation, fast, user friendly. This is a great phone and a great price on Amazon.com.  I will only shop Amazon for phones.

This phone had great features and the price was awesome.  But I wanted something more.  I had some issues with the 1st evo but this was better quality.  I did not like the fact no battery to replace.

Phone is a great upgrade from the first Evo.Good:Camera - Is notably better than old Evo, image noise is less with ISO, low light is much better (even in auto flash, it chooses no flash a surprising number of times), less blur. Video is significantly better, again less noise, better frame rate, better resolution, looks better than early point and shoot HD cameras. No disappointments considering the size of the tiny sensor.Speed - It takes a lot to try and slow it down, current software and apps pose no challenge for speed, no lagging.Screen - HD! Plays HD videos from youtube or your camera videos without hesitation. Color is great, fingerprints seem to not be as big of a problem with this screen and I have a dirty hands often. Did I say the screen is nice?Build - Is much thinner, and lighter vs. old Evo, but much more buttoned down. Loose flimsy cover of the old one no more, the rear panel is tight and firm like a non removable piece of the phone, only removed to access SD card slot. Opening over camera does not have a separate lens to protect like I initially thought, when you pop the cover, its just a hole, and the camera and tiny lens are left. Quality overall is improved several notches. Kick stand is very firm, no accidental closing is going to happen.Hack-ability - There is currently no trouble rooting this phone, using the HTC available route, or other. Roms are abundant already, and plenty of developers are working on it.Functionally everything works smoothly, it feels like a finished productBad:LTE isn't here yet. Option to disable LTE radio for battery is kind of buried a little.Google wallet is currently not functioning. Waiting for it to be enabled.Update: 7/11/12 htc update fixed Google wallet for real this time, currently uses a Google prepaid card that gives you $10, or a citi Mastercard, which I don't have. But it's fixed.Update: 8/1/12 Google wallet update has allowed all major credit cards to be used, not just the one citi card. In fact, a card I had used through google payments before and had saved was already loaded for me to set as the primary card.WTH is the deal with landscape everywhere but home screen? Launcher replacement or Root options are the only remedy so far.Coming from rooted Evo to non rooted Evo LTE is a little frustrating, and tempting to break this one in early. Mainly the non-uninstallable programs bother me, as well as tether, and any access to system files. Bright side -- you do have the option to disable apps in the details, after uninstalling any updates, there is a button to disable, no more bothering for updates and they don't load up or show in drawer.Speaking of drawer, I miss the scrolling app drawer, and instead have horizontal pages. Not a fan.You need to install a SD card to see the disk drive option show up in the usb menu. Transferring to internal storage is extremely slow for some reason.The phone is slippery, that beautiful aluminum ring, combined with being very light, makes one handed holding frustratingly droppy. A cover is now installed, and makes a big difference.I miss the search button, and lesser so the menu button. But really the search button. Not sure why ICS phones are going this route. Don't get the point. Now have a shortcut to search on home page, or you can use the search widget, Hey Google - not as good. And someone was not paying attention when they put the home button directly below the spacebar, nothing like typing a message or mail and repeatedly hitting home button. Would be nice to disable the home button when text boxes are active.But gripes aside, do love the phone. A worthy piece of technology even in overly critical hands.

Camera is definitely the area HTC focused on for improvements in the EVO Brand, but there are so many added capabilities such as the still to come LTE network support, but for now at least the HTC EVO 4G LTE has a WIFI+N (802.11 N backwards compatible with b/g) connectivity and it is noticeably faster than the OG EVO's 802.11 b/g.Micro-SD support is abit different how ever in Android 4.0 when it comes to installing apps, but the Camera works much faster since it stores to SD instead of the phone.I do wish it had two gigabytes of ram instead of just one. I just received a update that looks like from what I only could find it changed was thebluetooth updated to 4.0The screen brightness is fantastic out in the sun, I can actually see the sensor adjusting the brightness as I move the phone into the shade.HTC Sense is alittle less intrusive, but I miss the wiper in the weather app.UPDATE: HTC Sense Version 4 still has the screen wiper animation. Animations are disabled in sense widgets by default.Hopefully I can get Jellybean to this device as I received from Google on my Motorola Xoom wifi a month after being announced.UPDATE: I received Jellybean 4.1.1 and HTC Sense 4+ update December 12, 2012 officially OTA from Sprint!

I just got a new Evo 4g LTE 2 days ago. The second thing I did after getting the phone (first was to activate it) was to try and update the software, PRL, profile, etc. Nothing seemed to need an update. I even tried to update any of the apps, but everything was latest. I then took lot of pains to get it all set up for me. But I have started seeing multiple problems:-1) The proximity sensor does not seem to be working. During a call, the screen would not turn ON when I bring the phone away from my ear. Also, screen won't stay ON while it's away from my ear. During (or when I just start) a call, it shuts off immediately. Sometimes when I press the power button the screen would come ON for less than 1 sec and switch back OFF. On those occasions, I have to press power button multiple times to finally get the screen to stay ON. I have a screen protector on it. Although I have read that removing the screen protector might help, I do not want to remove it as I would hate to scratch the screen on brn new phone.2) The 3G speeds are too slow --- ~30kbps as compared to my original evo 4G which gave me ~200kbps in the same exact location(s) --- yes I did try it in various locations. These are the speeds without any case on the phones. And I am paying $10/month extra for "premium data service"??? I have tried updating the prl multiple times, but to no avail.3) It keeps on loosing the wireless connection in the house. In some cases it's showing me poor signal strength when all other wireless devices, including original Evo 4G, shows good or excellent signal strength. This is with the 2.4GHz band. It almost never is able to connect to the 5GHz signal. This even without any case on the LTE phone.4) The ringer on the phone is not loud enough. I have tried various different ringtones, but nothing seems to help. Even with the volume turned absolutely high it's not as loud as original Evo.5) The colors on the screen are really bad -- especially the skin colors. The colors have a warm/reddish undertone.6) The battery of Evo LTE does not even last 1 day without even having any resource hungary apps installed yet. Infact my old (original) Evo lasts longer than this new one. And no I do not have the extended battery on it. It still has it's original battery that came with it 2 years ago.7) On original Evo, I could independently change the volume for the speaker-phone speaker and for the near-the-ear speaker. In Evo LTE, I am unable to do so. If I increase the 'In-call volume' while on speaker phone and then go back to non speaker-phone mode, the in ear volume is too high even though I did not change that volume.8) While dialing a phone, the original Evo used to vibrate as soon as the phone started ringing. Sometimes it can take upto 30-40sec before the phone actually starts dialing. This feature of original Evo helped me a lot in multitasking as I used to use that as a cue to put the phone to the ear. But Evo LTE does not do that.9) I would like to change the locking/unlocking mechanism of Evo LTE to same as that of original Evo as I am used to it and it was a lot simpler to use while driving.10) One of the apps that I have on my evo 4g is no longer available on the google play store. I use it extensively and absolutely need it. Can you tell me how to get it?By the way, the phone seems to be heating up quite a bit while using as well. I am not sure if it's by design or what. I just hope that it dos not reduce the life of the phone.Can Sprint reps help pass this along to their HTC counterparts for immediate fix? From what I have read online until now, a lot of people are having simillar problems and exchanging phones has not really helped. I guess Sprint/HTC rolled out these phones without proper testing.Maybe it's time to look at a different phone and manufacturer or a different network altogether. I have been a Sprint customer for almost 10years now. My contract with Sprint expires in 1 week. With LTE network not even rolled out and such major issues with Sprint's flagship product, is it worth it to stay with Sprint or should I jump ship to a different carrier? I am not really thrilled with Sprint's (lack of) customer service in any case.

My mother got this phone and i want it so bad. Great phone so thin and big screen for an phone.

Only things I don't like about this phone is that the charging port is on the side. I don't like the glossy black back cover. I'd rather rubberized. And no micro hdmi port. I used it a lot for Sunday ticket and NBA league pass. The phone speaker isn't better than the original EVO.All the camera features are great. The screen is the best I've ever seen. Battery life will suffice. The beats audio makes for great sound with monster headphones. Performance is amazing. Not as much bloatware as in the past.

Use caution here. I've had my HTC EVO just 33 days. Today it just simply died. Made a call it had 3/4 charge and 30 minutes later it's just dead. No lights even on the wall charger.Apparently this is not an uncommon problem. A search on "htc evo lte just died" turns up 310,000 hits. So I'm not alone. This very common problem is also known as the HTC "Black Screen of Death" or the BSOD.I took it to the Sprint store and they said they didn't know what was wrong. Replacement will cost $38 even though it's still in manufacturers warranty. Sprint does not honor them without purchase of additional 'protection plan'.Faulty product, poor service.David KumhyrAustin TX

This was the first touch screen phone i ever got, and i still have it for almost 2 years now. positive bout this phone is that its extremely simple to use, very fast, love the kick stand, slim, and an awesome size. negative about this phone is that the sound is really low, when i want to listen to music on speaker its very low on its highest volume. other then that its an amazing phone!!!

OK this is really easy.  If you are ready for an upgrade because you were like me and had an EVO 4G. It is coming on your 24th month or you have waited to see what is next.  Which is so cool because you have been drooling to get a new phone.  If you are good with Sprint in your area, which is always so important.  Do not wait.  This phone is such an awesome upgrade.  You are waiting for no reason.  You have to make the jump sometime.  This EVO is everything you wanted the first one to be.  No more low memory.  I was worried about the battery but this is a totally different league.  One bad.  This phone is so thin and light that I lose it in my pocket.  LOL.  It is a no brainer.  3G is quicker and everything seems instantaneous or so much faster than before.  I rarely used 4G WiMax on my EVO 4G so no LTE for now is cool.  I have been so tempted to go to Verizon, but I like the idea of  unlimited data.  The phone feels solid and everything is so much better than before.  Take the jump.  You deserve it.

I bought this phone to replace my HTC EVO 4g and it was the biggest mistake ever. I never had a complaint with my previous phone and figured this newer one should be even better. I've had it for over 6 months and hate it every day. In short....why the network is unbearably aweful. 3g sucks on this phone and 4glte is non existant. It has many glitches when trying to send out a text or even place a call through your contacts.

First off, I think Sprint pretty much sucks--so this review is mostly for those people who are thinking about buying the HTC Evo 4G LTE and flashing it to another carrier.....I've had 8 smartphones in the past 6 years: 2 Blackberrys, Samsung Prevail, ZTE Warp, LG Marquee, Samsung Galaxy S2 & S3, and now the HTC Evo 4G LTE.Hands down, the HTC is the best of them all! Here's why:Pros1.Build quality. This phone feels like it's built like a tank with lots of aluminum/metal and very little plastic. Think iPhone build quality but with a larger screen and a thinner body.2. Amazing screen! While the screens on the Samsung Galaxies are nice, they seem too saturated to me, whereas the LTE is bright, crisp, clean, and natural-looking.3. HTC Sense is better than Samsung's OS. There's just so many things that HTC sense just seems to do intuitively that I really like. While with many of my other smartphones I found myself always in search of after-market launchers, keyboards, etc, the stock HTC Sense just works without fooling with it.4. Excellent battery life! Let's face it, the newer smartphones are so capable that we're doing more and more stuff with them. But, the tradeoff is never wandering too far from an outlet lest we run out of juice and need to recharge. I've only had my LTE for 5 days now, but taking it off the charger at 7 am I still have at least 25-35% battery left by the end of the day and that's without using any battery-saving apps like Juice Defender, etc. My typical day consists of some phone calls, some texting, some navigation, some games, and some downloading/streaming, and so far I've been VERY impressed with the battery life. In terms of battery usage, it blows the Samsung Galaxy S2 and S3 out of the water.5. Call quality is excellent. Whether using the phone up to my ear or as a speakerphone, the call quality is really, really good! I like that this phone has an extra mic up by the earpiece that is used to listen to background noise and make automatic adjustments to the volume based on the level of background noise.6. Fast! The dual-core processor in this phone rocks! I'm all stock (not rooted) so even with the standard settings the speed of this phone is impressive.Cons1. Difficult to remove/replace the battery. In order to cram a 2000MH battery into the LTE's slim and sleek frame, HTC says they had to make the battery "non-user replaceable" like the iPhones are. Of course they can be replaced relatively easily (just look on Youtube for how-to's) but still, all things being equal I would rather have a phone that you could pop the battery in and out of easily. Not a deal-breaker at all for me--this phone is just too awesome to let something minor like that really bother me.2. Sprint. IMHO, Sprint sucks. Boost is better, but they're using the same towers and here in the PNW they just don't have good coverage, especially in the rural areas. Verizon or Page Plus are the way to go with their prepaid plans....At this point, I am loving this phone and I'd HIGHLY recommend it others. I will promise to come back in a few weeks and update this review accordingly.

I love this phone. Big, powerful smooth and good looking both physically and electronically. This phone is everything I was hoping it would be. Battery life is very solid especially for such a big screen. The phone is very thin and is not noticeably overweight.The one thing that does bug me with this phone that others do not mention as much is that since it is specific carrier phone it will be very slow to upgrade software. I want jelly bean but the reality is it will not be pushed to this phone for some time because the larger market phones will get it first.

So...After being one of the lucky few who pre-ordered and got this phone after the Apple douche-ness,  I've had it for a week.  And it's simply the greatest mobile device I've ever had.It's a wow on screen, speed, and the ICS Facial Recognition Unlock is now indispensable to me - I can't believe how much I use it and now I'll never go back to a device that doesn't have it.Video?  Sizzles.Pictures?  DivineICS - simply killer.This phone is so thin, but it feels so solid and it's a beautiful device.You'll love it if you get one...all I can say is that it's simply amazing!

I have had this phone for a little over 2 weeks now and it just keeps impressing me.  Im not going to go on and on about every single detail that makes this phone the best out there because everyone else has pretty much done that.  Most of the negatives are sprints lack of 4glte.  That doesnt effect me.  I had the first evo and I never had 4g in my area.  Its simple though, do some research before you buy a new phone.  If you have a good 4g signal where you use your phone then do not upgrade to a 4glte phone yet because all you will have is 3g until sprint rolls out the new 4g.  My ablsoulute favorite thing about this evo is you can actually run live wallpapers, do multiple things and still have decent battery life and the phone will do it all effortlessly without getting real hot and still remains super smooth and fast without a bit of hesitation.  The first gen evo was supposed to do all that but was kind of a dissapointment. I was going to wait for the galaxy s3, but once I saw and felt the build quality on this evo lte, I didnt want to wait for the samsung just to find out it looks and feels just as cheap as the galaxy s2.  That was my main complaint with the galaxy, it just feels like a toy.  Hopefully all the people waiting for the galaxy s3 understand that they will not have 4g either for another 6 months.  Every time I pull this phone out to use it, I cant help but just stare at it because it is so bright, crisp and clear.  Best phone out right now hands down.

I LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PHONE, ITS FAST AND HAS THE PERFECT SIZE SCREEN FOR GAMES AND FACEBOOK AND EVEN MORE.

The specs are top-notch on paper, but they perform equally as well in real life.The screen is gorgeous, the difference between AMOLED and this is hardly even worth considering. Camera is good in full lighting, and better than others even in dark lighting. HTC Sense is cool and easy to navigate. The processor keeps things snappy, and the Adreno GPU keeps the graphics nice.

My son has this phone and it works great! Ditto on the glowing remarks of others.One tip. The battery life was just so-so until I figured out what was wrong. You might want to turn off LTE for now. My guess is that it is constantly searching for an LTE signal, and since it can't find one it is draining the battery.In regard to download speed, we live in a rural area that never had WiMAX. I know the connection is still the same, but the speed seems so much faster than our first gen android phones. I wonder if battery life with LTE will improve when there really is an LTE network? If it proves to be too short, I might have to decide between speed and battery life. I can see using Tasker to only turn on (then off) LTE in certain cases.

Let me say this up front.  I would love to have a great Android phone.  I love Android's operating system much better than IOS.  The flexibility, the interconnection of apps, and screen size all make me love Android phones.The crucial difference is fragmentation and manufacturer support.My wife had the HTC Evo a couple of years ago and HTC did a decent job of patching and updating Android.  I had a Samsung Epic 4G and it was a crippled mess with Samsung pushing few updates to the phone, including one that hobbled an already awful GPS.My wife liked her Evo, so when it came time to upgrade, we saw the rather lackluster reports of "improvements" forthcoming to the iPhone 5 (we were hoping for a large screen version) and decided to stick with Android and the new Evo, since it was going to be a marked improvement over the Evo my wife found reliable.We got the phone and were pretty happy at first.  The Android upgrade and the faster phone meant that it was a joy to operate.  We loved the great screens.  The camera was a huge improvement on the terrible one on the Evo.  We had so much love that I don't think either of us really realized a major flaw in the Evo.  Reception and connection speeds sucked.To be fair, we both assumed part of the problem was the Sprint network in my area, which used to chug along at speeds far greater than those of AT&T.;  THen Sprint added the iPhone and it was like 10000 people in a hotel all trying to take a hot shower at the same exact minute.  We assumed that these sluggish speeds and connection drops were more of the same problems we'd had with our old phones.  Sprint, as always, was "working on it."But then we noticed that places where we could connect before we had zero signal.  And the phones would have a perfectly good connection for 20 seconds and then suddenly data would fail completely and drop the network.  We started comparing our phones to others who had Sprint phones and their connections were much stronger than ours and pulling down data speeds that were better than ours, sometimes 4 times as much.That's when I started Googling and finding out that 3G connections on the EVO LTE are a known issue.  Trying to get Sprint to do anything about the phones or acknowledge a problem has been a story for another day to be told over seven pitchers of margaritas.While Sprint keeps blaming their network for the connection issues, nobody can explain why four separate EVO LTE phones (all four brand new) cannot keep and hold a 3G connection when older phones can do so and do it faster.  A few separate Sprint reps speculated that a weaker antenna or chipset may be in the new EVO, but couldn't explain why a company would do this, especially one with a 4G network that is probably going to take three or more years to roll out.If you Google "EVO 4G LTE" and "3G connection issues", and look at some of the negative reviews here, you'll see I'm not alone.  Some people have had perfectly fine 3G connections, and great for them.  But many people have unresolved issues that neither Sprint nor HTC want to acknowledge or fix.  Sprint's representatives told me on numerous occasions that I should have figured this out in the 14 day return window.  None of them could explain why Sprint would sell a phone that was worse at pulling in a signal than the phone it replaced from two years ago.Back to my original point.  Samsung and HTC have created numerous variations of Android.  By fragmenting their approach, they've created an environment where they have way too many variations to maintain, the ownership is spread too thinly to have complaints amplified like the iPhone, and it appears that neither HTC or Samsung really has any interest in making a product that will survive as a working and useful phone the two years until you can upgrade again.Contrast that with Apple. The same day we first took our phones into Sprint to get a fix, we also took a broken iPad into the Apple Store.  Apple gave us a new one under warranty in TEN MINUTES. When the latest iPhone had issues with Verizon and Wifi, Apple turned a patch around almost immediately.  Contrast that with the length of time the EVO LTE has been out and my inability to get a working phone with Sprint or HTC.  To be fair, Sprint has finally made an offer that I'm willing to live with (assuming it comes to pass, which I have fears it won't), but the entire experience with both this phone and the carrier have been a train wreck.Long story in summary.  The HTC EVO LTE 4G is a great phone made worthless by terrible 3G reception. The lack of ongoing and timely support for Android phones from HTC and Samsung is a huge strike against an operating system that I think is superior in every way.  If I were Google, I'd move to an approach like Apple's and crack down on quality.  It's fine to mock Apple for pretending features from a year ago are innovative and new, but remember that those same idiots lining up at the Apple store on launch day will probably still have a functioning and updated phone when it's time to buy the iPhone 7.

The HTC Evo LTE is an absolutely incredible phone that you will never be able to fully take advantage of. I have now owned the phone for a few days short of one year. Not once has LTE lit up on my phone and I live in Seattle. So feel free to get locked in with Sprint for the cheaper price but just know you will only enjoy the slowest 3G network on one of the industries best phones. Many similar phones from HTC on different networks. I recommend you check those out before making this mistake of a purchase.

This phone took everything thing that was great about the original and made it even better than before.  I have really been working this thing hard for almost 2 months now and am not disappointed in the least.  The battery life is great and the screen is amazing.  Chose mine over the S3 because it felt better (S3 felt cheaper by comparison with all plastic casing).

I'm not your typical user, I tend to be very particular about little details that not everyone will care about, so I'll try to only talk about these things in attempt to avoid saying what's already been said in other reviews.The Evo 4G LTE is not technically a part of the HTC One series found on AT&T;, Verizon, and T-Mobile, but it has all of the same internals (including the screen) of the HTC One X on AT&T.; What this has that the One X doesn't have, though, is an empty microSD slot along with the 16GB internal storage, a dedicated camera shutter button, and an officially unlockable bootloader.Yep, the Evo 4G LTE's bootloader is unlockable by the official HTCdev method, (made easy by the folk at XDA Forums.) No hacks or exploits. You do get a warning from HTC saying that unlocking may void the Warranty in some situations, but if you're an advanced android user looking to put different versions of Android on this phone, this will likely not be a concern for you. For new users looking to get a phone that's unlocked easily and reliably, you'll want to check this one out. I have a modified version of the stock ROM that ships with this phone. It has tweaks such as remapping the functions of the physical capacitive buttons. (Replacing the "App Switcher" button with the traditional "Menu" function allows you to free up more screen space since the "three dot" software menu button won't be on the screen anymore. Then, remap the "App Switcher" function to the Back button when long-pressed. I find this as an ideal setup on an unlocked LTE.) If you root your LTE, I'd also suggest downloading Android Commander for your computer so you can easily edit system-level files such as unwanted Apps. I'd give the EVO LTE 5/5 stars if I never unlocked the bootloader for custom ROMS -- but now that I have, I'd rate this phone something like 7/5 stars if I could. It's going beyond my expectations.Elsewhere, I have to say I'm absolutely drooling over the screen on this phone. I'm a digital artist, so I'm very perceptive of screen color casts and things. So when people say they think the Super AMOLED screens on Samsung devices still eke out the EVO LTE / One X in screen quality, I just can't agree with them. Samsung's AMOLEDs always have either a blue or green color cast (mostly thanks to usually having a pentile sub-pixel arrangement,) and the color, while vivid and "pops" with saturated colors, usually does so unnaturally. I'd rather take the neutral, natural, excellently calibrated IPS LCD screen of the EVO over an AMOLED any day. And when you look at this screen with all its size, brightness, and sharpness, it's something you just can't help but gawk at! I'm not really an iPhone user, but I have to admit, when the iPhone 4 first came out and I saw the Retina Display in person for the first time, I was awestruck at the quality and clarity of it. When I got the EVO LTE, I had the very same in-awe reaction, perhaps even more so when you take into account of the greater size and resolution. As David Pierce of The Verge said in his review of the phone, "More than once, I found myself just sort of staring at the Evo's 4.7-inch display, for no particular reason." I now understand where he's coming from with that.I've owned a first generation iPhone and two other HTC phones in the past. (T-Mobile G2 and Radar 4G.) During all that time, I've NEVER used them for watching video, TV shows, or movies, if only because of their smaller screen sizes and limited playback functionality. But the 4.7" 720p screen here is absolutely a joy to watch video on, especially when you consider that it supports playback of HD .MKV files, and has expandable storage. Get MX Player from the Play store. It's free and supports changing subtitle/audio. (Great for those of us who watch anime.) It's a serious win.I've been getting decent battery life. Some heavy usage will see me through the day with 30% or more left to recharge overnight. If I were more careful about disabling auto-sync and the wireless radios when not needing them, I'm sure it'd last even longer, but I'm really not complaining. I've begun using an energy-saver app that automatically shuts off certain functions/apps of the phone when idle for too long, or during certain parts of the day (like after midnight when you're likely not to be using the phone as much anymore.) This helps out quite a bit since I don't have to worry about manually shutting off these features to save power. The app will just turn them back on for me when I need them. I don't need to get facebook and gmail updates throughout the night, so with the radios turned off, I've found being able to go for 2 days without recharging while maintaining same heavy usage. (Unplug on morning of day one, go through the night, plug in end of day 2.)A quick word on Sprint network speeds. I live in Boston, MA. We're going to be one of the first cities to get LTE when sprint rolls it out, so we already have pretty thorough coverage here with plenty of towers. On speedtest.net, I get on average 650~1800 kbps down and 500~1000 kbps up depending on exact location/time of day. It has been rather consistent for me at those speeds. I was a user of Clearwire 4G for a little while, which Sprint will likely be using as its 4G/LTE network when rolled out. On Clearwire in Boston, I typically got 12-16 Mbps download and 1.5-3 Mbps upload. Here's hoping those speeds come soon to Sprint as well!Lastly, I'm using my phone 100% case-less. I've never dropped a phone of mine before, so I'm completely comfortable using this phone without a case or screen protector. I like the look of the phone as-is, very much, and I like the feel of the treated aluminum HTC uses. I just wouldn't want to cover that up! Plus, being as thin as this phone is, you'd barely ever notice it's in my pocket, despite its dominating screen size.Seriously, seriously satisfied with this whole thing. I haven't been on a contract with a carrier in like 6 years. But for this phone, yeah, I'll have NO problems putting up with it for the next 2-years.

The last few years I had a HTC EVO 4G and loved it. Only problem I ever had with it was that since there was next to nothing when it came to the internal storage I had a SD card which one time for reasons unknown deleted everything I had saved on it which was pretty annoying. Other than that it was perfect. Time had come to upgrade so I was going to go with a Samsung but saw the Evo 4G LTE and figured since I liked my old one I'm sure to like the new one, especially since it comes with enough internal storage (at least for my uses) that I don't have to mess around with SD cards. Well, I was wrong. I decided to give the phone the benefit of the doubt and used it for a few months to see if it grows on me before I review it but here we are months later and I'm still kicking myself for getting it.The phone does have a lot of neat features like the beats audio, the screen is nice and displays everything really crisp, the camera is decent, and there's a few little upgrades from the Evo 4G that I really liked but when it comes to operating it as a phone itself it's useless. I live in a city and my old Evo had full reception and 3G (4G isn't available in my area yet but the 3G was nice and fast for me) everywhere I went. The built in antenna on this one is really weak. My signal is constantly dipping out just sitting in one location. Every time I make or receive a call it is never clear and always hard to hear the person on the other end. Places where I would have full service now is roaming and 3G won't work. The 3G network is also constantly dipping in and out and is a lot slower than the old Evo. I can use wifi but when that signal is weak i turn off my wifi in the settings to use 3G, which would be fine but after about 30 minutes or so the wifi turns itself back on and tries to connect to any open network in the area, that turns the 3G off which is annoying when I'm in the middle of downloading something and the download screws up because the internet shuts off for a brief moment. It seems like when they were building the phone they spent so much time to make it a state of the art multimedia/entertainment device that they put making it an operable phone at the bottom of the to do list. When it comes to multimedia, videos look great, pictures come out good, and the audio (even without a speaker or headphones in to use the beats audio) is loud and clear. I can have the volume all the way up, put the phone down, and walk upstairs and hear whatever is playing perfectly. The downside to messing around with that stuff is that after awhile the battery gets extremely hot. Sitting down and playing a game for about 10 minutes I turn the phone off because it gets so hot I'm afraid the battery is going to burn out.I'm disappointed with this phone. I really wanted to like it but now I can't wait to get rid of it. It may be that I just got a crap one out of the bunch but after reading other reviews it doesn't seem like that's it. I had called HTC about a few problems I had with the phone but dealing with them I just get a quick temporary fix and talking to Sprint about some issues was like asking my 8 year old daughter for help with the phone. I know there's a new HTC out which is suppose to be better now so I'm sure this phone will be availble as a free phone with a 2 year contract or upgrade but if you really want a HTC phone skip this one and just pay the extra one or two hundred bucks for the new one when you re-up or get a new contract or just skip the HTC brand altogether.

For some reason, people cant see me during skype, which is the main reason of me buying this phone.  Went to Las Vegas, and it did not work because they have different 3G over there and do not have 4G LTE.  They fixed it, so I can upload pictures to facebook when we were out, then that night, got a message to update the system, thinking that it will make it work, I updated it.  Then the phone went back to before my visit to Sprint during my vacation.. unable to upload pictures, but connection etc.  Until today, I still cant upload picture when on facebook, have to go to my picture and click to share and choose facebook to load it that way..... waiting to have time one day to visit the store and see if they can help.  Good luck.

This is by FAR the best android phone I have ever used. I have used the galaxy 2, the original evo and the evo 3d and this blows everything away. It is fast responsive and the camera is super quality. The pictures it takes are amazing. The screen looks great too, and the battery last me all day even though I'm constantly texting and gaming on the device.

I had the original Evo, which I loved, but the battery life quite honestly SUCKED on.The Evo LTE takes everything that was awesome about the Evo and makes it prettier and more functional. Panoramic shooting mode on the camera? Yes please. Better quality video. Awesome. Prettier and more functional Sense UI? Awesome. Amazing battery life? SWEET!With this phone I don't have to have an anxiety attack about leaving my charger at home. The battery life is WORLDS better than the original Evo 4G. The camera is fabulous. Lots of built in effects. I like panorama the best. The only thing that sucks is that there's no removable battery, so I'm not quite sure what I'm going to have to do when the phone freezes when it gets older, but I won't worry about that for now. If the battery life sucked on this it would be more of an issue, because obviously an additional/extended battery wouldn't be an option. However, in average use, the life is actually decent, so I don't have any complaints.The Beats Audio is a cool feature - however it only is effective if you plug something into the headphone jack. Playing music through the phone's external speaker isn't any different than the OG Evo.I also like how Sprint has kept the bloatware to a minimum on this, and some of it, like Soundhound, is actually useful.Overall, a fantastic phone...and way better than any iPhone.Watch the new iPhone be announced with a panorama capable camera, and Apple act like it's the hot new thing. Again, HTC beat you guys.

I've been using this phone for about two months and my best descriptive term is "meh".  I mean, it's been my first smartphone and I expected, after all the years of smartphone technology, better.The phone is a great phone - when it's working.  Good display,  good sound, plenty of handy features.  I like the OS and UI.  It is a good piece of hardware when functioning as advertised.But it seems that every week or two it locks up and I have to pull the battery to get a hard reset.  It won't turn on or it won't accept the touchscreen input, but something just quits working and it turns into a paperweight until I crack the case, pull the battery and start over from scratch.  IF that doesn't bother you, it's a pretty nice tool.

I knew this phone was going to be good, but it totally surpassed my expectations. I had the original EVO 4G, and decided it was time to upgrade. This phone is just downright awesome. I've gone the entire day using it pretty heavily with GPS, Facebook, internet, texting, apps, etc, and the battery only got down to about 50%. It is very fast and easy to use. There are some minor quirks about ICS that I'm not too fond of, but they are very minor. I love this phone so much.

I have had it in an otter box since day one, but I've have had 3 different replacements of this phone. The first time the volume keys stopped working. the second time the screen would randomly flash and the 3rd time it just would not stop vibrating, even when the phone was off. After the 3rd time Best Buy just gave me a free Galaxy S 3.

I finally upgraded yesterday from a first generation EVO to the EVO LTE. I absolutely love the ease and streamlined feel of the operating system and the phone itself. I'm giving the phone 5 stars because it is great, however Sprint got a little ahead of themselves with this phone, as the LTE netwpork isn't even up and running yet in most areas, including mine...so my phone can't connect or it gets cut off from internet connection often because it doesn't run on the sweet 4G network, like the old EVO. As long as I am connected to my home wi-fi or at a cafe or establishment with wi-fi, I don't have to worry about it but it is an annoyance. Sprint expects to have their LTE network up in my area (Portland, OR) by the end of the year. When it is up, the LTE network is supposed to be a hunderd times faster than 4G and super reliable. In the meantime, calls and texts work perfectly so this issue won't bother me much except maybe when I'm using GPS and get cut off. I've yet to experience that but I anticipate that being really frustrating so I'm going to plan ahead and map my route while I have wi-fi as much as possible so I don't get stuck in a pickle.I'm really glad I got this phone and much like my last EVO, I expect to have it for several years. Once the LTE network is up and running, this will be my dream phone!

I purchased this device for myself and my wife. We are both business professionals whom appreciate great design, an intuitive user interface, zippy performance (Apps) and excellent call quality. We were both aware Sprint has yet to deploy LTE in the DMV, however expected network speeds of at least 3mbps. Obviously we have been disappointed.*PROS**Beautiful 4.7" Super LCD screen*1.5 GHZ processor*8MP camera w/ great settings*Great voice clarity*NFC w/ Android Beam. BTW, Android Beam does not allow transfer of photos like the SGS3.*CONS**Slow 3G Data speeds (AVG. 600kbps via OOKLA App)*No definitive date when 4G LTE will be deployed in DC*Lack of removable batteryPrice was great at a "penny". We both love viewing photos on the Super LCD screen. Also while watching NETFLIX (via Wi-Fi of course) colors "really pop". The Beats audio adds to the listening experience with certain Hip-hop, Pop and R&B; songs, which is primarily what I listen to. I believe it deserves consideration as a "Top 3" device along with the SGS3 and "iPhone 4S" or even "5" when released. If you purchase a TPU case, I suggest theDiztronic Matte Back Black Flexible TPU Case for HTC Evo 4G LTE (Sprint) **Only For New 2012 LTE Model** [Diztronic Retail Packaging]. Screen protectors I choseCrazyOnDigital Screen Protector Film Matte (Anti-Glare) for Sprint HTC Evo 4G LTE One (3-pack). Takes great pics, we love the customization options Android offers. E-mail sync works just as good as my old BB Bold 9650. Look forward to LTE arriving, hopefully speeds will increase to 6-8MB/s average and get to keep UNLIMITED data.*UPDATE 1/8/2013*In the 4 months of ownership my wife's device has had issues. Twice it would not power on after unplugging from charger. Each instance it took 7+ hours of repeated attempts to power on. My device has twice had connectivity issues. And today my device would repeatedly restart. Called Sprint and made an appt for repair. I am hoping for the best. Have some regrets in purchasing a device with non-removable battery.

I have had this device for several months now and have had nothing but problems with the device and with sprint's customer service.  Sprint technical support has been no use, and I am basically left with a phone without data service in most areas.  I honestly believe its part the phone's fault and part that sprint's network is so bad.  But I live in CHICAGO, and there is no acceptable reason for having a network this bad in such a populated area.I allowed my phone's battery to die completely once and it never recovered...I had to do a hard reset and I lost everything.  It is working now, but still full of reception issues.I don't see the point in having 4G and paying $10/a month more for the "premium data device" if the device can't even stay linked to the 4g network for more than a few seconds before losing the connection somehow.I have spent lots of time on the phone with sprint and they refuse to just allow me out of my contract without paying the early termination fee, which is several hundred dollars.  They insist upon further wasting my time and retaining a VERY unhappy customer.

hi  i want to ask u ..... i want to buy a new phone  htc evo  .........&  i found this device on wireless.amazon & i didn,t knew how to buy one  with a new  sprint contract  ,,,,I need this phone for my little brother he is outside of united states & i know its locked to sprint that's ok because he just want play with games & browse web on wi-fi,,  lets try step by step ,,,, first choose the phone & its htc evo sprint and i am New Sprint Customer ,, 2-select a plan cheapest one is 70$ ,,,3- Select Service Options lets say 10$  ,,when i add  the device to cart the total will be 80$  so when complete typing my address & payment option do i will get my phone by mail?? & do i have to pay more money???please contact me if you could help me ...thanx  elfakih90@gmail.com

I have owned an HTC EVO 4G since it was rolled out, and believe it is the best phone since my old Motorola bag-phone. My EVO fell off the roof of my car at 55 MPH and has been working since with a broken screen, so, when the EVO LTE was released I was excited about getting my upgrade and not using a phone with a shattered screen. I "upgraded" the first week it came out and excitedly took it home, where the honeymoon ended rather abruptly.Pros:This is one good looking phone. It feels good in your hand as well. The screen is large enough to be very comfortable, yet small enough to still be for a phone.This machine is fast. The speedy processor is groovy for popping back and forth amongst apps.Cons:The battery life is less than the EVO 4G. Yes, I am a hard-core user and know the tricks. It gets approximately 3 hours less time per day, and I compared them side by side for three days.The poly-core processor doesn't like many games. They simply crash.This is a well thought out, serious critical review. Rating against it just because you enjoy your EVO is rude.Comes with less ram than Verizon phones (not a big deal for me).The stand requires either fingernails or a tool to flip out.  I work in construction, and have minimal fingernails.  Any time I wanted to flip the stand out I needed to get a tool to do it.The charge plug makes it impossible to sit the phone down and watch Netflix, which is the primary reason I purchased my original smart phone.  Moving the so the phone cannot be plugged in and used is ridiculious.IceCream Sandwich interface is cumbersome and unfriendly, easy to fix with aftermarket apps such as GO.ULTIMATE DOWNFALL: This phone has significantly less signal retrieval capacity than the EVO 4g.Interface is cumbersome and unfriendly, easy to fix with aftermarket apps such as GO.Side by side, in and out of the city, this phone has--at best--two less `bars' of signal than the original EVO. When I am in my house it will *not* receive phone calls. The original EVO has no problem with them. The LTE drops calls constantly.Regardless of how pretty a phone is, and regardless of if it can play snazzy games or not, a phone needs to function as a phone. After over 20 missed calls and an unknown amount of dropped calls, I returned this phone to Sprint. They did offer to set up a `mini-tower' in my house that works of WiFi, however that incurs another monthly charge. We pay an exorbitant amount for our smart phone addiction already; I am unwilling to add to the bill further. I am back to using my EVO 4g, with shattered screen, and gladly receiving phone calls with no issues.I wish I could rate it one-and-a-half stars, but one star is close enough.  Simply not a step in the right direction for HTC.I put a lot of work into this to make it a legitimate review.  Those of you that 'voted' against it, well...you know.  You should read this:[...]

**Updated 6/11/2012I'll try not to repeat what has already been said, and so that you can compare your usage to mine, here's how I use my phone:1. Talk about 1 hour or less per day2. Text frequently all day3. Surf the web lightly4. Listen to Pandora and play music about 1-2 hour maximum per day5. I use apps to read news, such as PULSE, throughout the day, and other small apps such as myfitnesspal, facebook, and yelp.6. Check weather and stocks several times per day, use google maps navigation once in a while.7. Brightness set at maximum (yes, I know it can be turned down to save battery, this is a benchmark for you)8. Only sync gmail, all others are manual sync9. I have bluetooth and 3G active. Wifi is turned off, as is LTE and GPS.10. Take a few photos now and then.All in all, I consider myself a medium light user. That being said, here is my experience with the phone (my previous phone as the original HTC EVO 4G).Pros:1. Good screen. It gets nice and bright and looks good. However, I just got my daughter and my wife the Samsung Galaxy S2 (Epic Touch) and while I don't think overall the screen on the Samsung is 'better' it certainly seems to have better color 'pop'. Between the two, my personal preference is the Amoled screen over this LCD screen, but it's close enough for me not to care and both look good.2. Hardware: great form factor. The phone is slim and light, yet feels sturdy. I bought the Diztronic TPU matte black case for it and it's the best case I've ever had...slim and fits great/looks great. Who cares if the back of the phone has a glossy plastic cover and is a fingerprint magnet??? How many people will use the phone without a case? Not many. It's such a dumb issue that has received so much attention (the back of the phone and what it's made of). Plastic, glass, black, blue...who cares. Buy a case and it doesn't matter. Our whole family held the iPhone, and especially for the size, it feels so clunky and heavy! These new android phones are very sexy and light!3. Interface: I like some of the new features of ICS 4.0 and/or the new Sense UI. Just adding widgets and such is easier, as is creating folders, opening folders, closing folders, etc... pretty cool. I'll need to get used to some of the changes, but all in all, I like a lot of the UI improvements. When you press the app switching button on the bottom right to bring up open apps, you can swipe 'up and away' to close that app down. Very cool.4. Main rear camera: It's very good. Not great (not consistent), but very good. When inside, the Samsung Galaxy S2 (Epic Touch) takes MUCH better photos. I like how the LTE can take rapid photos, and the slow motion video is fun to play with. I thought I would really like the dedicated photo button on the side, but alas, I do not. It's actually a pain to find and to press it and only take a single photo, not several with the rapid shooting. Yes, I know I can turn off the rapid shooting in the settings, but I don't want to configure it all the time. Plus, it's suppose to be a 2 stage button. Pressing it half way is supposed to focus and lock, and I don't see it doing that. I really haven't figured out what pressing and holding halfway does...yet. Maybe it just locks the exposure setting? I also don't really find it that convenient to press with a case on. I find that the on screen photo shutter button is way easier to use, and hence that is what I'm using. The camera interface is great, and has the cool image adjustment features (black and white, sepia, distortion, etc..) conveniently located and easy to get to when taking pictures. All in all, a good camera, but with all the hype surrounding this phone, I am let down especially knowing that my daughter's Samsung is taking way better photos indoors. In fact, the indoor photos from the HTC down right suck. The HDR photo setting works well for photos against a bright sky...just be prepared that the colors come out vivid and funky...looks almost like an Andy Warhol painting, plus any motion like moving leaves or grass will be blurry. All in all, a big improvement over my last EVO 4G, although I got some good outdoor shots with that phone. Macro photos (close-up) come out amazing, so long as the lighting is bright and even. I wish I could post some photos of some flowers I took. They are the best looking close-up photos I have ever taken, even with a DSLR camera!**Update: I finally turned off the rapid shooting mode, as when I used the physical camera button on the side it would take too many photos, and sometimes it wouldn't stop even when I wasn't pressing it, and it would take all 20 or 30 quick photos. A real pain!5. Call quality: excellent. Sounds are clear and reception is good (at least in my area). Speakerphone is not as loud as it was on my old HTC EVO 4G. I'm bummed. The one thing I really loved about the original EVO 4G was the super loud speakerphone. It was nice when talking to someone or even playing music when working out if I didn't have a stereo handy.6. Facial recognition: very cool way to unlock your phone. I love it!7. At the bottom of many screens, you will have three vertical 'periods' just like ... except vertical. Hitting this opens up your 'menu'. I like this and is quick and easy to get to application settings wherever you go.8. The unlock screen is cool, and I like how you can drag an icon into the unlock circle and it will open your phone and launch that application. You also have your choice of several unlock screens (you can have a clock showing, stocks, weather, etc...).CONS:1. Power button location: it is still on the top of the phone. Wow, it's a pain to get to, especially with a case on. I like how Samsung has their power button on the side where it's easy to turn on and off with your thumb.2. Battery life: I'm surprised to hear so many people raving about battery life. I unplugged my phone at 6:30am and by 2:30pm I had to plug it in with 14% battery left. I made about 30 mins of phone calls, did some light internet, listened to Pandora for about 30 mins, and just navigated around my phone for about an hour or so. Screen is set to maximum brightness (again, yes I know I can turn it down to save battery, but I hate dim screens and what's the point of this great screen if you don't get to see it???, plus I just want to see what this battery can do), and only have 3G and Bluetooth enabled. All other items are disabled. I'm hoping the battery will get better after it has been through a few charging cycles. As of now, I'm really disappointed in battery life. With this light of activity, I should be able to go all day/evening, and with my old EVO, I was able to go till about 10pm at night no problem.3. Front camera: HORRIBLE! It takes really bad photos. The samsung Galaxy S2 takes WAY better photos with the front camera. I don't care too much since I don't use it that much, but still...after all the hype I was really hoping for a kick butt camera all the way around.4. Back button: they moved the 'back' button from the bottom right to the bottom left. It's the button that I use the most at the bottom of the phone, and now it is located the furthest away from my thumb!5. No more 'search' button: they got rid of it, and instead you have the button that brings up all open apps. As one other reviewer said, you used to be able to get to that simply by holding the 'home' key down. I miss having my search button and especially long pressing it to bring up the google voice command prompt.6. I am 5'9 and have decent sized hands. I like the size of the phone, especially how slim it is, but the size is just large enough that it is precarious at times to use it with one hand. I have almost dropped it a few times trying to 'one hand navigate' my phone. This isn't really a 'con' and I am not marking down the phone's grade by the size, as I knew what size it was before I ordered it so it shouldn't get dinged for that. I'm just making you aware of it. If I had my wish, it would be 4.5", just like the Galaxy S2...that phone seems to be the perfect size (I know, some of you are saying "just go buy the darn Galaxy II since you love it so much! :) I'm not attached, just calling out the good and bad points as I see it so you can have a real comparison.)7. LAG! As some other site reviews have mentioned, I am also experiencing lag in certain areas of the phone. Mostly, it is when I'm in the app drawer browsing all of my apps and swiping side to side to go from screen to screen. Also, when scrolling through photos, there's definitely lag. It doesn't scroll smoothly. When clicking on the 'app switch' icon on the bottom right of the phone and switching to another app, many times the app will come up, the screen will go black, and the app will have to be reloaded. This does not happen all the time, but frequently. I'm not sure this falls under 'lag' but it is annoying.Miscellaneous thoughts, not big enough to be a pro or con:1. Beats audio is just 'okay'. I have decent headphones, and I don't notice that much difference. Maybe if I had Beats headphones? This is certainly something I was looking forward to, but now find it really isn't that big of a deal.2. Charging port on the side: I don't like this. I like the charging port on the bottom. With it on the side, it makes it harder to use or move the phone when it is charging in my car(I don't drive and text/talk, I have Ford Sync) or next to my bed since you have this chord sticking out of the side. Pain in the rear.4. Keep in mind they say 16gb of memory, but you really only get access to 10gb of that. Plus, when you put in an additional SD card, it places it as a sub-SD memory (if that makes sense) since it already has the 10gb of internal memory that it gives you, and I have yet to find a way for my applications to read from the extra SD card slot, since it is located 'under' the internal memory. I backed up my applications to the SD card from my old phone, and when I go to restore on my new phone, the applications can't find the backup file. I just need to keep playing with it. EXAMPLE of the file path to your external memory card: /sdcard/ext_sd  Now, this means that all items on your SD card are now in the subfolder of sdcard...get my meaning? The phone's internal memory is the 'sdcard' folder.5. Taking self-portrait photos with the front camera: The phone is just large enough and the on screen camera and physical camera buttons are located such that it is VERY hard to take one-handed self-photos with this phone! I've learned that turning the phone upside down may be about the only way to do this and reach the shutter button with a thumb and not drop the phone! Good luck!6. I can't stand how when you go to your photo gallery, your newest photos are always at the very bottom of the list...I have to always scroll way down to see my recent photos. They need to put a 'sort' feature at the top so that you can choose to view by size or date, etc...7. I wish they would have added more color options to the LED notification. It only has red/green/yellow. I would prefer to add blue for text notifications, etc... Samsung has this.8. Phone dialer screen: this hasn't really changed from the last EVO, but my gripe is how when you hit the 'key pad' button, the keypad screen goes over the mute and speakerphone buttons. This sucks for me as I'm always on conference calls with my phone, and I need to be able to enter keys and also quickly mute or put on the speakerphone, or when calling some customer service number, and they want you to enter keys, and then when the rep gets on you have to scramble to close the keypad screen in order to unmute or put on/off the speaker. I hate to make another Samsung comparison, but when you click their 'dial pad' icon, the dial pad slides up the screen, keeping the mute/speaker buttons available to you. Small annoyance, but to me is just poor design and bad usability.9. Kickstand: some people wonder about the kickstand and if they'll use it. I use mine everyday and night. At night, it's on the nightstand next to my bed, with a digital clock showing and playing rain or ocean sounds to help me fall asleep (I use Lightning Bug). I like being able to look over at it and see the time. Also, sometimes when working out or taking a shower, I put it on the table and near a wall, and being propped up with the back towards the wall helps the speakerphone bounce against the wall and makes it louder. Unlike the HDMI micro port that my old EVO came with, people actually use this feature! :)10. When you get a calendar reminder notification to your lock screen (if your phone was off), you get two choices: dismiss or reminder. When choosing dismiss, it still takes your phone to the calendar appointment. This is a pain since I have my work email synched to my phone and I have a lot of work meetings, so the reminders are nice, but I hate having to close my calendar even after dismissing.I will update this review in a week, after I've charged the battery at least 10 times. Hopefully it will improve. Hopefully this helps you in your decision at least a bit. With all the reviews online, it's hard! I'm sorry to make so many comparisons to the Samsung, but it's the nearest competitor that I had access to since my other family members just got it. I don't think you can go wrong with this phone or the S3.**Update on battery 1 day later - I set my screen at 'auto adjust' instead of maximum brightness today. I used my phone (very lightly) from 7am till 6pm and I have about 28% left... not bad at all. Not GREAT considering this phone is supposed to have the 2000mah battery and I really miss having that nice,  bright screen all the time.

On the surface, this phone is well worth the price out of the box (as is the case for my wife), but me being the techy I am I couldn't wait to root and install a custom ROM on this phone.  I have a 64gb memory card installed, movies, music and comic books (nerd paradise). I am also able to use my IP sniffer, as well as a cadre of networking tools from this phone.  I was able to shoot, edit and add music (all on the phone) on video complete with titling sequence. The addition of an HDMI cabling further add value to this device. I know there are those who will compare this to the Samsung Galaxy S3, but if you're going to do that, really do a side by side comparison (or end up paying a restock fee, lol).  This phone is great...funny, I haven't even mentioned the phone functions yet. Excellent call quality and this is all still on a 3G network (4G to be installed in 1st/2nd quarter of 2013). Video calling is great with the software correct feature. I LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!

Cant stand this device. I switched from the original evo to this and I regret it. Doesnt connect to bluetooth, drops calls, keyboard doesnt come up when I click a window to type, resets itself, is super slow, screen flashes and wont unlock, and home screen takes 30 seconds to load. I have only a few apps like weatherbug, radar and a few games. Ever since I got this phone it had issues, and I keep it very clean. I keep the internet history cleared, call log, text messages, photos, videos get erased to keep from eating up space. After all software updates and hard restarts on the phone with sprint, they are sending me out a samsung. She said the HTC LTE is on back order, so many people have issues with the phone.

I upgraded from an EVO Shift in June.  I upgraded mainly to get the 4g lte service at work in Kansas City, MO since I could never get 4g Wimax at work.  Initially, the service at work was worse, but improved once Sprint lit up the 4g service.  I am  still getting 3g service at work, but it has improved, though still not 4g.  The 4g service in Kansas, where I live, is sporadic, but fantastic when it works! However, I still typically turn on WiFi at home to conserve battery life.The phone itself is great!  Amazingly light, and I love the gorilla glass, which is resistant to scratches. No screen protector is required.  The screen is beautiful! The 8 megapixel camera is outstanding and the front-facing camera is adequate for Skyping. The phone is much faster than my EVO Shift and I love the Ice Cream Sandwich operating system. I was really reluctant to give up my Qwerty keyboard on my EVO Shift, but it really is no big deal.  The kickstand is great when I want to watch Netflix, YouTube videos or listen to music.  Battery life is somewhat better than with my EVO Shift, but not as great as advertised.HIGHLIGHTS: Speed, Gorilla Glass, Beautiful screen (even in daylight), light weight, 4g service when it works, Sprint unlimited family plan allows me not to worry about limits on data and minutes. Since the battery is built-in, no need to have to open the back, take out the battery, and reboot as I occasionally had to do with my EVO Shift. Instant Access button to the camera.CONS: Battery life could be better. Not easy to put in a Micro SD card. Sprint 4g Service is sporadic in Kansas City depending upon where you live or work. On/off and volume control buttons could be improved.WOULD LIKE: Quicker upgrades from Sprint & HTC. I just got the HTC Sense 4.1 upgrade, but still no JellybeanSUMMARY: I am happy I upgraded from my EVO Shift. I highly recommend this phone!

Does everything, plus a whole lot more than I expected it to do (except the housework, lol)!  Sooooo many features!

Was looking to replace my Samsung Epic 4G which I had owned for nearly two years. Narrowed my list of choices down to the HTC EVO 4G LTE and the Samsung Galaxy S3. Elected to go with the EVO because it got a better write up from experts and users alike when compared to the Galaxy S3. Delighted I did because the EVOs performance has been nothing less than impressive. Outstanding graphics resolution and blazing processing speeds set this phone apart from it's closest rivals. The beats audio allows the phone to act as it's own equalizer enhancing certain frequencies and sounds and suppressing others so you're left with a very rich, concert-like sound rather than something that has been muddled together in the recording studio.This is an addenum to my original review for the HTC EVO 4G LTE.Within recent days I have noticed a loss of 3G connectivity while accessing the internet as many have reported.  This is NOT unique to the EVO 4G LTE since I experienced the same problem with my Samsung Epic.  Believe the problem is network related due to overcrowding on the two frequency bands that Sprint operates their network on.  Would anticipate this issue to be resolved when 4G LTE becomes available within the next couple of years.Something I feel is noteworthy is that many smartphones with a few exceptions function 100% perfectly right out of the box.  Every phone has it's quirks which usually get resolved through firmware and other software updates.Some of the more serious problems get resolved first and usually the rule of thumb is the longer you own your phone the more trouble free it will become.  Some of the other issues that many have shared I personally haven't had any similar experiences so I really can't comment on the only advice I can give is if you're thoroughly satisfied with the troubleshooting you have performed yourself and through Sprint then exchange your phone or consider buying another model if that option is available.  When the original EVO 4G was first released many customers had to return and exchange them due to a bad batch of phones from HTC which were related to defective soldering on the units.

I just upgraded last week from the original Evo 4G and I am very happy so far. ICS is fantastic and is a big step up from Gingerbread (the lock screen, grouping app icons, widget resizing, etc). I don't want to spend too long writing this so I just wanted to point out one thing I absolutely love about this phone compared to the original that nobody has mentioned anywhere I have looked - the kickstand! While the kickstand on the original was good, this one is GREAT! Why? Because it works in 3 different ways - you can lean your phone on it on either side or on the bottom. I was relly disappointed when I originally thought that the connection for the charger was on the side you had to lean it on because you couldn't use the kickstand while charging but then I realized the versatility of the stand! Hopefully this is helpful to others who have yet to realize this as well.EDITI have now had this phone for a few months and it is easily the worst phone I have ever used. Every day I would find a new bug and other bugs would become more and more prevalent. The battery life is brutal because the software is so buggy - sometimes I lose a full charge in under 4 hours without ever using my phone - there is no excuse for that.  I have only had it for a few months (HTC Evo 4G LTE) and the software has more bugs every day to the point where I can't stand using it any more. I was told there would be a Jelly Bean upgrade coming but a friend of mine got his 3 weeks ago and I can't wait any more. It would literally take me an hour to list all the bugs but the most annoying problems are:1. The phone freezes when unlocking more than 50% of the time. I have to hold the power button and reset the phone to get it working again.2. It sends and receives every text message anywhere between 3 and 6 times. Everyone complains they get my texts multiple times and I get theirs multiple times as well.3. When I am connected on a call and I try to do something else (look at a contact's phone number or anything else), the screen turns off every time as soon as I touch it. This means my phone is unusable until the person on the other end hangs up. I called a customer service number for another company a few weeks ago and they failed to disconnect me so I had to wait for the battery on the phone to die and charge it again before I could even use it.Do yourself a favor and avoid this phone.

My main concern before buying this was battery life. I was just on a 12 minute phone call with the screen on, with speakerphone, and the battery only went down one percent. It has amazing standby times and the phone is extremely fast and fluid. The phone is way thinner than its predecessors and is lighter than the iPhone too.Sprint's network works in my area really well.

This phone is great.  If you can purchase the phone from anyone other than SPRINT, then do so.  SPRINT customer service sucks.  If you have a problem, SPRINT's customer service will compound the problem 20x.  I warn you to stay away from SPRINT!!!

Recently, I renewed my Sprint contract and upgraded my phone through Amazon Wireless (great deal!) from an Evo 4G to the Evo 4G LTE. The Evo 4G LTE is an awesome phone! The only reason I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 are because of a couple of design changes from the Evo 4G that in my opinion are not improvements. I'll list the pros and cons of the phone, but nothing in the cons is a major deal breaker. I really do love this phone, and think if HTC would revert a couple of the design changes back to the way they were on the Evo 4G, then it would be the perfect phone.PROS: 1. Very fast, even though my area hasn't received the 4G LTE service yet. Can't wait for that!2. Beautiful display3. The camera is very good, with almost no shutter lag.4. Dedicated shutter button for main camera. Makes it easy to hold phone steady with both hands and still snap pictures.5. Amazing battery life. I'm getting a day and a half per charge with moderate usage. The battery life seemed to improve after a few charge cycles6. Great design (Love the red trim!), and seems to be well built and feels good in the hand.7. Loaded with extra features. Beats audio, etc.8. No longer have to remove battery to access removable memory card.CONS: 1. No replaceable battery. Even with the improved battery life, it's much more convenient to swap batteries than to be tethered to a charging cord, especially considering CON #2.2. HTC moved the Micro USB plug from the bottom to the left hand side, right where your fingers are when you're holding the phone. Makes it very awkward to hold the phone while charging.Please HTC, on the next version, move it back to the bottom out of the way!3. No mini HDMI any longer. This isn't that big of deal for PC's or laptops, you can use the included USB data cable in place of HDMI, but after purchasing 2 mini HDMI to HDMI cables touse on my TV's, now I have to buy 2 more cables.4. Speakerphone not as loud as on the Evo 4G, but still pretty clear and fairly easy to hear, especially if you turn the phone around, since the speaker is on the bottom of the back5. QuikOffice software no longer included. This isn't really a con if you download the free DropBox software they are promoting, as it includes Polaris Office. I even got the free upgradeto 25GB of storage by following their instructions.6. No massage app. or automatic back scratcher. (just kidding)All in all, I'm very impressed with the Evo 4G LTE, and I hope HTC fixes the minor design flaws on the next version. In 2 years, I will be ready for my perfect phone!

I purchased 2 of these phones for my wife and I.  Hers works fine but mine keeps misbehaving.  I lost my data connection for a day, while she retained hers.  Now I keep getting a warning that I've lost the data connection when I haven't.One day it took me a half hour to get it to turn on.  Then I lost the ability to make or receive calls another day.  Sprint deactivated and reactivated the phone and now it working again, although I've pretty much lost confidence in it.I may have to consider another phone.

this is the best phone i have ever had i love the beats audio but sadly it runs down the battery but who cares because it charges really fast and it has a huge screen i used to have an iphone 4s but i wanted to trade up so? if you want to buy a phone from sprint you should choose this one!

I Read A Bunch Of Reviews On This Phone Before Getting It And It Is A Great Phone.  No problems With The Apps Force Closing And The Pics Are Amazing.  My Favorite Is Being Able To Take Photos During Video Recording And The Slow Motion Video.

Do not buy this Phone.  It is loaded with problems.  Looks and feels great but just does not work!  I'll stick with my old evo 4g!

I am a heavy smartphone user and use my phone for business, games, watching Netflix, and photos and video.  My previous phone was the EVO 4G which was great at the time it came out.  But, with new technologies, the phone was too slow to keep up.  Enter the HTC EVO 4G LTE.I chose the white version with brushed aluminum trim. This phone is everything I ever hoped for.  Besides being beautiful, thin and light, it is super speedy, easy to use and works well in all mediums.  My test drive included set up of phone, transfer of contacts, video, still photos while video recording, Skype use, games, downloading apps, battery life, music listening, and managing Facebook and Dropbox accounts on the fly.My results are;Transferring contacts and setup - I have never had a phone set up this easily. I signed in to my accounts (Kindle, Kobo, GMail) and they synched instantly. Transferring contacts, pictures and other content was as simple as pairing the 4G LTE with my old phone via bluetooth and Viola! everything transferred.  Pictures, music, voice recorded notes, voicemail saved, Everything.Downloading and installing apps - After signing in to Google Play, I just chose the apps I wanted installed and clicked install.  I did not have to wait for one to finish, I selected all I wanted to install and the installation was seamless. The same process worked with my Amazon app store apps. This phone multi-tasks like a dream.Video and photo - The camera is a make or break deal in my smartphone purchases. If the camera is not great, I won't buy it. The EVO 4G LTE excels in the camera area.  The video is crystal clear and easy to use. You can take rapid still shots while in video mode and both the stills and video are crisp. Taking the stills is as simple as lightly touching the on-screen button as fast as you need. I have no use for a digital point and shoot, this phone completely replaces it. If you take a lot of photos with your phone, this is the phone for you.Skype - Video calling is crisp and clear on this phone. You can see and hear well without stuttering unless you move around a lot.Games - Angry Birds Star Wars, Bad Piggies and Solitare all played smoothly with no errors and paused when calls came in.Music - Ah, music. Accessing and playing music is a dream on this phone. The music plays well through the speakers or bluetooth headphones.  Beats Audio produces excellent sound and the battery life makes using this as a music player practical.Facebook and Dropbox integration - The free Dropbox account synchs your photos automatically and is great for backing up your pics. Facebook picks up easily when you sign in and there is now a page manager that lets you post and respond on your business pages.Battery life - Battery life on the EVO 4G LTE is great. It lasted through an entire day (9 am to midnight) of music listening, phone talk time, Angry Birds and checking FB and GMail. All while connected to my bluetooth headphones. During this test, I ran the music anytime I was not talking or playing games.  The only function that uses excessive battery power is video calling.  I would say we have a winner.

As a very happy EVO 4G owner, I was so excited to get my hands on the next generation of HTC EVO. After about a month, I'm sorry to say that this phone is HORRIBLE compared to its predecessor.Let's begin with the biggest issue: Google Navigation does not work. When I open Navigation, it freezes and crashes within a minute. I've tried everything to fix the problem and nothing works. I've done extensive research on the internet and found that this problem has existed since December for a good portion of HTC EVO LTE owners. As far as I can tell, there is no fix. HTC is not working on the problem. Google doesn't seem to be working on it.Navigation is one of the most basic functions of a smartphone, and it simply doesn't work on this phone. I've downloaded a 3rd party nav app, but that's not really an acceptable work around since I can't navigate straight from an address on a website or even using voice commands.Secondly, the stock browser is very poor. While in the browser, the notification bar keeps popping down over and over, but there are no notifications. Typing in text fields in the browser is very frustrating because the Swype keyboard starts acting very erratic, making all kinds of corrections, jumping all over the place... it's maddening. The only fix is to download Firefox or Chrome.I've also had issues with apps like Angry Birds and Calculator crashing.If you're in the market for a "top of the line" smartphone that has a useless browser, non-functioning navigation, and apps that occasionally just crash for no reason, this is your phone.I MUST ADD: The reason all of this is so frustrating is because this is a BEAUTIFUL phone with a fast processor, great display, and a GREAT camera. Why make such an incredible piece of hardware and then sell it with STUPID software issues? These are issues that should be EASILY resolved. Until then, I would recommend no one make the mistake of buying this phone like I did.******** ADDED 10/24/13 ********OK, so most of the problems have been resolved by this point. I'm still pretty unhappy about having to go like 6 months without functioning navigation, but whatever.All in all, this is a pretty good phone. I'm not sure in hindsight that I would have made the same choice, but at least things have gotten a lot better.

First, I own my own computer business so here is my input! this phone is the best phone I've put my hands on and the only reason I don't give it 10 stars is the simple fact, HTC says that you can't replace the battery because this phone is a totally sealed phone, NO IT'S NOT! I tried to show how it's easily done so HTC refused to post my comment in which I'm really upset over because this phone has a lot more potential than just your everyday phone! Here is the post they refused to show! [...] When your battery is dead you either toss it, piece it out or trade it in then they will replace the battery and resell it, really nice and that is my opinion! That's right forget about using it as a tablet, phone or even a mp3 player, it's over! People easily spend much more for a mp3 player than what they offer for a trade in! Maybe you don't care and maybe you have all the money in the world, but most of us don't! One other issue that plagues the HTC forum is, there's a update that has put a real hurting on your battery life and they don't seem to resolve the issue, hmmmm!!! Sounds like these issues go hand in hand, but that's my opinion also, so by all means look for yourself! On the up side they say you can install a micro sd card up to 32GB, but I installed a 64GB A Sandisk Mobile Ultra (UHS Speed Class 1) Class 10 card which is a lot faster and larger than told, because anything above 32GB changes format from a Fat32 to a exFat so I reformatted this card to a Fat32 and now I own 64GB of storage, because HTC doesn't support the better format! Don't forget this phone isn't running the full version of Windows 7 not that it couldn't! 4.7-inch HD display, 1.5 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 dual-core processor, 8MP rear and a 1.3 front facing camera, Yes this is correct = (Next-generation Bluetooth 4.0 not 3.0 as listed) connectivity backward compatible with older Bluetooth-enabled peripherals and includes stereo audio streaming.(NFC) Near field communication is a set of standards for smartphones and similar devices to establish radio communication with each other by touching them together or bringing them into close proximity, usually no more than a few centimetres. Present and anticipated applications include contactless transactions, data exchange, and simplified setup of more complex communications such as Wi-Fi.Communication is also possible between an NFC device and an unpowered NFC! NFC standards cover communications protocols and data exchange formats, and are based on existing radio-frequency identification (RFID) standards including ISO/IEC 14443 and FeliCa. The standards include ISO/IEC 18092 and those defined by the NFC Forum, which was founded in 2004 by Nokia, Philips and Sony, and now has more than 160 members. The Forum also promotes NFC and certifies device compliance makes this the ultimate mini tablet you could ever want, but my opinion is that the phone is so well built that it would out last many batteries so that would just be bad marketing wouldn't it?

I purchased the HTC EVO 4G LTE at BestBuy on Thursday June 7. It appeared to be working in the store with a good signal, although the BestBuy tech never had me make a test call. After bringing it home and giving it a full charge, I proceeded to play around with it (my first touch screen mobile, YEAH!) as well as personalize it, mostly though to just get used to it. As I was doing that, I noticed that the signal was fluctuating widely from no bars to one bar, no 3G indicator, and it did not depend on where I held it, position in my home, the signal never improved.  I hooked it up to my home Wi-Fi thinking that might help.  Nothing!  I should point out that I am in NO WAY as technically experienced as some of the posters, so bare with me. I was getting messages about missed calls, however the phone never once rang. I finally made that test call to my home land line and it went straight to voice mail never ringing my home phone. I was also constantly getting messages that my phone was roaming, even though my Sprint plan covers me no matter where I am, i.e. no roaming. Of course you have to "dismiss" these messages before you can carry on, but even after I would dismiss them, they would pop right back up. On Friday, June 8, I spent the better part of two hours on my land line phone with Sprint customer service. It was apparent that this rep was not entirely up to snuff about this phone. She was constantly telling me to push the "menu" button on the bottom of my phone (hard screen). I had to tell her several times that the only three buttons available were the back, home and apps buttons. She seemed very confused about this. Once we muddled through all of this, she was finally able to reset my phone. Then she instructed me to select the "wireless"  option in another menu, in this case I figured out that she meant the "network" option after again telling her several times there was no wireless option. Then we tried 3 times to connect to the network. Finally on the 4th try she indicated that she showed a connection. Again, after the connection there were the constant roaming alerts.  She tried to call the phone...nothing. Finally she just basically threw up her hands, gave me a repair ticket number and told me to take it back to BestBuy.  I did that on Saturday June 9. I was carefully watching the phone signal after I got on the Interstate and the signal again was between no bars and 1 bar and sporadic 3G. It wasn't until I got a few blocks from the BestBuy that full signal/3G came on. Of course, once I got into the BestBuy store (I must admit I was a little irritated with the whole process by now) they looked at me like I had two heads. The first tech, by all indications did not believe one word I was saying, telling me my home location was not covered (I can see a cell tower from my home and I'm not far from the Interstate AND my Sprint BlackBerry did work as well as my husbands Sprint mobile). I asked him to check Sprints coverage area on-line and he finally had to agree that I should be covered at home. Fortunately, another tech over heard me (yep, I was getting just a little bit upset) and quickly Googled the HTC EVO 4G LTE. The second tech said yes there WAS a big problem with connectivity!  BestBuy had not yet received that feedback in store.  After that, I must say that BestBuy did me right!  They gave me several options, one, I could wait for a hardware/software update (not acceptable since they could not tell me when) or they would refund/reverse the activation and offer me another phone. I choose the latter.  BestBuy refunded to me everything I purchased, the phone, screen protector, case, car charger, and SD card etc. However the only comparable phone they could offer me at this time was Samsung Galaxy S ll. I was told that the Samsung Galaxy S lll will be out in two-three weeks.  I have opted for the latter and have one reserved. In the meantime they reactivated my old BlackBerry and gave me the $50 gift card that I had already used towards the purchase of the HTC EVO 4G LTE. Mind you the gift card was given to me in the first place because I purchased the HTC  and there is, at least at this time no such deal in place for the Samsung. The gift card can be used on any store purchase and I'm sure if the same offer is given when the Samsung becomes available, I will get that too. Right now, I highly recommend BestBuy, for several reasons. My step-son had the first HTC EVO, bought from the Sprint Store and his screen cracked. Even though he had "insurance", the Sprint Store informed him that the screen was not covered. I questioned BestBuy about "their" insurance, @$9.99 a month and they assured me that everything, including the screen was covered with the only exception being if I "lost" the phone. Plus if your phone needs repair, it is much faster then using Sprint. BestBuy will also give you a loaner phone for a $50 refundable deposit, Sprint, not so much.  Also, since these are android phones, there are free apps available through GoogleStore that you can download to your phone and find your phone if it IS lost on your PC. This is not unique to BestBuy, but it was BestBuy who told me this, not Sprint. Finally, I don't work for BestBuy or Sprint, in fact I am retired.  However after this experience dealing with both BestBuy and Sprint, BestBuy was far more helpful and their insurance is much better then what Sprint provides.

I really like the camera on my old HTC  this one is not the same all else is great much lighter and clearer.

I can't 100% give a review on this phone as I bought it for my step-daughter and she's in FL.  Although she's really happy with it.  I did play with the phone a bit before I sent it to her, putting apps on it and such.  This was the first HTC phone I've ever interacted with and I was impressed.  The phone was really responsive and the display very clear.  The camera took descent photos as well.  It was very comparable to my Galaxy S2.

Big disappointment after being very happy with the original Evo4G. PLEASE READ UPDATE AT BOTTOM.The battery life is MUCH better and the camera and big screen are nice, but otherwise it is a very disappointing phone.Unstable operating system, very poor 3G speed, 3G frequently loses connection requiring reboot, no 4G networks available, the only way to access Soundhound is by going through the HTC music application, generally frustrating phone. I wish I bought the S3 instead and lost any favor for HTC and have lost respect for Sprint for releasing an product before their network is ready and the bugs are worked out of the product, consequently offering inferior performance, but still think they provide the best customer service.UPDATEI actually got  the Samsung S3 and I  must admit, I  think the HTC Evo 4G LTE was a better phone. I think most of the issues were due to Sprints network being upgraded and some software issues the HTC  had regarding that. HTC  has a much better interface though, the camera was amazing  and, overall,  if I could have just had a more consistent connection with it, it would have been the better phone.  I really don't like my S3. I guess it is just a rough time to have Sprint.

I chose this rating because the phone offers all of the futures I needed/desired and it is easy to navigate.

Love the features but they just don't always work in my area.  The voice quality is poor compared to my LG Optimus, especially at my house.  I have to go outside to talk on the phone, very bad

I upgraded my LG Optimus S to this phone and it was the best choice! The screen is huge..especially if you're used to a small screen. The phone is thin so I recommend getting a phone case.My pros: can change the font, set your own ringtone, take screen shots, watch Netflix on it (or any tv shows on the internet app), add your own music (with a memory card), takes great pictures, great battery life if you set it to power saver, calendar, calculator, games, driving directions app, lots of memory on the phone, beats sound system when you use headphones...My cons: sometimes when I'm in the middle of typing a text, it exits out of the text and goes to the home screen and says the message was saved as a draft. Not a big deal, but can be annoying if you're in a hurry.All-in-all, this phone is amazing and definitely worth the money! I probably won't be upgrading my phone when it's time. This is so far my favorite phone from Sprint!

Before addressing the hardware and functionality of this phone, some reminders about the major factors that will contribute to your smart phone user experience:(1) the hardware...the phone itself(2) operating system software(3) installed applications(4) the network (overall, and where you happen to be using the phone at a particular time)(5) the service provider.Serial dependencies come from these factors, as many phones are tied to specific operating systems or service providers.Just remember that even if you make a great phone choice, deficiencies in the other areas can still diminish your overall user experience.Make your move to your next (or first) smart phone only after researching these choices. Which provider? Which mobile operating system? Who offers the best service, or the best combination of value and service? The rest of this review assumes you've already figured out why a phone with the Android operating system might be a better choice for you than an iPhone, a Blackberry or a Windows-based smart phone solution.Every provider --including Sprint-- has a variety of pricing options. If you're a Sprint customer with two years on your current hardware and are ready to re-up: many phones are available at a deep discount (and Amazon's pricing for this model was better than Sprints by about ninety nine dollars...so comparison shop).The HTC EVO LTE 4G phone is thinner and lighter (a full ounce lighter) than its EVO 4G predecessor. The user interface has changed slightly: three soft keys now populate the bottom of the display (down from four on the earlier model). The current Android "Ice Cream Sandwich" interface has slightly changed the method for placing/removing apps from the scrolling home pages. If you are new to smart phones, you'll have one learning curve, but even if you're upgrading from an earlier model/operating system version, you can still expect to learn some new phone-human interface tricks. Otherwise, most of the interface features will be familiar.This phone accommodates a microSD storage device (up to 32GB capacity). The install slot for this us under the top rear cover, which --unlike the EVO 4G-- does not have an obvious "pry point" for removing the cover. Work around the USB/charging port with a thin, flat tool and the cover will snap right off. The separate HDMI port present on the EVO 4G has left the 4G LTE, leaving this phone with just two ports: the USB/charging port (on the side) and a standard aux output. In addition to an on/off button (top), volume controls (right side), there is now a physical camera button on the lower right side of the phone.Video capture is in the .mp4 format, and was crisp and clear even in dim lighting. The 4G LTE has two cameras: one full 1080p HD, the other a front facing 1.3 MP camera. Still images..which can be captured even as the HD is recording are also crisp and clear.In addition to the OS interface changes, the "kickstand" for this 'Droid has been repositioned more towards the center of the phone's back.Finally, even though Sprint has an activation web site for phones you purchase outside of a Sprint store, you will have to call a toll free number to complete activation if you have more than one phone on a shared data plan. While the call center's hours are long, they are NOT 24/7, so re-think activating the new phone as a project for a sleepless night:-)

Love it, so far no problems.  Takes great pictures, screen is larger and clearer, easy to use.  Give it a try

Well I had the original evo and I loved it so I couldn't wait to get this one. I was partial to the back of the phone but its cool besides I got a case for it and the phone is thinner than the original.  I love this phone and all the features. I love the updated HTC music player it looked like there was more thought put into it it does need a little more tweaking for better navigation but its good. I love how easy it is to go back to recent apps I also love the new camera functions. I also love the skins I hope they add more. Overall it was a well thought out device. ICS and sense work very nicely together.  The screen is big, beautiful and vibrant. Oh and the dedicated camera button and kickstand are an awesome plus. The power button is easier to press than on the original. I do dislike the fact that they got rid of the search button and I also wish that merging calls was a little easier but that's an HTC thing not an evo thing and taking screenshots is cool. Btw I don't care if my phone talks back to me google search works great when making  notes, sends emails and texts and various other commands.

After having this phone for 6 months, I have given it up and purchased a samsung galaxy note 2.The Phone has really really bad battery life (had to send mine into airplane mode in order for it to be enjoyed...with music only. Battery life is about 10% per every 45 minutes without airplane modeThe Phone feels like it was made out of very cheap plastic, mine was bent in half while still in a protective case.This phone was just one headache over another..I would not recommend it.

The phone itself is pretty good.  Be aware however, the battery is internal and you can't change it out yourself. Big bucks for Sprint! It does not come with an SD card and only a wall charger, so there are a lot of accessories you will need to purchase to get your phone to work at it's best. Also, Buy this phone from Amazon or Best Buy, if you decide to buy it.  Sprint will not price match or Guarantee their price.  I just bought this phone 4 days ago at the Sprint store for $200.  They don't treat their customers well. Their response was smug and basically telling me I'm stupid for buying from them. Think twice about dealing with them.

Why Apple tried to keep this phone from getting into the publics hand.  This phone is simply amazing and a joy to use.  It is simple to use like the iPhone but with so much more horsepower under the hood and the flexibility of the Sense UI is great.  I was going to get an iPhone to replace my Photon because i wanted a phone that just worked without some of the headaches of Android even though i enjoy the flexibility of it.  I remembered how much i enjoyed the original EVO but i did not care for the battery.  I just got through 36 hrs with 30% of juice left after moderate use.  ICS and this phone seem like they were meant for one another.  I honestly like Apple products because they make quality products that just work but if every iPhone user spent a day with this new EVO i think they would get one if they were due an upgrade.On a side note, I don't have 4g speeds where i live but for some reason the internet with 3g is a lot faster than with any other phone.I'm so impressed with phone that I am going to get this phone for my wife when they become available after the pre-order phase.

So the new EVO has this fancy high power long lasting internal battery. It is also tempermental e.g. if you use any other charger than the specific HTC one for this model the incompatible charger error message will flash and your phone will start cycling on and off by itself. Then,it will not come back on. Solid Brick, does not recognize USB cable, will not turn on, does not recognize correct charger. Be very very careful. Google "HTC EVO 4G LTE brick" and look at all the issues. Horrible only had the phone 6 weeks.

Pros:-The battery life is good if you turn off the 4G lte antenna. I'm in a location that doesn't have this available yet.-The screen is beautiful.-The phone is faster than the original EVO, but I don't notice any huge difference.-I've had 0 problems with the phone crashing/resetting after a couple of months.-The button on the side for the camera is a nice touch.-It was incredibly easy to transfer all my information from my previous EVO, almost like I never switched phones.-The structural design is smarter, when you set it down it doesn't scratch the hell out of the camera lens like the last one did.Cons:-The multi tasking is terrible, want to reload the web page you were just looking at two seconds ago because you sent a text message? This is a common problem for me for almost any application and is incredibly irritating.-The 3G antenna is sub par in my experience. In places that I get 5 bars of cell service I constantly have data connection issues and am unable to load up the simplest things.-Can't change the battery out so if you're away for a long period of time you'll need to bring your charger.All in all it's an ok phone, but I don't feel it is worth the price I paid for it.

Having previously owned the original EVO 4G and having regular access to the EVO 3D (owned by the boyfriend), I can safely say that while HTC's previous versions in the EVO series have all been exceptional devices, HTC really hits it out of the park with the EVO 4G LTE. It has so far managed to be everything this gadget geek has long dreamed of (within the laws of physics of course) and more.To preface my actual detailed review, I would like to expound upon the degree of use my phone undertakes on a daily basis. It's my dedicated work computer and music device. I commute to different locations, some taking about 50 minutes one way during which I stream music from my Amazon MP3 cloud as opposed to just playing files off the device. At work, I am constantly getting in and out of vehicles with my phone stowed in my back pocket and am constantly removing it to input data that requires loading multiple html pages every few minutes as well as taking/making work calls. I also occasionally stream YouTube videos and frequently browse the web and check email. I currently live and work in an area where Sprint has not yet implemented 4G LTE. That means that I only have access to 3G coverage.The top reasons this phone makes my job and my life easier:It's fast!: Data speed was my primary concern in upgrading to the EVO 4G LTE before our city gains access to LTE. I am very pleased to say that despite currently only having access to 3G on this device, it loads webpages and streams videos faster than my old EVO 4G did on the regular 4G network. I'm giddy with anticipation for what it will be capable of when LTE finally comes to town.It's quality build: With the type of work that I do, my phone needs to be able to take a beating. HTC has continued to impress me with their build quality and they've taken no short cuts with this device. In fact, they have only stepped up their game by adding an external and internal metal frame, part of which you can see wrapped around the outer edge of the screen.Battery life: While I had to invest in an extra battery to charge and swap out regularly on my old EVO 4G just to make it through the work day, I can now do everything I need and want to do throughout a regular work day all on one charge and still have plenty of juice to spare at the end of the day. I can't stress enough how significant this is for anyone that fully relies on their phone to properly perform their duties at work.Operating System: Properly reviewing Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) is entirely its own beast but if you want the greatest degree of control over the functionality and performance of your phone, there is no better OS.Reception: As of yet it seems to have better reception. I have not tested this to the fullest extent possible but I can say that while previously my streaming music on my drive to and from work was interrupted in a couple different places on back roads due to no signal on my EVO 4G, I have not had the same problem with this device.Form factor: This is the thinnest EVO yet which makes its home in my back pocket a much more comfortable set up for me. And to reiterate, I still don't need to worry about snapping it in half as it's solidly built.Icing on the cake:The screen: I would venture to say that its beauty rivals even that of the Samsung Galaxy S series having just recently compared the two side by side. It has a noticeably larger, crisper and more colorful display versus the original EVO and provides even bigger virtual keys with which to enter all that data for work.Beats Audio: While the sound quality of the on-board phone speakers is of minimal concern to me personally, for those of you that do regularly enjoy music and videos out loud, this is the best audio I've ever heard on any phone... EVER. Keep in mind that it's still only phone speakers, but you can also raise the volume significantly higher than previous EVOs in order to actually hear it even in a noisy place or to actually hear the ringtone from your pocket.Camera: As far as phone camera's go, so far this function seems to be perfectly sufficient. I haven't messed with it enough nor have I gained enough experience with camera's on other phones outside of the EVO series to give a legitimate opinion but in comparison to the camera on my old EVO 4G, it appears to be more responsive and the video recording function can be immediately accessed with one touch now which is particularly convenient when attempting to capture those unexpected and hilarious YouTube worthy moments. The phone also has its own dedicated physical button on the side to instantly bypass the lock screen and access the camera function."Downside?" you ask?:The only potential negative I see to this device is the "internal" aspect of the battery. This had concerned me initially given the amount of use I regularly subject my phone to, however as stated above, I have not yet encountered the problem of running out of power before the day is over. In regards to the eventual decline of the battery's ability to hold a charge, I can happily report that unless you are fairly tech inept you can very easily crack open the device and replace the battery yourself. There are likely at least 2 dozen videos up on YouTube by this point that will show you how to do this. Thankfully, HTC does not hate on it's own customers by forcing them to take the device into a service store for a "professional" to safely access its internals (cough... Apple... cough).Also, I can't dock this device in any way for Sprint's slacking off with phasing in LTE. But for those of you that are concerned about it, you may very well have the same positive results I have with only 3G, at least until we all do finally get LTE.All in all, the HTC EVO 4G LTE is an elegantly refined and inspired device. It illustrates that HTC, as a company, has yet to succumb to laziness but rather has continued to evolve their platform and reputation for exceptional innovation and design.And the crowd roars!...

I'll make this short and skip all the features that everyone else or the description has mentioned.I previously had an EVO 4G WiMax, here's what's different:SIZE/SHAPE: Coming from an iPhone, I thought the EVO 4G was massive. This new EVO LTE is Much bigger than the old 4G. I don't like it. It's lighter than the old EVO 4G. No removable battery, so I can't swap a BIG battery into it like I could with the old EVO. The top shinny plastic part on the new phone is a finger print magnet and is ugly.UNLOCK: The only way to unlock this phone is from the top power button. The sales guy in the store said the camera button could unlock the phone, but it can't. Having to press the top power button, then move my fingers down to the unlock slider(which is like 5 inches away) is a pain. Doing this one handed.. my hand cramps just thinking about it.  The old 4G had similar issues, but it was a bit smaller. I was also able to install an app called Widget Locker that allows you to unlock the phone with the volume buttons. This feature of the app does not work on the 4G LTE, and it sounds like it's a phone problem not an app problem. I'll say this again, since it's one of my biggest gripes about this phone:***You can only wake up the phone with the power button, even with 3rd party apps. ***I hate this. I'm very tempted to return it for a Galaxy SIII to save myself from hand cramps when trying to unlock this phone one handed.MENU: Google's Nexus phone changed how buttons are laid out in ICS. Sadly, HTC followed their example. The Search and Menu buttons are gone. Instead you have a multi-task button. You can no longer just hold the home button. No menu button is frustrating, each app has it's own 3-dot icon to get into the menu settings. It is very inconsistent(each app has different icons in different locations), and probably doesn't even work in a lot of apps(Ii haven't found any yet). To get to the phone settings, you pull down the notification menu and push the settings button.  It definitly takes some getting used to. This seems like a step backward for android in general and increases fragmentation.VOICE SEARCH: The voice search shortcut button is gone. You can't add it to the home screen or the quick launch bar. There is a google search widget which has the button, but it takes up an entire 4x1 row on the screen. I don't know why this is gone, the app is installed but there is no way to launch it. Seems strange when Jelly Bean is making a big deal out of voice search. Maybe when the phone is upgraded they'll bring it back.QUICK LAUNCH: This phone uses Sense 4.0.  It now has a quick launch very similar to the iPhone. These icons also show on the unlock screen, so you can quickly jump into an app.  Deleting a shortcut from the home screen requires you to drag it to the top instead of the bottom. Every new app you download gets added to the home screen somewhere. Have fun deleting all of these after you setup your phone.CAMERA BUTTON: I suppose the camera button is nice, but I can live without it. I'd trade it for a power button. The 4GLTE is faster to get to the camera app, but you're likely to drop the phone while doing it. It's just too damn big. The new EVO only has 1 flash LED vs the old EVO's 2. The Camera button is the only button that is easy to find and push. Too bad it doesn't really do anything.KICKSTAND: The kickstand is stronger, so you can put the phone in many positions, but it's MUCH MUCH harder to pull out. I can easily flip out the old 4G kickstand(push on the hinge side) and stand it up with one hand. It is very hard to pull out the kickstand on the 4G LTE. If you don't have finger nails, you won't be able to pull it out. Period. Also, if you put the phone on the kickstand, you're either going to block the power cable port, or block the volume buttons.MICRO USB/PORTS: The cable plugs in on the side. I hate this. There's no good way to make a dock for this phone unless it's on it's side. You can access the MicroSD without pulling the battery. There is no longer a Micro HDMI port, you need an MHL adapter since it gets HDMI from the micro USB portlSTORAGE: This phone has 2GB available for internal applications. 16GB internal memory is a lie. I'm not sure what the difference between "Phone Storage" and "Internal Storage" is in the settings menu. Phone storage is 10GB, Internal Storage is 2GB. From what I understand, you can't load apps on to the SD card, so this phone may actually have LESS space than the old Evo 4g under certain situations. RAM is about 700MB according to the Used/Free menu for runnings apps. I'm not sure where the other 300MB is, kernel memory maybe?APPS: The HTC PEEP app is gone? I liked the fullscreen twitter app, but had to  find a replacement in the market. All the other Sprint crap is gone. No more QIK, Sprint TV, NASCAR, Football, or NOVA wasting space on my phone. There are a few HTC apps, but they seem to be ok. There still is a Sprint Zone.MAIL: I use the mail app excusivly and never use the Gmail app. The mail app in the new EVO is Much worse. It no longer supports pinch to Zoom, so if you get an HTML email with images, it will look horrible and require you to scroll all over the place to read it. There are also no longer any Next/Previous buttons! You have to click the menu button in the top right corner, and select "Newer"/"Older" from the menu. How did this app get so much worse?I wish HTC simply upgraded the old EVO. I liked it's size much better. Sadly, it seems all the high end phones are now gigantic. I get hand cramps just thinking about trying to wake the phone, unlock it, and put it down on the kickstand with one hand.The original EVO got better with updates. Here's hoping that HTC listens to users complaints and makes some updates.

Ever since I've owned a smart phone back in 2008 I've owned an HTC device. My first htc was the htc pro with a windows operating system. It performed terrible, but back then it was acceptable. I still liked the phone. Then I upgraded to the HTC evo 4g. With that phone my belief in HTC came back. It was by far and still is the best device I had owned. I seriously cannot think of a problem that device gave me.Then I made the mistake of upgrading to the HTC EVO 3D. The phone heated up, battery sucked, the call quality was by far the worst in any phone I had owned. Trying to get away from the EVO 3D I decided to run to the upgraded version which is the HTC EVO 4G LTE. I purchased it a full price because I wasn't eligible for a new 2 year contract. For my surprise this device performs just as poor if not even worst than my previous EVO 3D.Right after I got it, it would randomly restart(seems like updates helped on this problem) and randomly heat up (which still does). HTC sense seems to be a source huger and crashes often. A very big problem is it's blutooth functionality which is absolutely unacceptable. With a few words i will say it "it just doesn't work" seems like they have an old version or something, but they do nothing to fix it for a year already, android OS becomes very unstable when HTC ads his HTC sense skin to it. Sad enough HTC sense is the reason why I like HTC phones. But I have given up and will have to live with other interfaces such as the Galaxy S3 or the sad move to an iphone that will perform better guranteed, because HTC seems to be getting worst and worst. This is the last HTC phone I will ever buy. Do yourself a favor and avoid HTC. I gave them so many years to make themselves better and keep me and I'm sure many other people as loyal costumers, but in my case I'm out, just like many others!

Before I start the review, I'll say where I'm coming from: My last phone was a Samsung Galaxy S2, before that the original Evo, and a Palm Pre before that.The very first impression you will get from this phone is the feel and look. It's remarkably light, but stills pulls off that solid feel that you normally attribute to weight. The aluminum bezel around the edge of the phone both feels nice and looks chic. As far as the backing is concerned, the bottom rubbery half feels awesome in your hand but I really can't figure out the need for the glossy slick plastic on the top third. The camera lens is recessed, which is a great feature. The kickstand feels way more solid and functional than the ones on the previous iterations of the Evo.The phone is a bit large, and I have big hands. It's hard to put into words, but it's just a bit awkward to do some things one handed. Really my biggest problem with the size is the location of the power button on the top, which I'd of preferred to see on the side where the volume buttons are (and see them moved to the other side). You won't be able to press the power button from a typing hand position, which makes it a bit more work to shoot a quick text.Turn it on, and you will see a *pretty good* screen. In honesty it doesn't hold up to the super amoled I was accustomed to on my S2, but it's definitely a gorgeous display and it'd be hard to call it disappointing.You will then be greeted with the newest flavor of Sense...which I don't really care for. There is typically this annoying little menu bar that hangs out at the very bottom of the display (right below where your spacebar will be). I won't say I miss the 4 button android layout, as I never used the search button...but losing the menu button for the screen switching button is a real source of annoyance. Apps are way less intuitive and that bar at the bottom of the screen has infuriated me. The lock screen is neat though, although I find myself dragging the app that I currently have open into the ring to quick-open it, which re-opens the app and loses the context.I'm going to rate the speed and responsiveness as *adequate* for a device of this tier (emphasis on that last part). The device is snappy and responsive, but I do notice a slight amount of lag in scrolling sometimes that I did not see in my year old S2. But I mean, when I say lag I am being extremely picky....everything is picky, and it re-columns text very quickly after a resize (a missing feature from my S2 that I desperately missed).The camera is superb, and the camera app has a lot of neat features. Only nitpick I have about them is the difficulty to switch between main/front camera. I hear a lot of people displeased that the camera button doesn't launch the camera, but I feel that it would be annoying if it did and you couldn't turn it off...I can see it getting pressed accidentally quite frequently.The battery life has surprised and pleased me, I have no problem making it through a full day. The radio is great, I get much better service than my S2 or first gen Evo.SUMMARY--------Likes:- The phone feels great and sturdy, build quality is top notch- The screen puts holds up great against the best displays out there- Battery Life and Service are very good- Great camera loaded with featuresDislikes:- I am not a fan of the new Sense, nor of the lack of menu button- Phone might be a bit bigger than necessary and button placement could be more convenient

I am retiring this phone after two full years of excellent service.  I am a road warrior and hard on my phones.  The HTC EVO LTE proved reliable, intuitive, excellent battery life, and all around an awesome experience.  My main uses were work email, messaging, maps, internet, phone, booking travel on southwest app, kayak, controlling home theater with Onkyo app and others.  Any issues I had were Sprint network related and not the phone.

It was a tough, tough decision coming from the Samsung Galaxy S with the S3 coming out next week.  I owned the first android phone G1 made by HTC and loved the feel of that.  And I missed that feel compared to the plastic build of the Samsung.  So I broke down my decision between:1) Processor, RAM2) Camera3) ROM4) Feel and Build5) Checking out the forums after the phone was a couple of weeks old to read the complaints and issues6) GPS1) Processor, RAM - When I found out that the S3 was not going to come with the quad core, the HTC EV0 4G LTE came back into the mix.  With identical processors, I gave the edge to the S3 due to the 2GB RAM.2) Camera -  I checked Engadget and the Verge for the reviews and both gave a very slim edge to the HTC EVO camera (for a thorough review on that I recomend checking both sites).  The dedicated camera button has been handy so far and using the front facing camera to unlock the phone is pretty cool.3) ROM - I'm not a fan of the Touchwiz.  The HTC Sense has been easy to use and is a lot more configurable than the the Touchwiz.  Not sure how it's going to be in the S3, but this ended up being an edge towards the HTC Sense after using it for a few days.  Keep loving it more everyday.4) Feel and Build - My fear was that it'd be bulky and too big.  i was dead wrong.  It was thinner than my Galaxy S just a bit wider and much taller.  Feels good on the hand and feels very solid.5) Customer Reviews - If you go to the Sprint site, there are a lot of complaints.  Some were just dumbfounded, some legit, and majority were service issues with Sprint.  The fact the phone doesn't support 4G and the 4G LTE is not available yet, I was ok and can live with the 3G for now.  Not a deal breaker since I'd still have to wait if I got the S3.6) GPS - I've read that the GPS for all generations from the Galaxy S and beyond has been poorly done.  I can't tell you how much I've used the GPS and be frustrated with the inaccuracies, intermittent loss of GPS signals, and constant re-routing.  Believe or not, that was a deal breaker for me to not take the same chance with the S3.I can't wait until the 4G LTE comes to Chicago.  This phone will just enhance my experience with Android.  Hope the different view I wrote up helps.  You won't regret getting the phone.

I had the HTC Evo 4G before, and that was an amazing phone. I dropped it in water so many times that I eventually stopped worrying when it happend - it dried out just fine with the battery removed. I dropped it on the ground countless times.  (Okay, I'm clumsy.) It even survived being run over by a car at a gas station. Some kinda flattened plastic, a few deep scratches, but the screen didn't even shatter.  EVENTUALLY I was playing with my dog and the phone flew out of my pocket and landed screen first on a pointy chunk of gravel, so the screen cracked.  Phone STILL worked fine, and I got a replacement screen off of Amazon pretty cheaply, which was easy enough to replace myself. Etc etc etc, I LOVED that phone.I got this new phone (the HTC Evo 4G LTE) over a year ago.  The metal band around the edges makes the thing ridiculously slippery - I dropped it within about 5 seconds of taking it out of the box.  The metal dented, and so I immediately bought a huge, clunky rubber case for it.  The phone looks silly, but at least it's "safe".  I have been extra careful with it around water, since I can't take out the battery - so far, no accidents.As far as how well the phone works... It gets really bad service even in NYC, somehow. Sometimes it randomly restarts. Even when new, it had a bunch of random minor glitches.  It deleted my voicemails even when I pressed "9" for save (repeatedly.) It went two months without notifying me of new voicemails. It would get stuck with the ringer volume on mute, and pressing the volume up button would make the volume scale appear on the screen, but not go "up". It frequently loses data connectivity even in good service areas.  Etc. Etc. Etc.  It is a piece of ****.But the camera on it is pretty good, I guess?

If you don't read anything else in this review, read "The Ugly" section. Some of the problems with this phone are important to cover, and may be a dealbreaker for many. I've had this phone for a month now, and I want to share my thoughts. The device has some really fantastic features that I absolutely love. It also has some serious knocks against it that really drag the experience down. I honestly find myself wondering now if I should have stuck with my last phone, the previous Evo 4g, for a little while longer.The good:Most reviews rave about some specific features of this phone, and I can say that the raving is justified. The screen is gorgeous. It is bright, and the resolution makes everything crisp and clear. The camera is as good as they say it is. It is an entirely new class of phone camera. It is incredibly fast and responsive, and the picture quality is simply amazing. With my old Evo 4g, I enjoyed the pics but never harbored any illusion that they were as good as those of a dedicated camera. With the Evo 4g LTE, the camera is easily as good as any point and shoot on the market today. The slow-mo video is a fun feature, the ability to capture a pic while taking video is fantastic, the hardware button is wonderful, and most of all I love the rapid-capture ability. It really is just a fantastic camera.ICS is a great upgrade over older versions of android. On the Evo 4g LTE it is fast and responsive, with hardly a stutter to be seen. Little things like the ability to unlock directly to an app really make a big difference. The music player has been nicely tweaked over older iterations, I especially like that it now acts as a hub for all the music capabilities of the phone: pandora, mp3s, etc. I general the OS feels more intuitive and responsive than older iterations, as it should.The battery life seems to be very respectable. Part of why I upgraded was that my old Evo's battery was showing its age and could barely last 10 hours without needing a recharge. The Evo 4g LTE lasts multiple days on a single charge with light use, which is plenty for my needs.The microSD slot is pretty easily accessible, and offers the ability to cheaply upgrade the phone's storage.The bad:Apparently (according to a bit of google searching) there are multiple screen manufacturers for the phone, and not all screens are built equal. While my phone's screen is generally great, it has a VERY noticeable flicker when displaying certain colors. Specifically the light grey shade that you see when the Google Play (market) app opens flickers like an old low refresh-rate monitor. It isn't an issue very often, but it is very disconcerting.The build quality of the Evo 4g LTE is pretty suspect. The front of the phone feels super solid and I have no doubt that the glass will hold up over time. The same can be said about the brushed aluminum bezel, back panel, and kickstand. But the gloss plastic that covers 50% of the phone's backside is already showing wear and tear, after less than a month. I baby my electronics, and my two-year-old Evo 4g is in nearly perfect condition. The glossy plastic portions of the Evo 4g LTE already creak alarmingly under pressure, and I do not feel confident that they will stand up to the test of time. There is a noticeable gap between the removable plastic cover and the surrounding aluminum bezel. The build quality is surprisingly poor compared to my previous experience with HTC, and honestly even when compared to other portions of the Evo 4g LTE itself.A few features of ICS are not as intuitive as one would like. My old Evo 4g instantly and automatically linked all of my contacts with their facebook information, thus filling in things like birthdates, and most importantly profile pictures. ICS (and maybe Sense had something to do with this) did not. It took quite a bit of digging around, and some work on google to figure out how to enable the facebook linkage. Until then, all of my contacts had default grey outline pictures.The ugly:This is where the phone starts to fall apart for me. The network capabilities are awful. They are a clear downgrade from my Evo 4g. I live in Kansas City, and my old Evo 4g had both excellent 3g coverage, and excellent WiMax coverage. Ping times were the only problem I had with WiMax (typically in the 200-300 range), but I typically got 3-7Mbps down and ~1Mbps up with very reliable coverage, especially in my home. Outside of WiMax range, I reliably got 3g coverage that pulled ~1-2Mbps down and up. This is what I would expect, given that I am in Sprint's home market.I upgraded to the Evo 4g LTE after hearing that LTE was officially "live" in Kansas City. Unfortunately the news that I missed was that by "live", they really mean "about 30% live". There is little to no actual LTE coverage in the city. At my apartment, where WiMax was previously very strong, I can only connect to LTE rarely, and when I do the signal is so weak that my connection times out regularly. Watching antenna strength, the LTE connection sits around -115 to -120dBm (in non-technical terms, that is just a hair above zero bars). I actually disabled the LTE antenna on my phone because it is disruptive FAR more often than it is useful."So what", you might say. "Just use 3g". I would agree with you. 3g should be able to get me by in the next few months while Sprint continues their LTE rollout, hopefully with an antenna near my home. Unfortunately the phone's 3g antenna is also highly problematic. 3g signal pickup is weaker than my old Evo 4g, and speeds are considerably worse than my previous phone. Pings usually sit around 200, which is acceptable, but I almost never get above 0.5Mbps down, or up. Additionally (and even more importantly), the phone has a habit of dropping the 3g signal. I tether often, and when I do I tend to lose 3g every few minutes. This is in close proximity to a 3g tower, and with a strong signal (4-5 bars, in the -70 to -80dBm range). The phone will just inexplicably lose 3g connectivity. Google around a bit and find out: this is a known problem that many people are dealing with, and HTC/Sprint have acknowledged the issue and are trying to rectify it. Problem is, it isn't fixed. I truly hope that in the near future an OTA update will fix the problems... after all, I'm basically stuck with this phone for the next 23 months. The network issues are bad enough that I really do miss my old Evo 4g, and I'm very tempted to reactivate it.Conclusion: at the end of the day, the Evo 4g LTE is a phone, and as such I think the network issues are a pretty big deal. If you are on WiFi constantly, then they won't be an issue for you, but if you're dependent upon Sprint's network in any way, be very careful... this phone has some major baggage.Update 9/25/2012: A couple OTA updates later, and it is still in pretty bad shape. I am very used to 500ms+ ping now, and 0.1Mbps download/upload speeds. 4g coverage is still nonexistant. According to xda and s4gru, this problem is SPECIFIC TO THE EVO 4g LTE. As in an iPhone 5 and SGIII will both connect just fine to 4g, but an Evo in the same room will not.Try this neat trick: Go to craigslist and search for Evo 4g LTE. See how many nearly new Evos are being sold for less than half the price of a new one? That speaks more volumes than my review does.

the HTC EVO LTE (Sprint) does what it's designed to do.the screen is big enough too see video's without a problem.

My grandson is extremely happy with the phone.  He loves the games. He loves the phone.  He calls every weekend.  Thanks!  You made it truly affordable to give him a happy birthday!
