
This has been a great smart phone.  The only thing is if you do a lot of browsing or applications, it's a little on the slow side.

Sure freezes up a lot.  Am I running to many apps?  Nope.  I would class this as a fairly big problem.  Sometimes you wait for the thing to straighten itself out, sometimes you just reboot it.  I don't know about you, but I was born in the Stone Age, when you just picked up a phone and dialed it -- carefree, no second thoughts.  It's taking me a little while to get used to the whole "hope the phone's feeling OK about making this call" sensibility.  Call me old fashioned.Otherwise: the display's OK.  I love the size; I really wanted a phone that fit in the palm of my hand.  Sound quality's good.  The interface isn't quite as intuitive as the iPhone, but you get used to it.  Syncing with all Google services (my number one reason for choosing an Android phone) is, as is to be expected, very smooth, but that has more to do with the operating software than with the phone.  The camera's not nearly as good as it could/should be.  I would call this basically a $300 entry-level phone.

I went from a flip phone to a smart phone. I first started with the basic smart phone for $100- but returned it- because it was so awful. Then went up to $300 for the Blaze. It's a heavy phone- does not have a clear screen- and forget about even seeing the screen in daylight! Also it shuts off too quickly- even at the highest setting- as it's supposed to go black when you put it to your face to talk- but when you are done- and want to end a call- it's black- and you have to play with the on-off switch- which is touchy to get it to go back on.  Horrible phone all round...spend another 100 and get the better model. You really can't get a decent phone today without spending at least $400- which is crazy...but if you don't you'll be frustrated everytime you use a lesser one.

This phone's screen freezes up quite often. What does that mean you ask? Anything you were working on cannot be finished AND... you cannot shut the phone off because it requires that you shut the phone off on screen. I've had this happen quite often actually. You know what it takes to resolve said issue? I have to take the battery out to restart the phone. People cannot always hear me either. I was not really a fan of the LG G2X phone because it would always just shut itself off, but the one good thing I could say about that phone versus this particular phone is that the 4G Network was a LOT faster and more available for use than on this phone. I am completely unhappy with this phone and am stuck for two years with it. I highly recommend staying away from it as it is not a good alternative to anything, over priced, and not worth being stuck with. I almost forgot... the speaker is pretty loud and clear, BUT and this is a pretty big but (Sir Mix-A-Lot would be so proud) the speaker is located on the backside of the unit versus on the bottom where it can be heard laying down on the unit's front or backside!

I loved the phone except that it doesn't charge any more.  Lasted three months.  There seems to be a problem with the charging port on these phones.  Its a pretty common problem.  Not sure how to get warranty service, so you better save your paperwork if you get any.

brother loved it

Excellent

It actually came with Android 4.0 installed. There was no SIMM card, however, so if you order this phone keep in mind that you may need to purchase a SIMM card from T-Mobile if you don't already have one. (You might also ask the seller if it's available with a SIMM card - my boxes said that there were SIMM cards enclosed, but there wasn't. I ordered 2.)

Bought this phone a few months back for $225.00 when my other phone died. Now the price has dropped to $125.00. Wish i had got a booty phone instead to get me through till the nexus 5 had come out or perhaps a moto g/x. Idk. It's 4g. Battery life is ok as long as it's in battery save mode. Display is super amoled (nice but small at 3.5 inches). Call quality is good. But it is bit buggy (Android 2.3). All in all, i shoulda waited. Company that shipped phone was prompt and courteous.

I like Android. I particularly like that it is open, rather than proprietary.OK, first, this phone is far superior to the one I had been using. It does indeed allow me to use it as a communications device, as a camera and as a computer. It is, however, handicapped by the inclusion of a lot of useless software I can't get rid of, proprietary stuff Samsung loves to inflict on everybody. They are probably very proud of the 'extras' they provide. That pride is not justified. I would be happier with a plain, functioning Android system with no extra applications forced on me.

I was really surprised by this phone because i do not have luck with phones since something always goes wrong with them but this one, however, is really good. For the price  and availability you might expect a sub par phone but it is not. It has some very good features as a Galaxy S brand and personally, I have not had any problems with this phone at all since I originally purchased it 6 months ago. Some people might want a bigger phone as this one is medium size but that is all I can find wrong with this.

Purchased for wife on switch over to tmobile.  Did extensive research on purchasing a mid-tier phone that still was fairly good quality without breaking the bank.  So far this phone has met expectations.  Fast, responsive, etc.  Was worried it would be cheap but first time holding, it felt surprisingly well made.... and very slick.

The phone is well constructed and relatively fast. It does freeze up occasionally, though, and the battery only lasts about a day. I'm quite happy with it though, and I'd say if you can get it for less than $125 as of August 2013, it's a good deal.

Within 3 months the phone started to have issues charging it. We had to insert the charger and hold it for it to charge. Phone never charges completely. There is no warranty/guarantee for this phone. Just lost all the money spent on the phone. Do not buy!!! unless you have at least 6 month to an year warranty.

After buying the phone I haven't had a problem with the same. It even comes with a card, nice deal!

I've owned my Samsung galaxy s blaze for just short of two years.  This is the best cell phone I have ever owned.  I have it tucked away safely in a D30 case and it has endured being gnawed on by my dogs.  (I accidentally dropped it in the yard)  I'd like to think that for a 30 something mother of five I keep up with technology ok.  This isn't the latest technology, but it does it's job and doesn't break the bank.  I like that it is phone sized instead of tablet sized as well.  It was easy to use straight out of the box.  I would definitely recommend this phone and will probably buy another.  Samsung is the way to go!  I have never had any problems with any of their devices.  This one being no different.

At certain angles, there are a bunch of what appear to be hairline cracks in the display (when it is off) but the surface glass looks OK and the phone is functional. This was supposed to be a Christmas gift, but now I have to see if i can find something else in time.

the phone shows up under unlocked just  received  the phone  and  it  is locked  need helpis there a way i  can unlock this  phone for free

Absolutely love this phone.  It runs on Android 4.0.  If you read anywhere that it's on an older Android version, that information is outdated.  This phone has now been upgraded to 4.0, and if you buy it, it'll come with 4.0 already installed.  I bought this phone after having an Android 1.5 phone for too long.The Galaxy S Blaze 4G came out about a year ago, but I don't think it'll become dated anytime too soon.  It's basically the same as the Samsung Galaxy S2, with a few minor things missing (like HDMI port).  So, if you want a phone from the Galaxy family, and don't want to pay too much, I strongly recommend this one.  Plus, Tmobile is currently installing an LTE network, so I don't think it makes much sense to pay a lot of money for the Galaxy S3 which is on HSPA+.  The Galaxy S Blaze 4G is on HSPA+, but it's cheaper, and a great phone to have until LTE is fully up and running, IMO.  I don't do too many crazy things with this phone, but this phone has everything most people use smartphones for.I love the size, it's about the size of an iPhone.  It might be marginally smaller than the Galaxy S2.  So, if you're looking for something about as big as the iPhone or S2 (as opposed to the giant S3 and S4), this is your phone.

I have a Samsung Exhibit II 4G which is an awesome phone. I bought this one for myself and it really blows me away. 4" screen is still considered small enough to fit in your jean pocket, very nice design, feel, and look. The screen is really nice and super AMOLED is noticeably better than LCD. But comparing this screen to Exhibit II 4G's LCD screen, I find Exhibit's white is cool white (better), while Blaze's white is warmer white. BUT super AMOLED's color is very good - nice indeed. Also AMOLED seems to be less reflective than LCD. Dual core is fast! Internal (system+SD) memory is about the same as Exhibit II 4G, 1GB+1.6GB, though Blaze has 1GB RAM while Exhibit has 512MB. Blaze does come with a 4G microSD card which is quite useless for me as I bought and replaced it with a 32G. Blaze comes with gingerbread v2.3.6, and my Exhibit has v2.3.5. Overall, a VERY nice phone - another kudo to Samsung and T-Mobile.

I had this phone for over 2 years, when suddenly it stopped turning on. Since I loved the phone so much and had no problems with it before, I decided to get another. Since it was much cheaper than buying a new phone that is around $600. I bought a new replacement phone from here for $200, and only had it for around a month with it stopped charging. It turned out to be something wrong with the charge port. I'm on my third replacement phone now, which I got from t-mobile. It cost me nothing because it turned out that I had actually been paying for insurance on my first phone. My newest replacement is doing great! I'm expecting a few years out of this one.

I was hesitant to create this review as I'm unsure anyone really cares. But where custom ROMS are concerned this phone is highly supported! It has it's own forum in XDA. It's easy to ROOT and get custom ROMS like Cyanogenmod running on it smoothly. I currently have Cyanogenmod 10 on my Blaze (Andriod 4.1.2) and Cyanogenmod 10.1 (Android 4.2.2) is in the Alpha stages for this phone. If you didn't understand a thing I just typed, don't worry, that's probably a good thing lol :)--- EDIT ---CyanogenMod 10.2 (Jelly Bean 4.3) is STABLE for the Blaze!

Was just what I wanted.  Exactly as described.

I am very happy with this purchase.The only cons are:1) This phone comes with a lot of bloatware.2) Samsung programs this phone to use the internal USB for storage of apps and app data rather than using my external microSD card. I can move some of the app data to my external microSD with some time and effort.

This phone is UNLOCKEDIt has awesome features and a nice cameraits fast and comes with 2 chargers just in case.Great for anyone that is a first time android/samsung user

I bought this phone from a company in China.  Firstly they omitted to tell me that they would be closed for several days for a holiday and when I told them that I needed it a.s.a.p. due to upcoming travel abroad.  Then when the phone died five months later I contacted them but never received a reply.  As it was more than three months later Amazon was ineffective.  I now had an expensive new phone, five months old and completely dead.  What a scam!!!!!!!  I would advise against purchasing from this company.

Bought this for my sister who really likes this phone because She is able to skype with it, Has many new features she she is learning to use.

Works great for what i need it for a little more internal memory and i would have given 5stars thanks

This is my first smartphone. I like it very well. The price was right. The only problems, so far as I'm concerned, are 1) the screen is a little small, and 2) the battery runs down too quickly. I keep GPS and WIFI turned off unless I need them.

I received this phone last week - with a sim card inside. All it took me was a call to Tmobile to tell them the SIM card number to activate it. So far working great. Good for the price.

I had a Samsung Exhibit II phone that was not very satisfactory. When it died I was not going to buy another Samsung phone but among phone for T Mobile, this phone had the best features for the price. If you don't need one of the premium models and don't want to pay for one, this is a good choice. It's much better and faster (Android 4.1) than my old phone. Battery life is good enough to make it through my day. I don't ask a lot of a phone but I want it to be working when I need it. This phone is small and compact enough to fit in my pocket. It has a non slip back that helps keep it from falling out.

I choose to rate it 5 stars because these are the best phones I've purchase in a long time. I have not had any problems and do not expect to have any the seller delivered quickly and the product is good. I would recommend the seller and this product to those looking for a good phone at a good price from a good seller.

Now I have 2 of these!!! I love them!!!I wish I needed 3 of these!!!I would love them all...

Good interface, great upgrade from simple smartphones. Easy to use. Big screen, Feels Comfortable in your hand But Recommend A Case

It is yet to early to really rate, but so far the phone is all that I expected.  Make sure you get its plastic soft cover since it is to neat looking to scratch.  It hardly crashes, it is updated to Android 4.0, it has the capacity to have multiple apps working at the same time.  It came with a memory card included!  It is perfect size for me since it fits nicely in my pocket.  So far so good!  I never give anything a perfect 5 star.

It is smaller than I see the younger generation using but it gives us a great opportunity to learn how to use the new phone systems. Samsung is known for a high standard and quality and this phone meets that perfectly. The same or similar apps are used on this phone as on the larger galaxy phones for one third the price or less. That makes this a great phone to upgrade to, I am glad we did.I bought one for my wife and myself. Give it a try and if you want upgrade to the larger phone this one makes a good backup one for later. Go ahead and try one. Hope this helps your decision process. Enjoy

It works just fine as I was told before I bought it. It is amazing. What else can I tell ya?

Very nice phone it isn't as fast as i thought but still very fast. My omly complsint is that sometimes it freezes a lot with certain apps

Hate the bloatware but got it fixed when installed the rom dknight. Love the screen, hate the internal memory.  Still a good phone for a low price. Hope this gets Ice Cream Sandwich soon.

I think it's an ok phone.  The only thing that I didn't like was that the battery was no good.  Every time I would try to charge it the battery would drain even more so it was doing the opposite of charging.  But you get what you pay for so I had to purchase an additional battery for it.  It has great capabilities, as advertised.  I still would recommend it to my friends and family-only that they should purchase this phone brand new instead of refurbished like I did.

The main galaxy was way too much for someone who minimally uses the data plan. The phone itself is nice, affordable and I expect to have for a long time.

1)  Very fast 4G on T-mobile2)  Has applications available that I did not have on my Windows phone; e.g. remote check deposit, etc.3)  I liked my previous Windows phone interface better, but the apps were not available for Windows.4)  There are a lot aof apps that are stuck on the phone that I don't use, but this is not a significant problem.5)  A lot of capabilities, but what to do is not always obvious.  Windowes phone was easier to use.6)  Nice size if you want a pocket phone.7)  Some of the alerts via icons are small and not easily noticed.8)  My choice:  Windows phone if the apps were available, but very happy with the Galaxy S Blaze.9)  Lots of good synchronization options with Android.

I was looking and researching an unlocked phone for my husband as Christmas gift. My daughter have the same phone and highly recommended this brand.  Now, my husband love and enjoying his new phone! Plus I was thankful that ordering through Amazon was easy and the delivery was fast.  It arrived much sooner than estimated delivery date! Thanks.

The purchase came as expected and has performed as per the reviews read.  No complaints on the purchase or the deilver.

I am not too happy about Samsung Galaxy S Blaze 4G Android Smartphone, it was fine from the very beginning and after a wile phone start to deteriorate. Have to restart it quite often  to connect to the router sitting right next to it like 3ft.Getting pop up message &#34;Failed to open contact list&#34; - never had that before. Had to remove and reconnect  battery to get rid of this.Phone was much faster to connect to the Internet, now it doesn't look like 4G LTE phone at all.

I like the phone and it just about does everyrhing. Even the pics are crisp and the whifi keeps you in the now.

I purchased this phone, described as &#34;new.&#34;  It came, looking new, in a non-descript cardboard box, not Samsung, without a product manual, just a booklet on Using Android OS.  I put in my T-Mobile sim card and it wouldn't log on.  I went to the T-Mobile store, they tested it, and said it had two blocks on it, &#34;non payment of bill&#34; and &#34;stolen phone.&#34;  I contacted Amazon, and they were great, refunding my purchase even before I returned the phone.  5 Stars for Amazon, Zero stars for this vendor.

Fast and easy shipment.  Great phone, no problem signing up for T-Mobile service on-line.  I recommend this smart phone if the current phones are to big and bulky.

I had to get this phone to replace an old one. It arrived in the time it was expected (not a moment too soon!) and it was exactly as described. I would recommend this phone to anyone.

The phone has all the features I need in a smartphone plus it is not bulky. The only downside is that Tmobile has a lot of pre-installed apps that wouldn't go away and the battery life while phone is in use is not long enough as compared with Samsung S3.I bought this for a friend and he liked it for the same reasons I have outlined above. I recommend this phone to anyone who wants an economical and simple smartphone but with features and functionality comparable to those of latest and pricey phones.

it was exactly as advertised. It came within the promised time. My 18 year old son loves it- good reception, easy to use, graphics for games good.

I replaced an older Android phone for my wife and she loves it.  It is much faster than her old Exhibit II and never crashed.  The screen is huge and she can stream Youtube and Nexflix with ease.  This was a solid purchase.

Based on the previous Samsung phones I used and fascinated by all the good reviews here, I decided to try the Galaxy Blaze but it was a disappointment.  In the beginning, the phone was working fine. But after 5 months or so, the phone battery life has been dropping 10-20% in one hour!  I tried deleting the apps which I thought were causing this issue and even tried it with a new replacement battery but it didn't help.  Not a good product!

The battery life is much longer than the myTouch, and it charges more quickly as well.  Some of the features are more clunky (like the alarm), but that's more a function of android version than anything else.

The phone is amazing. The only thing I don't like is the battery life. It discharges really fast and my phone dies in the middle of the afternoon

It is essentially a Galaxy S II in a smaller form. It may be a mid range phone, but they packed the same dual core S3 1.5Ghz chip and 1 GB system memory, but a 4" screen. Despite being slightly larger than the Exhibit II, it has the same resolution of 480x800. Samsung/Tmo updated the OS to Ice Cream Sandwich, which I'm sure will be the last update. I've had my Blaze for a few weeks. It's so much snappier and I'm very pleased, though I wish they had either kept the same smaller size or upped the resolution. I don't see the point of just making it bigger, though perhaps they had to since it now has one of their Super AMOLED screens. I have no idea what that means and don't care, but it looks fine to me. And finally, the coup de grace, the Blaze comes with LTE, so IF you get it in your area, it might get a speed and or reliability boost.  The design is certainly conservative but not cheap or even budget looking.  It also has a removable memory card and battery.  Since all 3 of my family's smart phone batteries died in the 1 to 1.5 year range, this is really important to me.I got mine used in very good condition for $110 shipped. There are great deals out there on this phone.

I've had this phone for about 3 weeks. I upgraded the software to ICS (Android 4) and that was a vast improvement. The camera is decent, the phone is a good weight in your hands. I love this phone. My only problem is that sometimes it freezes up so you have to take the battery out (which is why I gave it only 4 stars) but this really isnt' THAT big of an inconvenience. The occasional freeze up is worth the awesomeness the rest of the phone possesses. I recommend it :)

I love this phone. Even though it is not the newest Samsung Galaxy S; it is a huge improvement over my old windows phone. The internet loads very fast and it is very user friendly.

Great phone with good features and fast processor. I just hope T-Mobile does not install so many of its own software in it.  It'll be great if it has only Android software.

This phone is really good for the price. Most sub-$200 phones cheap out on either the processor or the RAM. This one is packing 1GB RAM which is sufficient for Android 4.0 and up, plus a dual-core 1.5ghz qualcomm processor which is also pretty decent. However, Samsung's software is its own worst enemy.Samsung's phones use a software interface called "Touchwiz" which is basically a layer of software in between you, the user, and the Android Operating System. Samsung likes to pretend they're adding useful functionality, which is true in a few, limited cases -- but overall it slows your phone down by hogging a ton of RAM. You'll definitely notice after about a week that your phone is too slow.However, with some modifications, this phone is GREAT!CynagenMod, the most popular custom software ROM out there, has released a version of Android 4.4 for this phone. Android 4.4 is the very newest version, and is optimized to use as little RAM as possible. There are also a ton of other custom ROMs (Operating Systems based on Android) out there, and most of them will offer significant improvements over the software this phone comes with.Here's a link to where you can ask people about how to do some of the things I mentioned, and how to get started with installing custom ROMs: [...]And if you already know how to do this kind of stuff, this is the Android 4.4 ROM link: [...]After installing Android 4.4, this phone is so incredibly better than it was before. If you have some free time to learn about software development, and want to save money on a phone that's still pretty awesome, I highly recommend this route. Just remember to back up your data using ClockworkMod Recovery first! Just Google around a little bit and you'll figure out how to do it.EDIT: There's a new link for the CyanogenMod download, as this phone has now gained "Official" status within the community of developers who make CyanogenMod: [...]

Good price. My son loves it. It is fast.  Excellente android phone. It is a really Good option for teenageers.

i am not a tech guy. when people started using smart phone for few years, i was still using my dumb phone. the reason is that i have been thinking it is too expensive for data plan and not worth it (i am not that kind of person needs to update his fb status every single minute, i am brushing my teeth, i am eating breakfast now...) let's wait couple more years for cheaper plans and phones...i have been waiting for this until 9 months ago. after my att contract ended, i started to do research and end up use TM due to better and cheaper plan. i visited few TM dealers but didnt see this blaze until i visited costco! i really couldnt find a better plan than this: 2 yr new contract with TM, no activation fee, free accessories and most importantly was i got this phone free (i opened 2 new lines so i got 2 free blaze)!people asked me why not get a s3 (s3 was the newest at that time for being in the market for just 1 month). well, i needed to pay $249 compare to pay $0 to get a free blaze. i preferred the blaze which was released to the market for only 3 months! in fact, my wife also said s3 is too big for her. for a man usually going out without a handbag, s3 is also too big for front jean pocket.anyway, i am happy for using this phone for 9 months. i dont use it for music or movie. i just use it to dial in/out, emailing, fb, whatsapp, wechat, etc...the phone has no problem to handle all the above tasks so far. i have been getting 4g speed all the times in greater los angeles area.a reviewer mentioned about not able to see the screen (turn black) whenever finished talking. yes i had that problem too at the beginning. later, i found that i needed to place the phone on my palm horizontally (perpendicular to your body)after i finished to let the screen on again so that you can see all the buttons. but i agree that it is hard to see the screen under sunlight. i need to get the phone closer to my eyes to avoid reflections.other than that, my phone only freezed 1 time during the past 9 months. i needed to take the battery out for few minutes to let it reset. after that, it worked fine again.so far i am happy about the phone. $0 for a dual-core, 3 gig internal memory, 5mp camera, 4g speed phone, i cant and shouldnt ask for more ^__^

I have had the Blaze for a few weeks and wanted to give my initial impressions.  To put these comments into perspective, I was previously using a Samsung Dart (3G, Android 2.2 - see my other reviews).  The Dart is decent for a starter smartphone, but after installing a few apps and updates, I quickly ran into app storage limitations not to mention that the Dart could not take advantage of the 4G data network.The Blaze, on the other hand, is incredibly fast, which is to be expected with a dual-core processor.  The face appears to be glass (but not Gorilla Glass).  Size wise, the phone is slightly wider than the Dart, but not quite as wide as the Galaxy S3 (which is a bit more than I prefer to carry esp. once you add a case) and fits very comfortably in my front pants pocket.Before purchasing the phone, I went into a TMO store to give it a test run, which included downloading and running the DiskUsage app.  Although the specs boast 4 Gb of internal storage, it seems that the pre-installed software (and there is a LOT of it) cuts the available app storage to roughly 1 Gb.  I believe this should be sufficient for most users, but it is something to be aware of if you load tons of apps onto your phone.Battery life seems to be better than average for a smartphone.  FWIW, I have gotten into the habit of charging overnight as well as a few hours in the office.Given the price ($300 w/o contract through T-Mobile web included a $50 prepaid refill card), I am quite satisfied overall.

Android fan who didn't want huge phone. I also wanted removable storage and replaceable battery option. This phone has everything i need without spending a ton of $! Very happy with the purchase. Phone quality is excellent, no problems with coverage, volume or speaker function.

I bought this phone because my current android (Alcatel One Touch Evolve) was limited to only 3g speeds and I pay monthly for 4g speeds so why not have a phone that uses 4g internetThis phone is way fast don't get my wrong but it is way more outdated than I originally thought. The first thing I noticed is that it is locked in android 2.3.6 which is way behind when you consider the fact that the latest version out now is 4.3 (possibly higher)This isn't a huge deal because the phone is fast and can handle about the same apps as before. But certain things like Swype are out of date, hangouts, etc. The biggest thing to get used to is that Swype is way out of date and it makes texting a little unbearable, not impossible. Also the phone seems to get stuck more frequently on certain apps than before and the touchscreen isn't as intuitive and has actually been unresponsive from time to time. I noticed this as soon as I began using it so it isn't an app or anything. Also being the fact that this is a T-mobile phone, you have to deal with the apps preloaded on the phone that are either outdated or terrible T-mobile apps.Also I ordered this brand new but it had someones pictures on it when I started it up, so that was a little strange and made me feel uneasy

Excellent customer service, excellent product and very good price.The phone however, always stays on (ready to receive calls, etc.) while charging.  I found out it does this because it is programed to do so.  I do not like it and as it could be very inconvenient sometime however, nothing can be done about it.

The Samsung Galaxy Blaze is fast and very easy to navigate. The camera takes good pictures but there's a delay on the shutter that is frustrating. Overall, this one of the best smartphones out there.

I'm a loyal Android user but there are a few things that annoy me about this phone:1. No side button to take photos, you need to use 2 hands to take a photo and it's on an awkward part of the screen.2. No restart option, I often need to restart for updates and i just don't see how this option is left out.3. No LED notification light for texts/missed calls. Had to install an app for this, again how can this be left off?4. Can't uninstall the preloaded apps without rooting the phone, and they are dumb preloaded apps (slacker radio, yelp, etc) Not sure if T Mobile put these on or not, annoying either way.The phone was free but again it's just OK

I need a phone that is good on batter life. Batter life is not long. I can have it on at 7 then i would have to plug it into the charger around 2. Then screen freezes a lot. I would always have to take the case off and take the battery out all the time.

Had to send it for repair twice

I bought this phone with t-mobiles $30 unlimited data/text and 100 minute per month plan for my teenager.  It is his first phone and he is used to what my iPhone can do.  I was not about to pay contract prices for him.  He is a texter and netflix user, not a talker.  I believe his unused 100 monthly minute alotment will roll over for month to month, for up to 3 months, so that may give him some extra talk time if he does get chatty in a particular month and its .10/minute after that.  Data coverage is good in the area he is in for 90% of his life, but falls quickly when traveling off major interstates and highways, but he still is able to text/talk in most of those areas.  He charges the phone nightly and that will get him through the day even with heavier usage.  The phone seems faster than my iPhone4, screen is definitely not as good, but still adequate!!Bottom line is that this seems BY FAR, the best no contract smart phone that my reasearch led me to (for less than $300).  Could not justify Virgin mobile's $600 iPhone plan for him.  I had been putting him off for months on this purchase because I wanted to get it right the first time.  There are other carriers that offer similar $30-35 no-contract plans, BUT the phones they offer based on reviews by users, I feel, were all JUNK.  Based on reviews online and tmobiles user reviews, I knew I finally put this search to an end.  The Blaze is a slightly toned down version of the Galaxy S2.  Small enough and light enough for him to pocket it.HE IS VERY PLEASED to have a smart phone that does it all.  Many of his friends got phones months and years ago, but my patience (read: CHEAPNESS) prevailed.  NOW all he has to do is take care of it and NOT LOSE IT!!!It's a COOL phone that has, in the month he has had it, worked flawlessly so far.  Thinking of replacing my wife's cheapo $50 LG800 (through NET10) with this one, it is SUPERIOR in all aspects and a perfect alternative to my BELOVED iPhone, which has spoiled me to accept NO cheap substitutes!!!UPDATE 9/28/2012-Still happy with phone, but the 100 minutes expire at the end of each month and do not roll over, which is a little disappointing. I found the "fine print" under T-Mobile support site.

good afternoon .... duciembre 04, 2013 I made a purchase of this team and I was returned for errors with my credit card ... but the total cost was debited quiziera know what is the process for refund or solution to the problem?

I purchased this phone during 2012's After Christmas Sale.  It was advertised as a $399.99 phone on sale for $299.00  It has been the worse cell phone that I've ever owned.  I had to return the first two phones after those two phones refused to hold a 4G transmission.  Now I am on my third replacement and this one freezes and has to be re-booted at least once a day, sometimes I have to remove the battery to get it to work properly. I have had nothing but problems with this phone.  I had always purchased HTC cell phones but refused to enter into any more contracts.  I much prefer HTC to Samsung!!!  I will try my best not to ever purchase anything else from Samsung.  The only thing that I like about this phone is the fact that it is contract free!

This phone is great. I got it for my daughter and she loves it.  It does everything and more. It came in a sealed box and had the sim card in the box. Buy new, not used. The price is great. At the price you get more than what you paid for.

This phone was bought for my 9 year old and it is easy to use.  It has good sound and it never drops calls.  Easy to set up and she get can on the internet quickly.  I would recommend this phone for anyone who would like a smartphone but does not want to spend a lot of money.  This was a good value for the price.

I was aware the phone did not come with a charger, or other accessories, but was not aware the battery itself was bad.  The phone is functionally nice, but overall it was a bad deal and the weak battery should have been disclosed.  Does not hold a charge for a full day.Dissapointed I made this transaction.

Very Simple to install JB on this phone. Great battery life and a dual core processor. One of the most under rated phones out there. It has a removable battery, extra sd storage and 1 gb of ram. Also it has the same processor as the S2. Cant beat it for the price.

After debating between this phone and the iPhone 4s (I was transitioning out of having a blackberry), I decided on the Galaxy S Blaze because I wanted to stay with my current cell phone provider, I like the Android market, and the reviews on this phone were awesome.My BIGGEST disappointment with this phone is shutter lag on the camera.  I was so excited about getting this phone so that I could easily take pictures/videos of my baby and send them to the grandmas.  However, the shutter lag of 2-3 seconds in dealing with a baby, especially, have made it difficult to capture 'the moment'.  Unlike the iPhone 4s that my friends have, there is a significant shutter lag from the time your finger touches the button until the time the picture actually takes.  I am also disappointed that the voice activated system has such a hard time going through my contacts (when I am trying to dial someone through voice activation), that sometimes it defaults to a "google search" of what it thinks I said, and I have to scroll back to look up the person by name and dial manually.  With the dialing screen being dark, sometimes in direct sunlight you can't see anything when trying to dial a number.  It bugs me that I can't seem to keep the screen "unlocked" during a call, and once the call starts there's no way to make the call options stay on the screen...they disappear unless you hit the "unlock/lock" button.  (If I'm missing something, some please walk me through the steps of how to make it happen.)It is a cute phone.  Its a good phone.  I opted for the Blaze instead of the Galaxy SII or HTC One because of its size being the closest in size to my blackberry.  Nothing really stands out to me on this phone as "amazing"...but going from the blackberry market to the android world has been a joy!

There's nothing intuitive about this phone, & unlike some other smart phones, it's neither attractive nor reliable.  I suspect it thinks it's smarter than the user, as it frequently hangs up in the middle of a call (without being touched), or suddenly starts calling another number, loudly, while I'm in the middle of a conversation (and then has the audacity to hang up on my call and put the call IT chose to initiate through instead.)  It will also hang up on the call I'm in the middle of if someone (ANYone) happens to text me, and if I get another call while I'm on the phone, it will hang up on my current call, flash the info of the incoming call, then hang up on that one too.  I was so fed up that I had the phone replaced (for the exact same phone, on the assumption that it was a defect in that particular phone, not the model in general), but this one has many of the same issues as well. (And a few quirks of its own, too.)I regret buying it.  Save yourself the stress and frustration and skip this phone.

I purchased this to replace my three year old phone.chose this one because of its smaller size.this phone is great,fast and great screen for showing pictures.would recommend this to anybody.

I'm really glad I decided to get this phone it does exactly what I need it to do for now, and its just the right size.  Its a powerful little phone, but it does have a few bugs.  I will probably upgrade in the future as long as the phone is the same size I don't need anything larger to carry around.  When this phone first came out is was ginger bread, but has since be upgraded to ice cream sandwich which is just fine for me.  The battery is okay, but if you do a lot of stuff have or do email it drains the battery quick.  I wish it would upgrade to jellybean, but ice cream sandwich is fine, and the phone memory is just enough for now.

Just got this phone.  Actually two.  It is NOT unlocked.  I am very unhappy.  Please remove it from the unlocked category.

All the features I need at a much lower price than the new Galaxy versions. And I like the smaller size.

I bought 2 of these for siblings as Xmas presents to replace older not so smart phones they were stuck with. They are both very happy. The phones were brand new in the box and without issues.These phones have been mostly forgotten about in the quarterly march of ever advancing technology. That's good news for those on a budget that still want a high tech smart phone but don't want to spend $600 or sign up for another 2 year carrier contract. These phones are still very quick and capable. I have a Galaxy S3 and it's a bit faster and the screen is a bit bigger and prettier than the Blaze, but it also cost me $200 even with renewing another 2 year contract. Open the box, charge it, pop in your sim card and go.

This is a nice dual processor phone with 1gb ram. It has a 4" screen, which was the big attraction for me (I don't want a larger phone). I use T-Mobile.The reviews online are correct that the screen on this phone is not great, but you can look at the phone and judge for yourself whether that's a deal breaker. The bigger problem is the software. It's got Samsung's theme on top of Android, and it's accompanied with a lot of T-mobile garbage, some of which seems to be placing widgets on the screens.I switched from a stock android phone with a failing power button. Both my old and new phones are Android 2.3.6. I _much_ prefer stock Android. I would pay extra for a phone with stock android (would have bought a nexus but it's too big).Please T-Mobile and Samsung (and Verizon and ATT and HTC) give users the ability to switch to uncluttered stock android and see what people choose. Maybe folks would prefer Samsung's overlay and T-Mobile's clutter, maybe not. But the companies would learn something from the experiment and I guarantee that some customers would be happier.

I was able to lower my monthly subscription cost.  Service in this area is not as good as Sprint. Lots of dead spots up north in Michigan. Combined, the wife and I, we save about $ 25.00 per month with a $650.00 investment. Not sure it is the correct way to go. Would be better if I could take advantage of the 4 more phones permitted on my contract. The Wife went onto the Daughters contract. She filled it up as number 5. I'm all alone on my account. I now get all the bells and whistles, but really all I wanted was a phone that Talked and Listened.

This was my first smartphone and will be my last Galaxy.  For the price, I didn't expect high-end performance but I also didn't expect that after only four months of very light use, the battery would fail to charge or hold a charge.  I replaced both the battery and the charger to no avail.  I've since heard that battery problems are common with the Galaxy line so I'm dumping this pup and will get myself an iPhone tomorrow.

4G, *GOOD* gps, bluetooth, voice controls, speaker phone, call clarity, screen resolution, camera, apps & widgets, all-around customizability. I wanted smaller than the S III; the man's pants-pocket size of the Blaze works well for me. Battery life okay, not stellar; recharges quickly.GPS can occasionally take time to connect; bluetooth can occasionally be erratic and need re-pairing. GPS & bluetooth seem occasionally to conflict with each other. iOS issue: Swype technology has taken a step backwards (It has hotspot & tethering but I have not used them yet.)

excellent. fulfilled all functions as advertised. recommend to a first time smartphone owner like mereason for a 4 stars only is the Chinese language  included. not useful for me

I bought this at the time for $139 from Amazon for my father who had an older Android model. His old one was giving him trouble all the time, so I wanted to get him something more reliable. Though because he doesn't do a whole lot with his phone, it wasn't worth spending a lot of money on a higher-end Android. For the price, this thing is awesome. Doesn't have any of the issues my dad's old one has, and does everything fairly fluidly. Very little lag if any at all, and hasn't crashed yet. I would recommend it if you're looking for a budget cell phone in this price range.

The item was exactly as described and considerably more affordable that what you would find at a T-Mobile store, that's for sure.

All Androids suck, too many steps to accomplish anything. Phone died after just one year, TMobile had to replace it. Would never, absolutely NEVER recommend this phone, all around worst phone I've ever owned.

Great price. Good product. I would buy this phone from this dealer again. Unlocked, sim card popped in and everything worked and all contacts, etc. were fine - as long as you save them to the SIM before.

Love, Love, Love this phone.  I ordered it because my daughter wanted my Galaxy S2..I am so happy I did.  It's even better than my S2, can't believe it!  It's faster, smaller, and has pretty much all the same things as the S2 for a fraction of the price.  The camera is not fabulous, but for my needs, it's fine.  the phone came fast and brand new in a T-Mobile box -- all I did was slip my T-Mobile sim in and wham, it worked just fine.  Great phone for someone who doesn't need the bells and whistles -- great for teens too -- my daughter has been playing with it and eyeing it now and might want to switch!  I would definitely recommend this phone.

I like this smartphone because it does anything I need at very acceptable cost. I had a bad experience with another smartphone (not a Samsung) that I end up returning after less than 3 weeks. My son that already had a Samsung suggested to me to get this one; I am happy with it and I would recommend it to a friend.

bought this phone as a replacement for my aging Galaxy, what an improvement!Went from eclair to ice cream sandwich and noticed the speed was awesomeit seems to be a bit more temperamental in that it's easier for calls to drop but  I also live in badsignal area.where I would have to wait minutes for internet pages to load this thing does in a second or two.The battery lasts for about 12 hrs for me, maybe a little longer depending on use, i am not constantlyon it however the last phone lasted about 6 to 8 hours in comparison.

Great phone easy to use.  The phone was not new as stated in the add that's why it gets 2 stars.  There was video of someone along with three pictures that I deleted from the phone.

the phone is good, and it is compatible to T-mobile cards and the speed is not bad, I am satisfied

the product come in time ,good condition ,the way i expect the phone the way its come no scratch no damage thank you

I got this phone just about a year ago and I loved it, then I had to get it replaced again and again and again, The phone wouldn't let me text and then stopped connecting to anything. My newest issue with this phone is the more I use it the slower it gets. It only has 1.4 gig internal memory, if you think about it, that is not very much. I can't even have the newest updates of anything on here because of this. So my advice is be careful, especially if you think you are going to have a lot of apps or even YouTube, lol. Also I added an SD card to it and it flipped out and wouldn't even recognize that there was an SD card in it.

1. Cheaper and faster: Speed difference from iPhone is obvious with 4G and better processor. T-mobile provides with cheaper plans.2. Smooth and beautiful Video: I rarely watch TV/movies on a smartphone. This device made me think again. Quality of the movie screen is amazing - smooth and clear. Watching experience is close to laptop. I will enjoy this on flight.3. Camera: Without considering more resolution, this camera is better than the one in iPhone GS. It is much less sensible for small shaking.4. Wireless tethering: I didn't really care for tethering with 3G because of its terrible speed. But this device's 4G now and supposed to be 21 Mbps. After rooting, I first installed wireless tethering. And it works like a charm. This portable wifi router does not really make 21 Mbps but 8 Mbps but it's still practical.5. Unlimited expandability: Since it's android OS, unlike iphone, the device is not much restricted to expand. You can virtually install whatever you want.Cons1. Lack of internal memory: 500MB internal memory is too small to store apps. So after getting this device, you'd better start moving apps into internal 16G SD card. As I will mention about this below, however, not all apps can be moved to SD.2. Bloated apps: Unnecessary apps occupy in apps screen and some of them also automatically run. And most of these bloated apps can't be deleted nor moved to SD card. - Solution: Root and Titanium Backup. See the last part of this review.3. No flash LED: I rarely use it for taking pictures so it does not matter much to me. But it's one component people may want to have at some point. Besides, you can use it for other purposes with apps. As other devices in this price range have the LED, I am not sure why Samsung is not getting it with this excellent device otherwise.Root: Root is like easy jailbreak for Android device but without any downside. Of course Rooted device can be bricked and void of warranty but in reality, most of times, CS will fix the bricked device under warranty. Google &#34;Super One Click&#34; for more details.Titanium Backup: After root, get the Titanium backup app to delete all unnecessary apps. One thing to remember: don't delete telenav app because it will mess GPS up otherwise.In summary, root is almost required for this smart phone - root will take less than 30 mins. Other than that, with its amazing speed and powerful customizing ability from Android OS, I still have to figure out what it can do. This device is truly a personal computer + more in my hand. I like it a lot more than iPhone.

Ok works good ...the other phone just conk Ed out. Don't know if I'll stay with Samsung on the next phone 600 bucks for the s5 not in my budget right now.

I love this phone. For me, it's the perfect combination of compact size (4.79 x 2.48 inches) with a big screen (4-inch diagonal), a powerful processor (dual-core Qualcomm Snapdragon S3 running at 1.5 Ghz), and Android operating system (4.0.4). I like it BETTER than Samsung's flagship Galaxy S III because the Blaze is smaller; it's able to fit comfortably in a pocket. Blaze has good audio quality sending and receiving, snappy screen response, beautiful vivid screen colors, nice camera (5 megapixels), fast browser, and everything works. No strange reboots, no hanging apps. Reasonably-good battery life, but you will need to recharge during the day if you use the phone constantly (talk or surf all day). My complaints are minor. (1) There is no LED indicator, so the phone WILL correctly notify you of an incoming call or text when it's asleep, but if you miss it, then the phone goes back to sleep (black screen with no flashing indicator, no LED). You have to wake the phone to check if something came in that you missed. (2) The XT9 predictive text is a bit intrusive when it's turned on. It works, but it could be smoother and more intuitive. This can be fixed with an ad-on text app such as SwiftKey. (3) The emoticons in the SMS text dialogs are green "Android" illustrations showing smiles, laughter, love, etc... But they're poorly drawn and difficult to distinguish one from another. A smile looks like a little green blob, not very different from a laugh or a cry. Note that sent messages actually include only the original text characters :-) etc... and when you copy the text to another app, the original text characters reappear (as they should). So the problem is just the display.Besides these three quibbles, the Blaze is just about perfect for me. It's by far the best smart phone I've owned, and I prefer it to all other smart phones compatible with T-Mobile's network. As I mentioned above, I specifically chose this phone over Samsung's flagship Galaxy S III. For me, Blaze is better.

I have owned this phone for a couple of months now and I love it! Best deal I found for the quality!

This phone meets all my needs, the only thing I wish it had more of is storage.  It's fast, easy to use and the screen has a dynamic color display.  I love it!

It seems like there is nothing this phone can't do. It is super fast on 4g. The battery life is not very good and charges much more quickly turned off.

It stopped vibrating within a month and now, 4 months later, is completely dead. It stopped charging completely over the past month and now will stop charging and start discharging rapidly even if I hold the charger and phone completely still and/or nothing moves. Oh, and it also corrupted the SD card I bought for it, so now I have to reformat that. It's obviously been tampered with, as it came &#34;updated&#34; with a newer version of Android that it doesn't support. Don't trust this seller! These are not new phones!

A good all-around android phone.  A great value for mid-range size and speed.  Smaller than some others, but nice to fit in your pocket!

Working properly and has a lot more features than my last - non-smart phone. I am very satisfied with this item.

The cell phone is in excellent condition and it was received sooner than expected. No instructions included but my husband was able to figured out.

This is a solid phone, as many others have described. Just the right size, thin enough, has the key features I wanted.And here's the cool thing: there's an active developer community for this phone, so you can have the latest version of android for it, too. Plus it's not that complicated to upgrade. I thought I'd have to root the phone, then flash a new android on it. It's doable, just can be confusing, take time, etc.But no--the good folks at cyanogenmod (google it) have made an easy to use installer that doesn't require rooting. I just installed an app on my phone, and a small program on my PC, and it took care of the rest. I have ICS, working great, and will have Kit Kat once they iron out the kinks. (as of right now nobody has a stable 3rd party delivered kit kat build yet.) Did I mention that it cost me nothing beyond the optional donation I decided to make after seeing how well it worked?So that's the big tip, get this phone, head on over to cyanogenmod's website, and get yourself a modern version of android, and you're good to go.Ask me again why I'd want to pay 3x++ as much money for an iphone?

I got this phone for my adult daughter.  I have the same phone, older version, but her phone is nicer than mine.  She very much likes it.

Am a novice smart phone user, as I finally gave in from my flip device.  Overwhelming at first but easy to learn. Over the last week had been stuck in permanent non-usable "airplane" mode, upgrading it to paperweight status.  Took it in to dealer who tried to rectify the problem, but to no avail.  Cost me 5 extra bucks to get a new one sent,plus my monthly insurance.  Just hope I don't need a replacement every 6 weeks.  Apparently quality does not always coincide with progress.

I bought my mother a cellphone a year earlier I believe it was a concord but it ended up dying. so I was searching around for a affordable phone for her for christmas this was a good buy its cheaper in price for most but gives most of the same options and apps as the more expensive ones. I have a Samsung galaxy s2 and this phone has most of the same features minus the screen size and a little less megapixels on the camera. if you don't want to spend big on a cellphone but want a lot of features and options then i would recommend this phone.

I know it is a great cell phone but hmmm where do I get started?:1. It started off great but now it is very slow  in down loading. I have called network for support but they say all is fine on their end. 2. Now, it wont shut off....Where before it would turn off. Now, I turn it off and then it comes back on again. ...3.the pull down screen wont stay down. where you touch the top of the gently press and slide it all the way down as much as I can. It reveals messages but when I let of the slide down screen.. it quickly sides up again.I am not very pleased with this and noo I have not dropped it  or abused it.

Phone is not unlocked, as its &#34;unlocked cell phones&#34; category would have you believe. Otherwise, pretty decent phone for the price.

I was going to purchase this same phone for my daughter at the t-mobile site as an upgrade.  However, after purchasing it I googled the phone to have more information on it and found it cheaper at Amazon by 60 bucks (excluding the hassle of the upgrade fees, taxes and delivery).  Ofcourse i canceled my order with T-mobile and ordered it instead from Amazon.  It was not only simple to connect (just a matter of transferring the sim card), but t-mobile assist with the connection and daughter is a happy camper once again, not to mention my wallet as well.  thanks amazon.

Bought this at a fraction of the price, it is one of the best samsungs out there. Just a word of caution think twice before updating the software. With little memory the new software would cause it to slow down considerably.

not bad, a little slow compared to what im used to but overall im pretty impressed with this little phone.

My daughter actually had this phone before, and it stopped charging, so did this one. Joe was quite helpful, but nothing worked, so we sent it back.

charging is an issue with this model, its already experiencing the same issues as the one i had previously for almost a year and replaced once through the ins i had on my contract. if i had a choice i would send it back.... the second one I bought in December is doing the same thing and had the issue an week earlier than this one. so this makes a total of 4 Galaxy blaze phones that I have had within the last year that have experienced same problem. love the phone. But this is a serious issue

GOOD:- Android 4.x- Right size, fits well in my palm (not too big).BAD:- Poor battery life.  It's not that the battery is too small, it's that the phone circuits are too energy hungry.  I notice that my phone quickly becomes hot when using 4G radio.  I installed a battery-saving "Easy Battery Saver" application that curtails phone's access to mobile and WiFi networks, and that alleviated the situation.- Two internal ROM storages ("device" and "USB card") are confusing, it would be better to have a single storage of combined size.  Add to this an optional 3rd storage (external microSD card) to even increase confusion.  ROM usage requires careful managing between the two internal storages.  Hint: Applications can only "live" on one of the two internal ROM storages; but not all applications can be moved from "device" ROM to the internal "USB card" ROM.- T-Mobile bloatware eats both RAM and internal ROM.  And there's not much spare of either of them.OVERALL, it's an OK phone for the money.

I thought that my daughter had broken her phone, but then I talked to someone in work that has the Blaze too. The phone is great when you can keep it or get it to charge. Not all chargers work on this phone for some odd reason. Some chargers actually suck life out of the battery. Now it seems like nothing charges it through the port.. Finally I found an external battery charger and we use that to swap batteries.

Got this phone for my girlfriend as a Christmas present and she loves it. Tmobile network isn't the best but she's used them for years and has no complaints. Phone is sleek, fast, responsive screen and overall very easy to use. Not the best battery life but no android has a good battery. She likes it, so I'm happy... great product.

This is a nice phone but granddaughter dropped it (about 2 feet onto hard tile) and the lcd and digitizer are broken...:o(.  Great phone for careful adults but not suitable for the youngsters.

I was look for a cheap phone that still had power and I forgot about this phone when it came out, this phone is fast and does everything you need if your look for something to get you by for now!

My other phone fell in water and could not be saved. I purchased this one as a replacement to my Galaxy S. I actually like it better. The camera takes great pics and has a flash. Another great thing, I didnt have to sign up for a two year contract. The phone came brand new in a packaging and works wonderfully.

I love this phone, but because it didn't come in its original box, I wasn't able to activate my activation card because it required some serial numbers and whatnot from the original box.

I got this used cell phone few days back..I bought it because it's review is like band new or very good condition cell phone..&#34; It's shit in condition&#34;All the way in bad condition...very very poor condition...People don't buy from this seller...

I could only load very little music on it. It was scrached and incapble of dialing numbers when it arrived.

Phone came in and is just as describe. Great phone. I would recommend to people I know. Price was great!

This is a decent phone with a great price. I didn't expect too much from the price of it but I'm definitely glad I bought it!

Let me preface by saying I'm in my early 30's and I am a mom.  I am mostly home, as I work PT out of my house.  I had been a loyal Sprint customer for 11 years.My Sprint contract was coming up.  This time, instead of just rolling over and accepting another 2-year contract (with new "dumb" phone), I decided to look around.If I would have upgraded to a smartphone with data plan, my bill with sprint would have jumped by over $30 to nearly $100/mo for just my cell phone.  So for someone who averages 75 min. talking and a lot of text messages, I couldn't see adding that much to our monthly bill.Enter T-Mobile Monthly 4g.  Wow!  I get 100 min per month and unlimited text/data, and it's less (per mo.) than I was paying with Sprint? I can definitely work with that!  So I researched all their phones and spent time on foot viewing different models.  I was unable to find the Samsung Galaxy S Blaze 4G in any store.  I knew that the Galaxy SII was too large for my small hands and just didn't feel comfortable to me.  The Galaxy S Blaze is basically the same as the SII, just smaller, with some weaker features (camera).I have been using this phone for over a week now and am EXTREMELY HAPPY!  We get spotty reception in our home and this phone has the capability of wifi calling.  So I can have perfect phone reception inside my home.  I also use wifi for data while I'm home.  It's much faster than what I can get w/o.I was able to sync the phone with my itunes and now have all music on the data card.  I bought a 32gb mini sd from Amazon.  That beefs up the storage space considerably.  I also upgraded the firmware to Android Ice Cream Sandwich.This phone now replaces my ipod touch and my "dumb" phone.I couldn't be happier!This is a great phone!  Try it!

Awesome phone. I'm so In love with the Galaxy series that my ravings have converted one HTC user an a devout I Phone owner. This phone is beautiful!

Its a great phone, it comes with a Sim card to extract files, pictures etc. battery life and speed is also good, it's easy to navigate threw and understand the phone.

Phone is great.  As I was getting set up with a carrier I was shocked to find out this phone was unlocked from Samsung.  Its been working great and has not been giving any problems to use.  I would recommend it to anyone needing a entry level phone.  It don't have all the bells and whistles but then it don't cost you as much either.  Great little phone in my book.

The phone is awesome very good. We love it so many features is very nice a high 4G phone fast internet is great. This was the best buy.

The Galaxy S Blaze is far superior to the Iphone.  It is hardier and not as many glitches, freezes etc.  It also works faster on the T-mobile network than the Iphone does.The best features:1.  The size and shape of the phone are perfect.  It has a  4-inch Super AMOLED*Screen that is very responsive. The S III, it is just too unweildly2.  The camera - takes Amazing pictures that are easy to share with a touch ofbutton.  5-megapixel camera capable of 720p HD video and a 1.3-megapixel front-  facing camera.3.  All Android phones come complete with Wi-Fi, GPS, and Bluetooth. I did not haveany problem syncing it with my contacts, facebook email etc.The not so good:1.  Swype keyboard - - hate it!  But there is an option to turn it off.2.  Battery Life after about a month, my battery life started to deteriorate.  Nowit doesn't even last 10 hours without a recharge.  Someone told me to keep theWi-Fi off and the battery will last longer.  I will give that a try this weekand see if it extends the life.Otherwise, I have no complaints!  The phone is the best.  I gave it 4 stars instead of five because of the flagging battery life*Active-Matrix Organic Light-Emitting Diode

I bought this phone and I was really excited about it. Well, just to let you know, I was horribly let down. The phone came in a generic samsung box, the manual was a dinky print out stapled together, and battery was a generic battery and not OEM, the phone didn't have the protective screen cover that you peel off, and when you turned on the phone it didn't go to the set up screen as a &#34;new&#34; phone should. Sent it back, don't buy from Catch IT.

I wanted a new phone , but did not want to pay a fortune for it. I also did not want to be under contract. I receive the phone very fast right for Christmas time. Phone has never given me problems. I do say packaging could have been better but oh well nothing happened to it in the process.

My wife and I have been looking for a replacement for her flip phone.  We saw a Samsung in Walmart for $99.98 and thought it was a good fit.  While shopping in the mall we passed a T-Mobile booth that had both phones (the one from Walmart and the Blaze) on display.  We found out the Blaze was faster than the Walmart phone and had slightly more memory.  T-Mobile was selling refurbished Samsung Blaze phones for about $250!  We picked up the Blaze from Amazon for $139!The functionality is great, the Android software is up-to-date and the couple of apps we have loaded work well.  My wife is still getting used to her first smartphone and all it can do.  The call clarity is much better than her old Samsung flip phone and the pairing with her car's Bluetooth is much easier.  It took her a few tries to really get how easy it was compared with the old phone.  She has about 18 Gig of music on her phone and we used it the last trip when the hometown radio stations faded out.  The camera takes decent snapshots and the contacts list is (in her words) &#34;much nicer&#34;.We are moving up to a complete voice, text and data plan and we will join the grandchildren in the technology we use daily.  oh yes, I'm on Social Security and the wife will join me in two years. It's never to late to learn!

Everything it claimed to be and do it is. Seems fast and responsive. Battery is satisfactory. Ringer and speaker could be louder, but I've never been happy with any phone in that regard.

This is the phone that I would recommend for a first time android user.  It runs on Android Ice Cream Sandwich which isn't the latest version of android, but you are able to download most android apps on this firmware.  Get this phone refurbished and you'll be getting a steal at 130 dollars.  I've had flagship phones before and this phone really isn't that bad compared to higher end phones.  It's pretty much a smaller version of the Galaxy S2.

We loved this phone. It is very easy to use and is just the right size. Not to big and odd, fits just right in your hand and has a good clear picture with a good camera.This was the 4th phone for me before I found one I liked.But this one is great. I about gettingam thinking  another on for my dad.

I switched to this after having an iphone for 5 years, and perhaps bc I was so used to the iphone, I found this to be not as easy to use. It's more difficult to edit Contacts, it certainly doesn't keep its' charge as long, the 4G capabilities are used up pretty fast, so it resorts to 2G and other stuff.  The good thing is that it's lighter weight.

I love this phone. It has restored my faith in Samsung. I would buy it again and definitely would recommend it to others. A must buy!!!

I got this phone from T-mobile on a $30/month, 5GB unlimited text, 100 minutes plan. The plan itself was a great deal. Additional minutes beyond the first 100 are only 10 cents and at that price you can really talk for hours and hours before you get up to a comparable contract price, but you still have unlimited text, and 5gb worth of data.The phone was great too. It was easily able to speed past my girlfriend's iphone 4 in terms of connectivity and in terms of processing I found no software it couldn't run. Rooting it was a chore but I didn't find I really needed to install too much stuff other than superuser. When I updated and it wiped my root access I didn't bother putting it back on. The tethering was the main thing I wanted root for and t-Mobile proved quite combative about that, but their prices for it were much more fair.I did come across a problem with the audio jack eventually. T-mobile was no help, they told me that the malfunction was my fault ** because I had them unlock the phone** No problem though, I sent it so Samsung, they replaced the entire side assembly and returned it to me in 7 days, round trip, audio problem resolved.** Cons** T-Mobile eventually proved to be the weak link with this phone and pushed me to a family plan with my parents on Verizon. Their customer service is just horrible. When I first signed up it took them 2 weeks and 8 phone calls to transfer my number. According to the FCC it's only supposed to take 24 hours and it actually took an FCC complaint to get my number transferred. after that it was gravy for about 9 months because I didn't have to talk to T-Mobile. I started running into service problems then though, texts with images attached wouldn't send. The tethering wouldn't work, the 4G started to slow down. Calls to T-Mobile just made things worse (literally worse, one tech managed to make the internet quit entirely before accusing me of making it quit working by having had it unlocked.)Now I have an iPhone 5 on Verizon. It's great. I love it. I still miss the Galaxy S Blaze though. (just not T-Mobile)

Great product at the right price for my daughter..  Bought an additional SIM card for my Walmart family plan, and it worked like a charm.. I will probably buy another for my son..

This phone is acceptable for a 14 year old. It's price is low enough to reduce concern over possible damage that almost always happens with a teenager.

phone works just like I expected, the phone is fast, even though the camera does not take good pictures inside, maybe the flash its not strong enough.

We started with T-mobile but wanted to get our first smart phone, but get it at a lower cost.  I was concerned that being an older model it might have glitches on the network.  I have had and used it for over a month with no problems.  I purchased one for my wife at the same time and she has no problems.  She is not very tech savvy, and she has learned to use the phone with amazing ease.  I would recommend this for anyone.  Newer phones probably have more options, but this phone has GPS, and most of the features you would want.  For one hundred and a third you cannot beat the value for the price.

This phone just stop working about 1 week ago.  I am very surprized because me & my family own 6 Samsung Phone without any problems,
