
The phone works great and their cx service was awesome. It arrived on time due to there cx service insuring it got to me.

As soon as I got the phone & tried to make phone calls nobody could hear me. I had to end up taking it to my local sprint store to have it repaired.

I received this phone two days after ordering it with no problems whatsoever! Sprint activated it with no problem and I am now using it as my daily phone. I upgraded from an EVO 4G and this thing is so much faster! Plus with it getting the upgrade to Android 4.0 ICS soon, it will be even faster. Thank you!

Does it have a clean ESN? because i just oreded a htc evo 3d and it has a bad ESN and i dont want to by another one that is bad ....please comment back .

Great phone, even when my wife complains that she cannot share or comment photos and video on Facebook. Photos have great quality and is arguably if better than my iPhone. Voice clarity is a given. From my perspective is a great phone for business, it gets the job done, never mind Facebook, which I could not care less about.

I thought there was something wrong with the phone, turns out there was nothing but a small glitch.  The seller was wonderful and was going to take the item back.  Turns out i had it fixed and it is great!

When I saw that this vendor had a 99% positive rating, I figured I couldn't go wrong... Well I have never been more wrong in my life.I had a previous HTC EVO 3D bought using an upgrade from Sprint 6 months ago. Simply put, the phone was amazing in performance and in functionality. It was the perfect phone, never had an issue, and it went with me everywhere. One day, it decided to go swimming with me, which it didn't like so much...There is no point in me carrying insurance on a phone because in the past, and up until now, I have ALWAYS been careful with my phones, and the only type of damage I would have ever been concerned about is water damage (which, naturally, is what happened). HOWEVER, the fee for a replacement after water damage is either close to, as much as, or even HIGHER than the price of a new phone. I just figured it would make more sense to cut my losses and buy a new (used) phone. This looked like a great deal!IT'S NOT.The item says it's a phone. That's not very true. The microphone enabling me to talk to people hardly works, and when I try to use voice commands, it doesn't work at all. This renders the phone about as useful as a third generation ipod touch (NOT A PHONE) with a bad wifi connection.The device overheats when I use it for anything, and this seems to make battery life horrendous (40 minutes of low intensity use, 7 hrs of standby). I drained half the battery on a 10 minute call to Sprint customer service, who could barely hear me because the microphone isn't functioning properly. I think the energy use problems are a result of the seemimgly faulty refurb.I suppose I got what I paid for: a cheap knockoff in the sense that it doesn't work like a typical HTC EVO 3D (refurbished in Taiwan). Too bad it wasn't right for me. I hope the seller plans to do something to reimburse me for my time and anguish (half my life rests in a phone, as pathetic as it sounds... but it's how I reach my friends and family!!!). I wish they would test their phones completely before selling them.

This phone was shipped on time and is a great alternative to these high plan phones. No problems with the phone . Keep up the good work.

I bought the phone because it had a really good price but ran into some problems, which the seller rectified immediately!They were prompt and courteous. I bought the phone for my gf, and so far she is happy with it.

I was in need of a &#34;new to me&#34; cell phone and the HTC Evo was perfect. The product came as ordered and so much faster than expected. The phone works well and I am very happy with this purchase and the seller.

Bought this phone when it was released two years ago. The novelty of 3D quickly wears off. Best phone I've ever had and the worst battery life of any phone I've ever had. Still works great and I plan to change the battery to a non stock battery soon. I would purchase a HTC phone again. Wish ASUS made phones for our market

The HTC Evo 3D phone is a good product, I receieved the item soon after the purchased date.  The phone did appeared to be used, the screen was scratchless over all I'm happy.

I chose this phone cause it was a great price and it works great and we have not had any problem.

There were no scratches or anything! It looked brand new and I was so happy and it came on the expected date and I loved how I got it so cheap.

very good product the delibery was ok but the price fro this cell and th quality are very good .

loved that a used phone could look so untouched. had a little lcd screen damage at the side, but kinda expected.. it was used,but noting the sprint store cant handle though :) it came right on time, definitely won me as a customer/consumor.runs fast and updated it too. htc is amazing at what they do.

My first dual-core device. If you are still toting the OG EVO, drop it and get this one if you are not up to the hype of the EVO 4g LTE

This transaction was flawless; however, I could not root the phone without using the wire trick - so be advised the HBOOT on this phone is the most current.  Otherwise, this transaction exceeded my expectations.

They dont indicate that this fone is a CDMA fone!now how can i used it on the philippines!Very bad!

bought this awhile ago. It was ok, cheap considering the specs, but I dropped it and it is now permanently destroyed. Screen black, wont boot.So.. yeah.. I probably should have purchased a case for it, still kinda sudden death.Feel like I got my moneys worth I guess.

This has been by far the worst phone I have ever owned. I thought it was cool when I first got it but quickly discovered what a hindrance hindrance the 3d camera is. It makes the phone heavy and the regular  camera is subpar, but if you don't care about quality pictures from your phone then you should have no issues except for the screen problems. I had to replace this phone twice because of the screen freezing or jumping around, opening apps when I'm not even touching it and calling people at random then freezing when you try to end the call. I replaced this hunk of junk once when my replacement phone started to do the same things my first pone did

Ive had this phone for two years now. Its still holding up. I recently dropped it and cracked the screen but its still working good. Only problem i had with it was that the camara would take pictures upside down.

I have the Sprint HTC Evo 3D phone which is excellent.Voice is clear on both my side and the other side I am talking to.The display is great on its 4.3 inch LCD screen of 540 x 960.Pictures look great. The camera is fantastic in both photos and in its movie function.I have updated it several times with different Android versions.There are plenty of apps. More than you could ask for.The Sprint phone service is somewhat expensive to me. I have unlimited talk, text and data. The monthly cost is $85.  I plan on using the Cell Phone Contract Breaker book to switch to an inexpensive service for only $9.99 per month giving me talk, unlimited text and WI-FI.Cell Phone Contract Breaker contract ebook

This is a great phone I'm in love with it. It works perfect and it came earlier than expected GET IT!!

This cell phone is great all the way around. There was no problem in connecting this to the Sprint network. The ESN was clean and its working fine. I now have a great upgrade phone without the contract required.

HTC Evo 3D phone was like brand new.  Much better quality than I expected.  I have used the phone with absolutely no problems at all.

i had the evo 4g and went to this phone and it does the job even better than the 4g, with more memory and processing power and a better battery.

i was thinking is with sim card - but it was not -so i bought it and i feel so bad with no sim card

Phone is my business lifeline. Lost phone needed a replacement ASAP.  For as little as possible. This phone was another generation of what I had. Right price, Bought it. Got it. Back on track.

This phone would be great, but my sound doesnt work, and the touch screen glitches all the time.The sound goes in and out and when it's out, i can't call or receive calls, or check voicemails.

the 3d evo is a great phone it arrived in great condition I had no problems at all with tis phone and I would recommend this phone and seller to my friends

phone is useless! first off it took two weeks to recieve because it didnt get shipped when it was supposed to be. second, when i make a call the person on the other end cant hear me, it will cost more to fix than what the phone itself was. to many of the same bad reviews,I expected the phone to be in good working order..meaning everything works on it..especially the most important part of the phone. Of course it is used and I don't expect " perfect" condition. But I certainly would have not purchased if it had Saud the speaker/Mic was not working. i will never again buy from topcell nor do i recommend to anyone!

This item was all it was discribe to be, so far no problems? We love the 3d effect and the price was very resonable.

My son requested this specific phone because some of his friends at school had this phone. One main reason was that this phone had 4g, and it is the size he wanted. He only had to purchase an SD card for more memory and so he could get more apps. Great for the price!

fast phone that is slowly getting outdated...i still like it though and i really like the cheap price. may not be as fast as a galaxy s2 but it is a little faster than an iphone 4, but not 4s.

When I received my order, I was EXTREMELY pleased with the product. It was much better than I had originally expected. I did experience an issue with the phone battery or the charger (I couldn't figure out which one was causing the problem)... So I emailed the seller about the issue and they got back to me within minutes and said it was probably the battery and they would send another out (got shipped THAT day).. I received the second package very quickly and opened it to find they sent me a new battery AND another charger. I am BEYOND pleased with the service I received and plan to purchase from them again.

The Product Charger Port was A little damage . This allowing it to stop charging and ,making  me put it into the shop so it can get fixed I didn't really get to use it ... also customer service was great!

The phone came broken the search button didn't work and the O and the M don't work on the keyboard

People writing bad reviews should save them for the seller and not the product, the EVO 3D is an amazing phone but a few people obviously bought some refurbs that were not in perfect working condition. The dual core processor in this phone is more than enough to run any apps and provide a smooth experience with no lag at any time. The phone feels nice and solid and couple with an Otterbox case will last you for years to come. The 3D pictures look amazing as well as 3D videos, haven't played any games but Spiderman looked very cool. When I wear my polarized sunglasses the screen shows off pretty rainbow colors lol. I came from an Evo 4G that I had for over a year and I was going to get an S3 but I got this phone from a friend for a hundred dollars and couldn't pass it up, its a huge leap from a single cored phone. I can't stop messing around with it, really a joy to use and as I said its powerful enough to run any task without hesitation.

Phone keeps hanging and stay frozen until I turned it off then will be okay.the slim battery was heating up so need to change it to the thicker one.I'm still hanging on with it, cuz I don't have an extra phone to use.

its been a great phone so far , no  problems  it does everything i need it to do . thanks

I got this phone about a year ago, and I was a little disappointed in the 3d camera feature. It hurts your eyes to stare at it and isn't exactly 3d but I'd still say its pretty cool. What I really like is how much tougher the screen is than phones like the iPhone. I've dropped it to points where I thought there was no way the screen wasn't completely screwed, but it came out fine aside from a few little bumps and bruises. Other than that, it glitches a little but not nearly as bad as a lot of other touch screens, and I'd say I have no real problems with it. Internet works better on it than any other phone I've ever had (I've never had an iPhone though), and I never got the urge to throw it against the wall like I did with my Samsung Moment (awful, awful phone) and wanted to with a lot of others I had. Overall, this is the best phone I've ever had and I'm glad I found it.

Since I have worked as a Sprint as a Store Manager this was one of HTC Best made phones.  I highly recommend this Smart phone it still holds itself up among newer smart phones.

i purchased this phone a month ago it was doing fine until yesterday i got up to see if it was cold or not guess what the phone wouldnt come on no more so i pull a battery out a couple times changed chargers i did everyything to see if my phone could come back on no luck so now i replaced it with my new samsung s3 there was people saying it didnt top original one because of the lack of some features like camera oh and i forgot the speakers gave up on it after battery and headphone input

I thought I was getting a NEW phone. This phone is not new. Didn't come with an SD card, the book that was in the box is not the book for this phone. However seeing as how this is a replacement phone the book is not needed I have two already but that's besides the point. The battery is crap and It doesn't do the same things my other ones did. I am so sad I was really looking forward to having a new phone that worked the same as mine did. LOVE the HTC Evo 3D phone and don't want to get any other kind but this phone was listed as NEW, and its not. Very disappointing. So

the camrea does not work and it does not recive text messages sometimes the phone freezes often and is just not good

I just got my phone and it's almost in perfect shape, battery life is fantastic, would definitely be looking to purchase again from this vendor. Thanks!

I think the title says everything I got this phone for my mother (who's in her 60's) who is technologically challenged and it's been so easy for her to navigate through. Awesome phone and seller's description of the phone was accurate.

I LOVE THIS HTC EVO 3D, REALLY FAST AS ALWAYS HTC IS KNOWN FOR THAT AND YOU WILL LIKE THE 3D FEATURE AND ITS A REALLY NICE PHONE!

this is the best phone I ever had !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! there only one thing the battery life doesn't last so long and front cam isn't that great

Got the phone on time, and in great condition. Works great, no issues and have used it no-stop for 2 weeks now. Don't really utilize the 3D capability but checked it for quality purposes and works fine as well. Not the type of guy who needs the latest and most &#34;bells and whistles&#34; just wanted something more modern. This vendor and phone answered that purpose and will use this vendor again.

one word Satisfied!.. it was cheap and has been working great with no problems. Arrived very quick, my quetions were answered quickly and percisely. Description of item was accurate and saved money not getting a brand new one. Just all round very efficient and helpful. Will defentily do business with amazon from now on. five stars

Alright everyone, this is a review on the HTC EVO 3D, one of my favorite phones aside from the iPhone from Apple. The Htc Evo 3D is a great phone that is perfect for anyone who wants a really nice phone. Now for the main review...The Display:The display on the Evo 3D is great on its 4.3 inch LCD screen. With a 540 x 960 qHD 3D Display its screen looks really nice. I posted some pictures of the phone's screen, flash, and text sharpness. Feel free to check those out to get an idea of how nice the screen of this phone looks. Note that this display looks great, but it can't compare to Apple's Retina Display.The Battery:With a rechargeable 1730 mAh Battery the battery life on the Evo 3D is O.K. It will last you an entire day with some occasional uses throughout the day. If you use the phone a lot you will have to recharge it again at least once throughout the day.The Camera:The phone has a 5 Mega Pixel Camera that is capable of taking some really nice photos in both normal and in 3D. The 3D does tend to hurt/bother the eyes from the people that I have asked. It does look nice, but if you are watching a movie/slide show in 3D you will probably have to take a break from the 3D to avoid bothering the eyes.Now when you first get the phone it is going to be running Android 2.3 (Gingerbread), you will have to update it various times in order to get the latest Android version. After you update your phone completely it will be running Android 4.03 (Ice Cream Sandwich). With the New Update come new looks to the phone. It also will upgrade to the new Google Play Store instead of the old Android Market. There are tons of new things in the Google Play store that the old version of Android did not have.Overall: If you want a good looking phone that takes amazing pictures in both regular and in 3D. This is a really nice phone. The battery life could be better, but considering it's a smart phone it is O.K. I would rate this 5 stars out of 5 stars.

Terrible item! And when you try to return, they take over month and two weeks to refund money after it only takes a minute to take your money! If they could get less than one I would give them a zero!

When my old phone ( htc evo shift ) cracked i had to get a new one within a month. This was only about $200 dollars. It was truly worth every penny i payed!

The camera is fun to mess around with.The device has 0 lag.Has Android 4.0.3.An Its FASTThe device is not bad at all. I wish it could at least be upgradable to Android 4.1. The device sports a very high quality camera and plays games and allows flash videos to work perfectly. This phone is still on display and still can be purchsed out of the store brand new! This device is awsome, I love it.

Ordered the phone on friday, got it on monday with standard shipping. The phone is obviously used, but in very good condition. Battery doesnt seem to last as long as it should but it does work. Took 5 mins to get it set up to work on an existing sprint account. Very happy,would buy again.

I just had recently broken my galaxy s2 and need a replacement phone fast so I stumbled upon the EVO 3d and I have to say it was an excellent choice it is a great phone and the description said like New it should've said brand new there was no scratches,cracks,dents etc. Great phone actually like it better than the s2 highly recommend this phone

Was happy to get this. My original EVO 3d fell in the water and the display never recovered. I was easy to migrate my information to this operational EVO 3d and get it registered back on Sprint.

Item arrived as described and on time.  Works well, although has its moments like any smartphone does.  Glad this one came with a higher OS.

Bought this phone for my sons bday and when I went to activate it at sprint was told that it had been flashed to another carrier. So in short it is useless to me. Waste of my hard earned money!!!

it works slow. the GPS sound is very slow. it drops too many calls. my advice to everyone is buy new phones not old ones

The HTC EVO 3D is undoubtedly one of the world's most amazing phone, Dual Core, 4.3 &#34;960x540, 1GB RAM, this is surmountable and everyday, but a cell phone with stereoscopic 3D screen without glasses, together with a 3D camera with photos and 720p video with quality and this phone esquisites not found in any other of the world today.The EVO 3D is a phone to enjoy, for people who are willing to grasp the world as it really is and see spectacular images with deep, highly recommended for people who have TVs with 3D technology, but let's be direct.good- It's a sturdy phone and very good quality, with a great finish and a superb 2D and 3D display.- The quality of the camera is very good, and handles well as long as you do not put backlit.- Removable battery and expandable memory, which allows us to have spare battery and storage you want.- Dedicated camera button, a lot of people do not like, but not having to hit the button on the screen and have a button in a comfortable position to shoot, is very good.- Is an amazing phone even without the 3D.bad- Not the phone with good autonomy.- Sometimes can be heated- This is NOT a phone for everyone.The important thing when buying this phone is knowing that is an HTC (feeling, multi materials ...) and is for those who want a good phone with extra 3D, this is the perfect phone to my mind so I recommend it to anyone who catches your eye 3D.

Great,..The phones works great. The phone came on time, as scheduled. The phone was worth my money. I liked the 3D

HTC EVO 3D worked flawless for a year. Exactly a week after expiry of 1 year warranty, there was a problem with hearing other person. Took the phone to Sprint Repair Center who were able to fix the problem for $40 insurance. Giving 2 star for cheap part used by HTC. Most likely won't purchase HTC phone when the contract is up for renewal in a year.

Broke the screen on my new Samsung 4 , costs $200 to repair, bought this phone for $45 , free shipping, phone arrived within 3 days, phone was like new, is working great, no complaints here!

3d cameras cost about $160.You can get this phone for less than that. If you don't bother activating it, you can still use it.This phone also can be upgraded to android 4.03. And it has a 3d screen to watch 3d movies on. And a dual core processor. And expandable storage.It's the best multi-media device you can get. Better than the Galaxy S wifi.There are a few downsides. It is very big and heavy. Android OS is good but not as good as iOS. Just little things like page scrolling are not done as well. The Chrome browser does not work correctly on this device. The software keyboard when running chrome occasionally bugs out. The capacitive buttons I always end up hitting by accident and kicked out of the application I was running. Battery life isn't great even though it is so big. There is a lot of noise coming from the headphone jack. They apparently didn't properly ground it.That aside, this is a gem. 3d photography is really neat. Get it before it is discontinued for good.

This phone has many faults, so I will try to be concise.1.  Despite having a dual-core processor, (which is why I bought the phone), the OS moves like it is churning butter.  Visuals are laggy, and the OS is slow to respond to commands.  I blame this on the bloatware fills this phone to the brim.2.  The WiFi connections are terrible.  My coworkers have had no problems with the WiFi in our office, but I can not get a signal.  This is replicated at internet cafes or other areas where WiFi is available.  I took this to a Sprint store because it must be a hardware issue, but they were not able to find any problems, just a low-quality wifi receiver.3.  The call quality is atrocious.  Be prepared to ask people to repeat themselves often.  Speech becomes garbled and sounds like an electronic remix of a fork in a garbage disposal.4.  The only thing more annoying than trying to use your phone to talk to people is trying to use your phone to listen to music using the headphone jack.  For some reason (demonic possession?), the phone seems to think that your headphones, which have no microphone attached to them at all, can transmit your voice.  As such, the phone CONSTANTLY tries to open the voice commands option included in the bloated OS.  If it can't open the Voice Commands app, it instead helpfully calls random people from your contacts, or, my personal favorite, begins playing the random awful music samples loaded inside the phone.Summary:  Don't buy. There are better phones that do not have a host of hardware issues.

i had a problem and they took care of it promptly with no trouble. really cares about the customer and their needs!!

I ordered 2 HTC Evo 4G.  Had to return the 1st phone  2 days after receiving it as the charging device in phone would not let you charge the phone.  Returned and received the replacement which was about 17 days later and the second phone that had been ordered on original order would not charge.  It had the same charging problem as the 1st phone that was returned.  Sprint said that is why they had discontinued the model as they had so many problems with the charging device in the phone.  The Second phone was returned on 7-8-13 requesting a refund on it instead of being replaced.  Planet Mobil was very nice when I returned the first phone and have not heard back on the second.  Need to have merchandise that is not outdated.

I'm using this "phone" as an mp3 player because I don't like ipods. For $150 it was basically the cheapest "mp3 player" that had a touchscreen, wifi, flexible storage capacity, replaceable batteries, camera, and a dual core CPU. I don't use it as a phone because of its relatively high SAR rating (1.04 I believe) and also I don't feel like paying $20-30 for a data plan every month.PROS:-Dual core CPU, 1.2ghz each-720p HD recording-Decent capacity battery-Not too small, not too big-Good quality display-Ice Cream Sandwich functions well-Fast touch input response-Sound quality isn't too shabby-Decent camera (photos)-Good price (got mine refurbished for about 1/2 the retail price, came brand new basically with no blemishes whatsoever)CONS:-Video camera isn't amazing quality, zoom function barely works (only digital zoom, not optical), pictures and videos can be blurry in low light situations-Dual camera is kind of useless (3D function is neat but hurts my eyes)-Slightly heavier than expected, heavier than an iPhone-HTC Sense sucks-Touchscreen is a little TOO responsive at times... if you even hover your finger near the screen it might accidentally register it as a touch-Battery lasts about 1 day without charge of moderate to heavy use, or 2.5 days with light useMy biggest gripe with this device is that the camera could be of better quality. Instead of putting in a useless 3D feature, HTC should really have upped a single lens to 1080p or better optical/digital zoom with more consistent performance in low light areas. Otherwise a good, handy, reliable device that's served me well so far.

This phone is great, speedy, and has more than enough juice to do almost anything you need.  great touch screen responce and the 3d aspect is nifty.  Upgraded from a Huewie acend and this is WAY better.

THE PHONE IS GOOD AND NICE.FOR THE PRICE WAS HAVING SUPER.I do not regret purchasing it. IS GOOD.

Great phone, fast, 3D camera feature is really cool. A bit heavy in weight..seller described the phone perfectly. satisfied with the purchase..

The digitizer on the screen has a couple dead spots and glitches. The phone otherwise seems to be in ok condition

is this cell work with boostmobile carrier????? just need to know because i got boostmobile account please let me know sun as posibble thanks

Bought this phone right before leaving for a long overseas trip.  Needed it fast and as always Amazon did not disappoint in that aspect.TERRIBLE battery life right out of the box and battery takes about 2.5 hours to fully charge from dead....may need a replacement battery? Lasts about 4 hours with medium usage.  Cheap phone when I needed one without extending service contract for Sprint...I do not regret this purchase just wish I didn't have to constantly be attached to an outlet.I do not hate the Android setup after coming from an iphone.  Easy to use.

DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY, IT WAS GOING UNTIL THE SCREEN START MESSING UP. VERY CHEAP BUT YOU KNOW ITS ALWAYS SOMETHING

the product was in good.condition when i got it. phone does freeze up occasionally and i cannot listen to music with the auxillary port. over all i am satisfied but the music was the main reason for my purchase.

The phone was really nice and it looks practically brand new. but it was given to me with a water damaged battery. two stars, more money I have to spend and buy a new one.

I got a phone and it was terrrible. The top part of the screen does not work and it randomly starts doing things on it's own. I tried a hard reset, soft reset, you name it. This was below acceptable. This seller does not even deserve to be on Amazon. DO NOT PURCHASE FORM THIS SELLER, YOU WILL REGRET IT!

I Love the phone itself, but After only having it for 3 months, It freezes a lot and I have to keep taking my battery out in order to get it going again.  Have to take battery out at least twice a week.

I have had this phone for about a year, and it is terrific. One of the first phones to come out with a large screen, and dual core processor, which everyone is copying now. battery life is not great, so try to keep it plugged in whenever you can. 3d works great, but takes a while to get use to looking at it. Feels slim and comfortable in your pocket. Volume sometimes seems a little bit low. Am holding on to this until I see what apple does with the new iphone 5. but even then, may stay with android which works great.
