
I have had this phone for a year and I can say it's hands down the best I've ever owned. LG has won my brand loyalty with the NOVA display. It is a special type that allows it to be seen in daylight without your device automatically going full brightness and as a bike rider I can't go on without it! I wear a pretty heavy vision prescription so keeping the screen pitch black for battery life isn't an option and my old iPhone 3s would just quit on me at the worst times.The pitfall of this device isn't the phone itself but the Gingerbread 2.3.4 version it's running on. Once the phone updated to this whenever I plug it in I cannot use the keyboard without crazy haptic feedback and the keyboard filling the screen with letters. I just don't use it while charging any longer. So I beg you LG update this phone to Galaxy S3 proportions because the NOVA display is worth every cent and give us the Jellybean OS to boot.

I purchased this phone in mid March this year. A little over a month later the phone shuts off and won't turn on. I sent it to LG and they told me it has EXTENSIVE CORROSION even though the phone has never touched any water while in my possession. Then LG told me the corrosion is so extensive that it's been rotting for far longer then a month so in other words ShopCellDeals sold me a refurbished phone but claimed it was new!!! I was mislead thinking I received a new phone. This is UNACCEPTABLE!! OUTRAGED AND EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!

In all fairness i haven't owned this product long enough to give it a fair review, so i will be updating this review in time.  Still thus far i have noticed that it is slower than my older boost prevail as far as loading web pages and even on boot up of the phone.  The splash screen is the first thing you'll notice.  The boost logo lags like crazy and the startup music follows suit.  Once the phone is running it seems fine, same with webpages after they have loaded.  Its not so bad that its of any real concern, and by no means am i saying my Prevail was a better phone though it was a solid phone for what it was... Just would have thought this phone was light years ahead.  Aside from the already reported bad battery phone, this phone is a decent phone for general use a then some.  Maybe not the best smartphones out there right now, but a solid phone for what boost has to offer at the moment.

I am pretty happy with almost every thing? I love My new phone..The battery goes dead FAST!!!Right now my phone is smarter

Very nice phone for watch movie and listen to music,pictures and so on... good internal memory, almost perfect, but the mini USB charger is in the worst place they could put, it's hard do anything when it's charging, you can't reach the power botom or the other side,if you are driving forget about the phone, and IT'S NOT compatible with Tango.me (face time idea, problably with other application to) I advise YOU to check with the LG company the compatibility and functions you going to use. Now I am use Samsung transform ultra, it's has what i need. if you are not that kind of video person the LG Marquee may can fit your needs.

I love this phone, it is perfect size for me it the functions are easy and accessible. I do have a couple quirks the charging port is on the top of the phone which makes it more difficult to use while plugged in and the speaker is in an awkward position if you don't hold the phone just right people are sometimes hard to hear.  I also think the speaker sound is lower than my previous phone if you have someone on speaker or just when it is ringing.  (I have the same ringtone downloaded) But overall I am very happy with this phone.

He says its cool. it takes a little while to figure out the corks but once you do it's smooth sailing. Real sleek phone nice size screen and screen picture quality is good too.

great phone ive so far!  Boost mobile is great with 3G speeds and a great Sprint coverage and with a shrinkage plan that goes all a way to $40!  i cant complaint

To Start Off With It Says It Only  Has A 5 Hour Battery Life , And They Arent Playing .. Some Days I Would Check The Time And The Phone Would Be Completely Dead An Hour After I Took It Off The Charger.. It Is Not Worth The Money . Over Priced For A CHEAP Phone . And It Also Freezes Up And It Wont Let Me Get On The Internet .

The phone works great, I love it! They sent me 4 hard cases to go with it as well, but only one fit, they others didnt line up and wouldnt clip on, but hey it was a gift with it so I can't complain, they phone itself works like it should!

This phone is a very high end phone. I like the bright colorful screens and the front facing camera a lot. Although I knew coming into purchasing this phone that other reviewers said the battery life was bad and I should have really thought this through. This phone was my very first android or smart phone in general. I got a bad first smart phone experience because even though the phone has GREAT features the battery is UNREAL. I mean I am not a really heavy user, maybe just texting and facebook a couple times a day and from just sitting in my pocket or checking the time every once in a while i had to charge the phone 2-3 times a day. I mean from coming from a feature phone, my old samsung rant, I am still to this day in shock of how HORRIBLE the battery life is. Another thing I was shocked about is that even when you are hooked up to the charger and using your phone simultaneously your phone will actually DRAIN battery while in use. The battery itself when phone is idle takes about 3-4 hours to fully charge. The phone takes GREAT pictures, has capabilities for AWESOMe apps and watching videos is great. But all in all I would not only not recommend this phone to someone I would STRONGLY suggest not wasting your moneyy on this battery GUZZLER. 3G sucks by the way..I didn't really know this as i was not "smart phone savy" but it is very slow. Also this phone is slightly LAGGy when using some apps and internet. Very Dissapointed customer, Wont be buying from LG anytime in my future :/

Rating 5 stars cause its good Got it for hubby Yea it does lag ones a while but it need to sync and update and back to normal will recommend to anyone good price too

The phone is awesome so far, great price and Boost is awesome.  I get better reception where I live with Boost then I ever did with AT&T.;  For a long time, my husband and I resisted upgrading our phones because #1 the exorbitant cost for the phone itself, #2 activation fees, #3 2-year contract, and #4 the ridiculous monthly fee and still you're not getting unlimited web!  Not to mention, it is a fairly new development with these pre-paid carriers to actually carry good phones.  So it was a no brainer to go with Boost for their price and the quality of phones.  I mean, I could spend $200 to get an iPhone 4S + $18 activation fee + $100 per month phone bill and of course I'll have 4G! Or I can spend $230 (thru this awesome Amazon dealer, more on this later) with NO activation fee and a $60 per month (which includes phone insurance) phone bill instead (oh and the shrinkage thru Boost!!).Onto the phone - I love it so far.  No complaints.  The screen is nice and big and bright.  The phone itself is much lighter than the iPhone.Lastly, the seller - awesome seller.  I was worried about buying a phone thru a non-Amazon dealer.  However, I did read the seller's reviews both on Amazon and eBay and felt comfortable to purchase from the seller.  I ordered the phone Friday after work and I got the phone the following Monday!!!! The phone was BRAND NEW in original packaging.  I saved $50 buying it from this seller =)

I was in love with this phone but after using it for a while I fell out of love with it fast. The nova display is awesome but it contributes to running the battery down so I turn the brightness down which defeats the purpose of having the bright display in the first place. Task killer does help a little with the other apps but it's still bad on the battery. Before half way through the day I was down to 40% with little use (only a few phone calls).The speaker sounded very bad. I thought there was an issue with that particular phone so I exchanged it but the speakers were still bad, and by bad I mean it sounded like it was about to blow... like there no bass... the sound was audible but the quality was terrible.This phone lags terribly. This happened with the two Marquees that I got. The keyboard lagged whenever I used it and it would sometimes blink when typing like there is a glitch. The response time when opening apps was very slow compared to the other droid phone I had before. I didn't see any of these things happening on the videos I watched about this phone so I really thought I had a bad phone... but two in a row? I sucked it up and worked with the phone but then....After some time, the phone started to restart randomly whenever someone would call. This put me over the edge. I removed some apps just to be sure there wasn't a conflict but it still kept happening. I searched the internet and found that it was happening to others and they were told to wait on an update from LG... that was last year! The last straw was when the phone restarted twice in one day. Apparently this phone has a single core processor that is not good enough to support the awesome display screen along with everything else. I returned it for a much better phone that was cheaper.Also, there is no indicator light on this phone. You can get an app that puts a small light on the screen but that's a waste of battery.

The Good1. The Screen is big, sharp, and clear.2. Size is very hand friendly.3. Pure Google no skins and almost no carrier apps.4. Camera.5. Processor.The Bad1. Battery life.2. Radio signal.3. No LED Notifications.4. Over heats, used couple of them with same results.The UglyOn this one I have to say that the phone wont keep a charge when plugged in to a charger while in use lets say while streaming music online or using the navigator on previous androids i was able to do this with out any problems.DevelopmentThe phone is very root friendly the only issue is with the new update it will kill root and if updated you wont be able to gain root for the moment. There are roms available already as well kernels.I can't really give a good review since i have the phone rooted and have a custom rom installed but i can say with these modifications the more serious issues weren't address such a the phone over heating or very poor signal strength. The phone itself is nice not too large is fast but it could have been faster with more ram. The camera is nice IT takes decent pictures haven't really tried the front camera so can't say much. The OS is good as well, with pure gingerbread the phone runs smoothly. No news on when the phone is going to updated to ice scream sandwich if ever but I don't put my hopes high at this moment really few phones have ICS. The reason I gave it 2 star is the fact that the phone won't keep a charge while plugged in to a usb cable or ac when you are using it like a stated above but everything else is pretty solid do. Even do i have the phone for almost two months i will be switching to a different model there a rumors running that the HTC Evo Design 4G is heading to Boost with the launch of Boost's 4G network by mid year.Update 7/2/2012After some digging around the issues with the phone not being able to keep a charged while plugged in during use its due to the poor signal strength in my area even do in Boost's web site it indicates that i should have very good coverage

Very pleased with this phone. I normally am not a fan of touch screen's due to glitching and whatnot but I really enjoy the touch screen on this phone. Upgraded from blackberry curve and couldnt be happier for the price.

I bought this for my stepson who uses it extensively in his business which requires him to be in the field maintaining and repairing pleasure boats.

Im curious if this item can be returned I got this as a birthday present and I've experienced defects lately, starters it said no sd card found , error and wouldn't allow connectivity now it gets super hot! I mean burn my finger type hot!

This product is... Easy to use, Fast, CLEAR, Great picture quality Good video qualityI'd been using the Samsung Galaxy Prevail on Boost Mobile for over a year (bought it the minute it came out), recently upgraded to (this) LG Marquee.The first benefit is all the Internal Storage Space, available to the user. I don't have to scrimp on APP shopping anymore, as I did on the Galaxy Prevail,and that (for me) is HUGE.The Display is SHARP, clean, clear, crisp, Crystaline! This phone has the LG "Nova" Display. Photos POP on this, and videos look great.The phone is THIN, much more so than I had expected. It feels nice in the hand and the sleekness of the design gives it a look & feel of a premium (much more expensive) phone or device. BIG difference between this and the LTE Warp.Call quality is great, Bluetooth and WiFi are flawless. For those who bemoan poor battery life, guess what? Smart phones are like digital cameras, they will chomp, eat and relentlessly DRAIN batteries! Get used to it, or buy a non-android / non-blackberry / non-windows / non- ios / non-smart phone.One of the few issues I have with the LG Marquee, is that the Charging Port is on the Top of the phone. Seems strange and it does (for me) interfere with routine operation of the phone, while charging. The only other phone I've owned that did this, was an LG900 from NET10 (not a smart phone). Ironically, I can use the same charger as that old Net10 cheapie.I labored over this decision a bit, as my Samsung Galaxy was (and still is) a great phone. I didn't really NEED this, but ... Ten minutes after getting it home, unpacked, fired up and activated, I was thanking myself profusely for having done so. This is one of the most gratifying purchases I've made in a long time.I was also surprised at how easy it was to upgrade(from my Samsung Galaxy Prevail) at Boost Mobile - I forfeited six months of "shrinkage" by upgrading, which is what they do now ... if you're on the original $50-dollar plan, you'll be forced to the newer $55-dollar plan when you upgrade your handset.... meaning, I am now paying $45 per month, up from $40, which is the least you can pay on Boost Mobile (used to be $35.00). I still LOVE the flat rate, no-tricks of Boost Mobile and consider the extra five bucks worth every dime.Overall - anybody who is sitting on the fence with this, take one look at the ZTE Warp from Boost ... take one look at Virgin Mobile's Motorola Triumph, then thank your lucky stars you decided on THIS instead. If you are one of those people who must have 4G and Android ICS, stay away - or wait for Virgin Mobile's release of their first 4G phone in about a week or so.For me, and for everybody else, this phone is just about perfect. Yes, you'll see some reviews on this that are not so kind; frankly, I have no idea what they are all about. As a buyer / subscriber / owner of this, I have no bad words or thoughts toward this excellent phone.

The LG Marquee is a mixed bag for me.. here is why.I love Boost mobile. For 55 bucks a month you get unlimited data, calls, and text. Every six months you are with them your bill lowers five dollars, all the way to 40.00 in two years.If you never have to call Boost customer care, you should be fine. If you do, you will begin to realize why the price is the way it is. Customer service is dismal at best with this company. I have been with boost mobile for a year now and overall am very happy with my service.This is where we come to the LG Marquee.I would describe the LG marquee as a very powerful phone that is under powered. The screen is beautiful, bright and clear, LG calls it Nova. It is actually the same type of screen used on the iphone just with lower resolution. This phone has a very good front and rear camera and is very thin and nice looking. The problem with the phone is all this is being powered with a single core processor. This leads to slow transitions between apps, and it is slower on loading apps. There are times when you will have to wait for it to switch between landscape and photo mode and just general issues with crashing.I am not going to keep this phone because glitching will only get worse.Now you may ask what phone do you recommend? I had the Samsung prevail and loved it. Really you have two other options, The ZTE warp and the Samsung Transform Ultra. I would recommend these two over the LG marquee because they are properly equipped with the hardware they need to be a long lasting, durable phone.Thanks for reading!

Your so called car charger is the wrong kind of car charger. It dose not fit the phone. And the phone crashes constantly

The volume is not loud enough on calls & music for me. Otherwise pleased with the phone.  This is my third smart phone.

I have had this phone for a week now, and I am loving it. I had the ZTE WARP and it really did good for the first couple of weeks. THEN it went to crap fast! Constantly crashing, shutting off all the time and it would for some reason not let me do anything at some points. I had to constantly take the battery out and reset it. BUT this LG MARQUEE is nice, everyone is complaining about the lag that is on it, and yes it has a slight lag some times but it is a reasonable issue. I have not had it crash on me yet. The other thing is the battery life, IT SUCKS! BUT...get a bigger battery and you have one rocking phone that will stay on for a much longer time. That is what I did. The Nova screen is beautiful and bright! I will give an update if this phone gives me any problems. But it has not so far. :D

I had my hesitations when switching over to boost, but this phone has been a great phone and pretty quick. would buy again. I love the slim design.

The phone works great nothing really bad to say but you won't be able to see your text messages if you are on a phone call which i think sucks. Everything else is great. Now talking about this seller Shopcelldeals.... Theses guys are nothing but crooks. Had an issue with the phone and returned the phone for a refund they claimed they did not get the phone back when i know they did opened up a claim and i got denied and they won the claim which i think was wrong. I did appeal it and i still lost. Do not do business with them at all you will regret it.

Received product as assured with tracking information. Great value for the price. Great phone and nice features like 2GB of internal memory (ROM), sleek design. Works great so far and enjoying this purchase.To compare this phone Vs. other smartphones in the market, [...]

Bought this for my little brother for Christmas and he absolutely loves this. Now he won't get off the phone!!!!

Brand new product in box.  Got a surprise with 5 different phone cases with it.  Also a car charger.  Great company to shop with.  They go beyond your expectations.

With the BoostMobile shrinkage plan, there is almost no company that can beat that, so I really wanted to keep that plan, having a nince phone and be able to check email, surf the web and more. I read every single review on the BoostMobile devices and I almost went for the ZTE until some reviews recommended the LG Marquee better. The Boost Store has that phone for 280.00 plus taxes and I didn't really want to spend that much, considering that you have to add 5.00 to your monthly payment for the Android part. I purchased this phone and I am aware that the company has not great coverage but if you do not travel a lot and the internet on the phone is not an absolute need, then this phone is perfect for you. The unlimited texting, internet, messaging and international phone calls for 55.00 a month is really hard to beat! I am pleased with my phone. You really have to get a gel or any other type case or protector because it has no good grip. The apps sometimes work slow but in general it gives a satisfactory usage.

From reading the reviews, I had thought this phone would have been slow, but it was underestimated.  This phone, however, is poor in sound quality.  My music speaker volume is very weak when playing music aloud via Pandora/ringtones.  The phone, otherwise, operates normally, serves all its proper functions as an android phone. I'd give this phone a 4.5 if amazon let me do this.  Due to the service of the seller, they are owed 5 stars.  The seller was prompt, and I received my product in very fast time.

Great phone love it always learning something new bout it everyday a must have if u use boost as ur cell phone carrier

Althought I like this phone I would recommend it to people who doesn't use their phone persistently because the battery life is a tad bit on the short side, but over all nice phone reminds me of an iPhone...

Bought this phone for my husband.  He absolutely loves it.  We received this item very quickly.  The phone is fast and my husband loves the front facing camera.

The phone is great! I got it about 8 months ago and it's doing pretty good. It is starting to lag a abit, but I plan on getting the Samsung Galaxy SII from Boost anyway. But this phone is great for the price!

Perfect phone for a budget bill...love the Android OS and love the bill even more...no more$100+ bills...Thanks shopcelldeals and Boost

Very thin, Great screen Nova touch screen, very senitive to touch very nice compare to others ive tried, easy to activate and android features are great! No regrets on this purchase! Shipping was ontime and very well packaged...

Este mensaje nada q ver con el vendedor es para el fabricante 2-le doy menos dos estrellas porque es una basura de celular lo peor q e tenido mala se&ntilde;al y lo m&aacute;s lento a&uacute;n as&iacute; cuando esta conectado al wi-fi vaya que es un robo copear esta basura extra&ntilde;o mucho My warp ZTE m&aacute;s econ&oacute;mico y se&ntilde;al incomparable que este lg marque bueno en fin ni llorar es bueno NO RECOMENDABLE ESTA BASURA

Worst phone I've ever owned on top of my  battery percent dropping 1% every few minutes it's always freezing up and running slow this is not one of LGs so called "smart phones" it does have a pretty decent camera for only being a 5 mega pixel

This phone didn't even last a year.  after 7-8 months it wouldn't even charge anymore.  I tried multiple chargers and only my phone charger would work.  The battery would decrease to 0 within 30-45 minutes and would decrease substantially from even the most minimal use (text, talk, email, etc)  Initially the seller orderinstant(USA) said they could either refund or replace it with a samsung galaxy s2 so i mailed the defective phone in.  A week later I call them and then they say they don't have the s2 and that they could only replace it with another lg marquee.  I told them I wanted a refund and they refused.  The manager was very rude and could barely even speak english!AVOID orderinstant(USA) AT ALL COSTS!

I got exactly what I wanted and at a great price. I couldnt have ask for more .I would recomend this for anyone looking for a good phoneol

Fast shipping, ordered it on Saturday morning and had it at my door Monday morning!Brand new, non gray market, factory sealed box, with all the peripherals and the included car charger. This phone also has the same return policy as Amazon's 30 day returns.The battery does go fast, but I ordered two spares and a portable charger to remedy that.I was a long time Verizon customer (22 years to be exact).  Since Verizon has no long term loyalty, I went to where someone does, Boost. I'm really digging this no contract thing.My number ported within an hour or so, I was up and running in no time.I really like the size and weight of this phone. It really is very slim and light, great for the pocket.  Not a lot of bloat ware. Great auto focus camera and flash also.If you are not a heavy user like me and don't need the most powerful phone out there, I think you will be quite pleased with this phone.I have had no problems with the phone at all.  If I do, I will update this post.I do have an issue with Boost however.  It seems that no taxes or fees does not apply to state sales tax.  OK, I get it, I pay state tax on top of the unlimited monthly fee, but Boost has charged me $2.00 over and above my state sales tax and can't seem to tell me why. I have now inquired three times and still have no answer. All they tell me is, I have to pay state tax on the time I buy, I know, but what is the extra two dollars of absolutely no extra fees for?  When I get an answer I will update.I rated the phone five stars because Boost customer service has nothing to do with the phone.  It's a great phone; in fact it is my fourth LG phone.Update: After approximately one month of use, I really like this phone and the service.Update: I have been with Boost for three months now. I love the service and have had absolutely no problems. I use prepaid cards and do not get charged any taxes or extra fees. In fact, the cards I buy cost about a dollar and a half less then face value, but charge up the service the face value amount. As stated, I am very pleased with the phone and Boost service.Update: June 6th 2012. I just went to Pincheap to charge up my Boost account. When I got to the site, there was a notice that Boost was no longer giving Pincheap a discount. The refills from Pincheap for Boost mobile are now at face value, no more discounts. They still do not have any extra fees attached to them which is good.

Excellent purchase! I received it a few days b4 expected which is Great. I wasn't looking forward to spending a whole lot on a phone and thru my experience with this phone I learned that it's NOT NECESSRY! Who knew, right. We learn something everyday.

I love this phone, hadn't any problems those some people complain about battery life. This is my first Android & I truly love it.

Okay, so i received this phone on March 31st, I've had that time to get familiar with most everything. I am a teen, I basically (meaning my last one got stolen.) upgraded from a Samsung Galaxy Prevail (Precedent). I wanted an affordable android, one that had reasonable space to upload a couple good gaming apps, ect.Well, fist off i had a hell of a time getting the thing activated, it probably took 6 hours, 4 of those hours spent on the phone with random Boost Mobile Reps, none were helpful except the last one.. obviously. &lt;-- that has really nothing to do with the phone, but forewarning about the service holders, i still have nothing serious against boost mobile though.Well once i got  activation service i was as happy as could be, and i got it over spring break so i had extra time to get to know it!~So, i noticed as i think many people have, it has the shortest battery life in the world!!! I am at school for about 8 hours, by time i'm in my fourth hour (7:00 am - 12:16) the battery is on red :[ I have a charger i carry around with me everywhere for that case, many people wouldn't like that though, i myself was thinking about returning it.~Good thing, I really enjoy the display, very pretty vivid, but i don't know if its normal that the screen has a somewhat green tone too it all the time when not at the fullest brightness.~I also enjoy that this phone has Adobe Flash, as my previous phone was not compatible :]~Bad thing, When the battery gets low (when the battery icon turns orange, worse when red), the touch screen can become almost unresponsive or laggy, certain areas on the screen will not respond at all :[ it's vexing to type on the keyboard while this is happening words end up like- sdkjsdfkdh -that :\~Recently, maybe the past couple of days, the phone has been crashing then restarting when i try to run certain apps, camera or gallery, Osmos HD, Fruit Ninja, internet browser, and once or twice while calling someone. &lt;-- super annoying. But i believe this may be having something to do with the update i just had to install on it.. if the errors persist, i'll just do a factory restore and see how it goes.That is the end... i'll probly update again sooner or later, i was thinking about returning the phone, but i don't really want to..

It's ok but gets hot fast and battery die quick but other that its and ok phone now i need insurance for it.

I was a bit skeptical after my last smart phone purchase went south.  I bought a HTC HD2 from T-Mobile.  I returned the phone due to the glitches.  They sent me a new one promptly but that one had the same issues.  Well the third time wasn't a charm and I gave up.Two years later I make this purchase.  I am in love.  Its a great phone. I don't find any problems with the battery life and I am on it a lot.  I charge it over night and it lasts all day.It has no lag and it has only froze one time since I bought it in February.  The 3g is great also and I haven't had any problems with the internet connection.I could go on and on but I think I have made my opinion known.

I downloaded a countdown app for my Thrive tablet a few months back and have been literally tracking the days until I was freed from my cell phone contract and able to jump ship. In that time, I've done plenty of research into no-contract phones, and honed in on either Virgin Mobile's Motorola Triumph or Boost Mobile's LG Marquee. I even bought a $5 flip phone at Target and activated it with $10 of minutes just to test out Virgin's network. Both Virgin and Boost are owned by Sprint, and the cell coverage was just as good in my tests with that $5 flip phone. So I've been itching to get a no-contract smartphone and stop being needlessly gouged by contract service providers. I was leaning heavily toward Triumph, but at the last minute, decided on the Marquee for a few specific reasons.First Things First:Now that my Sprint contract is finally up, I feel like I've just been released from prison or something, and vow to never get suckered into another cell phone contract again. I've been under contract with AT&T;, Verizon and now Sprint. Of the 3, Sprint has the best prices and their service is on par with the other 2 providers. I'm happy with Sprint's coverage, but the phone they sold me turned out to be a colossal dud a few months in, and they didn't care to do a thing about it since I was shackled for 2 years. So I've been counting the years, months and days until I could finally be freed from contract oblivion and get a phone that actually works! The phone I'm gladly dumping, The Samsung Moment, got 90 minutes of battery life at best, and took 10 minutes just to boot up!! My "wireless" phone was constantly tethered to a charger, was plagued with CPU hangs and lock-ups, and virtually every task was the epitome of tedium. Someone could literally die if they needed to rely on that phone in an emergency. I'm in a wheelchair, and I'd be better off trying to walk to the police than call 911 with that piece o' junk -- good riddance!Pre-Paid Stigma?I don't get why most people willingly commit themselves to a 2 year contract with any service provider. I was duped into the false sense of security just like everyone else, but I've learned my lesson. Sure, maybe you'll get a "free" phone up front, or get suckered into believing the mail-in rebates are a great deal, or that 4G coverage actually matters when NONE of the providers can offer that speed consistently as of this writing. But in reality, there's virtually NO reason to be bound to a 2 year contract. I see how it benefits service providers, but there's virtually no upside to the consumer whatsoever -- nada, nothing, zip, zilch, zero -- period. It seems prepaid cell phones have a stigma associated with them, hence why they're being re-branded as "no-contract;" because only poor people or those with bad credit get "prepaid" cell phones. Well, I'm struggling financially now that I've been forced into early retirement, but my credit rating is still over 950, so the stereotype doesn't fit. True, at one time, prepaid cell phones were old technology that no one wanted, but that's no longer the case. Both Boost and Virgin have several smartphone options; even Blackberry if you're set on clinging to that dying brand. But no-contract carriers are getting better phones now; a few are even top-notch. Virgin has the Triumph and now Boost has the LG Marquee, which only a few months ago was a contract phone offered through Sprint. Both are really great smart-phones, light years ahead of my last contract phone. And both Boost and Virgin are owned by Sprint, so the fear of having terrible coverage are unfounded. All told, the excuses with going the prepaid route have quickly evaporated.Motorola Triumph vs LG MarqueeI really loved a lot Triumph's features: fast CPU, huge screen, HDMI connectivity, excellent video quality, readily available Root mods, and the Motorola brand. I did exhaustive research into this phone and was really set on getting it. But one thing that really concerned me is Amazon suspended their sales of the phone multiple times after receiving customer complaints that their stock was defective. I know tech stupidity is often at play as much as defective hardware, but it did give me cause for concern. Then I read that Virgin was due to announce their new phone for the year, and it's going to be the LG Marquee, so that made me take a serious look. And when Amazon finally got the Marquee on Boost, I decided to just take the leap and go for it. It's not always true, but generally, new is often better in tech world. Things evolve and change very quickly with tech, so a phone that was only a few months old, compared to one well over a year old, sounded more appealing to me. And if it's true that Virgin will be carrying the Marquee as well, then there will be plenty of tweaks and mods available soon enough.Boost vs VirginSince both companies are wholly owned by Sprint, they both have the same coverage. The real difference comes in the plans: Virgin has $35 for 300 min, $45 for 1200 min and $55 for unlimited. All 3 plans include unlimited text and data. I thought I could get away with their $35 plan, but would have to really keep an eye on my minutes to pull that off. Boost, on the other hand, just has a $55 unlimited plan which goes down $5 a month until you reach $40 monthly. That sounded much more appealing to me, since there are many coupons available online that offer $25 off to new customers, and over time, I'd be getting more for less with Boost. In the end, I'd just rather not worry about my minute usage.If Buying Online, Never Buy From Anyone But AmazonOf all the problems I read with the Triumph, the most common seemed to be activation issues from people who got their phone from a 3rd party seller, rather than direct from Amazon. Frankly, you just can't trust where 3rd party stock comes from, or that it's even brand new. Whenever I've had problems here on Amazon, it's always been with 3rd party sellers. So I've learned to stick with buying from Amazon directly, especially with tech stuff. Their no questions asked return policy makes it foolish to buy from anyone else, and it's the only way to be sure that what you're buying is actually brand new -- not refurbished, lightly used, or grey market -- just my personal experience.Enter LG MarqueeA HUGE selling point with me for the Marquee over Triumph is the screen. Both are roughly the same size, but Marquee has a super bright NOVA display which can be viewed in direct sunlight, and still holds up at extreme viewing angles. Also, Marquee is running a newer version of Android than Triumph, and while I have no bones about rooting any phone, it's not necessarily something I want to do if I don't have to. So the newer OS on Marquee was another notch in its favor. Plus if Virgin is going to be carrying Marquee as well, then it just seems to make sense to go that route over Triumph.Super ThinThe great thing about the Marquee is that it's very thin and light. My last phone had a slide-out Qwerty keyboard, and I was concerned that I would miss that. But the Marquee is half the thickness and weight of my last phone, which is quite noticeable when it's in my pocket. As far as missing the Qwerty keyboard, that really hasn't turned out to be an issue for me. I got a tablet last summer and have become quite accustomed to typing with a touch screen keyboard. I'm actually just as fast with it as a physical keyboard. So I haven't missed the hard keys whatsoever.Fast and ResponsiveMy last smartphone had to be the dumbest "smart" phone ever manufactured. By contrast, this Marquee is a dream. It switches from my different desktop screens smoothly and crisply, with no hangs whatsoever. Occasionally there will be a slight pause when switching between apps, or pinch zooming, but nothing compared to my old piece of junk. The graphics accelerator isn't as snappy as my tablet, but then no phone would be, because tablets have much faster processors. I don't intend on doing much gaming or video watching on my phone, but have every reason to think that it could handle those tasks just fine. The YouTube videos I've loaded play smoothly with no redundant buffering; no better or worse than any device I've used. My tablet has become my primary go-to device, and I don't see any cell phone replacing my tablet's functionality. So for me, Marquee fits quite well into my tech lineup, and holds its own.Battery LifeEvery manufacturer exaggerates battery life with their devices. If you're a heavy user, then you likely won't be satisfied with the battery life of any smartphone. Having said that, the battery life on this Marquee is light years ahead of that old piece of junk I just got rid of. The battery is lasting me all day with light use, but it does drop quickly under heavy use. I think under constant use, I'd probably get roughly 4 hours. When I'd use my old phone as a WiFi hotspot, it would die after about an hour, even plugged into the wall. So clearly it was using more power than it could take in. I haven't rooted the Marquee yet, so I have not used it as a hotspot. Since I have a tablet, I do the majority of my surfing on that, and just use my cell phone for calls and convenience; so I wouldn't call myself a heavy user at all. But I'll post updates to the battery life as I get more real world use with it. But overall, I'm quite happy with it, and don't feel like I'll be stuck in a lurch with a dead phone, like my last one.EDIT: Just ordered this 3900mAh High Extended Battery with Back Cover which supposedly will over double the Marquee's battery life. I'll post back my real world usage when I get it.No BloatwareUnlike most phones, the Marquee doesn't come bogged down with a bunch of useless apps that nobody wants, and can't uninstall. The Marquee is running a pretty stock version of 2.3 Gingerbread, which seems to be standard for these no contract phones. My guess is since they are a low cost service, that carriers are not wasting a lot of time developing custom operating systems, which is fine by me, since it offers a truer Android experience.RootingSince the Marquee is still quite new, there isn't a lot of root info out there just yet. But I have found root mods for the LG Esteem, which will work for the Marquee. Rooting can theoretically open you up to malware, since it grants access to the system files. However the benefits likely outweigh the risks, as you'd be able to use the Marquee as a WiFi hotspot under your unlimited data plan with Boost.WiFi TetheringThere are several apps out there that claim to add WiFi tethering capability to cell phones without rooting your phone. I intend to explore those options, and will post an update here, if any of those apps pan out. Be aware that using your Marquee as a hotspot goes against Boost's service contract, however, I'm not too worried about it, since I only intend on doing it occasionally. I think where you'd run into trouble, is if you start tethering your laptop to your phone, and then download a bunch of movies, and use a ridiculous amount of data that no cell phone would clearly use. In my case, I would just like to tether my tablet when away from home, and no free public hotspots are available. Since a tablet uses data essentially the same way as a cell phone, I don't think Boost would ever notice the occasional tether with my tablet. Just be smart about it, and you should be fine. Having said that, I have no plans to root my phone, if any of the no root required tethering apps pan out.Bluetooth ConnectivityThis was one of the areas that concerned me with the Triumph. I read several people were having problems keeping their headsets connected. I keep my phone connected to my car's hands free speaker phone, and the connection has been good for me so far.Sound QualityThe Marquee has pretty decent audio quality from the speaker. No, it won't compete with a boom box, but it's much better than my last phone, and plays pretty loud. I haven't used the Marquee to listen to music just yet. I haven't been doing much of that lately with my cell phone, but that might be because I stopped doing anything extra with that old piece of junk phone I had. If I get into it more with this Marquee, I'll post any updates if they're merited.Call QualityNone of us want a cell phone that can't get a signal or has terrible call quality. I would guess this is the number one stigma against pre-paid phones. However this Marquee is much better than my old Sprint phone, and I'm quite happy with the call quality and signal strength of this phone.Video QualityThe Marquee can play video up to 720p HD, and shoots HD video as well, however, the frame rate doesn't appear to be true HD at 24p or 29.97fps. When shooting video, the quality is quite good, but I suspect they're trimming the frame rate as the video does stutter when panning from left to right. It's not noticeable during filming, but is apparent in playback. However, this is getting a little nitpicky, but it's worth mentioning. Overall, the video quality is quite good on the rear camera, which is 5mp. The front camera is only 2mp, and noticeably lacking in comparison. The Marquee does take good pictures as well. And the NOVA display is stunning to use while taking pictures or shooting video. The screen also renders the live camera with no hiccups or artifacts whatsoever. That would be in part due to the awesome NOVA display. It's also worth mentioning that you can shoot video with the LED flash on, and that little LED is quite bright. So if you want to download one of those silly flashlight apps, you'll probably have one of the brightest ones out there and blind someone while finding your seats in that darkened movie theater.NOVA DisplaySupposedly the NOVA display draws 50 percent less energy off the battery than a standard display. This would be key, since these large screens are a huge reason why battery life is so terrible with all smartphones. And yes, this display really is crisp and clear, even in direct sunlight. I saw a side-by-side comparison with the iPhone 4, and the Marquee had a much more vivid display. I'm not a fan of iPhone comparisons, but the screen quality is worth mentioning. I haven't yet put a screen protector on it, but do have one of those military grade, helicopter blade protectors that I may use. I'm usually a big believer in those, but for some reason, I'm still on the fence with whether or not I'll be adding it to this phone.Storage SpaceLG claims you're getting 4gb of storage right out of the box; 2gb onboard, and 2gb with the included micro SD card. I have an 8gb from my old phone installed in the Marquee. Keep in mind, that you never get the full advertised gb as you always lose some to formatting. So that 2gb card that this Marquee comes with is more like 1.7gb. Better to get a bigger card, and not worry about it.ActivationLike my $5 Virgin flip-phone, I really love the streamlined activation process. I even kept my old phone number, and it was all quite easy to do. Last time I bought a phone, I was in the store 3 hours just trying to complete the entire purchase. By contrast, Boost has been a dream; Amazon shipped the phone straight to my door, and I was up and running shortly thereafter. Being in a wheelchair, this is a big deal, since going to stores that are rarely accessible is a huge pain. So the ease of purchase and activation, coupled with all the money I'll save monthly, makes this purchase a no brainer.ThrottlingUnlike their parent company, Sprint, I completely expect my data speeds to be throttled with Boost. I'd rather it wasn't, but that's likely the trade-off for the cheaper monthly fees. Virgin throttles for customers who use more than 2.5gb of data a month. And Boost likely does the same. Personally, I'd have a hard time using 2.5gb of data a month, so I think I'll be ok.Bandwidth - The Future CommodityI wouldn't be surprised to see bandwidth become a commodity as valuable as crude oil. In fact, it's already happening, and it will only get worse as more people jump on the 'Cloud' bandwagon. There's a little thing called Spectrum... and there ain't enough of it to go around. Spectrum is essentially bandwidth; similar to a freeway, if all the lanes are clear, then it's full-throttle, but sometimes you hit gridlock and can't drive the posted speed limit. All the cell carriers are struggling to sustain the bandwidth their customers are gobbling up. It's part of the reason why no one can offer 4g (or even 3g) speeds consistently. Personally, I'm not interested in funding cell carriers tech upgrades via overpriced monthly service plans that tout speeds they can't even deliver. Wake me when your towers are ready and can handle the traffic, until then, I'll stick to paying less with Boost.Footnote to AmazonAmazon has done an excellent job in revolutionizing the tablet market with their Android hybrid Kindle Fire. They should take things to the next level, and become actual service providers with no-contract cell phones and WiFi hotspots. Their name recognition and track record for offering quality products at a reasonable price could do a lot in erasing the stigma associated with no-contract cell phones. Communications and data really is the future of technology; Apple knows it, Google knows it, and Blackberry has fond memories of it. Amazon knows it too, hence why they're edging in that direction. And becoming a no-contract service provider would be a great way for them to continue being a trend setter and leader in the tech world. Take it for what it's worth, Amazon. ;o)Bottom LineSure, you could get a cutting edge smartphone under contract for the same money, or less, than this Marquee. But is it really worth being shackled to a 2 year contract and paying at least twice as much monthly? You don't really think those phones are free, do you?! Carriers know they've got you on the hefty monthly premiums. And those newfangled cutting edge phones will be quickly devalued by the next new kid on the block. To me, it makes much more sense to get a solid piece of technology that I have the freedom to upgrade anytime I want, and not be bound to any carrier. At the end of the day, if the service is exactly the same, then why pay more? Remember, 4g speeds are not available everywhere, nor are they consistently offered, even in the markets where they are available. 3g isn't even available everywhere, so a lot of people are being suckered into technology that isn't yet fully supported. Besides, with my tablet, my cell phone is actually only needed for calls. Hmm... imagine that! I'm quite happy to have finally come to my senses, and released myself from contract hell, so I can benefit from these great no-contract phones and services. So, why 4 stars instead of 5? Because while this is a great phone with a great monthly price, it still isn't the most cutting edge phone on the market. And even though it's far better than my old phone, the batter life could still be better. But none of that should deter you from getting this great phone, and the awesome no-contract service. So, jump on in folks, the water's fine!

We have two of these phones in active use. The phone gets irresponsive quite often under light duty use. Battery life lasts less than a day for normal smartphone usage. On the positive side, the phone has a beautiful screen and very thin and light and comfortable in hand.If you are a light phone user, it should fit your needs just fine. Otherwise consider LG Venice, which has a much better performance since I also have used it. That model can be had for a little bit more money but well worth it.

This was everything I wanted and more. my boyfriend broke his screeen and needed a new one, but Boost doesn't do repairs at the shop. Everything in this package was in great condition.

The phone barely works. I always get delayed messages and a lot of times I do not have service to make or receive phone calls.

excuse me some one could help me I bought a marquee phone for boost mobile but I believe that recived for sprint company I want to know this phone is flashed or what is happened?

Actually I have been pleasantly pleased at the general performance of this phone... the camera is good, the reception of the phone is good and it has adequate capability to run most apps without any issues. The battery live is a little short if you have features turned on.... but there are aftermarket batteries that can solve this issue.My biggest complaint is LG's lack of being honest about upgrading the OS from Gingerbread to Ice Cream Sandwich for this and similar phones. They announced these lines would get the ICS update by 3rd quarter of 2012... they made the announcement in December of 2011 (I bought my phone in April 2012)... but to date now 9 months after their announcement they have not made the update. the OS updates are becoming a critical piece of the package you are buying with a smartphone. So be warned if you consider buying this phone.. based on what is being said in the marketplace and lack of any news from LG its highly likely this phone will be stuck with the much older operating system unless you want to risk rooting the phone. The reality is Android Phone makers may think not updating the OS is a good way to get users to update phones...  but honestly for me its making me get closer to moving away from Android platform to iPhone as my platform as they do their updates once a year.  Or the other option is sticking with phone manufacturers that are doing updates as promised.
