
also it was with only charger and condition of the phone was pathetic. i have sent to my home country so i can't bring it back here to return it. TOTALLY WASTE

I ordered a new phone but got a used one so you should order only amazon fullfiled stuff from ross cellular, however regardless of not being new the phone is working and is in a very good condition

Everything is great except for the BATTERY LIFE! I've used the phone for 4 days, in one day the phone died at 5pm and two days at 4pm... I really love the phone, and android, but I decided to switch back to apple since the poor battery life of ONE X. Although I'm sure that I'll be back with android someday but only when the battery can hold for a whole day.

Great phone for the money.. My wife loves it.. I think im going to get me one now.  UNDER250  Ill take it.

I had to send it back for a refund when it stopped working the first day I had it. These phones have an obvious design flaw, the battery craps out on them real quick. Got a refund so the customer service was excellent but I am disappointed. Got an lg g2 instead. No regrets.

I bought this phone as a gift for my mom, and I must say, now I'm jealous and I want it for me! It looks great, works great and is everything you want a smartphone to be, without spending a thousand bills.

Well the phone is just as advice, AT&T version with dual core 1,5ghz processor and 1gb of ram, it have a little of lag when closing and opening apps but just with heavy ones but its no a big deal, it arrive on the expected time, and im using it in Venezuela with no problems with conection, my only complain about fue phone is the battery life, it just last half day so a afternoon charge will be needed, if you just open some social networks and turn screen of part of the time, it probably will last until the 7 or 8pm, and finally the camera, its really good, I love it, shoot fast, sharp and colorful, and the flash works just perfect low light scenes

that after 5 days of use the phone stopped working and a technical review it was discovered that was renovated

This is one of the best phone i have ever own. Truly a beast of a phone. I admit it is quite old but i work very well. And the design is sick. I recommend it for anyone that want a good smart phone and does want to spend 500$ on a phone

It's a very good product. The volume of calls is loud and clear. The screen is not that big as what I thought. I cut the SIM card myself and it works. Haven't found any weakness so far.Only one thing to mention, I think it's a little expensive since it's a product released February, 2012.

This is a pretty functional piece of equipment, it does what it suppose do, its very sleek and somewhat rugged at the same time... please do not going diving or kyaking with, its not that rugged ... I meant in a administrative setting.. get all means get it...

it is an awesome phone but and I bought it from seller:  Wireless Extra. Good company and good response. Everything came brand new except there were no headphones, but if your cellphone comes with headphone, they are crap headphones anyways, so its really not a big deal. It is a wonderful phone, just read reviews on which seller you buy it from. Be a smart consumer.

i ordered HTC ONE X which is shown the logo but i received which has att logo and box was open . My rate is for seller not for product. Because the picture different than what i received. I sent the product back .

I ordered this phone because I was going to be going overseas for several months, and wanted to have a phone that I could use anywhere in the world. The International version of the HTC One X, while offering better hardware configurations, fit very well. I use T-Mobile while in the US, and with the new tower integration, I am able to receive 3G speeds within the Seattle area.Additionally, I have been able to use microSIM cards from SMART in the Philippines, as well as other providers in Taiwan and Singapore.The phone is powerful. It's slim, and while it's a plastic phone, the plastic is high quality and very sleek. (Warning- don't drop it!) The screen is incredibly bright, and while it has Gorilla Glass, people seem to say that the quality in this department is iffy, some are indestructible, others get scratched by merely looking at the screen with an ugly thought. So I've been using a Skinomi screen protector, which has done the job relatively decently (but with the usual characteristics, fraying at the edges, yellowing tint, etc).My main gripe about the phone is that the camera lens sticks out the back, and the glass cover is prone to scratches. The glass is not gorilla glass but merely a high impact glass, which is easily scratched. I have a rather ugly slash that if it were a tiny bit more to the side, would have interfered with the sensor while taking photos. This is a huge issue for such a great phone.Secondly, the battery life is abysmal. With my mobile data on, my phone after 10 hours of use has dropped into a dangerously low 25-30% charge. Using wifi, my phone also results with the same charge. If you do not have them activated, the phone of course will behave like any other phone, hardly taking up any juice. But I've had to purchase an external battery charger in the case I'm out for the day. It's a bit annoying, though I know all smartphones currently have this issue.All in all, the phone is great. I paid a huge price for mine since I bought it early, but now the prices have fallen to the point where it's worth taking a look at these phones. Even if they're 'old news', they're still extremely powerful and can handle pretty much anything still out currently.

Got this phone for my friend who is with T-Mobile and wanted a new phone that would be cheaper than normal. She loves it and is very thankful that even though it's an ATT phone it still works for her and everything is GTG!

Let me start off saying, the reason I'm only giving three stars is because this is the AT&T; version of the one x (**15587 on AnTuTu benchmark) not the international quad-core version.Phone arrived in perfect shape, most likely a refurb, but impeccably done. My phone DID come with headphones, while it seems many others did not.As i've only had the phone for around 24hrs I'll update after i've used it a bit more.**To put the benchmark in perspective i'll add the scores of other popular phones;This Phone HTC one x AT&T-; 15587*HTC One- 25561Samsung Galaxy S2- 10576Samsung Galaxy S3- 17956Samsung Galaxy S4- 27435Samsung Galaxy S5- 35046Samsung Galaxy Note 3- 34652Nexus 7- 20438Nexus 4- 16793LG G2- 32917And the current flagship HTC one M8- 35244

They are scammers ... buy a new HTC One X and shipped me a smartphone refurbished, the box was not original, the glass screen was up and the microphone did not work, do not buy them ... I'm from Venezuela ...

My phone is excellent... i love it. It's best phone of the world. Recomend product HTC, excellent quality an warranty.

I needed a smart phone unlocked cuz I don't like the 2yrs contract feel  better  that way the  phone is thin and has a large screen of 4&#34; 7 inch I'm using it with mysimplemobile and it works perfectly

HTC one X 16(10) GB available for user; 2 GB reserved for applications and NO expansion slot. Yes it has a 8mpxl camera and 1080p HD video recording  but what's the point if you don't have enough space to storage your shots? The Beatsaudio is overrated, doesn't make any significant change to the audio. Believe me, any cheap android phone will sound better with a simple dedicated app as and EQ or booster. Is a nice phone but you will get so dissapointed when you need to delete some files in order to take the next pic or video.PS: The battery sucks!

It's big, quick, clear screen, excelent for I was expecting. The only thing I consider a hazzard is that the battery can not be change as easy as an Samsung's, but I've seen others HTC working for a year or more and they've been working fine.

This cellphone is that kind of phone that we usually are looking for in Venezuela: nice, fast, cheap and very helpful. I recommend it at all.

Excellent phone, very good camera and large Storage Capacity. The color is beautiful and the screen size is optimal. Thanku

Not so heavy as the Samsung Galaxy Skyrocket (which was a good phone).  Excellent screen resolutions.  I got the white phone & paid out of pocket 279.00, didn't want to wait anoter year on my at&t; contract - at&t; should go to one year instead of 2 years.  Highly recommend this phone1/16/2014 UPDATE;  Well, I've had the phone since July 2013 and still like it.  Takes nice pictures & videos.  Screen resolution is awesome when having pictures of your grand daughters on the screen.  Sound quality good when talking on the phone.PRO:  The only thing that I don't like is that it doesn't hold a charge very well anymore.  I'm charging it everyday and I have it on only for 5 hours a day.I may go to the samsung galaxy S4 soon

This phone set the standard for form-factor and function in the android market. HTC continues to deliver a quality experience with its devices.

HTC one X is a great device, high performance, great images and videos and good signal reception as well, like the others smartphones the problem is the battery life, but it does its best.

Pretty disappointed. I like eveything about the phone, but this one had the notorious yellow screen defect that I read about. Didn't expect it to be so common. Battery life was so-so as well, and dropped to nearly 30% after about 2 hours of constant chatting and surfing on it.

this is an excelent phone amazing screen good camera, only bad thing is the android version 4.2.2 not updatable to kitkat

bought an HTC one X "brand new" and didn't come with the headphones, owner took it from the box, very bad news to realize the loss....so not 100% satisfied

the speaker doesnt work i dont know whats wrong with it.what can i do or should do to fix this problem

se lo recomiendo es muy bueno etoy facinado bueno rapido camara sorprendente ademas es plano y comodo para el bolsillo

Nice to use and good for internet user very good screenGood camera and good battery work and good priceThanks to Amazon

It was great while it lasted i loved the screen the feel and the beats audio but the phone broke in 2 months the screen wont turn on it happened out of nowhere and i was careful not to break it in all 2 stars wasnt worth 200$ if it only lasted 2 months

Hello, first off I want to say that I purchased this phone from Ross Cellular, who is no longer listed under this item, so my review will not be helpful in that regards. The phone I received works perfectly; it is a At&t unlocked phone with 4g LTE, but with HTC logo on the face(instead of the standard At&t logo) and it has At&t apps which cannot be uninstalled. It is an extremely light phone with a beautiful display, the battery life is great compared to most smart phones. My phone did have the 4.1.1 JellyBean installed, and I have heard we will be getting the updated 4.3 from At&t soon with the 5.0 Sense

hardly off the battery, and it lasts a short time the battery, plus the charger that came did not work and the headphones are very bad.

compre este telefono para mi sobrina y ella lo adora es un bello equipo y tiene todo lo que ella necesita para mantenerse en contacto con sus amigos no lo quiere soltar, lo recomiendo es maravilloso

Bought this for my wife and she loves it.. It was priced really fairly and worked perfect. It was described perfectly. I wopuld highly recommend this phone..

I think everything is fine, excellent service, fast, secure and reliable. Right now would not have tips or suggestions as I have been under

The device looks super old, no charger, the package was a plastic bag, and it came full of picture.I paid for a refurbished one, not for a use one

I used to have an iphone 5, now I have this cellphone and is awesome... It was a very good purchase, and the seller is responsible

Excelent phone! I'm using it in Argentina and it works perfect. The only negative aspect is battery duration...but overall it's great.Excelente telefono! Lo uso en Argentina y funciona perfecto. Lo &uacute;nico negativo es la poca duraci&oacute;n de la bater&iacute;a, pero en general es un gran tel&eacute;fono.

I purchased two months ago, and start to give problems. The navigations keys stop function and now, bottom part of the screen doesn't work-.I'm very disapointed.

Buy the equipment and it is not unlocked, I had to pay to unlock the data connection does not work, I have to pay to have it unlocked the format, the team came without headphones also have to buy them. In Venezuela there is no technical service HTC to q help me in the description of the equipment said to be the HTC ONE X quad core, surprisingly did not read the technical details and when I get the equipment to Venezuela, is the version of AT & T dual core

i ordered a new phone i peid 325$ for new one and i'm exited to get it, but what i see the phone which came was used!!!!!!!!! and i order and peid for new one.! it was teribble i'm relly angry

I had ordered for new HTC one x which should have been Unlocked. But I got used one and also the phone was not unlocked. The sellers cheated me. This was supposed to be a gift and how cn I give a used phone as a gift.

I had the HTC One X from AT&T; and it was OK at first. Then after 2 months HELL NO! The phone got very slow and did not run apps good.The battery sucked. It didn't last all day. Oh sorry it didn't last part of a day. You couldn't put another battery in it.I got my HTC. One X from AT&T.; I got the  refurbished 16GB one. When I got it I opened it up and it only had a little over 2GB available.The phone lags, its slow, and HTC dose not update it. Its only on Androids 4.0 ics. The only reason I gave it 2 stare is I had is for months and I didn't know as much about smart phones as I do now. Do not get this phone it isn't a good.

I love this phone. Is screen big and confortable. the size is perfect. the sound is amazing.I recommend the product and seller

is not new, and they doesnt say on the adevertising.I bring the phone to othre country and i cant send back.. dont waste your money

I't nearly take make a week to decide weither to buy HTC one X or IPhone 4s. I reviewed a lot of comparison between both hardware and software but come out X outgrown the 4s. But i finally decide to buy the 4s for a 100 Usd difference, HTC one x market value drops very fast.  Rather join the crapple for extra 100 if later i decide to sell it the market value still high.  I was a htc fan before but not anymore...

My old HTC Thunderbolt worked perfect with my car, it would connect automatically every time I turned on the car. So it was a no brainer to go with another HTC device, I loved my Thunderbolt. This thing is garbage when it comes to bluetooth connectivity. It never reconnects and when it does, it might not sync phone and audio functionality. Other times it just makes a bunch of noise and it needs to be reconnected again. HTC support is even worse then the phone. They made me reset my vehicles computer to ensure no previous phone was still in the car computer memory because "previous pairing my cause issue with bluetooth connectivity." After jumping through their hoops, they still told my car was to blame. Guess what, pull the ole Thunderbolt out, pair it with car, bam it works like it always did. Ok, so the HTC One X still requires you to use a cable if you want to use a headset, but hey thats ok, its the support and they way they deny an issue with bluetooth in the device. Now thats a reason not to buy! Never ever will I buy HTC again. Thanks Julian from HTC customer support!

Great phone but the battery died after 15 months. It may have had a defective battery, because it was a normal occurrence to read as almost or fully charged then a couple hours later would lose all charge.

The cell phone it is beautiful. There are a lot of Apps PreInstalled was a disappoint for me. the size should be just a little bit more small maybe 1/2 inch less.

best present my brother has ever gotten he loves it and even found comedy in taking pictures with the destoration

Hello I am writing to let you know I'm a little unhappy, for his article, that makes them buy days .. because razon.ustedes put my picture of product, a phone whose front picture HTC's symbol. but is selling another .. which has the image of ATT & T which is not like me at all the truth .. because I trusted that what they sold me was the same as advertised on amazon .. so why my 3 stars for you .. and hurts living in Venezuela, because it would make them get their equipment and get my money back or at least a change .. over the phone that I really wanted. HTC was the front and back ..

Great display for reading books and magazines and for watching movies/videos, great sound as well. The battery could be a problem, I have to charge it every night.

I received the phone quickly, with no scratches or damage.  The phone came unlocked just as the seller said and it works perfectly where I live.I love this phone, the screen quality is amazing, best phone I've seen to date.

This Phone is the best phone ever.  Best camera in the world , I got the straight talk Sims card , & Its awsome , But To send Pictures & Receive pictures get the go sms app

The seller was just fine, shipped quickly and had a good priceHowever, I have only had the phone for 3 months and the screen just went black in the middle of a phone call and never turned back on. The phone still works fine, and still reacts to touch, but the screen just wont turn on.From what I have read this is a common problem with these phones, so nothing against the seller. but I would not recommend buying this simply because the AT&T; One X just is terrible.Also, prior to the screen going black, it randomly stopped reading my sim card, and the only way I could fix it was to bend the sim card tray significantly! Garbage!

This is truly a lovely android phone. The touch screen is very responsive...I can't find anything to complain about. Oh, maybe the charger, its tricky.

For me to have given this 5 stars I would like for its speakers to play louder and well make it sd card capable. Besides that my purchase was just as described and im satisfied

Short version.I  bought it for my Son.Was Happy when He Open the Box..But after we have Problems, Yes Was Unlock but Not working properly .I pay twice unlocking. Still same problem.I trade in wt  Brand New from The Service Provider. ...No more Disappointed!!!

I bought one HTC One X with this store, that one had problems with the simcard but this people changed the first one for another One X and in only two days they sent me another one, this has worked perfectly and it seems like new.This store is pretty serious, I recommended it to other friends who have bought more One X s, and everybody is very happy with the product. The smartphone really seems new.

The first phone sent was not completely unlocked and would not work. The supplier said I had two choices, I could return it and they would send out another one when the first one was received, or they would have ATT unlocked it (which would take 2 weeks). I chose to return it for another phone.The second htc one x works well just a lot of delay and hassle.

very good phone I have had it for 6 months and I still like it. The only reason i did not give 5 stars becasue it glitches and the back of the case scratches and dents very easy. Also for some reason the top of the phone says at&t inatead of htc. Yet it is still a good phone loved the back  camera too , front camera sucks tho.

The lock button barely works. The camera is falling off. I was told it was in good condition. It works but these problems are annoying and if I'd known about them, I would've just bought a new phone.

First phone developed an inability to read the SIM card. Got a replacement under warranty (I bought through ATT and had a warranty), and only a few months later it's begun constantly restarting. Factory reset has no effect. Don't buy this phone.

I did not buy it from this seller, but I have the htc one x at t, the phone always restart and turn off. I need to be connected all time because I work with gps maps routes, and suddenly restart and that makes me mad for job. The first phone was htc amaze, battery last 4 hours and the phone died I tried to contact HTC and bad support.I wont never trust htc phones again. I will go for sony xperia, samsung or nexus.A 30 dollar phone does much better than those htc crap. Buying htc phones is putting money in the trash.

Loved it

Excelente producto.

I wonder if this phone can have 4G network? As Nose GSMn see if it can be 4G! You can?

Hello dear people,  I have to say , the service was great  the delivery  time was amazing, the cell  is working great, but there is a problem and I don't know if you guys can  help me with it, the company, in colombia(south America) which provides my  cell service, needs to register  the cell into some national  database, and  in order to to this, they require me for the IMEI number in the bill,  i have shown them  the bill you gus have sent me, but they  insist in telling me the IMEI number must appear  in the bill,  I was wondering if you  guys could provideme a copy  of the bill which contains such number which to my  understand is kind of the ID number of the cell (IMEI  355330050730292) that is the  IMEI number,  I will be more than  glad if you guys could send me a copy of the cell phone bill containing the data of it plus this number, because failure to provide them  with this , they coul block my cell phone.Best regardsCarlos Mauricio &Aacute;lvarez

It is a nice phone.Shipping was pretty fast.I liked it.The only problem is battery...I didn't have any other problem for now.

Though a little late for the review but purchased HTC ONE X in January 2013 and still owing the same product. It still works like a charm. A good product from HTC.

The buttons ligths not are working, without headphones, the phone is at&a brand, not unlocked.  I am very dissatisfied and disappointed.

the HTC one x is truly an awesome super phone, It's really smooth and very speedy with no lags. the built quality is excellent, the camera is superb. the screen is really great has true colors and excellent viewing angles. and the tegra zone optimized games for tegra 3 are really awesome, excellent graphics the best for android when optimized with tegra 3. I am not to crazy about HTC sense kind of slows phone a bit sometimes, I added apex launcher and let me tell you this phone is super fast with this launcher. my previous phones iPhone 4s and Samsung galaxy note were great phones, but can't touch the HTC one x.

I bought this phone to be used abroad (international GSM provider) and had three main goals in mind:1- Unlocked to be used freely outside the US2- Install Right-to-Left language for Interface/UI and keyboard3- Get latest Android on it.Number ONE was provided as the phone is indeed unlocked.Number TWORight off the bat, AT&T; version doesn't come with any other languages besides English, Spanish and French!No way to install anything extra.Number ThreeWith no AT&T; valid sim card installed, I couldn't get any updates for the phone.UPDATE:Following the "Manual" instructions found here:[Goto google_dot_com and search for: htc-one-x-sense-5-updateuse that as you see here exactly and the link would be the first result]you can install the latest official update for this phone Android 4.2.2Which resolves point number 2 and 3 together in one shot as after the upgrade I have so muchmore language options to choose from.Happy user now with no issues.EDIT: Amazon removed my link, although it is an official HTC.com link! Replaced with instructions to get to that page.

Love the phone but it didn't come with anything. No charger, no headset, and no manual. Happy with the phone, but disappointed I have to spend more money to buy the the things that should've been included with it...

i'm really happy to use this kind of mobile. evrey easy use, clear eecreen, nice sheap and verey semble mobile.

Great phone.......love it.....works well in Barbados.....I saw friends with HTC phones and was always told about the phone....I love my phone

Everything OK, I have been using you guys for a while now. I am truly impressed by your service,it really is Awesome.

This phone is one xl only dual core.One X is quad core.PLEASE NOTICE THE CPU INFORMATION BEFORE U BUY IT.

An amazing phone, when I first looked on the screen, I felt like: love at first sight! :) screen is great, colors, contrast and everything is ideal, camera is superb! it's fast end comfortable, I was afraid, it would be big in my hands, but it feels so smooth in hands and it's not that big at all, the sound system is also amazing, it's much better than my iPod which is created just for music :Dso, I would highly recommend this phone!

I like this phone,Good!!!I have unlocked the bootload ,and use the 3th ROMsit's fast,the GPS is goodit's better then sansung galaxy s3

Coming from a Galaxy Note and its big screen going to the One X was perfect for me. I've had my One X for about 2 months now and in the beginning there were some minor issues but all of them got sorted out through updates/upgrades, upgrades are very important in the phone, tablet or computer business and HTC seem to be right on top of fixing issues that people seem to have. HTC seems to do a good job so you won't have to wait a year to get your phone working right, like some other companies that I won't mention. HTC just released ICS on 13 of its older phones so you know that you will be getting upgraded to the newest Android releases in the future if you have this phone. At least with this phone it's the top of the line Model from HTC so I could see it getting at least the next 2 major Android releases, Jelly Bean and whatever comes next. It is nice to know that your phone will be future-proof for 2-3 years. It's a good phone, first it looks really nice the design of this phone is second to none, just look at the thing its stunning! It looks nice the screens Gorilla Glass is strong and don't get scratches, if you want to see how good the Gorilla Glass is made on the phone go to YouTube and search "One X screen" You will see a review of someone hammering in a nail, yes a nail with the screen of this phone and the screen hammers in the nail with no issues to the screens glass, another one with the phone spinning in a drying machine! There are and more where people take keys to the glass and body and does not damage the phone, so yeah it's a sturdy strong phone. Then under that screen is the most beautiful display I have ever seen on a phone the icons look like they are just floating on the surface, the SLCD2 screen is amazing, picture quality is really good, burst mode is really nice you can take six pictures every second continuously so you don't miss that shot you want. The phone is fast I mean really fast! Sense UI don't slow this phone down at all its very snappy, it has done everything I have thrown at it, the phone is faster than some computers, it's got 5 cores 4 of them run up to 1.5GHZ and the 5th core that runs at a low spec for standby so your phone will not use hardly any power when asleep or running a light task, which saves a lot of battery. My phone can sleep all day and only lose about 5% power sleeping all day. I can get through 2-3 days before charge if I don't use it that much due to its companion core from the NVidia Tegra3 processor that displays really nice graphics and has some games that are specific for Tegra3 from NVidia and its developers. These specific games are really above and beyond what the competition has to offer. You can do a YouTube search on Tegra3 games to get what I'm talking about, but for example Riptide GP used on a normal phone or tablet without Tegra3 it will play but not as well as it would on a Tegra3 optimized setup, when on Tegra3 phone it will show water effects where the water splashes up on your screen and runs down he screen. Its best to check out these games for yourself on YouTube, then you will see a big difference. Overall the phone has been great I give it 5 stars all the way!

i had htc one x for a week now, it's brand new with charger only,the phone is fast for internet browser, it's so easy to set up, i love the skype set up in this little device,the sound clarity is execllent.HTC ONE X S720E AT&T;]]

i bought this phone new to my friend in another country in Africa and it is only now he told me it is an at&t version and he cannot use the internet with it...i spent 231$ on that phone and unfortunately i was buying another one again when he wrote to me...i will make a claim or a return if it doesnt meet my needs...shame on everyone that is sending what i am not buying

Excellent conditions and phone, better than what I expected.  What's more, I would like to purchase another one at excellent price also.

the phone works great...but I got one with a bad battery.  it lasts about an hour off the charger. if it wernt for the battery isssue ida given 5 stars

The phone came repaired the lower left screen does not close and the LED light does not turn on, after 1 week of use, the battery does not charge and I could use more the phone, because ded, they are a total fraud......

Dont buy this phone at all I received the phone with an at&t logo which was not as displayed in the pics and secondly the wifi and blutooth dont work plus it gets overheated and when I try to open the camera app it acts retarded plz avoid buying this phone I want ky money back !!!!

GREAT PRODUCT, FAST SHIPPING, AWESOME PURCHASE!! EASY USE, GREAT COLORS, LIGHT WEIGHT, FAST TRANSITION BETWEEN APPS, GOOD CAMERA (BETTER THAN IPHONE)...WORTH THE MONEY

This Phone met all my expectations and more .Great camera !!! Dont get me started on how grreat the sound is on this its just so phenomenal.

Headphones not sent me not like the product because I went and got the bad battery problems with the chip, unfortunately a bad experince Cart

Loved the phone. was well packed and received it on time without any delays.  Looking forward to use the phone

The HTC One X is clearly better than the iPhone 4, but not as good as the 4S. I got it almost free with a new contract. I wish I had paid the extra $100 to get a 4S again.1. In the first week, when I still had both phones, the HTC screen got scratched by my keys, while the 4S remained flawless.2. The phone developed a problem where it would not realize that the SIM card was inside and I would have to restart my phone. If you search on the web, this is a very common problem and people have exchanged their phones just to get a new phone with the same problem. It is easily fixable by attaching a sticker or several layers of tape to the back of the sim card, but it's silly for the phone to have this problem in the first place.3. I miss Siri, although you can install Assistant apps that work similarly, I miss holding down the home button (safer for texting while driving)4. I have noticed, through Task Manager, that a lot of apps will turn on by themselves in the background (especially Facebook and Groupon), though I'm not sure if this is an Android problem or an app problem.5. Bluetooth when on does not automatically connect to my car system - I have to go into the menu and tell it to connect.Besides the above points, the phone works fine. Battery life is great (lasts all day with multiple email and facebook refreshes and a game or two), screen is fine, camera is fine, and the phone has never crashed on me.

I recently bought a HTC One X from this store categorized as new only to find out that it was not and it was running at&t software illegally as an unlocked phone. Contacted the store and was my complaint was totally brushed aside. After sales service at this store SUCKS. DO NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS STORE. THEIR ITEMS ARE NOT AS THEY SAY.

Its working with multi operatorsI like itI recommendedthank youlanguage its English and Spain ....... but there is software if u need other language

I came from the Galaxy note, This is a decent phone, But I had some issues which I knew is to do with HTC as I have read a lot about screen ripple issues and Yellow warm screen tint. Did have a few data issues but nothing major. Besides all these problems if you get a good one its a really good phone. The one thing I really enjoyed about it though was for an android phone the better life was the BEST!

excellent  phone beatilfull I love it I one another from t-mobile ,,but that one is wonderful  and the price is really good

I get a product totally damaged with water stains, not turn on or respond, ALERT, NOT NEW, IS USED. NOW NOT TO DO WITH THIS PRODUCT, WILL USE OF PAPERWEIGHT.

UPDATE 11 June 2012:This is actually a great phone, having played with it for about a week. Sense is more lightweight but more targeted, meaning it does not crete any lag (maybe the quad processor helps with that) and at the same time it is there wherever you need it to have a meaningful shortcut in the android, so you don't need to go through 3-4 screen taps more.However, I spent this week with HTC troubleshooting and now they confirmed I need to contact their technicians to fix the problem, which obviously I am not going to do. I will just return the phone and try my luck from another batch, I am sure that not all One X's have this problem. I will leave the 2 stars (although the phone is worth 4-5 stars) so people are aware that they might get a faulty GPS.--I received this phone only today.It is great! My previous phone was a Samsung Galaxy S II and I really liked it, but I wanted something newer and better, so I went for the HTC One X.The One X is fast, has a beautiful screen, HTC sense has improved a lot (I used to have HTCs in the past, and Sense was bloating the device - now it gives a much better integration with ICS but is much more lightweight) and it is nice to have 25GB in drop box with it.However, there is a problem that is HUGE for me, and hence the two stars: The GPS is buggy! As long as I keep moving in the car my location seems pretty fixed, when I stop in a red light, it goes mad, I jump all over the place, Google Maps (and HTC Locations) show me one second here, and next second two blocks down the road. The software keep re-calculating and honestly it is really unusable! I used several tools such as "GPS Status" and "GPS Essentials" and all show the same problem.Here are some links about other people reporting the same issue:[...][...][...]Please note that XDA developers suggest a fix, however this did not work for me, and also it did not work for other people in other forums.I really hope this is a software issue and soon there will be an update. I will wait a couple of weeks and if this is not fixed, the phone will be sent back to Amazon (who by the way did a great job delivering it within 24hs as requested).

Fast really really fast. Awesome! For this price is unbelievable! This HTC is one of the fastest Android phones I used! I love it

I've been going through phones left and right lately looking for something I like. I decided to go with a nice android after having an iPhone and a Nokia Lumia. I wasn't looking to spend more than $200, but I found this phone and decided I'd give it a shot.So, I ordered it. And to be honest I was a little upset with my &#34;3 to 5 day shipping&#34; when it took a week to get to me. But oh well, haha. I can wait. So, I get this phone and I'm pumped to get it, so I take it out, look at it and I'm frustrated. The screen is all scratched up, and I was just like &#34;Did they really sell me a phone in this condition?&#34; But I took a second look and realized it was a screen cover. Screen was pristine and the rest of the phone looked good too.Pros:This phone is fast and useableIt's a very attractive phone. The screen is vivid, and the way it's designed just feels and looks good.The main camera takes good photos and videos. The slow motion video is definitely a plus. Doesn't serve much purpose, but it's fun to mess around with haha.It's just a good, well rounded phone.Oh, and the Beats Audio definitely improves sound quality. Even if it's just a fancy equalizer.And with moderate use on a 2G network the battery lasts me all day. (Some games, some music, lots of texting and snapchat, and maybe an hour of phone call each day.) I take it off of charge at 6:30 AM and put it on to charge with probably 30-40% battery at about 10 or 11 when I usually go to bed. No charging between. And keep in mind this phone IS used.Cons:I don't have a lot. Sometimes the keyboard glitches out.I'm kinda upset that this is the American AT&T; version and not the international one. But I couldn't find the international on Amazon for less than $350 used.Conclusion:This is a really solid phone. It works well, it's attractive, it's fast, and there aren't many things wrong with it. There just aren't. So, if you're looking for a relatively cheap but good android phone this one would be the way to go.

HTC One X is with Beats Audio is the best GSM phone that one must have to go around the world!

What? It is a locked phone! Why you say it is an unlocked phone? Although it is a good cell phone, I want to return back.

It's a nice phone good looking a good performance the battery life it's the best I ever had the only thing that I don 't like is the fact that you cannot wake up your phone with the volume keys on the side and sometimes it's hard to wake up the phone with the power button, overall I am happy with the product so far

The wi-fi is not working properly detects no signal, and I can only use 3Gel wi-fi no funciona no detecta la se&ntilde;al

I got the AT&T version and loved it for quite a few months. Then, the other day, 6 months out of warranty, it completely died. I was not the best at saving pictures and I'm afraid I've lost everything. I am now shopping for another phone but I won't be buying another HTC or any phone without a removable card and battery.

Its not a same HTC one x. Its a AT&T versi&oacute;n. Im not happy wifi The cell.... The seller dont say anything abouth that...

I bought this phone more than 8 months ago, and it has been the one of the best phones I have ever purchased (I've had about ten in my lifetime). The battery still holds for a full day with medium usage, speed with WiFi is great, speed with 4G is ok depending on where I am, and the look/feel of the phone is still as good as when I bought it (surprisingly, having dropped it on concrete driveways and linoleum classroom floors multiple times).Furthermore, the phone has a user-friendly setup. I even recommended this phone to my mom, who just bought one as well. The OS is a pretty dated (Android 4.0), but that comes with the territory of buying  a phone that has been out for nearly two years now. Overall, I would recommend this phone to anyone who wanted a user-friendly, durable, fast, and reliable phone. I've never had a phone for an entire year, and I'm hoping this one will be the first.

OK, so while waiting for my new WIN/8 Phone, I thought I would try my first Android phone. I have always like HTC and have found them to be highly reliable.I like this phone a lot. My only problem, which is probably more to do with Android phones or general trends, is that my old SIM card does not fit into this new phone. Instead of choosing to "cut it", I opted for getting a brand new micro-SIM, i.e. two phone numbers now.Once they put out the new WIN/8 phones, I will see if they too use this new micro-SIM format. Or. maybe I will just move to a dual phone setup.

He comprado dos HTC ONE X y al recibirlos,  a uno de ellos le cambiaron al cargador y  USB  originales por otro de marca HUAWEI, y el segundo equido tiene defecto en la bocina de llamada.I have bought two HTC ONE X and when received, one of them switched to USB charger and other original brand HUAWEI, and the second is default equine horn call.

My gosh i think its a bit more than expected, its more than a cell phone. I must say it was unlocked made a call as soon as i fitted my sim. Great i am thinking of getting another.

Good buy without taxes. Nice and sleek.Sad part -(1) package did not have earphones and(2) the phone had AT&T; name on it. Why ? I am buying it unlocked and I dont care who AT&T; is.

yes i am definitely loving this little wonder...its &#34;quietly brilliant&#34; indeed. the picture quality is flawless! definitely recommend it!gadget of choice

I purchased the phone because it was supposedly unlocked and to my dismay it wasn't. I had to spend an additional amount to unlock the phone. I am disappointed.

All features are good. I have heard a lot of complaints about the power consumption. If Wifi and Bluetooth are turned off the battery lasts longer.

Does everything I want and more and I am still exploring the possibilities. Memory is adequate for me and it is definitely user friendly. As this is my first android I cannot make a substantial comparison but  it has surpassed all other phones I have had.My only complaint as i have noticed with most users is battery life, it really is short, but my response is that for a phone that surfs the net and everything else I wouldn't expect it to last as long as as other phones.But I love it !!!!!

This is a great phone. The size is just perfect to read paper or books and it fits perfect in your pocket. It's fast and the screen is great. The only con is battery life

This is the only fone which is X but there is nothing X in this fone. I mean to say everything is RIGHT, nothing WRONG.

Pretty good phone, unique, special, not everyone has it. I like the color, the Beats audio and the fact I can use it with a Sim card

I purchased this phone for my husband so we didn't have to extend our AT&T; contract. I paid a premium price for this phone, the same as a new one from AT&T; and I expected to get a new phone. What we received was a previously sold and returned refurbished phone at a new phone price.I gave the phone to my husband on Christmas morning unknown that it was a refurb. My husband suspected it wasn't new due to cosmetic marks on it and when he went to the AT&T; store to activate it they confirmed it had been previously sold and was returned under warranty due to a defect.Fast forward 3 weeks. My husband has had the phone and it has worked for the most part. It did have some glitches with freezing up at times and taking a long time to finally ring when he tried to make a call. Wireless also would lock on to a network and wouldn't let go even after leaving that network area so he would have to manually turn wifi off to get it to connect to the mobile network....  Very aggravating for a $500 phone.My husband put his phone on charge last night and turned it off as he normally does... This morning he takes it off charge and tried to power it up...Nothing!  He spent the next hour trying to get it to boot up.....Nothing!He then takes it up to AT&T; and they try several different things to get it to boot up....NOTHING! the phone is completely dead after only 3 weeks of ownership.My husband is livid I spent $500+ on this phone and the fact he now has NO PHONE.BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!

I bought this item and right about the second week of use, the screen blacked out even though the phone could still receive calls. I try to contact the seller but the return window date has expired.The phone didn't fall nor did it get soak or anything of that sort.I will strongly advise against any purchase.

Excellent phone! Light-weighted to my taste, wide enough for my comfort. It's strong too. I will recommend it to anyone looking for cheap and quality phone.  I like it

Great phone love the look, feel of the body case features are a step up love the audio is great for music enthusiast .

I watched some reviews before buying this cell phone and all of them were right. The battery life is short and is the only problem I have had so far. The camera takes good pictures with an amazing speed. Android 4.0.4. Also, I bought a case for it because it slips easily.

For my part do not deserve any stars, they're hustlers, buy what my phone with me and came back option used with scratches on the rear, no wall plug, USB cable, instruction manual, auriclares. I do not work, I can not associate my computer to my phone line, enter contacts, send messages, call ... well, as indicated pay $ 242.64 for something I can not use, I thank my refund. I'm from Venezuela and I am very disappointed by the assessment.

Never again  I will buy this phone. Thanks to the perfect battery draining capacity of this phone, i was stranded in the middle of nowhere with a dead phone and no maps

Really good phone haven't had any problems at all. I recommend this phone if you can't afford high end smartphones

So far, this phone has been awesome. I've always been a fan of HTC and this phone hasn't let me down. It has good battery life, a great camera and a lot more cool features that make using your phone easier

The phone came without headphones, sim card removal tool and OEM USB cable and AC power. After I contacted them asking the OEM accessories, they only sent me the sim card remover, the USB cable and the AC Power.About the phone: Is rooted by AT&T; so you can't updated to Android 4.3 or 4.4.

a month ago I bought the phone to seller, I'm from Venezuela and when the phone came I came with a different IMEI box, I realized later that the phone was locked through the IMEI, this seller is not at all reliable. Now I have a useless phone.

I am very disappointed with the purchase of the cell phone, I've reported previously but I notice that it is the same seller and the reason is that the HTC one x shows me message Invalid MM6 cell phone, I've tried different SIM cards , reset and does not work. Also note that the cell phone has an assigned number and I'd buy unlocked

i bought this phone in Feb of this year. I had it for a few months before it just quit working. The screen would come on but i couldn't touch anything that would work. I bought an otterbox brand case for this phone and a screen protector at the same time. I took it to a local tech place and it sat there forever because what i told them was wrong was not the problem. Apparently there was water damage to the mother board. I did not drop this phone in any liquid of any kind nor did i spill any on it either!!!!! Very irritating considering what i paid for it!!!!!!

The phone of year I should say it is a awesome is fast it's smart very very classic light cool

This is the AT&T version. It clearly has att logo on it. This means the phone has only 2 cores and 16 GB. The overally quality is alright. Run benchmark under Antutu, the score is ok.

the htc one x its perfect! the only bad thing was that when i received the phone noticed that there wasnt any headphones in the box...didnt bring any so thats why my 3 stars review

Received this phone next day(Prime). Htc One x is 10 times better than my old phone HTC Inspire. I like the camera and HTC sence. It has ICS but I updated to Jelly Bean.

Phone arrived in excellent condition and is everything I was looking for! I have a Samsung Galaxy S3 & this phone definately stands up to it

very nice phone, keeps charge for a long time, even while playing games it stays charged for 24 hrs. ok

I bought this phone when it first came out, and it was a HUGE mistake purchasing this phone.1.) The WiFi connection sucks. When you take one step you automatically lose connection from wherever you're at. As well as losing connection periodically -for some reason- even when your sitting in a hotspot. Because of this you will to reset your phone and lose everything you saved on this phone.2.) You have to reset your phone about twice every other week because the phone will freeze for a good 10 minutes or you will lose connection to WiFi.3.) Doesn't save any information, deletes all contacts.4.) Can't get rid of any built in apps you don't want.Don't buy this phone. Horrible manufacturing, and crappy product!

My HTC One X  phone is adorable, and cute. I love the features and apps. I like how its easy to read with the big letters. The pictures comes out very clear.

I made the trade in and shipped it on the 7th, It said they recived it on the 13th and today is the 21st and still no money from the trade in or even given the phone back. I've even contacted amazon 3 times and each time they say they cant do enything. So pretty much i think i got scammed

There are two things I don't like about this phone. One being that it doesn't have a sd slot so I lost a lot of pictures and music from my old phone. The other is that I can't seem to send videos and some pictures in a text message. I get an error that the message is to large. But other than that I love the screen size, the color, and the clarity. I also love the speed. It takes great pictures as well and It has a front facing camera which is a nice little bonus.

The description shows its an unlocked piece. I have received AT&T release model. Also, it seems to me that the phone is not new.

It is not unlocked, I need go to website and to unlock my phone. I don't know why the phone is slow.

I like electric device so much,I hate Htc so much before,but this product is pretty good,works fast.And now I have update it to JB,much better than the 4.0.But I think Htc still has a lot work to do,to make the sense much more smooth,fast,and convenient.The screen is awsome,much better than Note2.

The phone is in good working condition. The price was also good. I will recommend it to friends and loved ones.

Sound quality while calling is very poor, need to use earphone . Also the phone gets heated up when we use simple applications as well, also after you charged the phone. When i googled i saw people having same problems. I just found out , one of my colleauge had literally exchanged this phone from the carrier 4 times. So HTC has real bad problem with this phone.

A small confusion, but ltodo well

Tudo certo. comprei e chegou em casa sem demora e sem problema. recomendo. podem comprar. cabe de forma precisa no telefone.

My cell phone works well, but I had a problem with the charger. I didn't can charge my HTC one X with the original charger because it's didn't works well! For else, It's all right

There is a scratch on the shell of it. Other is okay. This phone is nice, but battery life is too short.

&#34;CARE ARE SCAMMERS&#34; buy phone new, used shipping without some accessories. reimbursement incomplete.

I bought this product as gift for someone else for another country. Now I realized is dual-core and the phone is getting stuck and it has apps that are annoying from AT&T.;Don't buy this product from this retailer.

Cubri&oacute; totalmente mis espectativas sobre el producto. Recomendado 100%.Este celular dar&aacute; que hablar mucho m&aacute;s. Ligero, calidad de imagen espectacular y muy buen performance.

i buy this one on aug. 2012. it is pretty good one and introduce to my friends to buy it. the second one is good,too. so that i buy third on this april 2013 at same store. but it make me so upset. the paceage is terrible ande body has some flaws. the worset is the power botton is broken! now i have return that one. i still give 4 star for it, because the first two is really good.

Great phone and camera.It's unlocked but no manual adjustment for the 3G network because it's a AT&T software inside,so its only good for networks whose network operator don't need manual settings.I can only use wi-fi until I put the original software from HTC.That's the reason why i give 4 stars.

This is what i was expecting. Fast, comfortable, beautiful, Excellent. Is my first Android phone and is really easy to use. I love HTC.

I have ordered GSM version with htc logo at front as seen at the image but i have received at&t version!!!! my carrier is not at&t and I can't use my line internet!!

This phone is amazing. Both the graphics and the applications leave you surprised when playing and using it for leisure. I recommend it 100%

I was slightly concerned because some of the reviews for this phone were negative. But I have had HTC phones before and I really like them, so I gave this one a shot. I was pleasantly surprised when the phone was at my house in only a few days! It works great, and I had very little effort with straight talk. I just had to buy a sim card and activate it. Once that was done I did have to set up the LAN for my internet to work, but again, it wasn't that hard. Just takes a phone call to straight talk. I have had the phone for over a month, and have not had a single hitch. I will say the battery life varies depending on how you use the phone. If you are talking, surfing, or the like it lasts a while. But, when you play games that are HD, it really sucks the juice up. It takes a little while to fully charge too, a couple hours or more. Over all, a very good phone for the price it can't be beat.

Buy this phone and the headset is not listening.Very poor quality control.I'm in process of return.First time a HTC does not work me fine.

This phone is fast but it's limited to 789 mb of ram I am selling it to get nexus 4 I need a performance phone not one that htc locked the ram for fast boot

i insert T-mobile sim card, and nothing happened. i waited the calling from my friend, and it says my phone was offline.

I love it wonderful I'm so glad I got it.. it was on time and very happy loveit it It

Everything is good , but 1 major problem is sound is very low. We can't hear. This very problem for everyone .

This cellphone has every thing that I need. I love it. It works very good. I would like to recommend all my friend to have it.

Product as described, no difference at all.......works great....happy with the service....would recommend others as well. great going. Keep it up.

The battery on this phone stopped staying charged after only 2 months of owning it and would only stay charged for about 6 hours.  Yesterday, it completely stopped working. I have only had it 3 months. The screen is falling off and became totally un-calibrated. NOT worth your money.

It is exactly what I ordered: a phone to replace the one I broke. Works perfectly. No scratches or defects or other problems. Overall great experience with this seller.

Bought it for a cousin to use it outside US. He raves about it all the time and has only good things to say. The seller was very prompt in shipping the item.

This is the at&t; version of one x. It has a dual core processor unlike the quad-core processor of famous one x. Moreover at&t; disabled many handy menu items  such as transfer (to transfer old phone's memo). Finally the is no ear phones in the box.So be careful when buying this item and don't confuse it with the known one x model

it has some scratches, and the headset wasnt on the box.. so i'm disappointed with this. it supposed that phone was new, i bough it new not used... i want my headsets

really bad! wifi never worked, dont buy it i need to fill more words to review take effect!!!!  well well

I expected the phone to be a little more better as in flexible without being interrupted; i was highly mistaken wasted my time & money. .

when i got this phone i was confused since i put my sim card in and it said it was locked i called up the seller and he told me the unlock code was in the front of the box... it was a pretty dumb mistake on my part for not checking the box but they were very friendly and the phone works great now1

its not one X .it is one XL..better correct it.....it is very confusing and misleading for consumer,i want tegra3 and bought it wrong.

The item is being promoted as unlocked, but is very much locked. I had to pay extra to get the unlocking code from at&t and spent hours trying to figure it out...worst transaction ever!

Its a great phone, it comes with 16Gb of internal memory, and dont come with a microsd port, but comes with a free dropbox account of 25Gb. That is fine to play and work with this awesome phone.

it's a great cellphone and it was on perfect conditions, works perfect and it doesn't bring any problems. highly recommended

This is an AT&T phone. Don't buy this if you want options normally available on GSM unlocked phones. Also this thing is not new. The box had damage and had been opened. The screen cover had been removed then replaced with lint caught in between. The reset pin was chipped around the edge.  I bought this as a Christmas gift, it's a major bummer. Should have read the other 1* reviews, sooner.

It is spoused to be unlocked, but you brought me a locked one what I spoused to do write now. I hate your service

It has good looking and generally very good. But the battery runs out fast. And it gets hot of the back.

Great screen, and super beats audia.The screen here is crystal clear, Pleasant colors .Great for youtube videos or any audios infact-Battery life is good enough for a full day with moderate use.-The 8 MP Camera is one of the best in the industry.Very clear steady and all.-Fast browser.Multitasking is well handles.Good value for money

I ordered for a HTC One X with Beats Audio UNLOCKED GSM Android but got a HTC AT&T; !!! the phone has AT&T; name on it!!!. Why ?I am very disappointed about this!!! I will NOT buy anything from amazon.com

very good cell phone. The phone was unlocked and worked perfectly out of the box. I would recommend happily to everyone.

Hello Mr or Mrs I want to let you know that I receive the item yesterday ,but  this item on amazon spot said that include beats Audio( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0078LXM40/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0) and I can't see it.

I'm very upset about this! At this date I didn't recieve my htc. So what you going to do? Send it again or bring my money back

This is a gorgeous phone with a stunning display, but the battery life is awful. They advertise 8 hours of talk time, but it's nowhere near that. It drains power, even though I have it set to the lowest power-use possible. But if you can deal with having a charger at home, work, and in the car, then this phone is great. It takes gorgeous photos, HD videos, and lots of space for apps. Like I said, the only one downside is the battery life. I like it sooo much better than I did the iPhone (which I used for 5 years but got tired of Apple and its proprietary ways).

i am happy. it is nice. it is not so big. because of this i prefered this one . .

phone screen to get broken and the provider refuses to change the product.  I bought a new article for article not shabby. And I received a phone with a broken screen because it has a black spot on the screen

i HATE THIS DEAL .... ! i feel like being duped.the phone was working with the sim card when i got it but after sometimes no more....this is a mess. !

Beware, it's not a stock phone. It's an AT&T phone with a locked boot loader. You will be able to put it on another GSM network but you will not get the AT&T OTA update. You will have to update your phone manually using the RUU download from AT&T. Being that I desperately needed a new phone I decided to keep it despite it was not what exactly what I thought I was getting. I've wasted several hours getting the phone updated, rooting and installing a custom ROM to get all the AT&T cruft off the device.

The item came on time as expected and the phone looks and works great. So far, I have no issues with it.

excellent device

Not my first smart phone but I must say the pictures taken by this particular brand is excellent quality. I hardly use my regular point and shoot camera anymore.

>>BUYERS BE WARE, there are many versions of this phone, the US at&t; version is a 16 GB version, people unlock it via an unlock code and sell it as an unlocked international version, the international one has 32 GB & comes without the at&t; logo on the front. The one on this page is the 16 GB one, the 32 GB will cost a bit more and you need to write in search "32 GB One X", remember this phone has no slot for an external SD card, so more internal storage may be crucial for some!&lt;&lt;----Original review----I used so many brands and models of phones and smartphones than I can remember, and this one here, except for the memory card thing, covers every hole that was in every other phone I used. It also covers any thing u may have thought of having in a phone, and it is doing that in style! I tried the Samsung Galaxy S3 at at&t; before choosing the One x, and it really isn't better. I mean it is just about personal preferences, I always feel Samsung phones ( not all Samsung products, I love their TVs for example)have a cheap felling. Besides I liked how the One X looked more than the S3.Pros:-Amazing screen, and I am coming from a Motorola Droid Razr which has a very good screen itself. The screen here is sharper,  colors are better, no shadows(Razr had a green shadow on all colors. Watching Youtube or any vids on this phone is a thing I long for throughout the day!-Battery life is good enough for a full day with moderate use. Of course excessive movie watching, game playing or hours long web surfing require a twice chraging.-The 8 MP Camera deserves all the fuzz it received when first introduced, its pictures are steady, colors are vivid and quality is really high!-Speed: The phone handles multitasking very well, games and videos are a breath nothing you should worry about here.Cons:The only thing I didn't like about this phone, which is why I would say it is more like 4.5 stars not 5, is the lack of a memory card slot. I mean, seriously? it has a 2 year free subscription for extra storage online and everything, but whyyy?? How hard was it to add an extra slot for a memory card? An engineer's mistake without any doubt.Bottom line, if you want an Android phone go for the One X or the S3, can't make up your mind, try them both and just pick any of them you will end up with a winner either way!-----UPDATE------So I was tempted to get the S3 since I have a month to exchange the phone with at&t; and I wanted to know how better was the S3. I got the blue S3 and I certainly loved it, it doesn't feel cheap in hand as I expected, but it feels rather classy and here are my thoughts in comparison, I hope this experience may help other people decide:- The S3 overall look is really slick, it is ofcourse all about personal preferences as I said before, but sometime I wished that the One X looked more like the blue S3! the metal edges gave it some superiority no doubt about that, the blue finish was really good, but the white looks really cheap, don't think about it!- The Samsung motions( swipe to take a screen shot, raise the phone up to your ears with an open message to automatically dial the sender without pressing any keys & others) are really cool and are certainly a point above the OneX.- Sd card slot, as basic as it is , it is better than not having one!But that is it, these are the only things where the S3 bests the OneX- The Svoice(Smamsung reply to iPhone's Siri) Is totally useless, and certainly needs more development, a good idea that may get better in newer models, but not a plus for the S3, not to mention it consumes more battery when turned on.- The screen is different than the one X, I can't totally explain it, not the pixels density but mainly the colors. As I read online it looks like Samsung forgot to calibrate its screens, so as good as they are colors don't look natural. And you can't really feel it unless u spent some time with the OneX's gorgeous screen, colors aren't as vibrant or bright, a picture of a clear sea looks darker, less vivid and less colorful on the S3 than the One X and though really good, the One X is considerably better.- The camera is good, but again the One X's camera is definitely better both outdoor & indoor, may be not by much but the difference is definitely there.- Eye tracking: It was supposed to prevent the screen from sleeping when you are reading or surfing, well it doesn't do the job very well. In low light situations it is pretty much useless, since it depends on the front camera for eye tracking. In regular light it was ok, but again u had to hold to hold the phone in a certain way to make sure it "sees" your eye! I didn't find it that impressive..or useful!- Speed:same for both- Samsung's touchWiz vs htc Sense is an even battle I liked them both.- Battery: both are almost the same battery wise, though moderate to heavy use will definitely require a twice per day charging with both of them, you may be able to get enough juice till you get back home. Actually light use easily gets you through the day.Of course you can buy an extra battery with the S3 and swipe batteries cos the one X has a built in battery which the user can't replace on his own, but again you can buy a charging case for the oneX!Both have NFC which I didn't use in the ~ Two weeks period with each phone.-------Conclusion-------If you want a better screen and camera definitely go with the oneX, you will regret you didn't go with it when you see one in comparison with the S3!If you are a media fanatic who needs a lot of space, the the OneX isn't for u, the S3 is as good as a phone, even with a lower screen but with extra micro SD card slot. Also if you like to impress your friends, the little Samsung motions are certainly impressive and fun to use and the overall look may be a bit better.WHAT DID I DO?I missed how great the OneX screen was, I certainly missed how awesome HD vids looked on the screen, also I missed the slightly better camera, so I gladly paid the $35 restocking fee for at&t; and again returned back to the OneX, black this time since the white one caught stains fairly easily and had to be cleaned from time to time! I sold the at&t; over eBay and bought the unlocked international version with 32 GB built in memory, which was a bit more expensive but was definitely worth it!

very good product, as described in the description. Screen, speed and camera are perfect. But i didn't feel a great difference after turning on the beats audio.

Jan 21. 2014Well after taking it to a technician, I found out the sim tray is faulty in fact after reading countless reviews and complaints on forums about the HTC one x and also HTC one, htc has problems with making good sim trays, never again HTC never again, please dont buy htc or this pos save money and time and get a good phone.Jan 18. 2014After 3 weeks of use, the phone stopped working the signal antenna seams to be the problem, i did 3 factory resets did other mentions methods on forums to avail, I noticed that some fixed the problem by opening it up and pulling on the antenna lifting the connectors slight more up to get a better connection with the antenna i will try and keep post on this, do not recommend this pos buy a samsung htc has gone down the drain.

This phone was basically brand new. I received it within one day. That's all there is to say. I give it five stars for the service and the condition the phone was in. If you see MOBILE IMAGE and your looking for the best bang for your buck. Give that buck to them. You'll be satisfied

I am not able yo setup mobile hotspot, does att have anything with it? So good so far for the rest

The best smartphone I've owned. So fast, excellent pictures, great screen, even though there are more recent HTC products, I think I'll stick with this one for a while.

I have had the phone for a couple of weeks now and works perfectly. I am using it outside the USA without any trouble, it was unlocked and ready for a new sim card to be put in. It's a good sized phone, my 4yearold is having a great time playing on it. However it is to big to carry in your pants if that is something you consider necessary. Great colors on screen, good sound, awesome price. Battery life is normal, if you use your phone all die (playing videogames or using apps), then battery will die, but I think that is normal. All in all I love the phone, Im very happy I bought it.

I was trying to buy the Unlocked International Version of this phone, the one that comes with quad core processor. But because I didn't pay much attention on the description, and the misleading photos of the phone, I accidentally bought this one.Which is the AT&T; version. Because I'm a T-Mobile customer, I weren't able to connect to the LTE services that T-Mobile provided. (This phone is unlocked, it can be used for any SIM card carriers) With the lost in speed for the quad core, and the lost in LTE services, I was disappointed, But this WILL NOT effect how I'll rate this phone.This is absolutely a gorgeous phone, I had the chance of choosing the GS3 or the One X. But I prefer the warmth of the color on this phone. Screen resolutions as expected will be clear and crisp, GREAT for watching videos.The camera takes high quality photos, it brings out a more realistic color and the burst mode is useful, although, I don't see myself playing around with that feature much.And one of the most important features that this phone provides is the Beats Audio. A lot of viewers you see on Youtube are comparing the volumes of the speak, and totally forgot the fact that, the Beats Audio feature only enhances the quality of the music when you're listening to audios through headphones.Overall, this phone is great for peoples that likes to watch videos, take pictures, and listen to music. which is much for entertainment other then processing speed such as the GS3.I'll prefer this phone to anyone that likes entertainment other then processing speed.

The only thing I missed was that exist more versions of this phone. Anyway, I really like the phone and I'm waiting to get the jelly bean update.

when i got this phone i was confused since i put my sim card in and it said it was locked i called up the seller and he told me the unlock code was in the front of the box... it was a pretty dumb mistake on my part for not checking the box but they were very friendly and the phone works great now1

I bought this phone on october 2012, and for that time it was the best phone I could have bought. Great camera and great finish.

The phone is generally very good, has good performance. Just a detail not fully unlocked, I had to pay an additional cost for approval.

It's On time , good price,good services  , exactly what I want :)And I did continue ordered leather case was good too!Thank you

It's a great phone. Screm is very brillant and all apps running quick. This phone will become one of my favorite.

I bought an HTC one X white 16GB in July 2012 from the AT&T; store. I really liked the design and the screen and was very happy with my purchase.Ever since February 2013 it has been showing this crippling malfunction - When I try to wake the phone from sleep mode, the screen does not activate. It stays off, while the three touch buttons at the bottom are illuminated as usual. The phone can receive calls, but the screen stays inactive for an indefinite period of time. Sometimes it comes back on, but its unpredictable when it does so.In an emergency it would be a real problem if the screen just dies on me since there is no other way to make calls.I'll try to do a factory reset and see if that helps soon. Otherwise this is an unreliable product - probably rushed to the market to compete with the S3

This phone is value for money.unlocked phone in this price is quiet good.Lot of features in the phone.good for travellers.

This phone arrived in an AT&T box.  Upon putting in my T-mobile sim card into the phone, the phone would not work. I contacted both T-mobile and AT&T and was told the phone was not unlocked.  I contacted the seller, who stated they must have had a bad shipment come in.  Amazon was very good about returning my money.

el equipo al primer dia de uso note manchas amarillas investigue y es perdida de pixeles del primer lote de equipos de este modelo que salio es una lastima por que el equipo me encanta es muy rapido pero un equipo de apenas dias no puede tener este defecto o no pueden vender un equipo con defecto. no estoy nada feliz con esto. desconforme.the team the first day of use research note yellow spots and loss of pixels of the first batch of this model that came out is a shame that the team I love is very fast but a team of just days can not have this defect or can not sell a faulty computer. I'm not happy with this. dissatisfied.

This is an AT&T; phone with the dual-core processor with 16GB of storage.This is not the international One X, but the 4G version known as One X+ or Evita. Has 10gb usable memory and can be rooted and S-OFFed with a little bit of patience and accuracy.Would recommend if you don't mind seeing AT&T;'s hideous logo on the body.

This phone is a good one. You will certainly not regret your money. It is worth it. Go ahead and get one.

It is okay but the Beats Audio not corresponding and you did not tell me this.I am sad about it.thanks.

I liked it, because it has good design and good smartphone in general.the battery is bad because it is not removable, but I recommend.

very good cellphone indeed. but I didn't know it was doble core, but anyway i liked it. it worked good, had no scratches on it. I'm from Venezuela-Valencia

i got this phone as a gift for my wife. she loved it so much! to be honest with you, I found it really amazing and that was the first android phone i ever used. the two things that caught my attention is the screen resolution and the audio quality. the screen resolution is stunning, it has a nice contrast and visuals, colors are nicer than other phones. the audio system by Beats is really good. i was surprised why the phone doesn't come with a Beats earphones. all in all, really good phone! would totally recommend it for others.

The only detail is that the vendor doesn't mention that it comes with att logo, but it works perfectly and it's a really nice phone

I am charmed with very good telephone am of good quality and I like it and I fill my expectation

good

You can't fail with an HTC phone. Great capacity and display. Just don't like the lack of adding external memory.

It was a gift for my brother, it's exactly what we're waiting.. it arrives in perfect condition to his hands. Thanks!

i bought this item for my fren she lovit so much .. after i bought it i fall in love with it

Does this phone comes with beats (urbeats) headphones on box? because I need to know that information to make a decision on the purchase as soon as possible.

Ordered this phone for straight talk, cannot use it for straight talk unless I have att service for three months because the phone is NOT unlocked. They won't replace, only refund, so it is a waste of time.

i purchased this item as a gift for a friend, who wished for this model for some time.it delivered on time and i gave it to my friend 3 weeks later. as soon as he started to put the SIM card, his life turned into hell.the mobile switch off in the middle of the phone call. making it impossible to talk to anybody.the no signal mark appear with the lightest movement.a used phone would have been better than this one.i can now understand the no warranty parti would not recommend this company.

After a few weeks of fine service the phone wifi suddenly stop workingi was searching in the internet and surprisingly found that htc one x features a factory defect with the wifi antenna.Multiple recommendations to solve the issue however after multiple attempts it was found that my cel defect deals with the phone processor. In summary i lost my money and now i'm saving to buy a serious brand name for androids like samsung or LG

Awesome

Works like described. Good reception, camera and battery life. Thin size and big screen make for good viewing. Excellent sound as well.

The white finish of the phone makes it so stylish :) and the screen display is crisp despite being large-which is another plus for me. The main camera is a beauty, front camera could be a little better tho.My only issue is I really wished it came with a removable sd card portion and trying to do android and sense updates since the at&t; phone comes running on android 4.0.4 and sense 4

I really like the features of this phone. There are lot of apps that already set.  The only issue is that sometimes it goes into emergency call mode and doesn't recognize the sim.  I would have to restart the phone to get back to normal.  Besides that I pretty happy with it.  Especially the 8mp camera.  If possible, the photos taken from this phone actually have me looking better than I think I look.

Comparing to S3 and Iphone5 its an freaking awesome smartphone. Updated to ICS4.1, HTC Sense flows really smooth.The only two cons I've founded is sometimes the volume on calls are low and the led light that shows the charging and notifications is very week.Processor is fast, screen very bright and the Sense make really easy to use.

When I bought this phone, it was posted as &#34;new&#34;. However, when it came in the mail, you could tell that it was not new. The phone was worn, and the screen was already beginning to come off. Also, there were chips in the hardware. Lastly, this phone was an international model, so the most internet i ever got was 2G, or Edge. I was not satisfied at all. The phone is already broken because it will not turn on even though I just bought it a month ago, and I am not exaggerating.

It has everything I need from a smartphone plus the great look and feel of the htc sense and the phone design.Battery lasts 1 day with use and I get close to 2 days with no intensive use of camera and calls and without 4g (only wireless).This is my third HTC phone and I think will not be the last one. The phone is pretty quick and responsive, it doesnt have any lags or crashes with any apps so far.Totally recomended for a person that wants to buy an android phone, HTC has the best android phones!

You should note that the 16GB is not all storage, it's partitioned and 6GB can only be used for ap storage. It's also stuffed to the gill with ATT bloatware and it will not pic message on straight talk.The merchant was fines, shipping great... phone is just soso

The smartphone fully met my expectations. I declare myself a satisfied customer. The price / quality ratio is guaranteed. Recommended purchase.

The phone is unlocked like it says, but it has the AT&T logo. I have t-mobile and with this phone I can't use the internet that comes with my plan the only way to access is though wifi or your home internet. If you out and about you can't access the internet on the phone.

this phone very stylish, lightweight besides that has 2 excellent camera. their screen is very good the picture is great .. the battery is lasting me lasts up to 2 days connected to the network, all its great features and applications to recommend better than my iphone

nice phone and very inteligent.I hope I will have tish phone long time.I have 2 cameras and I can record everything if are on my back side.

The celphone did not turn on. I bought it in Costa Rica and when it came here, did not work!

My partner got a new one in Nov from his work, 3 weeks later the screen blew while in his suit breast pocket.Yesterday while carrying mine in home depot it blew in my hand. His is through att mine is through sprint, neither company stood behind the product.  HTC doesn't either, too much heat, thin design, going from hot to cold enviroments is why this is happening.

I had this phone for month,it works very good,I love the htc sense,so easy and smooth while browser internet, email,....HTC One X with Beats Audio Unlocked GSM Android SmartPhone - No Warranty - Whitegood quality on pictures. my wife brought this phone for me to replace samsung, she got one from the same seller 3 months ago,she had this phone travel out of country, it works great from unlock features. The quality of this phone is above my expectations from the price.

The product start to fail 3 weeks later of its purchase, I think was the seller and not the brand I got a HTC before and was really good.

I love this phone that has a dark secret. When it is working this phone is awesome. It takes fantastic pictures. Internet speed is great. But be careful with it. Even a drop from a foot or so will dislodge something with the SIM card making the phone a nice WiFi mini tablet. This first happened to me about 7 months ago. Mine was still under warranty and I was given another. My wife has the same phone. Last night my son had it in his pocket and slipped on some ice. He landed hard but the phone wasnt on the side he landed on. Still when he got up, the phone read "No SIM card". Took it to the AT&T store today. Same thing, the phone was broken. This time warranty had expired. Too bad so sad. No visible damage to the phone, but no calls or texts. When my previous phone broke it fell from the couch to the carpet. About 1 1/2 feet. I am now praying my replacement makes it through to our date we can upgrade. And my wife is back to her old BlackBerry.

The phone works fine. But when the company leaves at & t do more updates. He stays with the old version of Android (4.1.1). Then disconnect the SIM card every single time. Nor can select which network you want to connect. I do not like this phone.

insert a sim card movistar Venezuela and asks me unlock code please need pin code thatBuy the phone because its publication says that it is unlocked and it is not so because I requested a code

very good phone

Battery is not good.

the phone was more than i expected it has great picture quality an fun easy to use i recommend it

This HTC One X is fabulous.I&#8217;m using it in Mexico(Telcel) and I had to configure the access point manually; But once I did it, works great.The only issue I found is that just has 10GB of storage, not the 16GB posted.I highly recommend this product

This phone only worked for about 2 weeks. There were problems with charging the phone. It took hours to be fully charged and then it would just shut off suddenly. Useless and a total waste of money.

its very nice HTC One X with Beats Audio Unlocked GSM Android SmartPhone - No Warranty its so good i like it

None of my friends has a cell phone like my. It has access to so my stuff. I am very happy with this item. I will have not hesitation buying from this selle

Bought it for my friend, he's not letting it out of hands!Impressive  screen and camera, fast operating, but battery life is low,and nobody's not buying phone like this for moderate usage.Cheers!

This was a great price. I couldn't justify $600 for smart phone for my son and we had no upgrades on our ATT plan. He chose this phone. I took it to the ATT store to activate and we have had no troubles at all. It is a great phone. He loves it. Thank you.

The product is great. However, when I use internet, it is not as good as apple products. Also, camera is always darker than it is supposed to be. Plus, the product does not arrive as quick as I expect. Other than that, it is a great product and it is reasonable with the price.

Nice phone! No problems, exactly what I wanted. Clear sound, lots of gadgets! Does every thing I needed and more!

genial

I have owned several smart phones and this one is by far the best I have ever owned. Its fast, has great battery life, has an amazing camera, and the display is gorgeous. The photos the camera pulls out of low light situations is just astounding. The videos are gorgeous also. If I had to say there's one negative I would have to say its the lack of an expandable memory port. That's not a negative to me but could be to some I guess.

friends, one of the phones is still locked. what I need to unlocked it?? it is urgentthanks a lot

Hi,The included accessories were not sent as a part of the package.Heasdsets were missing from the package.The description said that all the box items will be included

I'm really loving it now. Everything is real. I just thinking HTC has the best phones now its amazing the HTC One X is the deal

It is not like the picture, there is an AT&T sign on the top of the phone where soppused to be an HCT sign, this makes me feel it was an locked phone but they unlocked it and sell it.

I just recieve cell phone, but i dont like it, bcz everything fake, headphone, usb cable , adapter. and cell phone is not htc one x, its htc one xl. why?

and newbut it was lockedthe phone is very good ,i use itand i hapy with it ,

HTC One X is indeed an amazing phone, and it is unlocked as described. What's misleading about the description from this Seller (Tablet Distribuitor) is that this phone is an AT&T; unlocked phone. Meaning it comes with all AT&T; Software that is useless if you want to use it with another carrier.I've read in many other reviews claiming that this phone is not unlocked because it's from ATT&T.; That's not true, you just need to enter APN values for your carrier.

Great smartphone. I'm follower of the brand and I gift it this device and he loved it and use a lot. Thanks!

Great ph, it's wonderful, even with the dual-core, work perfect the battery work for more than 1 day, great ph

although it appear as the unlocked phone&#65292; but after you get it and you will find the at&t logo on the phone and many at&t application in the phone which you can't delete it.  What's worse? You can use the T-mobile card to make phone calls and text a message.  How about to use the mobile net? No way!

Excellent!!!! :-)

Excelent phone, very nice, very good quality, op&eacute;rate very good in lte Tigo Colombia, i recomend this phone, HTc has excelent phone but this is excelent

its bad... not is phone htc... is At&t...  I lost my money buying this phone, if I had known q was at & t do not buy

I really enjoyed using this phone, because of the neat camera and the good performance. The phone is fast and I don't have troubles with the OS. The graphics are really good quality. The sound is really nice. It's 4G. Also, it responses really fast most of the times.I wouldn't recommend buying it, though, because it has a lot of other problems, like:- Sometimes it doesn't detect your micro SIM card. You must make sure that you're using a micro SIM card, otherwise it won't work.- And my latest problem... The phone won't turn on. It's not working anymore and I have to send it back to HTC for repair. I've tried many thing and it just won't turn on.So, even if the phone is really nice, you're risking losing money. It could happen to you or not, but I am not sure if it's worth the risk. I would rather buy another phone now, but mine has only 2 months of use.

the mic of the mobile is not working and the wifi is not working also.the mobile sucks and the supplier didn`t resolve this issue

Design nice, easy. Android is the bestSupport htc on line is excelent.Cam is great  with autofocus (8 MP flash)

one of the best phones ever.but try to by the unlocked international version! not the at&t!!!.becose at&t is locking some things on the system and u cant change them.

El producto dice que viene desbloqueado y no es verdad, el telefono es de AT&T;, por fortuna la SIM CARD que tengo tambien es de la misma compa&ntilde;ia.The product says that is unlicket but it wasn't, the phone was with AT&T;, fortunately my SIM CARD is the same company... be carefull man.!

This is my first smartphone purchase, so I decided not to pay full retail for a brand new phone.  I am overseas most of the time and need an unlocked phone.  I bought from seller BREED, and the phone arrived without delay as described:  in an original box, looking like new, and truly unlocked.  Using the phone is pretty intuitive and HTC's quick help prompts can be set to reappear if I want to see them more than once.  I downloaded the manual and am now going through it to learn all the phone's capabilities.  Photo image quality with the camera is very nice.  By managing my connectivity services and on-time of the display screen, I have no complaints about the battery life so far.  I keep a charger in the car as well as at home, so recharging really is not an issue.  No complaints!

My rating is summarized due to the lack of information on the computer, and when I received it. He was homolago by the American company AT & T, and it was desired to have unlocked without any image in any promotion. Among other things I got the phone is perfect. That's it.

not served the phone, we can do? no vuelvo a comprar sin Garat&iacute;a , no me fij&eacute;. no v&iacute;! que no tenia, Dont see it!  &#34;FATAL&#34;

For the price this HTC one x is a good choice, it works just fine with all applications I normally use.

Ordered this htc one x, it came in good, but without a working charger, i wrote to the seller, he sent me another one, while i have already bought one, but the phone is in good condition and i love, will recommend it to anyone

Locked difficulties but the phone is malfuctioning and blinking after 2 weeks of use. flickering. watch what you get. Thanks

I got the phone when it was first released spring of 2012. I must say it lived to every expectation, I was 100% satisfied with the phone. Until exactly one year to the date of purchase. after I was forced to take the Jelly bean OS upgrade, the battery life suffered tremendously (50%). Also my signal would constantly jump from full bars to no service at all.  What upset me most was I contacted HTC on several occasions about the situation and all they would respond with was it was my carrier, even after i told them people around me with the same carrier don't have this problem. I looked on youtube and found that others had the same signal problem. I feel as if they abandoned HTC ONE X's issues and concentrated solely on the HTC ONE. I've since traded it in for a Galaxy s4. So far so good.

I can consider this phone more than 5 stars qualifications , it is very advanced and excellent and friendly operating system

The camera does not focus. I discovered that this problem affects many people have bought this model. To my misfortune, I brought the smartphone to Brazil, where there is no support from HTC.

Purchased phone awhile back, but I have now switched to the Galaxy S3 (thank god) Shippping was on time & everything, yet when I turned the phone on and scrolled through what was through it, I noticed pornographic pictures scattered throughout. The front facing camera had dirt and specks of dust all throughout it, so I never got to use it. I tried taking a Q-Tip to it, but it never could clean it out. When I purhased the [hone I was told by an AT&T rep, that I would have to pay $65 a month for unlimited everything, including data. Turns out, I can't even get internet on it. ONLY wifi. I DO NOT recommend this phone to ANYONE! Samsung Galaxy S3 is the way to go. I love it so much more than this.

The phone has very poor battery life. The main problem is that lots of people are telling me that when trying to call me it goes directly to voice mail. I run a business so I maybe changing it

The product description states: "It is also the company's very first quad-core device.(...) The quad-core processor ensures incredibly fast web browsing and a high quality gaming experience (...)". However, this phone IS NOT quad-core, it's dual-core... Very disappointing.

Its an excellent phone, good perfomance, good camera, and colorfull and brilliant screen. Includes many AT&T apps that doesnt work out of USA. No FM radio included. Spanish, English and French language. Jelly Beam 4.1.1. Low battery duration. Beats doesnt work with speaker (low speaker). Works fine with 3G. Very difficult to root... If you are not AT&T client, you need to do a complicated setting for enable Hotspot mobile and tether

I bought this phone on another site since Amazon didn't offer the best price (sorry Amazon). I thought not having a micro SD card slot wouldn't be an issue, but it is. I don't even watch videos on my phone, but I was hoping to use it for downloading music to double as an mp3 player. It is useless for this, because it does not have enough memory unless you dump optional apps and also because the sound doesn't go loud enough to hear the songs well (and I don't even like my music loud).The thing I dislike most about this phone is I cannot keep a bluetooth paired to this phone. I have to pair it repeatedly, and sometimes it still doesn't work. It was mentioned as being an issue all over the web (of course I didn't see that until after I bought it).Another problem I have is I can't clear my Swype cache. I took it back to the AT&T; store, and no one seems to know how to do it either. So I'm stuck having the Swype spell "picnic" for me when I want to Swype "ladder" unless I format the phone completely. Ugh.Yet another thing I don't like about it (although minor) is using my personal pictures for wallpaper background. The phone forces you to crop the pic so much hardly any picture looks decent. You can't use horizontal pictures at all, and vertical pictures have to be narrow.In long, I'm really disgusted that I paid $400 for a phone with so many technical issues.

Good description,seller is recommended. When I bought, I afraid for battery status, but the battery is like a new, more than 24 hours per charge

So, the phone is fast, has a good sized screen.  4G Worked for T mobile and 2G worked, but 3G did not work. Whenever I am in a 3G only area, the phone is useless.  The Phone has ATT Start up Screen, ATT specific programs pre-installed and badging so just be aware.

Let's clear up some confusion about this phone.1.  Is this the international version, or the US version?This phone IS the international version.  It is actually the HTC One XL, or Evita model.  The US only version is NOT sold in white, and is the Endeavor model.  How do I know this?  Because I bought two of these phones used, white, from a private seller.  They have the AT&T; stamp above the screen.  But I root my phones and upgrade them with custom ROMs.  In the process of rooting and upgrading these, I realize that my phones only accept the Evita version of ROMs, which means that despite the AT&T; logo, they are the international version.  AT&T; simply had some of these ordered with their logo so they could offer more in-store color options.  This can be confusing, but it's just a logo, it doesn't necessarily mean the hardware inside the phone is different.  Relax and buy on!  Of course, I can't speak for the sellers on here if they sell you a phone in a lesser state than they guarantee, so if you get a phone that is less than promised, contact the seller to correct it, and if needed, file a complaint with Amazon.2.  Dual core, or quad core?I see some grumbling about how many cores the processor in this phone actually has.  I personally have never seen the base model of these phones for sale with a quad core processor.  The International (XL) and US versions (X) of this phone both advertise dual core processors on Amazon.  I wouldn't get too hung up on the processor speed though.  With 1 GB of RAM, these phones are screaming fast, and can easily keep pace with pretty much any other phone on the market in day to day tasks. If you really, really want a quad core HTC phone, search for and get the S720E One X 32 GB or S728E One X+.  They are upgrades on the hardware level.  They look basically the same, but offer a quad core processor and larger storage capacities.3.  16 GB storage?  32 GB?  How much storage space do these phones really have?The original HTC One X and One XL only offer 16 GB of storage.  HTC also offered a refreshed version with a 32 GB option and quad core processor.  There is also the S728E One X+, which offers a whopping 64 GB of storage.  You have to search specifically for the S720E 32 GB or S728E if you want the closest thing to the phone sold here but with greater storage capacity.  But as far as the base version One XL sold here, it is only 16 GB.4. Wait a minute.  I bought this phone as a 16 GB model, but total storage space according to the operating system is only 12 GB.  Why?HTC adds an extra layer of security to their phones called "S-on", or Security On.  Their is a partition within the flash storage on the phone that houses sensitive firmware-related and hardware-related files, and this occupies the missing 4 GB of space.  Security On protects this partition from intrusion, as tampering with it could result in an unusable phone, AKA a "bricked" device.  So, don't panic.  HTC actually does us a favor by shielding us from these files.  This 4 GB of missing space is absolutely essential for the phone to operate normally.  Just be aware of this before you purchase.  If you need a phone that offers more space, I suggest finding an equivalent phone with an SD card slot, or purchasing the S720E 32 GB or S728E.5. My battery life isn't all that great.  How can I improve it?For the less adventurous types out there, the easiest way to regain some battery life is to disable unnecessary apps.  HTC and AT&T; like to install a bunch of applications that the majority of us simply won't use.  So we call that "bloatware".  To disable the apps, navigate to Settings, Apps, All and select the AT&T; or HTC apps you want off.  Force Stop the app, then Disable it.  For those who are computer savvy and have rooted before, I recommend unlocking your bootloader, installing Clockworkmod recovery, and then installing Superuser SU and Root App Delete from the Play store.  These apps will allow you to delete the HTC and AT&T; software altogether.  A Permanent fix would be to go one step further and install a custom ROM (operating system) on your phone.  This will give you a clean operating system with no HTC or AT&T; apps.  There are tutorials at XDA-Developers forum on how to perform all of these tasks.  To get your phone's bootloader unlocked and start the process, search for "HTC Dev" in your search engine of choice, and you will find HTC's developer website that takes you step by step through the unlock process.  Your bootloader has to be unlocked to install a recovery and root your phone.6.  My personal thoughts on this phoneMy family is very satisfied with these phones.  They are fast, capable, and despite the S-On feature, have adequate storage for our media needs.  The screens are sharp, pictures are fantastic, and keeping up with friends on social media is pleasurable on this phone.  We almost prefer the phones to our desktop computers when it comes to social media.  The battery life is great once rooted and cleaned up.  I love showing them off to my friends with iPhones, because let's face it, they are as capable as the iPhone 4 with the right apps installed and for less money in many cases.  I would recommend them to a friend, pending they take my advice on disabling or removing unnecessary apps.

the item was not what he have on the auction, the power button is stuck, the charger made the phone get very hot and it have a lot of scratches all over, is not an 8/10 it is like a 6/10 because of the issues describe by me previously.

I love everything about this phone, but I am having one major issue with it.  The slot where the sim card goes apparently has a manufacturing defect.  My sim card loses connectivity and then shows no sim, therefore, no phone service.  This happened on the first HTC One X I got, (which was only a couple of weeks after purchase) so I went back got a replacement. Well, a couple of weeks into this phone and the same thing is happening again! It is very annoying as I do not know when it happens till I look at my phone. I cannot receive calls when this happens or text.  I am wondering if I should go and try another replacement HTC One X again, or try to get another phone completely to replace it. Has anyone else had this problem?
