
NOT A T-MOBILE its an off brand called HUAWEI, which is not stated in the info for the phone, you have to order a starter kit with a sim card before you can activate it, also not stated in the info on the site, & T-Moble cant port over all area code phone numbers so i lost my business line when I switched from a prepaid verzion :(not happy about alot of things that they dont tell you before hand, but the phone is nice & works well

be careful and turn off default setting. phone comes with a default setting in it that is turned on for data services and it charges you daily whether you used the phone or not if you picked a daily plan. other wise the phone works pretty good, camera leaves WAY more to be desired

I purchased this unit from a T-Mobile dealer just before going on a trip. The first bad experience was that it did not change the time when going to different time zone. Store did not know how to fix it, but finally found a hidden menu that corrected the problem.  My requirements for a cell phone are ease of answering, ease of finding your contact and ease of reading in daylight or dark. This phone fails all three of these requirements. When swiping to answer it hangs up half of the time.  It loses your contacts that you want to call, but reinstates them after turning the phone on and off and having to wait for the reboot.  The selection for your contacts brings up a menu of all of the different folder options and not where your contacts are at without making a selection.  It brings up two different formates for your contacts, but neither on a consistent basis. The touch screen brings up the wallpaper menu frequently when you try to get to your contacts. Icons on the screen do not stay where you put them.  If you need to make a call quickly, this phone will screw you every time.

It works for a cheap smart phone, and is pretty durable.  I have dropped mine a lot and don't have a cover for it.  Not super fast, does not have a lot of storage space.

I love this phone, it is very durable, like some phones do, it wont break the first time you drop it. also the touch screen is very easy to use! i also love how you can download any app you want, AND YOU CAN GET EMOJIS! YAY! overall i love this phone

I have a number of different Android phones in my household, ranging from this one to much higher end ones. Each has its advantages and disadvantages. Which one is best for you depends on your needs.The biggest advantage of this one is price. I got it as a lightning deal. If it hadn't been for that, I might have gotten aSamsung Exhibit II 4G Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile)which is a MUCH better phone. I have experience with that one, and its predecessor, and they are pretty good low end Android phones.The biggest disadvantages of this phone are features, amount of ROM and processor speed. They curtail what you can do with it, but meet my needs anyway. If you have a phone at home, in your office, and have hands free calling in your car, you might need a lot less in a phone than others do. I have fairly constant access to a computer, except when I'm driving, in which case I won't typically use a phone for more than making phone calls.This phone has a 3.2 MB camera. That's good compared to even good phones from five years ago, but bad compared to even cheap point and shoot cameras. Likewise the video camera capability is fairly basic and won't look very good on a big screen TV. Still photos will be adequate as long as you don't plan to zoom or crop. For me that's not a big issue because even the best Android phones have cheap lenses, digital zoom, and no viewfinder. So a better phone would not help me and I'll stick with a camera when I need one.This has a rear facing camera. Without a front facing camera, applications such as Skype are limited to voice, at least in one direction. There's no light on the phone, so everything from the simplest flashlight app to taking pictures in relatively dark areas won't work.The processor is too slow to watch something like Netflix without it being jerky. It's not impossible to use for that purpose, but it won't be very good. Then again, even the best processors won't do me much good if I have to use a display that's this small. I'm not likely to want to watch a movie on a moderately bigger screen such as with aSamsung Galaxy S IIanyway, so I'll have to live with Netflix or Amazon at home. But that would be the case with the best Android phone for me so it's not a loss.This phone has 3G, not 4G. That can be much slower. If you live in an area without good 4G coverage, it won't make a difference. And with WiFi, you can get by without either of them. Given my situation, I won't have a problem at home, at the office, or while driving, and even places like Starbucks or my doctor or dentist have WiFi these days. So do some entire cities in Silicon Valley. So do some airports, but the lack of it can make things tougher. In my case it's so rarely needed that I don't have a data plan. So 4G would not help me at all. When pressed, I ask whoever I'm traveling with to look things up.Although it's easy to get a much larger microSD card for very little money, there are many things that can't be installed on it, and it's easy to use up the phone's ROM fairly quickly. If you are planning to use mostly built-in apps, it's not a problem. I've downloaded under a dozen of my 100 Amazon apps, since I limited it to the ones I actually use. And I added a small handful from the Play store. That alone used up almost all of the ROM. Then again, I have what I anticipate on the phone. So if you plan to add every interesting app that comes along, let's hope they can go on your SD card.I do use things like Google+, calendar and on-line directory and it's nice having things synced automatically. But for me it works when I'm near WiFi. That's fine because I won't need to use those things away from my phone except when I'm near a computer as mentioned. Syncing my contacts and calendar automatically once a day should be fine, and realistically it will happen much more than that. Plus, with Google+ I won't have to worry about storing my photos and videos locally, and won't have to worry about transferring them since it's automatic. The resolution is good enough given the screen size that when looking at photos on G+ not taken with the phone, it won't make a difference.Some things such as syncing your phone directory to T-Mobile's MobileLife will NOT work over WiFi. But even without a data plan, they will work over 2G if you turn it on. If you plan to use the navigator, set it up to plan the trip before you leave, while you still have WiFi, unless you will have reliable 3G. In my case I have navigators in all my cars, so it's not a big loss for me.For somebody with needs like mine, who wants calendar, contacts, and photos synced, wants to be able to make calls or send messages from anywhere there's reception, this phone might work fine. It has the look and feel of other Android phones, but not the capabilities. But it might not meet those needs either. After a few days, mine started rebooting randomly throughout the day. That can be annoying during a phone call, more than annoying when you are using the navigator while driving, and an even bigger problem if the navigator can't resume after a reboot.  After an extensive web search I found that random rebooting is a common problem for this phone. I found no clear solutions. A possible cause, according to some posts I read, was clearing out cache and user data for apps I never used. I may have done that because there's simply no other way to have enough room for adding a handful of apps.  So if you can accept the apps it comes with and very little more, and the phone goes more than 30 days without rebooting for no reason, then this might be a good choice for you.

I'm an experienced Android user, and so far the phone is working pretty well. We'll see how long it lasts after the first full month of use. The features on this phone are nice, the screen is simple and the phone is thin and light. Plenty of space for music, photos, and videos. Added with an SD card, it holds a lot. I don't normally care for touch screen keyboards but I'll make an exception for this one. Tipping the phone sideways lengthens the keyboard and makes texting easier. The web browsing is excellent, very clear and allows full page exploration. Comes with the Android Gingerbread system, which is nice. Its fast and has a lot of nifty features. Overall, excellent phone.

I recently ordered this phone on line. I use pay as you go since I do not make many phone calls or text. Iwant to hook up Bluetooth and possibly I heart radio and Pandora to my new car. Within a few days of using the new phone I began to have problems. The phone would shut off or calls would not go through. I called Tmobile and they troubleshot the phone and determined that it was defective. Since then I was given the run around on returning the phone and getting a replacement. I was told to take the battery and back cover out but the customer person forgot to tell me to keep these items. I was under the impression that everything had to be returned. When I received the replacement phone there was no battery or back plate so I call them again. I was told that I should have kept these items and there was nothing they could do to replace these .I would have to contact the battery manufacturer to purchase a new. Obviously I am very upset because I still have to pay the charge bill which was $90. To make matters worse, this phone is now on sale in the stores for $50. I originally bought it on line because the stores were out of this model. Lessen learned....never buy electronics on line

I am amazed how good the FM radio and speakers sound. It is fast enough to play games on it like Angry Birds, Doodle Jump, Jewels Deluxe, etc. It holds as much memory as needed for apps or music with an added micro sd card. It has good reception and calls are clear. The 3.2 mp camera has good colors, and is fine for sending MMS. The video recorder is fun, though not a good quality picture. Youtube works good over 3g network. It is a little small, but my 10 y.o. daughter loves the size and uses a little stuby, sponge-tipped stylus that came with an aftermarket case we got for it. After eight weeks of use it has never frozen up or been sluggish. I have heard that keeping the phone memory, call, and texting logs cleared out helps, and she does that. For the price it is a good little android phone.

*** EDIT **** phone died after two weeks.I want to say that I didn't purchase this phone from Amazon, but felt I liked it so much, that I needed to give a review.  For me, I already have two kindle fire units and I wanted a simple smart phone.  Before I got this, I got a samsung slider phone that was difficult to text.  And to be honest, nearly all my music and movies are on the Kindle Fire HD 8.9.  But, I wanted something better in a phone.  I dont need it to run movies, but would like to have some apps available to me.  I got a killer deal from the T with a pre-paid plan.1) Light and small.  I don't always want to take my Kindle Fire with me.  So, the apps that I use the most I can get right from the Amazon App store!  Hotmail, Facebook, Amazon MP3 App, and more! And because its light and small, I can take it practically anywhere.2) WiFi Calling.  When you are in range of a WiFi network, you calls can go over that network, but T-Mobile still charges you for regular minutes.3) WiFI Data. This is where the phone really excels.  Listen to music from your cloud player, get on Facebook, or check email with no minutes coming out of your pre-paid minute plan.  This is awesome!4) Volume.  One thing about cell phones that always bother me, I can't hear them when they ring, and I can't hear the other person talking very well.  With the Prism, this is not a problem because it turns up loud enough for me both on the ringer and on the volume.5) Blue Tooth.  I got a blue tooth headset that lets me listen to music, and answer the phone with the same headset.  It has good range and syncs up fast.6) GPS.  This unit can use sat data or cell data, or both for GPS functions.  Thats impressive!7) Processor Speed.  Ok, its not that great, but when you consider that I wont be needing to run movies, its just fine.8) Memory is limited.  So, buy yourself a 32GB Micro SD card and replace the one that the unit comes with and enjoy.  Spend some money and get a good one that's fast, it will run better!

This is my first smart phone, and it's great to have email, videos, apps, etc. on my phone, but it doesn't do basic cell phone functions nearly as well as my old cell. I don't ever use the WiFi calling, as the phone always drops calls on there, and I will often hit the mute or end button with my face accidentally mid-call, which is a pain. The texting function is the worst. It freezes at least once a day, and I have to restart my phone a couple of times to get it to work. The buttons on the keyboard when you're holding it vertically are also quite small, and if you've got any callouses on your thumbs, be prepared for your phone to constantly mix up t and y, or i and o. The speech to text function is a pretty good solution for that problem, though. I also have to restart the phone when the 3g just decides to stop working. I'm kind of mad that I'm stuck with this phone for two years, but I guess it's better than a blackberry or iPhone.

T-Mobile Prism Android is by far the worst cell phone I have ever experienced. T-mobile refused to take it back because it's a $50.00 prepaid plan. Please, do yourself a favor...DON'T BUY THIS USELESS, CRAPPY, PHONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This is a great phone for people who want a simple smartphone. It can get just about any app that iPhones can. A good app that the phone can get that people love is INSTAGRAM. Yes, you can get Instagram on this phone.

It never ceases to amaze me how different the experience from person to person can be when writing reviews. I despise my Prism and am returning it after one day of use. I will say a few good things first: It has a nice look and I like how there is only one button on one side. My previous phone had several on each side. I don't think this phone is user friendly, it was difficult navigating everything. The touch screen was the worst, it was either unresponsive or way too sensitive, and that really bothered me. Okay, so it isn't the most high end smartphone out there, still we pay our hard earned money for these things and they should work, they should work well. It dropped calls, the sound quality was low when speaking on the phone, the service fades in and out.I also didn't like it because it's big and bulky, but that is a personal preference and does not figure into my rating score.

Hate this phone. NOT WORTH ANYTHING OVER $40!!! I promise. It is super-slow, prone to problems, and has horrible everything. With how bad this phone is in conjunction with T-Mobile's ADEQUATE service coverage, be prepared to constantly drop calls, get frustrated with not being able to send texts, forget anything fun like Spotify,...I mean what is the redeeming quality of this phone? If you could buy it new for $40, that would be it.Well I take that back, I can say the phone is pretty decent at taking abuse. But it is abuse that it definitely deserves...

I bought the 3G T-Mobile Prism at a big box store for a $100 bucks and I think considering the 4G Exhibit seems to have many problems at $170, this Prism is a fine "pay as you go" text and voice phone with the added features of being able to do a bit of data over WiFi and being able to place calls over WiFi with the included "WiFi" Calling icon at the same text and voice per minute price.If you dont use a phone very much to begin with, this phone is head and shoulders over the Tracfone LG840g even with its triple minutes for life, which I also use.  The T-mobile per year price over the long run will be less than $50 for my usage...better than Tracfone's $80 per year minimum.  A fantastic feature for me is to be able to enter my complete address book into my Gmail account on my desktop and have everything automatically synched to my Prism.  All I have to do is log into my wireless router at home and check my mail with the phone.  This summer, as I travel around the country in my car and on my motorcycle, I will check the coverge compared to my Tracfone but its nice to know I can go to any Starbucks or McDonalds and place a call for 10 cents a minute over their free Wifi.  This phone also roams in Canada for 59 cents a minute but again you can go to your hotel in Canada and use the Wifi to call home for 10 cents a minute.  I say for $100 bucks, and $50 a year after the first year, its a bargin.

I am a 20 year old guy, who was looking for a simple phone, so I figured I would go with the prism. after reading a few reviews and watching some videos, i figured it looked pretty good. Here are a few things about the phone that I don't like. Right away, I found out that the phone does not have call waiting (even though it states it does), and I hung up on my boss. Also I'm not a big texter but after 2 weeks i have to manually erase all my messages, or else all incoming texts are blocked, so i have no clue who sent it just a notification that someone tried texting me. another thing, the phone comes with 2gb of memory, which is absolutely useless because after the phones internal memory is full, it notifies me that i have low memory and to transfer all apps to sd card. apps that are preloaded with the phone cannot be transferred, and this blocks you from being able to download apps. Now onto the actual apps, the apps will not open 2 out of 3 times. When I am driving, I am often tempted to throw the phone out the window because I am so frustrated by how it closes my apps on its own. the internet connection is terrible as well, and the phone is extremely slow all together. This phone is terrible, I wish i had saved my money and bought a better one. My advice, save your money and invest in a better phone/plan.

i love this phone first i bought at walmart but for like in three months i lost it then i decided i should have this phone againshipping was in 3 days and the price is perfect THANK YOU

it's as if they threw some old phone in a box and it looked like soda or something sticky with spit on itand it was the totally different wrong phone and it was not in new condition it was old and beat up and broke

My Android died so I wanted to get something nice but simple and inexpensive. This phone had so many bugs and problems that I ended up having to find a new phone faster than I wanted because it wasn't functional. The screen quality wasn't good either. The only reason I gave it 2 stars was because I had a friend with the same phone and hers didn't seem to have as many problems. Save yourself the hassle.

Constantly drops calls, bad reception, when using GPS the phone will get hot and automatically shuts down. Very disappointed with this product and T mobile has a terrible phone replacement policy, customer has send the phone to their return center insured and only once they receive it they will mail the new handset that can take up to 7 days. The loaner phone that you can get from the stores takes a deposit of $50. The worst part is T mobile will only replace your bad phone with the same phone. Even though there are many unsatisfied customers with this phone, it is still being sold. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE !

way too sluggish

People like to complain when they find small problems with something then rate the whole product down just for being stubborn. There is little to complain about this amazing phone and such a low price. I mean, FREE with contract and $150 without contract? Seriously? You people get a great phone for that price and are complaining? You should be throwing fiesta's about how good the deal is. Anyway the only cons I found with this phone is that the camera has no flash, and it's a little slow when using things such as Netflix, but what do you expect? It's not a computer! You get what you payed for. And for this cost you can't go wrong with the Prism. It's a great phone for anyone, especially for people looking to save some money and want a great phone to use. Easily one of the most underrated phones I've used.

I bought this phone as a birthday gift for my elderly mother, the phone its-self seemed to be a pretty good deal, a single core android phone running gingerbread. I believe the phone would be great for a teenager for a younger person, but the small screen and keyboard were to hard for my mother to use.I believe for a starter phone this would be great.

this product actually came like 5 days early. I love it. the thing I dislike about it though is when you click the buttons the viberate kind of loud.

I owned this model of phone straight from the T-Mobile store.  And the screen shattered from the inside out, while I was holding it in my hand!  Apparently this model can't tolerate humid weather, and the screen can "burst" from internal pressure if you use it in a bus shelter during a rainstorm, for instance.  I would never buy this model again, it's the only phone I've seen that can crack the screen so easily.

So... I had an Android phone, I dropped it, it broke - so I found myself in need of another phone and I didn't want to extend my contract.So, I got into this phone for $150. I have to admit that I'm a little bit spoiled by Honeycomb and ICS devices.I find the telephone calls to be clear. Bluetooth to work flawlessly. Internet calling is nice enough for me to consider reducing my unlimited calling plan (since I also carry a hotspot.)Here's where the phone is lacking... it does not do a good job of running 2 apps at the same time. I'm a runner, and wanted to use Slacker radio and the Handy Runner app at the same time. The phone was completely unable to do this.On the positive side, there's an FM radio whih does work well.Over all, it's a good basic phone, as long as you're not looking to fully unleash the full power of Android.

It's good for what it is but I found the same phone, brand new at walmart for $99.00. Next time I'll do some comparison shopping.

It was a good and usefull phone now I'm using it with no problem  but I would like if it could certainly versions of app

The phone started to  work as order,it is a good cell phone.One for the money two for the show ,three to get ready andthis cell phone is ready to go!

the phone had problems from day one they weren't that bad at first but i got it December 5 2012 and now I've had it for 8 months and the phones basically useless i can barley text with out it crashing, it turns on and off for no reason it locks me out when i haven't touched it, its slow, i don't receive text, and the trying to call people takes me 10 minutes and texting people takes 20. this is the worst phone I've ever had it makes me aggravated.

Pandora app is crazy on and off. Screen locked up twice already. It is not able to hold 3G. My old original galaxy s did. Not even close to same quality. This phone is cheap ....Too much trouble ...even with straight talk it stinks. Wasted money...

I would rate it exilent I would recomend it to friends. It is a very good and usefull product. Thank you

Why sell your trash to someone it hideous I wish I never spent my money on this trash come on

My 11-year-old saved up for this phone for her prepaid plan. I've occasionally used it, too. She's had it for 6 months and likes it a lot. The only problems we've had with it are that it seems to drop the Wi-Fi a lot and say it's not connected, and it won't play Netflix. I have an LG Optimus that is also on a prepaid plan and it doesn't have this problem with our Wi-Fi. The hardware specs on these two phones seem comparable, but the LG seems better. Netflix is unusable on the Prism which is very disappointing because that app is specifically mentioned in the advertising for the phone. The audio and video will not sync and we've tried everything to get it to work. We have a 20 Mbps internet connection, so that is not the issue. Netflix works great on the Optimus. She doesn't have trouble watching youtube videos on it, except when the Wi-Fi cuts out. Other than the video issue, this has been a great phone for her. Gingerbread is nice, too!

Very hard to use, and the refill minutes dissapeared for no reason. The customer service sucks big. 2 of my payments for refilling couldn't go through, so I called my credit card company, and they said they are waiting for T-mobile's authorization number. So I called T-mobile, and they asked me for my birthday, social security number and blah blah blah... what? they think they are credit card company now? They need all the information just for $10 online payment for refill card? Anyway, the whole experience is really really bad.  However, I spent $150 upfront for this phone, so I am kind of stuck now.

I returned it. It's fairly slow (Netflix is practically a slideshow unless you set your bandwidth to lowest quality, and even then you get A/V sync issues). The screen is fairly small, compared to some of the other newer Android devices out there, the camera is low quality, and the headphone output is extremely weak if you pipe it through your car's stereo.Call quality is quite good, though. I returned it and bought a used Samsung Exhibit II 4G for the same price -- even new, the Exhibit II retails for only $30 more, and is a much nicer and MUCH faster phone.I can't see paying more than $75 for this phone new. It would have been a great phone for $149 in 2009 or 2010, but it's not worth the money when there are better phones for near the same price point.

Great low price smartphone.Very basic and easy to use for older people that aren't so technologically savvy. Awesome gift.

This is a great starter smart phone.  The only problem I have is the internal memory.  I have installed a 16GB memory card, but I need to reconfigure the internal memory because I have ran out of storage and some apps will not upload.  Other than this minor issue it is a great phone.

Purchased in the T-Mobile store not on Amazon.I am a moderate phone user (call, text, email, GPS).This is the first Android phone I've owned and it is perfect for my needs. The phone is small and sleek without seriously compromising screen size. Battery life is good. I charge every other night. Of course, heavier use will mean more frequent charging. But I don't have apps constantly running that use up data and drain battery life.Pros:-Battery life-Call quality-Size-Touchscreen is responsive without being hypersensitive-Lots of ways to customize the functions on the phoneCons:-No front-facing camera-No quick access to camera. You have to unlock the phone and click on the camera app...you may have missed the moment by then!-All of the alarm clock sounds are annoying-Speakerphone is not loud enoughOverall, really nice. It is on the more basic end of the smartphone spectrum, but it comes with enough bells and whistles! I doubt you could convert iPhone users to the TMobile Prism, but it's a great, relatively inexpensive option for a light to moderate user who wants a smartphone. I have no complaints so far!

This phone does everything it is supposed to do when it is not freezing up every 5 minutes even though the person might have one app running. There is not enough memory on the phone for one to have everything they may want (there is only so much you can transfer to the SD Card). It is basically a requirement to have to delete stuff that you might need on the phone to create more room or space for anything else you may want to add. The back cover comes loose since the first time undo it to take the battery out. Constantly shuts down even if it is just laying on the desk. It is a good phone to have if you have it for five minutes anything longer than that you might want to reconsider buying a new phone.

I love this phone.  This is my first android phone and I don't know why I waited so long.  It's perfect for me and my needs.  Love It.

my perception was I can use this for email and more and pay as I used it without a contract. After I got it and activated it, I can't use it for email without a contract.

I bought this as a gift to a friend who had an older cheap Android phone that broke after it fell. The phone is very light but looks very well built. It has a nice size screen that is very responsive. All the apps and widgets perform perfectly and it seems very responsive. Definitely an upgrade from his previous phone. He is very happy with his new phone and I'm very happy with my purchase. Best you can get for that price point. GET IT!

This phone looks good for how much it costs, and it works well. It lacks the features of some other phones that aren't much more expensive, but that's as one might expect anyway. I got it for $129 on Amazon with Prime shipping. For a moderate increase in price, the Samsung Exhibit II 4G is much faster, has a little more screen size, and front/rear cams with led flash on the back. The Prism is better in terms of price, but many user might be disappointed with the feature set. On the plus side, Huawei's speakers sound pretty good and the battery life seems to be decent. This is my second Huawei-manufactured handset and I'm impressed with how much they give you for the price charged. This phone is a great value, but it is definitely not a high-performance rig.

My kids have all kinds of amazing electronics and loads of knowledge about what to and what not to buy, so I listened when they recommended I toss my blackberry and "upgrade" to an android phone.  I was hesitant but decided it was time to drop the contract and switch to a no contract phone. The Prism was offered at an amazing deal through T-mobile, but now I know why.  Let me just say that I think the phone is fine for the grandma type, who simply wants to make and receive phone calls.  It will give you a modern look, with just about everything you need from a basic smart phone, such as touch screen, internet, and a camera.  However, if you want to use the phone at all beyond that, this phone may frustrate you.  There is so much to complain about but I will limit my comments to the three biggest reasons to leave this phone on the shelf.  First, the phone reboots as much as 20 times a day.  This is not an exaggeration. While it has never shut down in the middle of a phone call, it will reboot right in the middle of typing a text message, using the GPS or searching the internet.  It's so random and unpredictable.  Hate that!! The phone takes quite a while to set up again after each reboot so if you're on the highway, following the GPS and the phone shuts down, expect to miss your exit before it comes up again.  Seriously!  Second, during phone calls, the screen times out.  The screen goes dark and there is no way to turn it back on without disconnecting the call. There have been many times when I've wanted to touch the screen during a call in order to activate or deactivate the speaker phone, or to press a number on the dialpad, such as "press 7 to delete messages" or "press 0 for an operator".  Won't work with this phone. The only way around this is to set the screen time-out to the 10 minute or 30 minute option, which drains way too much battery.  My third and final complaint is the limited storage capacity and the number of useless factory apps that take up needed space. I have additional storage but these apps cannot be transferred to the memory card.

I love this phone, it is awesome, I love everything about the phone and it works well in everyway. The voice activivation works very well while texting during driving.

I order this phone Samsung prism and what I got was a phone the look like on but is was from china and the branch was huiawei WTF where that is from

well this a nice phone  but it faled to work i had to order a new 1  only had it for 40 days  i hope the new one will last longersome of the  screeen wouled not light uo after talking to hang up  had to push the on /off button to hange up  my pre paid minets  faster untill i figered this out

overall the phone is good. like with any phone it has it's down points. the phone will shut down and restart on it's own i guess

This is my first smart phone.  I am enjoying the smart phone features, but one big drawback has been the speaker quality and phone reception.  When I use my phone for conference calls, I get a lot of complaints about the sound quality.  They say it sounds muffled - like I am crumpling tissue paper.  This is a huge drawback if you are on a lot of conference calls like I am.  I will need to retire this phone immediately and get another.  I had to use my son's old school flip phone to finish my calls today.

So far I like the phone, however when I pulled it out of the box, it looked as though someone had opened it and ripped the plastic container. Overall, great phone.

Let's get something out of the way first, this is not a power device for the experienced smart phone users.  Android devices spread all spectrum of user base and the PRISM is squarely aim at the first time demographics.  Powered by a 600 MHz single core processor, this phone is only about 60% speed of my Spring XPRT which is more than a year old at this point.  With this said, the menu transitions are snappy and most applications hums along in a self assure pace without missing a beat.  The 3.5 inch 320x480 resolution screen isn't going to win any awards, but it is colorful, clear, sensitive and pretty useable.  Unlike the SPRINT devices, TMOBILE only loaded minimal amount of crapware onto this.If you are already a Google family like mine, the suite of software works right outside the box.  Gmail, Drive, Music, Talk are integrated and functions transparently.  I miss the ability to integrate with Google voice like I can with a Sprint device but this is not a fatal flaw.  As an added bonus, WIFI calling (basically voice over IP via WIFI) works right out of the box and can be used to make free phone calls when you are at home.  PRISM comes with a GPS, Bluetooth, WIFI(b/g/N), 2G/3G mobile data speed, accelerometer, proximity sensor and a digital compass.  The operating system is v2.3.5 (Gingerbread)which is more speed optimized than many of the 2.2 devices still out there.  The on board camera clocks in at 3.15 MP, 2048x1536 pixels but I would only use it in cases of emergencies or for people simply don't know any better (which is more or less the same assessment of most of the mobile cameras).  2GB SD card comes standard with the phone but you can expand to 32GB if you want (but... why?).  If you do any traveling, this device operates with both GSM 850/900/1800/1900 and HSDPA 850/1700/1900/2100 networks.  This means this phone will function in most of countries with a GSM network infrastructure.This is one smartphone that doesn't break the bank!  $20 on contract or $150 off contract, this device is comparably superior than similar offerings from Samsung such as the DART.  I bought this device for my 11 year old son on a PAY as you GO plan and he had no problem leaving the dumb phone world behind after a few minutes of fiddling.  This is a great device for first time SMARTPHONE users.  Although racing Ashalt 6 probably isn't appropriate, give PRISM a shot if you simply need a reliable device to make/receive phone calls while learning what all the BUZZ with the SMARTPHONE world is all about.Pro:* A very cheap device ($20 on contract, $150 off)* WIFI calling works and doesn't use plan minutes.* Integrated phone books with Google contacts.* Ability to switch to pay by day plan right on the phone.* Minimal bloatwares installed* Although a very slow device, there were very few crashes or lockups. Resource management seem to work pretty well out of the box.* Can utilize over 40,000 programs for the Android ecosystem.Con:* Very limited internal storage (&lt; 200MB).  Programs have to be installed on internally memory while data (i.e. music, books, movies) can be loaded on the SD.* Fairly slow by the modern standards.  Some programs won't run well because of the low processor speed(i.e. games, Netflix, etc).* Virtual keyboard a pain to use (Hint: learn to use swype).* Included Camera is next to useless.

First of all, I consider myself a techy, working with computers for last 25 years and have used Androids for the last 3 years or so. I was in the market for a new phone, and I liked the Prism because of price. I usually check out reviews and specs, but either forgot to or it slipped my mind. We went into a local T-Mobile store and they had them onsale for 99.00, which I thought was a great buy and bought two of them, one for my wife and one for me. After a few hours of using them, we realized the limitations of this phone. My wife first noticed it, the phone gave notifications that it was low on memory. She reseated the SD card and wiped the device and it seemed to go away but has come back after about 10 days. For me, 2 days after purchasing it, I noticed the memory error and could not clear it up. I only had about 3-4 apps installed. I tried wiping the device several times, no luck. I installed after one of the wipes a memory manager and it would clear some of the memory, but was shortlived. I got so tired of the problems that I decided to return the phone after one week. However, I did not know of T-Mobile's return policy and only got back about half of what I spent on the phone. T-Mobile charges $50.00 restocking fee on smartphones.If you are a person that only uses one or two apps, maybe the factory installed apps, this might be a good phone for you and probably a good phone for first time users. However, if you are a heavy Android user, I would not recommend this phone to you. I would suggest a phone with more internal memory. The Prism only has 160 mb of internal memory, most other phones offer 512mb.

but it is difficult to use, freezes up a LOT and the battery life is pitiful! I went from 100% to 90% after 6 texts in only an hour.Rear camera only, small memory capacity, no missedd call or missed text notification built in.I am so glad I only paid $50 for this.

I thought this was actually the real Prism--my bad for maybe not reading clearly or maybe it was really a &#34;bate-and-switch&#34;--but this phone is awful.  I have had it for two months and I can't stand using it--very cumbersome to use.  Most of all, the signal strength is very week, so I don't even get as strong a signal with this as with the old cheap phones.  This influences the &#34;hands-free&#34; function in my car too.  NO ONE can every hear what I am saying because the signal is so unclear.  If I can return it (may be too late) I will.Stay away from this piece of garbage.

This is my first Android, I don't really have any complaints except for the very low internal memory. Im about to upgrade, but again, not bad for a starter.

Thought this would be a great phone buy when I got it at Tmbobile but since then Ive gone through 6 phones cause all of them kept shutting down for no reason and then restarting and I was running no apps at the time.The phone itself is decent if you can keep it working, Now ive lost just about all my letters in my phone and haven't had it a year yet. If you do buy it, I hope the you don't have to go through what ive been through.

Among many many many other problems with T-mobile, the Prism phone lacks a basic feature.  It will not tell you when a text message was sent.  Only when it was received (which of course you know because you are reading the message).  If you turn off your phone and go into a long meeting--when you come out and turn on your phone back on, you won't know if the texts were sent five minutes ago or five hours ago.  This is such a basic feature it never occurred to me ask about it.  Yeesh.

Very happy with T Mobile service.  This phone is perfect for our teenager.  $15/ month for unlimited text and this phone works like an I Pod.  Anywhere there is wifi she has full internet, no additional cost.  Very economical option.

I bought this phone about three months ago. It recently stopped receiving any signal. After many store attemps to fix it I had to get a replacement. This meant going a while without the phone. Now I've received the replacement phone (am still under warranty) and this phone is already broken after ONE WEEK.THIS PHONE SUCKS and T-Mobile customer service SUCKS. I wish I had just invested in a better phone to begin with. Took a chance and got a lemon.

It works real good.just wish it could hold more memory in the phone.it takes real good pic and gets good msg

Just bad considering the other phones out there. Slow, terrible battery, no memory. Get the galaxy light. Cheap fast and awesome!!!

This phone is terrible. I got it at the end of January and I'm already having problems. First, it won't allow me to connect to the contacts on my sim card and when I try to add new contacts, it tells me I have no space for it. Second, every two or three days, the applications stop working and I have to restart the phone. Third, I have the option to automatically delete messages on my phone selected, but it always says that my inbox is full and it won't receive anymore texts, then I have to restart it to get the text I received (which will typically come in an hour later).I have other problems, but those are just the major ones. I'm getting a new one from T-mobile but that's only because it's too late for me to return itDON'T GET THIS PHONE JUST BECAUSE IT'S CHEAP. SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOMETHING ELSE
