
I could reommend this item to people all over the world. I'm from Venezuela, and I'm using it right now. It works with almost all 3G companies.

It is great but I didn't get satisfied when I could download some apps therefore I have to look for a newer version.

I am fully satisfied with the size of the phone, the quality of the product, the battery life (lasts me about 2 days between charges), and reception.  I recommend it!!!

The quality is just ok, but I got an used phone with the price for a new one. And sometimes the phone performs bad when I need to input some numbers during a call.

It is a good cell phone. Pretty fast. The only problem I found was that, after 10 months of use, it stopped to vibrate. I just don`t know why.

I really like this phone. So far it hasn't given me any troubles. It works perfectly with DIGITEL in Venezuela.The cons I actually see on the phone are:1.- The camera is pretty slow. it takes too long to take the shot and you have probably lost the moment you wanted to capture, plus there's no zoom.2.- The notifications don't appear when you're playing a game. for example: when I'm playing song pop, the phone rings but doesn't show the notification.3.- The alarm clock is a bit complicated. You need to go into the clock, then go to alarm clock , then go to alarm and THEN create the alarm. I think it could be way more simple if there was a direct acces to the alarm clock, but you can't create it.4.- The front camera could have better resolution.5.- the LED light doesn't blink. Weird because a friend of mine has the GALAXY S II and hers doesn't blink either, so it seems more of a GALAXY issue.But despite of those things, I think this phone is great. It's all about getting used to the phone and I'm very happy with it.

The Cellphone was sold as compatible with a band i could use with my mobile operator but it didn't. The seller had the description wrong. The cellphone is pretty good but I can not use it where I live.

A very good phone for that price! recommended if you do not have much money, in venezuela dont work with 3g

Horribly slow going between apps...contantly freezes. Also there is a delay when receiving calls. If you are looking to buy this phone don't buy it.

I've been using my new phone since I got it. It works very well. However, there are times when the screen would freeze and I would have to restart my device. Some lagging in functions, here and there; but overall it works fine. I'm loving the double sided camera too! The flash and autofocus features are awesome. This is waaayyy better than my Samsung Galaxy Y Duos. I'm really enjoying my new Galaxy Ace!

Buy this product as factory unlocked with 4 GB of internal memory and 768MB ram. its unlocked! But not factory unlocked, with 2.3 GB of internal memory and 555 MB RAM!!! and it is a product for France, not for America! This was not the product that I bought, The problem is I'm in South America,!!! I can not return it and I feel cheated

Based in the price of the product it is a good option if you want a cheap smartphone. You can download good games. And  if you use an a good sd card, like 8g sd card, it will not be so slow. Also I dont recommend to use a lot of widgets.It works very well in Costa Rica.

MUCH LIKE ME ALL THIS COMPUTER WORKS PERFECTLY WITH 3G DIGITEL ON BECAUSE MY PHONE IS THE VERSION THAT I8160P NFC TECHNOLOGY IMPLEMENTED NOT BELIEVE THAT THE USE IN VENEZUELA BUT ME PLEASING THE LOOKS SPECTACULAR Pantala HURT NOT COME WITH GORILLA PROTECTION I LOVE GLASS FLUID EQUIPMENT IS, uPDATABLE A FAST AND JELLY BEAN HE TRIED FOR A WEEK AND NO I REPENT FOR ANY OF MY PURCHASE

Phone is continually freezing up. Purchased extra battery. Still the same problem. Would not recommendany one purchase this phone.

mi equipo llego en excelentes condiciones y sin ning&uacute;n tipo de problemas, vendedor 100% recomendado, responsable para compradores interesados ok.

I bought the phone a month ago and tried everything came brand new, good shipping time and worked fine. The only negative side is that this version cannot upgrade to jellybean, which wouldve been awesomeso i uave to wait until samsung decides to do it. Other than that i really got a good phone for the price i paid. got a dual core, nice camera and runs smoothly doesnt get better than this.  Oh and the price amazon got is 80 bucks less than ebay and other stores.

I have own this phone for more over than 6 months now. The screen &#34;digitizer&#34; is strong, no questions asked, and the strength of the phone overall satisfies my needs. However, it is sad the fact that the RAM and the storage is combined. For example, it says that the ram is 1GB which is really a misleading explanation since 1GB is the RAM combined with its storage. If you store too many apps, let's say you only have 300mb left, that will be your RAM because you have used the rest 700mb to store your apps/docs/pictures. Also, do not buy an SD card for it because you can only store pictures and videos in that, wbut you will not be able to save apps in your SD card. With that said, I do not recommend this phone for your teenagers, but if you are only going to use this for text messaging and call, this is definitely a good choice.

I love my new Galaxy Ace 2. Little things are different from Galaxy Ace Plus. Front Camera has low resolution but in general terms, it's quite good!

Hi I need to know what kind of network uses this galaxy, as not all work well in my country, there is a comment that says that this network has 1900/2100 but the description says you have the network 850/1900. which is the network that owns this galaxy?

It is an excellent phone that I can do things with my former team not to, I like to write, call on my new Samsung phone.

in product specifications says that working on the band 3g HSDPA 850/1900, I'm in Venezuela and my telephony operator uses the 1900MHz band for 3G and this phone does not recognize the 3g, 2g only need your help, that just does not work in Venezuela.

Excellent price/quality relationship. It is enough for a manager profile, access your email accounts, news, business applications, etc. Also you can play videos and games, but you have to avoid to overload the memory capacity. Exist a lot of apps to optimize the performance of the smartphone.

excellent product excellent seller 100% recommended attentive responsiblehave to narrow that the product is not international version does not work with all operators but it is still a very good product

Todo bien! Funciona 100% con Digitel en Venezuela. El equipo lleg&oacute; en perfecto estado, lo recomiendo!El &uacute;nico detalle es que tard&oacute; 3 meses en llegar gracias a la empresa courier Liberty Express..

Well, I wanted an affordable, good quality-price  cell phone, non apple.The size was a critical choice for me, because I wanted to still have a cell-phone-like look , not a tablet in my hands.And I also do not want to have a locked-be-a -provider machine, so this is it.So far so good, it does the job. I need to charge almost  every day, but I think this is the price for having a nice looking screen to look at.

Small size, easy to use and very good battery life, best phone x price, its an very nice phone for me.

This is a great option for people who doesn't want to spend a lot of money in a phone but still want to experiment the options of a smartphone.

EL DIA 10 /3 ISE UN COMPRA DE UN TELEFONO SAMSUNG GALAXY ACE 2 i8160 INTERNATIONAL VERSION FACTOR UNLOCKED BLACK POWERFUL DUAL CORE 800MHZ PROCESSOR, SIMPLAY MODEN, STRIKINGLY STYLISH, LARGA AND CLEAR 3.8 WVGA DISPLAY, SATISFIES THE MOST DEMANDING USAGE,MORE SEPHISTICATED ORIGINAL  TOUCHWIZ 4 UX Y TODAVIA IQUE ESTA EN LOS DEPOSITOS EN MIAMI VA PRA 3 MESES X FAVOR SI NO VA A MANDA LE AGRADESCO Q ME HAGAN EL REMBOLSO

phone is small and very handy.The phone doesnot have much reception in US. Works fine outside but not in any closed areas. Sound clarify is ok and camera is good.

This is a decent phone. I got the white one.Some high lights:Pros:- Screen size is 3.8". It has multi-touch and screen detailing is crisp. Phone has a compact size.- Run smoothly on decent specs with dual core 800 MHz processor and 4 Gigs of internal memory. (a bit below the 1GHz on some high end phones with this same processor so this phone is probably underclocked for better battery life).- The phone has 768MB of RAM. (a bit below the 1GB on some high end phones).- Front-facing camera for video conferencing!! This gives the ability to skype or video-gtalk. Also gives the ability to add a face unlock app which is really nice.- Mobile Hotstop for tethering; WiFi Direct.- 1500 mAh battery with very good life. The phone will easily take you through the day with average use - I get 30 to 40 hours on a single charge.- microSDHC up to 32 GBCons:- Gingerbread 2.3.6 (Would have liked to see ICS 4.0x on the newer phones coming out this year, I have seen only one reference to possible Android Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0x upgrade)- Maybe the price is a tad high @ $290 and a lower price of $250 would be more competitive.- Camera could be snappier. Hopefully an update would take care of this.Network: Update 12/04/2012- 2G Network GSM 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900- 3G Network:GT I8160 - 900/2100 MHz BandsGT I8160L - 850/1900 MHz BandsNote:Amazon list the phone as GT-I8160 but there are actually two models of this phone which have different 3g bands. I ordered the GT I8160 from Open Group Wireless. Check with the vendor for the model number before you order.Overall:This is a nice phone with internal specs just below some of the high end phones.

good afternoon, I'm interested in buy an samsung galaxy ace 2, but in venezuela, for movistar and movilnet, I need that the version of the phone be the I8160L for work with 850/1900 band, do you have this one?

At first this phone was working fine but now is a slow one, and it is hard to use it. I definitely do not recommend it.

It is not a US version phone. I think it may come from UK. But I like it. It has a few hardware upgrades comparing with Samsung Galaxy Ace.

The phone works well. It's cheap obviously. It was delivered very quickly (I live in Atlanta, GA USA).Battery is weak especially when the brightness of screen is high.I had this phone for a few months and I still have some problems with the touch screen (maybe my fingers are a little thick, but I don't have this problem with iphone).

I bought this phone because my brother has it. His work fine and fast but this one is very slow and turns itself off, among other things. I wish I can return it.

Thanks for the speedy delivery, this smart phone is excellent for the price and has many extras. I really enjoy the voice command.

I bought this for my wife's first smartphone. Great starter phone for that purpose. Works flawlessly and was easy to setup.PROS: Easy setup, shipped fast and item was as described. Good battery life.CONS: Not the biggest screen out there, but manageable. Could use more RAM.

Very good cost/bennefit ratio! It works very well... good camera definition... very useful apps... nice design... the touch scream works very well...

I purchased this phone to use in South America, and yes the previous reviews are true this is the GL-I8160L version of the phone. Which as of this writing of this review, the phone has a official Jelly Bean 4.1.2 update that has been released for this phone model. You can update the phone to Jelly Bean using the Orion loader and the official Jelly Bean update from Samsung-updates website by looking up the exact model number and version. no need to do a lot of crazy configurations or loading custom pit files. I tried updating the phone via KIES software and Over the Air firmware update on the phone itself but was not able too. However once I manually updated the phone it has really been a far more up to date experience than the stock android 2.3.6 Ginger Bread experience which was pretty fast but it lacked the compatibly to do video on Instagram and run newer version of popular apps. The battery life on the phone is pretty good and the over Jelly Bean experience is really smooth. The phone is perfect for travel since it is factory unlocked and it does not attract too much attention to thief's overseas. The best part is the price and power of phone is close to that of the Samsung Galaxy S3 mini. For a budget buyer and world traveler this phone is great. It does almost everything essential that your Galaxy S3 or S4 does but in a smaller package. I would recommend this phone for people who are also looking to upgrade their old outdated phones for a affordable unlocked phone.

Hi!I need a phone with 3G frequences in 850/1900 to work in Venezuela with MOVILNET operator.Is this version available? - Thak you!

muchisimas gracias por el producto el cual cumple con todos los requerimientos y lo recomiendo al 100%. gracias por todo

is the best phone ever. very very very good. fast, great screen and camera. the best cost-benefics relation in the market. i recomended. sorry my english ;-)

excellent service, im full satisfation&#8226;Do explain why you liked or disliked this product.&#8226;Do compare to similar products and share how long you've used this product.&#8226;Do identify specific attributes (e.g. comfort & fit of a shirt or the battery life of a camera) and whether they met your

We purchased this phone after we had to reutrn one for not properly working from a different seller. It came and was new, turned on proper, was in english and was very easy to navigate.

Good price, nice specs, the interface is very fluid.The Samsung layer is very user friendly.Screen size is very good.I bought it for my mom (49 yo), it is her very first android phone, and she is very pleased with it.

Excellent product, nice details, very good graphical interface and super speed, for a mid-range phone. If I had to buy another, I'll do it again.

Best phone ever!!! Is a Beautiful phone with everything working perfect, the shipping was very fast and can recommend the product 100%%%. Also the camera y very good and app runs great.

Didn't want the bigger Galaxy S, S2 or S3 so got this instead. Decent so far, the only quirk which can be annoying is whenever you complete a call there is a delay of 15 seconds before you get back signal to make another, even after updating the OS. The drop in signal was a provider issue. The only thing this phone needed was the capability of the S3 without the size.

Check with vendor the 3G/HSPA frequency. I understand vendors import from various countries. The unit I received was GT-i8160L, which seems to be designed for Latin America. Tech specifications available online indicate 900/2100 MHz for 3G (not 850/2100 MHz as Amazon states) so may not work with some operators in US.

This being my first droid I was very apprehensive.  However I was pleasantly surprised when I found that the phone was very user friendly, easy to manage and a comfortable size.  Would recommend it anytime.

The real phone space is 1.1Gb to USB and 1.2GB for the system, a total of 2.3GB. The ram is 555MB and the battery is consumed quickly. For the rest excellent phone!

i send it as a gift in Ecuador and it works perfect, i really love it saumsung is in, right now :)

I have had the phone for about a month or so now, it works okay. I would give it 5 stars except it keeps switching between networks for some reason, and since I am only on one network when it switches I lose signal and data. Carried it to my local phone company where they were trying to tell me that the phone was no good. Good thing I am one of those people who likes to open up settings and see whats what. Come to find out that the phone kept on switching between GSM and CDMA and that's why service was up and down. Since the default was GSM/CDMA my phone company just put it on GSM only and I have been having less problems since then. It keeps asking for my okay for hand configuration, and the phone does not exactly snap completely closed, but they are minor annoyances not worth returning the phone for. Other than that, its a great phone. Looking forward to seeing what all it can do.

EXCELLENT

Got the black one. This is an excellent device!!! Phone is really great. It's very fast and the sreen is awesome! Graphics on HD video are extraordinary. Apps works really good and it has Polaris Office, so you can read and Edit your documents (Word, Excel, Power point, etc). Ethernet works very fast (3g-900/2100 Digitel in Venezuela) and phone shape/size it's perfect!!!Definitly the perfect phone for the best price!!! You won't regret it!

This is an amazing smartphone, it's really fast, low price, all in one, I really recommend this phone... For Digitel users in Venezuela works really great in 3G.

I choose a 4 rating as the phone i s not perfect but for the price and a low to mid range phone i am satisfied..i would like to get my Wi-Fi set up as i have a few difficulty getting this going ...however it may be my set-up. sometimes some features/apps turn on and off by themselvesI like the host of features this phone gives...it is a very cute product ..not too big and not too small. while playing music for hours battery life is good.....however i turned off the wi-fi and some additional apps off as it continually search and kills the battery....I definitely would recommend this phone as it give you exactly what you pay for.....also great as a no-contract phone, big deal here...cuts down on the huge monthly phone bills.

The phone itself is fine for the price the only thing wrong is that I wanted to movistar Venezuela and this phone does not work. And according to the publication if it works in that band which is a lie.

It has such a late delay with EVERYTHING.. the simplest thing you do, bringing up the menu takes 15+ seconds!!! Whatever app, activity, internet surfing your doing, it kicks you right back to the home screen. Most of the time its freezing up & you have to restart the phone by taking the battery out. All in all...It absolutely suckssss! don't buy this phoner never ever. Amazon stop trying to sell it!

excelente buen estado del producto y en perfectas condiciones, me encanto. buen vendedor gracias. lo recomiendo... bien  agradecida y complacida. encantada

The 3g network is 900/2100, not 850/1900.... So I bought a bad product and now I'm in Venezuela and I cant change it...

I've had this phone for about half a year now and I do not intend to change it. It's a good size (I don't like my phone being too big), light, fast and versatile. The battery holds charge for a day or two depending on how much I use it and I do a lot of browsing (over wi fi), email and facebook. The camera is solid (for a phone camera) and the sound quality is really good, both during conversation and music reproduction (I listen to the built in FM radio and MP3s fairly often). The only thing I don't like about it is that it tries to synchronize everything by default, i.e., it wants to merge my phone contacts with my gmail, facebook & skype contacts (oh, the skype app works great on it and the, albeit lower quality, front camera is great for it) which I don't care for (call me old fashioned, but I like to keep my contacts separate). Overall, I'm really satisfied with my purchase since I got a lot of features for a lot less money than if I'd bought something like an iPhone or a Galaxy SIII. I've also successfully used it in the US (on T Mobile & currently AT&T) as well as on various networks in Europe.

Hello. Good cell, is used in Venezuela with Digitel operator and working with the band 900, No me funciono con 850.Regards.Joer Vasquez

My first smart phone. I could not be happier. It has everything I could want without the high price tag of the Galaxy S series. I use Consumer Cellular and it is compatible. I had a little trouble getting the Consumer Cellular data network to work with this phone. I just downloaded the Tweakker app from Google Play and that did the trick. Great size. I can see everything easily and it is not too big.

It's a nice phone, multiple applications, easy to use, nice design and let me stay in touch with my friends an news  trought social networks...

The phone is ok. Everything is going on. I could migrate the information in the previous phone without any problem

I really liked the phone: great size (I hate the trend to bigger and bigger screens like the Note2), fast, did nearly everything as expected.... but mine had one BIG flaw:When I lost the carrier signal the phone didn't reconnect: so it happened a few times that my phone was sitting on my desk for half a day without a connection (until I checked it) and after restart I had 5 messages on my mailbox.Don't know if this was a hardware issue on my phone or a general issue on the phone, but I'm sending my phone back.

good speed but bad segnal it is good and fast but the segnal problem is with all line of venezuela like movistar, movilnet and digitel

It's a good phone. I had to go out and buy an adapter since the power cord had an European outlet.

To begin with, this is a very sleek phone with an easy to grasp operating system. The phone itself is light but seems sturdy and well-built.  Button placement is logical with crisp actions.  However, performing operations beyond dialing on this phone is tedious.  If you have ever owned an old computer on which you installed the latest operating system, you know what I mean.  Having more than one user application open at any given time noticeably slows the entire system.  Make the mistake of using two or more relatively tame applications at the same time and you are likely to freeze the entire system.  I put most of the blame on how Android treats background operations, but the phone hardware is equally liable.Skip this phone and get an older iPhone or perhaps the Galaxy S2.

This phone is excellent! I bought it as a present for my wife and she loves it. I definitely recommend it!

It didn't bring mi SD Memory. . . . . . . . . . . . . .  .

Just like in the description. It is a great cellphone. Highly recommended. If it says it's new, it is indeed.

They sent me one that doesn't work with the bands my operator uses. Only works for Digitel. If someone in Venezuela wants this phone for Digitel, they are free to contact me :(

It was very easy to start using this new smartphone cause everything was synchronized perfectly although the original language was something I didn't recognized. I could get my contacts, settings and everything back from my previous galaxy that got bricked. The battery duration is the only thing I can't be satisfied. The seller is highly recommended doe I have some trouble with delivery and send the product back to them, but we they manage to send it back to another address.

Lo compr&eacute; para mi suegro, sin embargo no es la sensaci&oacute;n del momento, claro, para el precio est&aacute; bien; cumple.

Product arrived quickly. This is a great smartphone - easy to use, looks sleek.  No complaints and nothing more necessary to say!

The Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 i8160 Black Factory Unlocked is an excellent phone. It's too easy too use. Have a lot of free apps to use that you can buy it on Android Store.

MUY BUEN EQUIPO, EXCELENTE CONDICIONES REALMENTE ES LO QUE PED&Iacute;, FUNCIONA PERFECTAMENTE; LO RECOMIENDO ABIERTAMENTE LA ENTREGA TAMBI&Eacute;N FUE PUNTUAL

Only Samsung.

the phone was for a gift but turned out ok, the person loves it. Good phone for the price. is ok

I purchased this phone on the 30th of August, and received it about a month later. When I finally received it, it starting giving problems almost within the first week. After less than 2 months, it has been shutting itself down at random times, such as during a phone call, or even when I simply touch the screen. The battery life depletes very quickly,I charged it fully and after a few hours it's dead, even if I don't do much with it (eg no wifi, no blutooth etc). I am very disappointed, I tried to return it LESS THAN TWO MONTHS after I purchased it and the seller curtly informed me, INCORRECTLY that it was over 2 months and I could no longer return the phone. I don't know if she is on another planet where the months are less than 30 days or what, but I am EXTREMELY DISSATISFIED, I would NOT recommend this product. Do NOT buy this phone from this seller!!For the customer service and the defective product I would have to give one star, although it deserves zero stars. I will NOT be purchasing from this seller again.

It's a great cell phone. I bought an ace 1 before but this one is much better. Everything was ok.

This is my first smart phone.. I was hesitant because it is an unknown model here in the states, but in Latin America, where I travel a lot, it is a very popular model.  I am very pleased, but keep in mind that here in the states you wont be able to find a good assortment of cases for this model.  I bought a bright green one (so I wouldn't lose it).. here on Amazon that fits perfectly, no problems.  I have been using the phone now for a couple of months and no problems other than it loses my network once in a while, which requires removing the battery and sim, and reinstalling. But for me that is par for the course with restarting electronics when they get confused so I dont mind.  Great phone at a great price.

Excelente,  la entrega se hizo en el tiempo estimado como el producto son excelentes. Felicitaciones.......Era tal cual lo que esperaba.

is a good cellphone. is not actually mine, it was a present for my 13 years old sister, and she loved it. the product arrived on time, and in excelent conditions.

I bought it for my husband. It's a great phone (GT-I8160L) and is unlocked for Digitel, Movilnet and Movistar. I am very satisfied with the seller Mango Wireless for their excellent care.Lo compr&eacute; para mi esposo. Es un excelente celular (GT-I8160L) y est&aacute; desbloqueado para Digitel, Movilnet y Movistar en Venezuela. Estoy muy satisfecha con el vendedor Mango Wireless por su excelente atenci&oacute;n.

1.The shipping speed is very very slow. Nearly half month.  I gave many calls to ask them where is my order. &#34;tomorrow tomorrow&#34;the result tell me that I can not believe them again.2.It said a 4GB phone, but actually the system just available 800 Mb free space. And the usb space just have 1 GB.I sent e-mail to the seller, he told me that the operate system itself takes up much space.  Take more than 3GB space?! It's a joke! Not honesty.

Estaba buscando un telefono de Android, desbloqueado y de tama&ntilde;o medio, el Ace II es excelente, liviano y delgado, con todas las funciones  necesarias y muchas mas.

Please. I need to know if it works in Latin America. NOW!!!! Please...I live in Ecuador. I need to know it today.I will ask it for Christmas.

I love it, It meets my expectation very well.I like the fonctionality and the shape, not too havy also.Thank you for your service

It has lags during its operation, more than I expected from it. I hoped that it would be faster due to its dual core processor therefore I'm a little disappointed of its performance.

got this phone activated at the beginning of january and have had nothing but problems with it. cant hook up to the internet. doesnt download pictures or play videos.

goodnight I buy a Samsung Galaxy 2 i8160 Black Factory Unlocked 5MP 4GB Droid and received a Samsung Galaxy Ace GT S7560M 2 that's disrespectful to me

Super sensitive touch screen, slim, libiano, Super fast, good sound. Recommended product. I arrive with all original packaging. Do not hesitate if you want to buy.

These phones are great, though a little bit light, it does practically everything. Got these for my friends and they are well pleased. I love the fm radio feature that it comes with.

It has all the great features you might need out of a smart phone. It worked for me on my trip to South Africa and will hopefully work on my trip to Spain/France.Con: slightly slow touch screen compared to my Galaxy 3. Not a big deal, but wanted to mention it.

I am still learning some of the feature on it.  After fitting into the leather case this is convenient to take about.

So far so good. the phone has a very crisp and clear picture. My only peeve is that the battery is poor. It doesn't hold charge for long and runs down even faster when the WI-fi is turned on. For that reason i gave it four stars.

It has an excellent product versatility and easy handling, memory peed, offers excellent photographic and multimedia quality. Very good cellphone

The item is so accurate, only the specification 4GB i didnt find. i found 1GB. Maybe i can't see all.

I bought  this phone for my brother  in pakistan he liked it very much it is good here in USA and out of the  Country as well .

Necesito saber si esta version es la que el 3g funciona sobre los 900 Mhz para decidirme en hacer la compra.I need to know if this version is that the 3G works on the 900 Mhz to decide to make the purchase.

This is my first smartphone and I have had it for a couple of days only, so I have not fully used the android applications available. The touch screen has good response. There are apps for Google Gmail, Google Talk, Youtube, Map, Google+, Voice Talk, Talk, Yahoo mail , News & weather, voice recorder, camera, voice command, FM Radio, Navigation, music hub, social hub, gallery,calendar, internet, google search, downloads, photo editor, messenger, Task Manager, Samsung Apps that provides a lot of options to download more apps etc.... The calls are loud and clear and I could check my emails via Wifi without needing a data SIM card. Yahoo mail looked better in the android phone as it showed attached images in small preview in the inbox view. The cell phone also downloaded some SW patches and applied after Wifi was setup. The GPS is good, have not tried the navigation feature. The Camera does not have a Zoom feature. Hoping to use the talk app to make free calls over free wifi (home, airport etc)Update July 13---------------Its been a couple of months now. I am still using the phone for making/receiving important calls or when I am away from a landline... not doing much browsing and have not used Google chat yet.  I use Whatsapp app for chat which is free and good. Have not downloaded any apps.I feel I could have got a mobile with larger LCD screen size and higher resolution camera 8 Mp.But those occasions when I miss higher resolution camera are few.....would have been good to have, if not for the high price of such phones. Basically the camera size is correct size for carrying in my pocket, making routine my phone calls, to check my company stock symbol once in a while. to read news online when on free wifi ..... occasional use. mine is a T-mobile prepaid plan... I have accessed online webpage for Google search, travel directions, hotels etc... while traveling. not sure if this was over 3g etc. but web page was slow... possibly due to my prepaid plan. I anyways do not use browser much on the road other than when on wireless networks that are free.I would like to upgrade the mobile to ICE CREAM sandwich android version. But so far no default software update has been available when i connected the phone via Kies software downloaded on my laptop. No new firmware available yet in US for this phone.

Fully met my expectations of a new smartphone.I totally recommend this product for someone who starts using smartphones.Great size, battery life and OS.

Buena compra de este telefono, este modelo es muy bueno, garn capacidad de procesamiento y memoria, muy fluodo en el manejo, sistema operativo robusto.

I bought this phone because I needed a smart phone but couldn't afford a high end GS3.I like its features for the price. Decent memory, ram, dual core processor, all of which works pretty well. While the phone may not be butter smooth like a high end model, it offers many of the same functionalities.A weak point for me with this model is the internal memory. While it is 4GB, most of this is taken up by the OS, leaving only a little over 1GB for storage. A problem arises as you start loading up apps. You quickly run out of space, and apparently (I've checked forums) even if you select the external memory card data is stored in the USB storage. Go figure.Other than this, the phone is pretty solid and I would recommend this purchase if you are not looking for the same features as a high end smart phone.

The phone is OK. BUT, you sent me the i8160L which does not work with my phone company. This is the first tme it happens to me, and I'm so disappointed,. I don't know what to do to get the right one. If you could help me, I would appreciate it so much!Thanks,patricia.

This is a perfect size phone, that I bought for my mom. It is unlocked and can work in other counties as well. The price and quality are perfect.

si llena mis expectativas excelente bien recomiendo el envio demoro por que era para venezuela llego todo bien agradecido por todo

the order was placed perfectly came to the destination very fast and even though I have not in my hands have to send it to me to porq Venezuela guess is in perfect condition

I bought this phone thinking what a great deal for a mid-range smartphone and then found out that it would not support the 3G from T-mobile.  T-Mobile uses the 1700/2100 mhz frequency for their 3G network.  You need the phone to support BOTH frequency in order to get 3G.  Maybe AT&T supports the frequencies on this phone.  Check with carrier before buying!  I had to return this and get a different phone.  Also, if you want the NFC enabled phone, make sure to get the i8160P version.  P=NFC...no P means no NFC.  Hope this helps!

Estoy realmente complacida con este equipo... Al igual agradezco al vendedor y lo felicito por la calidad de sus productos y la entrega del mismo...

My mom has always been reluctant to mobile phones, but to give to her this Samsung has changed her life. It's simple to use and has a lot to relieve their retirement.

El celular llego sin la memoria que dice la descripcion de 4GB por lo tanto no le doy 5 estrella

The phone was delivered as described, was quick and effective. It's in perfect condition and fully functional, no problems to activate with the operator. I'm quite pleased with this cell phone because it has many improvements over version S5830 (ACE), in terms of speed (since it is dual core), ergonomics, screen and graphics, also has more storage memory for applications (rather negative aspect in the ACE version). I like a lot the performance of this phone regarding this range and price, and compared to other brands of the same range (like Sony Xperia Miro) is excellent. His design is very attractive and has some similarity to the Samsung Galaxy S3 Mini (Samsung Galaxy I8190) and is a bit thinner than the ACE. I have to confess something I did not like, is that the camera shutter to capture photos is quite delayed, however the image quality is very good. Another negative thing is that the phone did not come with a Micro SD card, maybe no longer manufactures are coming as well. In general terms it is very good phone for the price it handles, has usually what you need and performs quite well.

I bought this phone nearly 3 months ago and so far I am pretty satisfied with its quality and features it provides.  According to Samsung's announcement it should be updated with Android Jelly Bean in April. Overall it provides all basic smartphone features with reasonably low price. I had read almost all reviews and comments about all smartphones in this category and with similar features before buying Galaxy Ace 2. Two main competitor in this category with similar prices were HTC One V and Galaxy Ace 2. I chose Ace 2 because in most of the review articles about HTC One V authors show low battery life as main con of HTC. However battery life of Ace 2 as I expected is about 1-1.5 day, with less usage it can take up to 2 days. Besides Galaxy Ace 2 provides extra batter in its package box. Anyway it is highly recommended for those who are looking for a entry level and low priced smartphone having all basic popular smartphone features.

No puedo evaluar el producto por que nunca fue recibido por problemas de extravio de la compa&ntilde;ia de envio aun sin soluci&oacute;n

I bought this phone 4 months ago and it worked fine, for the first month... It has no water damage or any other type of damage; although, this phone malfunctions and freezes on me daily. This phone has very little memory/storage and does not have a slot for extra storage. It's an extremely inconvient phone and I wish I didn't waste my money on it. I already have had to order a new phone. If you're going to invest your money on a phone, do not invest it in this one, I'm very disappointed with my order.

Had to return this phone immediately because it wouldn't work. Came with a user manual in some Scandinavian language. Tried to charge it but it wouldn't turn on, I had the battery in correctly. Couldn't troubleshoot because, of course, I couldn't read the manual.

excelent phone.  I want to now if you have the GT-I8160L model? because my  operator's 3G data service its movistar and it work 1900 MHz

Me gusto mucho el servicio Que me prestaronLo recomiendo  gratamente.Espero volver a contar  con sus  servicios  en el futuro

I bought this item from MobileCityOnline. Before buying, i contacted them to be sure that the model offered (GT-I8160L) was compatible with my operator's 3G data service and it was!. Please beware that there are two models for the Ace 2 where the only difference is the 3G band compatibility.Model ------- 3G Bands supportGT-I8160 ---- 900/2100 MHz (Digitel in Venezuela for example. Most operators in Europe use these bands).GT-I8160L --- 850/1900 MHz (AT&T; in USA, Movilnet/Movistar in Venezuela for example. Most operators in the american continent use these bands).At first blush the phone seems to perform great. Nice screen and resolution, android gingerbread (ICS comming soon) and vga front camera.  Worth spending US$ 20-30 more in comparison to the ace and ace plus. Despite the price difference, the phone is still at a good price considering the specs provided.You can't go wrong with this phone.
