
Make sure you get the original at and t version. The one i got is unlocked from Roger's and it is not upgradeable to ics. Model number is i927R. The R makes a difference, so you wanz the one without the R.

this is exactly what i was looking for ....:)..I am happy to buy this for my wife...loved it..cheap and nice smartphone

it came with ICS 4.0.4, Its a cool phone and it does everything I Want. The screen Its really amazing. Its a JailBreak Phone, not a problem to me

I'm using this phone during the last two weeks and it works perfectly, nice performace, nice keyboard, actually unlocked and very cost effictive the down side is no arabic support and the ICS is not available recently

this phone its just the best phone, the hardware specs and the price is realy amazing, im actualy love it

This phone exceeded my expectations. I was expecting at least a few scratches but it was in perfect condition and works very well.

This phone is a piece of junk! Do not waste your money! Junk! Junk! Trash! Trash! Junk! Junk! Junk! Junk!

This phone is sold as unlocked but is actually locked.  After few weeks of using with GSM Sim card, it has now reverted to Rogers.  TERRIBLE!!

i was searching for a phone that has a keyboard that won't eat the screen size, nad has all the features in the other phones, i couldn't find one from samsung other than this one which only can be taken from at&t and i do not live in Usa to take it, but this company has it unlocked now after i received it, the usage is so amazing, i can't believe that this phoen is so fast and heavy duty, so many features and additionally it has android, great phone from samsung really, other phones has big screens but when you want to type the keyboard takes half of the screen, but with this sliding keyboard feature that this phone has, i can enjoy always the big screen. thank you.

IT IS FAST, GREAT CONECTIVITY, AWESOME TELEPHONE, IT CONNECTS AT 4G, GREAT APLICATIONS INCLUDED,. A VERY GOOD PRICE, THE QWERTY KEYBOARD MAKES IT VERY CONFORTABLE TO WORK, AND TEXTING

good product. like the qwerty keyboard and the quality of the phone. happy with the performance of each function. pictures come out very good

I like this phone i want to buy this phone..but i need unloked phone becoz i use tmobile sim. Is it unloked? Pls help any user.

This is my first Android phone.  I got it because it had a keyboard and was compatible with AT&T go phone, although you do need to buy data and have AT&T unlock the phone.  It's an great phone.  I use the camera frequently(8MP).  The quality is good.  The only thing is the keyboard is rather flexible and it is quite easy to hit control keys and be sent out of the editing window.  I've downloaded Swype and use that instead.  Never use the keyboard any more.  Still a great phone, although I can't find cases, chargers, etc. locally so I've had to order that off Amazon, but a low prices.

Its actually a good phone, I thought it wouldn't. Meet my expectations. But when I got it changed my mind completely..

I bought the Samsung Captivate Glide as an upgrade from my previous basic messaging phone. I mainly wanted my new phone to be able to use the internet and access my e-mail, so my AT&T; salesman suggested I buy a smartphone.I selected this phone mainly because it was the only smartphone in the store that came with a QWERTY button keyboard. I didn't like the idea of typing on a screen, so I wanted to make sure I would still have some feel of my older phone. However, I NEVER use the slide-out button keyboard. I just find it easier to type on-screen.I also was fearful that it would be difficult for me to understand how to navigate through and use the phone, but within the first 2 days, I had completely gotten used to it.Overall, I think it is a pretty good phone that does the jobs that I want it to. I would recommend it especially for someone who has not had a smartphone before and/or doesn't want an extremely expensive/fancy phone.Pros: The phone is easily navigable, has decent storage, works/loads quickly, and is a good size (fits easily in my hand). The camera quality is also great (you won't need your digital camera anymore because you can just use the phone.) You can easily share pictures you take through messaging, e-mail, social media sites, etc.Cons: The one major con is the battery life. Even if I use the phone moderately, sometimes I still need to use my car charger during the day. Other minor cons are that you can't delete some of the pre-installed apps, and if you don't buy a case for it, it will get scratched up pretty quickly.

Works as expected, no problems 8 weeks in, sleek design, large selection of cases. Overall a good purchase, very happy!

Phone worked great for 6 months then started to fail by for lack of better words, muting me .... Though I am not on mute.  AT&T says its software related and upgrade with KIES.  Does not fix.  Sent replacement....does same thing.....3rd replacement.....same thing.  Gonna throw it in the trash. Essentially have a phone where no one hears me, don't know the cause

This is a great phone that meets all my requirements in a phone. I love the slide out keyboard. It is especially great for someone who texts a lot like me. I highly recommend this phone.

This smartphones is just THE ONE. I don't like those virtual keyboards, so this Qwerty, real, comfy keyboard is just for me. I recommend it for  mature people that need to touch real things.

This device is awesome!!! I truly enjoy the responsiveness the ease of use out of the box. And the clarity of the calls. Not too big to hold in your hand to use and not too small to be highly functional.Where has this device been all my life???I especially enjoy the full keyboard. The device is very light considering that it has a full keyboard. I have had extremely good usage times out of the device.All and All I say this is a very very nice device to have in your tool belt.

I have had it about 3 weeks and I love it. It Shipped quickly and everything was included that was supposed to be.  I like having the touchscreen and the physical keyboard also.  I use the touchscreen more often than the physical keyboard but love knowing that I have the option of one or the other..

I just got this phone and it was unlocked like stated. I am happy with my decision. I will update my review over the course of using the phone.The phone came with a wall charger and a battery of course. No USB data cable or user manual (can be found online)

needed a samsung android with a touch screen and qwerty keypad that is slim and gorgeous and this phone fits the bill.Loved it at first sight and continuous usage, my only problem is that the battery dies easily. :( But I still love it.

Bought the unlocked phone (from Tablet Distributors) and it was a Rogers (Canadian carrier) phone. Other than the minor annoyance of Roger's specific apps (probably less than what AT&T would have loaded) and the little configurations for Canada (default settings to metric, Canadian searches, etc), it seemed to be working fine with my AT&T SIM card and I was fairly happy with it. The keyboard is a far cry from Blackberry's in terms of ease and comfort of use, but was one of the few nice phones I found with a physical keyboard so was willing to live with it. Was planning to try it on an upcoming trip to Europe with a European SIM card, but after 3.5 weeks the phone inexplicably turned off and will not power on past the Rogers start-up screen. Tablet Distributors was very responsive in trying to get a positive review from me, but went radio silent when I emailed them about my problem and asked for a replacement. The phone number listed for them on the Amazon website also does not work.

Great phone. I recommend it. I received it on time and in perfect condition (new in retail box). It's as good as the Galaxy SII (I9100). It's very fast. The keyboard is extremely comfortable. I just had to unlock it, because I'm from Honduras and I'm using it Claro operator.

After searching for months to replace my Samsung Roque, this Captivate Glide is perfect! It works with Consumer Cellular with no contract.

This is the second phone thru this seller. Both phones work great for a month or so and then freeze up making the phone unusable. My phone is part of my job and I use it constantly. It upsets me greatly when this happens. Its a waste of money and time from this seller.

This is only my fifth cell phone going back easily over a dozen years. I changed phones infrequently to avoid being locked into the big cell company's contracts. I was very happy with my flip phones but finally needed internet access on the go while traveling and also at a second home where I did not want to subscribe to local carrier services. So my 4th phone was what's known as a full feature phone, it was inadequate for my purposes but helped me learn what I wanted...and actually needed.The Samsung Captivate Glide is almost exactly what I wanted...it does fit my needs. It has a very fast processor with no lag. It's Android so I don't have to pay for the big markup of an iPhone. It can be unlocked so I'm not chained to any carrier. I use Straight Talk and pay upfront for unlimited no long term contract service each month, cheap compared to the big guys. It has a nice physical qwerty keyboard, although the keys are flat and it would be nicer if they were slightly raised like on the feature phone I had. The screen is reasonably sized but I would like this phone even more if it was a bit larger, say 4.5 to 5.0 inches in size. Battery life is average for a smartphone. Most of the time I can go a full day without running outta juice. I do carry a spare charged battery just in case, cuz they're cheap and small and not too hard to change out. I do miss my flip phone days when I could sometimes go a week without recharging...plus those flip phones were inexpensive and bullet proof compared to today's smartphones, but whaddya gonna do.Hopefully Samsung keeps improving the glide keyboard line but the trend seems to be away from this format. If a physical keyboard smartphone is what you're looking for you'll be hard pressed to find one better than this Captivate Glide. I give it five stars despite some small shortcomings (un-raised keyboard, wished it had bigger screen, average battery life) because it's the best in it's unique class (tactile keyboard) smartphone. BTW, Android 4.0 is now available for this phone.

hi, the phones is GREAT, y have 2 weeks with it and i have no words to describe it, is fast, have a big screen, excellent for web browsing, the keyboard its simply amazing, my last phone was a nokia e7-00, symbian its good, but not the best, i used an iphone 4, blackberry, symbian belle and android, in my opinion android rules, and this is the BEST smart phone that i have, simply THE BEST!!!!Samsung Captivate Glide i927 Brand New

I have had this phone for close to a month now and love it. The big screen, easy to use, and the easy to use keyboard.  I don't have to put my glasses on to read whos calling. I use my fingernails to type with and the soft keys make it easy. My husband liked mine so much he got himself one too. I would have given it 5 stars, but after a few days of use I realized I did not have data which is included in my plan (I don't use it much) After a little research I found that AT&T had a easy fix [...]

I figured I'd wait to write a review because I'm sure the product works wonderfully when you've had it for a week, which I believe is where I went wrong with this phone.  I read the reviews from people that had it for a week or less and went on that.I purchased this Samsung because my last phone was a Samsung, which I really liked, and I wanted an Android phone that still had a slide-out keyboard.  This is my first touch-screen phone, and I was very hesitant to make the switch, but if I was going to be locked into a two-year contract I wanted to have something current.  (I don't trade phones in - I buy them and use them until my contract expires.)I'm impressed with the features on the phone - being able to download a huge variety of apps (for free!) is awesome.  I have several that I use daily, and the phone loads pages and content quickly.  With that being said, because this is my first "fancy phone", I find a lot of the minor details irritating.  For example, if I use the camera to take a self-portrait and don't use the lesser-quality front-facing camera, it's very easy to bump the "home" button when trying to simply take a picture.  The phone will also randomly shut off.  I've had several instances where I have absolutely no connection at all for no reason, so I have to power down the phone, remove the battery and SIM cards, restart the phone, and sometimes have to repeat the process to finally be able to text.While the texting function is fairly easy to use, the phone will randomly perform functions (such as going into a calendar I've never seen before) during texting when you make certain keystrokes.  This is, by far, the most annoying thing the phone does.  I have to power it down and restart it or else it will continue do the same thing, although I've found if I use the touch-screen keypad it will stop.  (I bought the phone for the slide-out keyboard.  I hate using the touch-screen keypad.)I suppose I'm happy with it, but I do miss my old Samsung.  Although the technology is wonderful, it's a pain sometimes when I want to do something quickly.  I'm also discovering new functions all the time, which is cool.  Would I recommend it?  If you're like me and still want a normal keyboard, yes, as long as you can be patient.

I needed a replacement phone and got no help from my carrier (it was out of warantee).  Good to be able to get this one easily. It works well.

Best phone I ever had and I've been through a lot of cell phone, this one I love works great best brand ever, I would give it 10 stars not 5.

Okay boys and girls, i had the original samsung galaxy s captivate for at&t; and unlocked it, did a lot of stuff to it and it was awesome. It sadly stopped working due to one of my own personal errors.So i looked and looked, and i found this as its replacement! I ABSOLUTELY have no complaints about the phone in general.. here are some of the problems I faced when getting this phone.I ordered it on july 3rd, 2012, paid for express delivery shipping, the seller shipped it after three days and an e-mail explaining i was buying it as a birthday present, she shipped it that very night at 6pm. The phone is exactly the shape she said it would be and i am pleased with the screen, normally used phones have scratches if even minor, and it does not have a scratch in the screen at all. Overall, i would buy from the seller again, only thing is she listed it in an unlocked phone placement, not a big deal considering I can do that myself anyway...HOWEVER...It took The USPS 14 days to get it right, i filed a claim against them because i was tired of waiting for the phone!  I paid a lot of money for it. I Would rather have my packages shipped to me via another means like fedex or UPS. This was a joke and currently i feel the postal service should repay me the $33.67 it cost to get the express 2nd business day shipping, back to my account as I feel lied to and believe that they should have to pay for their own mistake..Other than that, i can't say much yet about the phone in general, i just got it today and will come update my review for it as soon as i get to test it out a while.Thanks for reading, stay tuned for updates!

1) Ugly Touchwiz everywhere and everything is slow because of it. Android is nice w/o Touchwiz! Dear Samsung, please get rid of this abomination and fire all those guys who created it...2) The flat keyboard is too hard to use.3) The phone looks ugly because of cheap plastic and there is a big gap between keyboard and the rest of body. I had a feeling that the keyboard would fall apart very soon...4) No dedicated camera button (perhaps minor but very inconvenient).5) A very slow camera, you have to wait more than one second till it takes a picture.As a result, the phone was sent back to Amazon.

This is a great phone. The keyboard makes all the difference. It is light and fast. The only thing is that at some point you won't be able to update it to android 4 and up, but if you simple want a functional smartphone it would work perfectly. It has good touchscreen response and good chasis (could crash a little bit on the corners if it falls down, but will continue working; mine fell down like 5 times). I used it in a country different from Panama and it worked just fine. I'm so sad I don't have it anymore :(

If you are a techie and phone freak - Highly recommend getting this phone. It has almost all the features you can possibly want. Trust me it would leave you wanting no other phone once you have it. Special features it have that makes it attractive is its slide out keypad, Quality Color Screen, Access to Google Play Store to download apps, Quality Camera - too may features that you could possibly use consistently. It is also great for the socialite wanting to keep track of their facebook, whatsapp, twitter, emailing, google +, kik messenger and lots more!

Got my phone today.It took 2 days extra but i find it was worth the wait THIS PHONE IS AWESOME

I bought this phone searching for an upgrade for my old galaxy 3. I wanted something current, with good specs and if possible with a keyboard. I have to say that this cell is just what I wanted. I haven't seen it lag in any way, the screen is gorgeous (even if it's only a super amoled, not an amoled plus like some sources say) and it runs many games and emulators without a hitch. The keyboard is nice to have although It takes some time to get used to it. The camera is great, to the point that I don't take my standalone digital camera anywhere anymore. The battery is just good, It lasts a day with normal to heavy usage, but just that, you may want to invest in a car or portable charger if you use it heavily all time. I highly recommend this cell for anyone that wants a QWERTY smartphone, I couldn't be more happy with it.

I received my phone in December and two months to the date the phone went blank screen?? Make sure you have a warranty. There is a reason they only give 1 month, which I did not know until I tried to get it replaced.

We have had this phone since Dec 2012.  Recently it came up asking for a network unlock code.  I call them and they would look for the unlock code.  Since it was not a recent purchase they had to do some looking.  It took 3 days plus a weekend, but they did come up with the correct code the first time.  They did not try to blow me off or anything.  I give them 4 stars for service because I had to call them back and they did not call me back with the code, which they said they would.  If you purchase a unlocked branded phone from anyone, I would suggest that you get the unlock code when you buy the phone and store it somewhere should you need it.

The item came on time and works as expected. I don't have any problems with the phone. I have used this phone before and I am satisfied with this purchase.

I bought this as a gift for my sister, who is EXTREMELY picky about her phone.  She LOVES it and doesn't want any other kind of phone.  She won't even part with this thing.  I guess that's a win all-around!

My wife is really happy with this phone, the only one that looks a normal touch smartphone and has the physical keyboard.Really nice.

It was great for 8 months of having it, but after awhile it began turning itself off due to low battery when it was fully or close to fully charged. I LOVE the phone other than this problem, and I have yet to find a solution.it happens frequently and I'm unable to use it until I find a charger, so I purchased an external battery and waiting for its arrival.Also over heats quickly. Other than that, good phone. I got mine for cheaper

I am not able to update this device to jelly beans because still its searching for update in att i hate because it's jail broken not factory unlocked

No problems whatsoever , their friendly , great service , informative and does everything in their path to satisfy customers. Nothing else to say everything is a 100% great.

Superior mobile phone, been using it for a few months now and all functions are working well.  Great phone for the money.

The phone is excellent and easy to use.  I do love it.However, this "unlocked AT&T;" phone came loaded with Rogers (Canada) applications.But we used it from Nov 2012 to last week (March of 2014), about 14 months, when it locked itself back to Rogers.  No updates, no battery low, no resets, it simply started demanding an unlock code.Which Wireless Circle won't give us without our paying for it.So the phone is getting junked.  AT&T; is getting me a Rugby Pro for $19.95 and a 2 year commitment, and says it doesn't lock its phones anymore anyway.  I'll be able to travel and use local SIMs - the reason I paid big bucks for an unlocked phone in the first place.So warning - buying an unlocked phone through Amazon dealers doesn't mean it will stay unlocked.  And if it doesn't - you may have to pay to get it unlocked again.

If it continues to perform as it has for the past 24 hours I will change the rating to 5 stars. It not... well you know what I'll do. Seriously this seems to be at least equal in quality to Samsung's other cell phones, and better than most others. Samsung is, in my opinion, is among the best in the world. Yes, there are others but for an unlocked fully featured phone this is truly excellent. I would definitely recommend it to a friend, especially at this price. It is a very good buy. One minor disappointment I discovered is that voice calls and text messages can only be accomplished thru your carrier at a charge if you don't have an unlimited plan. However, internet browsing/surfing on YOUR OWN wifi or someone else's wifi Such as Starbuck's or McD's at no charge to your heart's content. Which brings up the opportunity of using Google Voice to do all of the above at no charge although Google voice leaves something to be desired in terms of voice quality but text (SMS) and email are excellent.

This phone runs fast and has a wonderful keyboard. This one on Amazon is in fact the AT&T version. However, DON'T BUY FROM NEWEGG THEY SELL ROGERS VERSION which is impossible and relocks itself constantly. This phone is fast and handles multitasking well. The touch screen is a little sensitive which makes it really easy to hang up on people when you are talking on the phone and its speakerphone is quite poor. This phone has the tendency to freeze up on occasion which is slightly annoying. The glass broke after dropping it within 4 months which was disappointing. However, all things considered, if it is a hardware keyboard you desire on an up to date, fast android phone, this is your best bet. It is quite challenging to root if you are looking into doing that so you might want to consider this before purchase. Some positives of this phone are its wonderful multitasking capabilities, its quite remarkable camera, its hardware keyboard, its really good size, and its user friendliness (after being rooted of course ;)).

Got this phone a month ago and was using it with an AT&T; plan.  I switched to another carrier 31 days after buying the phone and tethering does not work.  It does not matter that the phone is unlocked - tethering is disabled by an AT&T; modification to Android ICS.  Google "Mobile data is not available or invalid SIM" for details.Pros - [1]nice keyboard.Cons -[1]no tethering unless AT&T; is your carrier.[2]samsung no longer supports the phone so there will never be an update to Android JB.[3]burns through battery in 4-6 hours.[4]permanently-installed AT&T; bloatware

This is an excellent phone. It's cheap, yet fast, and I haven't had any problems with it other than it having AT&T bloatware, but all phones have that. worked with my T-mobile SIM just fine

Very good Cell Phone, the only thing that I think are in lack, is an Fm RadioBesides that, I do recommend it!

Sleek, fast performance, beautiful screen, the phone is worth the buy. My last touchscreen failed so I decided to get one with a back-up keyboard and though I rarely use it, I'm happier knowing its there, just in case.I have few complaints so far - some of the AT&T; branded apps preloaded with the phone, I don't use and would rather uninstall, but so far, I can't, and I don't update them, so. The camera is fantastic, tho the front cam only performs better in good light, video-recording, video playback, youtube, web browsing, flawless so far.It's good for a techie, professional, texter and for someone who wants to take amazing pictures who doesn't want to be lagging around a digital camera, and I happen to be both. I can be talking to my mother on the phone, take a pic, send it to her and resume my conversation, I can be checking work emails while I talk to my boss and I can Skype my mother from the airport - I'm good with this one for now. Birthday present well loved.

This phone has nothing to envy to an iphone. plus it's android for a developer like me the keyboard is a must.

Very sturdy and fast. Love the keyboard, though it seemed to have a few unnecessary keys, but it worked for the year and a half that I had it and is still working for my little brother.

Here's the deal. I got this phone from the seller CellPhonesCheap.  This phone is exactly what I was looking for in a phone and I mean EXACTLY. I love the phone and all its features. It takes awesome pictures! Love the slide keyboard! Tons of storage space. I was able to download educational apps for my child and I to play together. I could rave on and on! Unfortunately, the seller sold me a phone that I honestly feel was a lemon and/or a poorly refurbished device. The screen constantly had glitches running through it. It would lock up several times per day to the point where I would have to take the protective casing off, then the back, then take battery out! It also had other strange little glitches.I tried to give the phone a chance and hoped that I could learn to live with the kinks, but why should I do that when I paid good hard earned money? I should get what I was told I would be getting!  I properly went through amazon to contact the seller. I gave extreme details as to what the problem was. Every answer I received took 24-48 hours. The responses were maximum 2 sentences and very vague! I explained that I liked the phone and asked if I got them to send me another one would I get the thirty day return period again. I got a yes. Now, I was told that I had TWO days to send that phone back in order to stay within my 30 day return period. It cost me almost 10 bucks at the post office to ensure it got there on time. Do you think they showed me the same respect in returning my money or sending me a new phone or even an email saying they got the phone? NOPE. I waited two weeks to get my refund or a box at my door with a new product. I corresponded again asking if I was going to get a refund or a new phone. A day later I was asked, "Well which do you prefer?"  Hello, I already answered that!  I politely sent a response giving them positive criticism on proper customer service and how I feel that they have not been respectful to me as a customer even though I had been so easy going to them. I told them that I had paid extra to make sure the product was there at their demanded date and asked if they could show the same respect in returning my money so I could get a reliable phone! I get a response with a half-baked apology then asking me if I returned the phone! Also asked for tracking number.REALLY? Can they be anymore obvious that they are stalling returning my money!?!  I had already complained about the defective product to Amazon since they did not respond to any of my initial contacts. I called amazon again to complain about this run around nonsense. The rep could see all the correspondence between CellPhonesCheap and me. He said that I definitely did everything correctly and that all criteria was met to file a claim against the seller!My recommendation before buying this product or any other product on amazon is to pay attention to seller reviews. Take notice of how many customers actually rated them. Read seller reviews!  Sometimes you may have to pay a few extra bucks for a seller with tons of great reviews!  If you don't want a defective product and the completely frustrating and obvious run around from a seller, put CellPhonesCheap on your DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER list!

I was somewhat pleased with the Captivated Glide with the exception the keyboard was much smaller than desired. For the most part it serving my phone needs for now.

This phone was a great price and was in perfect condition. I am very pleased with it. Not a scratch on it. Service was prompt and delivery quick.

Bought to use stop gap until my contract is eligible for an upgrade. This phone is already freezing up just like the old one. Glad it was not bought at retail price!

I wanted a new Android photo with a larger screen AND a keyboard, to replace the smaller Sony Xperia MiniPro that I had been using. Needless to say, there aren't many newer version Android GSM smartphone models that also come with a full hardware QWERTY keyboard. But after doing a lot of research and specs and review reading, I settled on this AT&T; version of the Samsung Captivate Glide from Wireless Experts, sold as &#34;like new&#34; for about $140.I've now been using the phone for a couple months, and I really like the phone both in its operation and hardware. One of the first things I did, and an important reason for choosing it, was that an OS upgrade from Samsung to Ice Cream Sandwich was already available at the time of my purchase, so I knew I wasn't going to be left behind with a decent, but increasingly out of date Gingerbread phone or left wondering when/if the manufacturer would release an update.Overall, what's not to like about this phone: dual core processor, great and responsive and good sized screen (4 in Super AMOLED 16M colors), good 8 MP camera with flash and autofocus, microUSB charging, microSD slot for additional storage beyond the phone's built in 8 GB, sufficient RAM at 1 GB, N wifi, HSDPA+ 3G data speeds up to 21 Mbps, stereo Bluetooth, dual front and rear cameras for video calls/conferencing, full support for Flash video, and a removable battery.In reading some review comments, some people had problems with a) getting a Rogers phone from Canada that had locking problems and b) short battery life times. The phone I purchased was/is clearly an AT&T; phone with the AT&T; logo on the front, so no problem there. As for battery times, mine lasts a full day with my regular light use, a few phone calls, a little checking email, some web browsing, and wifi on all day at home or work. But I also carry an add-on microUSB plug-in battery pack just in case I ever need some extra juice.The only negative thing I have to say about this phone is the keyboard... Yikes!!! What was Samsung thinking? They create one of their few modern smartphone models with a hardware slid-out keyboard (which clearly would be aimed at users such as myself who REALLY want a smartphone with a keyboard) and then they create a pretty crappy one. Don't get me wrong -- the keyboard is functional and does work. But as others have noted, the flat keypad surfaces aren't particularly tactile and the key-press on the keys is BAD... When typing but not looking, sometimes you press a key and it doesn't register at all. Then you go back and press again, and sometimes it registers multiple presses. It really slows down your ability to type as quickly as a hardware keypad ought to allow.So what I've found is...for a lot of the instant/chat messaging I do, I end up using the on-screen keyboard, which is very responsive and the keys are large enough on-screen to fit with my fingers thanks to the Glide's 4 inch screen. But for emails and longer things, I still end up using the hardware keyboard. The more you use it, the more accustomed you'll get to its limitations and key press style. But Samsung REALLY could and should have done better.

I had to pay over $50.00 to get it unlocked and that is just not right specially how it read unlocked for any GSM carrier  well it was a lie and I bought it from PORTABLE GUY and paying that much money for it yep I was mad. I wont buy from them again. The phone it self is ok.

This phone is amazing, good looking, nice material, very fast processor, not that big like S3.  The only thing is you have to upgrade manually to ICS. I root and install the new OS 4.0.4 and block the phone. I recommend ask for the unblock code to he seller before doing some upgrade. Forgeting this detail is all what i was looking foward. The keyboard is a Plus+++  , and the price is great deal!

a little buggy, faster then my iphone 3gs but some programs that do run fine on iphone 3gs bomb for some reason on this, also sound sometimes for no apparent reason quits working due to more then one program being loaded
