
Only issue we have found is when we lose signal it shuts down. Other than that it has been a life saver.

IT WAS REPLACEMENT FOR THE EXACT SAME PHONE. VERIZON INSURANCE ASURION WOULDN'T REPLACE MY HUSBAND PHONE SO WE PURCHASED THIS ONE. IT ARRIVED IN A COUPLE OF DAYS AND WAS IN GREAT CONDITION ONLY VERY MINOR DINGS AROUND THE THE SIDES BUT YOU CAN BARELY TELL. HIS OLD ONE HAD WORSE.

I have contacted Chubbiestech two times and they keep asking me for information to replace the phone I purchased from them thru Amazon. I have told them that it is overheating and they don't seem to want to replace it for me. I love the phone but it will only allow me to use it for a little while before it shuts itself off due to overheating.

It is a refurbished phone so it is slower than my original and the light will not stay lit long no matter how I adjust it. It will do until May when I qualify for a upgrade with my carrier.

I was very happy to receive my replacement phone. It was in very good condition, just like the pictures showed in the listing. I liked the idea that there were pictures of the product and I didn't have to just rely on the description. Shipping was quick and I received my product just in time for my vacation. Couldn't ask for more. Good product and a good price and fast delivery. Thank you.

This is my second (in two years) Stratosphere.  I love the features and functionality of this phone. The keyboard is awesome for those of us who don't love virtual qwerty.  However, I will admit that it always goes on the fritz, seeming to have some sort of glitch.  Expanding...the phone locks up often, overheats, has killed 2 batteries (running hot), battery life is short even though I have app killer, and it randomly shows other signs of mischief.  I run antivirus and have tried removing some stuff and cleaning it up, no change.  I am about at the end of putting up with the hassles of it...will move on to a new phone in Oct with new contract.  Alas, if Samsung could fix the weird glitches and extend phone functionality lifetime, they would have had a real winner here.

I love the phone, but the seller failed to mention that it doesn't charge with the adapter.  (And the wrong one was included in the package).  Fortunately, my old Stratosphere still charges so I use that to charge my new one.  Kind of a hassle but it works.

Item was sold as new, but is a refurb...No issues, but the product was sold as new. I love the phone, as it was a replacement for one I broke. These phones are very fragile ( this is my fourth of this model) but the keyboard just cant be passed up.

The battery life is very poor, only going 4 hours, if I have the data on. The lengths I have been going to in order to charge my phone border ghetto hideous! While I like the QWERTY, the touchscreen works fairly well. It often locks up in the middle of games, or Facebook and I have to remove the battery frequently to get it UNfroze. It is heavy in the hand, and overheats quickly. I find it does not hang out in 4g land very long, automatically switching to 3g. Somehow I am supposed to make this POS gimp phone work until April, when my Verizon contract ends. Back to T-mobile for me, especially since they will allow you to upgrade your phone mid-contract, unlike Verizon.

This Samsung device is truly the slowest and most delayed electrical appliance (Phone) I've ever owned. Whenever I try to do ANYTHING on it, it usually has a very annoying delay in which I find myself trying to make it work rather than anything else. Also, I've had the phone for a little more than a year and my brother's one has already broke; first off from the very "crappy" charger they provide which my them, and then any battery charger wouldn't work for his (So that was a BIG ordeal). Overall, I would rather have a simple flip-phone rather than this "phone", since the flip-phone could most likely be faster than it.

This phone couldn't be issued to prisoners because it would be considered cruel and unusual punishment.  The. Worst. Phone&#62; I. Have. Ever. Owned.  It should not be legal to sell.  Slow, buggy, battery gets burning hot, did I mention it's slow?  I finally threw in the towel and ended up buying a Razr on eBay and I'm astonished that phones can be fast...basic functions like making a phone call happen instantly (the Stratosphere can take up to 5 minutes to execute a call), the battery lasts for hours (Stratosphere battery has a ridiculously short life), etc. etc.  Move on.  Do not buy this phone.

Purchased this unit at a great discount.  The seller notified me when she received the order as well as when the unit was shipped.  So I give her high marks there.  The unit was &#34;new&#34; in the box, but was also from a refurb company.  If it was used, I cannot tell by looking at the unit.  I took it directly to Verizon who assembled and activated the system.  The manual was available from Verizon online.  I particularly like the HD 720 screen, was surprised the camera was only 5 megapix, and love the keyboard.  I'd definitely get it again without hesitation.

Very disappointed in this phone and Samsung for their support.  Doesn't matter what charger I use the battery won't charge.

I ordered this phone because I had the same exact one but the screen broke. I just activated my phone, it is very slow loading, charger plug doesn't work you have to pull it down for it to say it's charging but it doesn't charge. I began charging the battery when it was at 70% half an hour later I checked up on it and the battery was down to 67% At this point I picked it up and decided to hold the charger in place myself, 10 minutes later and the battery is down to 58% though I have not been using it as it charges. I doubt they tested this phone's charger before sending it to me. If you buy a used phone, take into consideration that you may need to buy a new charger. After discovering the problem I quickly emailed the seller and they replied immediately, I told them the situation and they are sending me a replacement charger free of charge.

I loved this phone for the first couple of months, but now it has many issues.  Problems with connecting to the charger, it turns off randomly and back on, then back off again.  I have not dropped this phone, hasn't been in water.  Maybe i just got a defective one, but I sent the first one I had back and got the same one to replace it and it is doing the exact same thing.  I would not recommend buying this phone.  Go ahead and go for the more expensive phones.  You get what yo pay for.

I liked this phone when I first got it. The battery life far outpaced other smartphones at the time and I liked the slide out keyboard. Over time, I relied on the keyboard less and less, so it became less important. The battery continued to be its best feature until Verizon pushed an upgrade. The battery went from 18-24 hours of moderate use down to about 5-7 hours. It pretty much held steady there for the rest of its life. Unless I was traveling. Even in a &#34;home&#34; area, simply being away from home sucked out all the battery life. The phone would be drained in about 3 hours. And that was after I went through and turned off everything I could. Late in the game, the phone got so bogged down that using data became nearly impossible. I learned to stay logged out of Facebook entirely, which meant no more picture sharing. I couldn't stand making phone calls on it because I could never hear the person I called. I assumed that was all cell phones. The last straw happened last weekend when I tried to use the navigation app to go one mile - restaurant to hotel in an unfamiliar city. It plotted the course and I started driving. When we arrived at the hotel, I realized the navigation had not followed - in fact, had not moved - and the phone froze. When I rebooted, the battery, which had been at 80% just 10 minutes before, was now at the critically low stage. Two days later I bought a new phone. It was then that I discovered the sound on my Stratosphere had been truly crappy from day one, because on the new phone, it's crystal clear.Someone else pointed out this is a solid phone if you need the slide out keyboard. I agree with that assessment. But there are far better phones out there.

The phone came in a timely manner and is working well. There is a minor issue with the dial pad when calling out but that is to be expected with a used phone. Other than that, phone came as described and I would buy from this seller again.

Just happy my Son got the ph he wanted. His phone broke and I want to get the same one that he liked.

I love the big screen and the slide out keyboard, the only draw back is the battery goes dead in less than 12 hours even if I am not using it and kill the apps running.

Bouth the phone 4 months ago primarily needed for the hotspot feature by Verizon.  The screen is extremely fragile, having already cracked it twice. Hard to keep armor on because of sliding keyboard.  When hotspot is activated, needs to be plugged in because of the battery drain.  After just 4 months, the phone is fried, wont charge and Verizon tells me that even though the phone is under warranty, I would need to get the hairline crack fixed on the phone first (nothing to do with the charging issue, costs $128 and 3 week turnaround time) before they would consider replacing the phone under the warranty.

Poor replacement for original phone that was a upgraded model,  disappointed in functions.  But cheap enough to keep as a standby.

I had dropped and broke my original stratosphere. My insurance was out so I had to find the cheapest replacement I could. The used phone I got is great. I've had no problems and the guy I bought it from was so nice and helpful. He reassured me before I bought it that if I didn't like it I could return it within 30 days and when I bought it and got it in the mail he sent me a personal not hoping I liked it and to let him know if I needed anything else

I bought this phone because I dropped and broke my screen on my strat.  I was still under contract and couldn't afford a new one.  I really liked my strat so I thought I would give a used one a t ry.  It was in better condition than I was expecting and works great!

I got this phone to replace my other samsung stratosphere that wasn't working.  The delivery was super quick and the product is working well.  no damages and works brand new.

I am currently on the THIRD Stratosphere phone in under a year-all supposedly under warranty.  The first phone was "new" and the 3 replacement phones are all "refurbished", I mean to say, GARBAGE.  They all freeze up, two of them would shut off completely at times when I opened or closed them, they take forever to dial numbers much of the time.  I always have the slowest phone in accessing Facebook around my friends.  Verizon has you hostage.  Either I keep getting re-garbaged phones, buy one at full price, or continue to pull my hair out getting the replacements until I am eligible for an upgrade.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!12/1/13  Update:  Verizon customer service allowed me to buy a Note from them at the upgrade price---something I did not expect them to do.  This phone is light years better than the Stratosphere.  It is lightning speed fast and it has the most useful option ever-talk to text/email/Facebook.  I hardly ever type anymore.  I bought this extra large phone (Note) and liked the keyboard of the Stratosphere because I have large fingers.  This phone has been a God-send and I love the NOTE!!!

The phone rarely is on 4g Lte network. Internet runs slower than my 3g. I had to remove it from the case as it over heats often. Worst phone ever.

I really like the phone. The slide out key board allows me to type quickly without running into typos from hitting the wrong button. The only sad parts are it takes a long time to load things from online, and the battery life. But I bought an extended life battery and that issue was fixed. I would recommend this phone to my family or friends, as long as they get a better battery for it.

My husband and I each have this phone and we experience the same issues:-Very slow internet anywhere we go-Texts do not get sent/received-Turns off randomly-Freezes-Incredibly short battery life-Poor quality camera

My daughter dropped her phone ( only had it a few months ) and was looking for the same phone that would not cost me an arm and a leg.  Much to my surprise, i was able to find the same exact phone at a fraction of the price !!

I love this phone.  I love the keyboard.  After two years the battery just started acting wonky and it's having some other issues, but it's been a great first smart phone.  I am holding on to it primarily because Verizon is no longer offering it at the store.  I'd love to simply buy a new one and I just might!  Camera is great.

because I have not had any problems with the phone and it has great applications it is very easy to use

When I recieved the phone, it looked great and worked perfectly fine. I've had it for several weeks now, and it's literally a piece of crap. I want to throw it away. The screen is glitchy and it clicks on things I don't want it to. I plug it in to charge and if it charges at all, it takes up to 6 hours to charge completely. It gets hot and turns off, it freezes easily. I want a refund.

The phone came in great condition and was exactly what I ordered.  The Samsung Stratosphere is a great phone that is very similar to the IPhone in that it is very quick and has all the apps.  The main difference is that the Samsung also has a keypad which I feel makes texting so much easier.  This is an honest seller and I would not hesitate to buy something from this seller again.  Very happy with the purchase.

Good phone. Love the querty keyboard and the super amoled screen. Displays great color and its worth the price for an Android device!

Has a hard time charging

Good phone for the price. Came with a general travel phone adaptor that does not charge the phone. Nor did it come with a sim card as stated.

I bought this phone to replace one I had dropped and broken. After buying it, I found it was also available elsewhere on the internet for half what I paid.So, I am pleased with the phone but unhappy about the price.

The Samsung Stratosphere is a great value phone.  I had contract and phone broke so getting a value is what it is all about.Love it!

The product is what i expected.  The vendor gave me all kinds of extras.The post office messed up, so it took a while to get to me.

The phone was used when I got it...tho it said it was new...and the charger was an LG charger and the phone had nicks on it and the slide out keypad was loose as tho it was dropped...needless to say I was disappointed and obviously ripped off cos I paid full price!

This is my second Stratosphere I so I know its limitations.  I bought this about five months ago and a little bit less for it than it is currently priced (re-furbished).  If you compare it with today's phones, you will hate it.  However, if you are looking for a cheap 4G phone with a keyboard and don't need to install alot of apps and games, this is an affordable option. This runs on the Verizon network so if you have unlimited data on Verizon still and are looking for a replacement 4G phone to swap a broken phone, this is one of the few options available. However, do note that Stratosphere have several known problems:  the charging ports frequently malfunction so buying a second battery and external charger is essential and since accessories for this phone may not be around for much longer, I would recommend you do so at the beginning.  I recommend getting a case for it as well as this phone has a slippery back on it.As other reviewers have noted, this does not have the best battery life, depending on your settings. However, I can get a full day and sometimes a day and half with the right settings.  Disabling Wi-fi when not using it and disabling  the &#34;Notify me when networks are available&#34; and disabling &#34;auto connect&#34; under wifi settings are some of the best ways to save battery life.  Like wise, disabling bluetooth settings, disabling animation, and dimming the display and enabling power saving mode help also.The keyboard is great. One of the best on any phone I have a had on any phone.  The phone itself is very sturdy but a case is recommended.It has a slot for an extermal card. You will need one = there is not enough storage space.  The camera is not the best and it does not compare well with newer phones. (I had several LG feature phones before I had a blackberry and the stratosphere and both the older LG phones took far better pictures.Note that it is a verizon phone so it comes with bloatware (including an NFL app)  and it is impossible to remove.It does have an task manager built in that lets you close apps and clear memory. I do so about every other day to ensure I have the most memory available.  Like most smart phones, it is important that you clear out your internet data using the settings menu in the browser daily as this helps the browser run faster.It appears that cases, chargers, screen protectors and batteries are still available for this phone.  I really like that it has removable batteries and an external card slot.  The keyboard is simply the best - easy to use and good layout.

I've had this phone now for almost a year and a half (between mine & my sisters family we have 4 of them) and we all hate them and can't wait for our contract to be up so we can upgrade.  At first we all really liked them but as time went by we all started having issues with them.  They come in a choice of black or white (we got ours through Verizon itself, not here on amazon) and we got 2 of each color.  The white ones seemed to have more issues after about 9 months or so.  It will just freeze up, you go to make a call, dial the #, hit send and wait, and wait and wait and then discover it has decided to just kick you back out and goto the home screen.  My hubby's (a black one) will start to ding/chime like it's being plugged in ALL the time, when it's not.  It will just be sitting there not plugged in and will make noises like crazy.  This morning it about got thrown away.  The only way to make it stop is to take the battery out (then what good is having a phone if you can't have it on), he turned it off 3 times and it would just turn itself back on, but at 4am you don't want to constantly hear the dinging noises it makes.My battery will only last 9 hours on a good day, his can go pretty much 20 hrs sometimes, even though mine has MUCH less apps on it than his and is pretty much only used for texting and occasional cking of emails.I would NOT recommend this phone to anyone that plans on having it for more than a year.  I loved it to begin with since I wanted an actual keyboard, but now they are more of a pain than what it is worth

I chose to rate this purchase high because my friend has the same phone and I so looked forward to having both the touch screetand the slider keyboard for texting.  Unfortunately  Verizon does not have &#34;Straighttalk Plans&#34; for 4G phones at this current time.

Replacement phone for mom, she had this exact phone model until it fell into the running lawn mower. The phone works fine, just as her original one did, I think it has something to do with this actual model instead of this particular phone, but every so often when we're having a conversation her voice will go in and out and become pixely. Again, I think it's just how all these phones are and nothing wrong with the one we bought from here.

Love it, this is the phone I had been looking into for a while and decided to just buy it and am so glad I did.

The phone works great! Mom likes the actual keyboard for texting, combined with the smart phone features. The price was very good, too.

I bought this phone because my previous phone was run over and I loved it, which was this same phone.  I am hoping my contract will be up soon so I can get rid of this ASAP.  The battery will not hold a charge on this at all.  I have to charge it 2x a day in order to use it.

When my wife and I were ready to make the jump to a smartphone, we wanted something in between what we had (a slide out physical keyboard) and the touch screen only phones (iphone, galaxy etc.). What we got was a phone that is a buggy mess on a good day, and unusable on a bad one. If you must have the physical keyboard, this phone has a great one. It feels good, the buttons are a perfect size, and require just enough force to press that you wont accidentally be punching in letters, but you wont be straining your fingers with them either. That is where the good news ends. I will start with minor bugs and problems and escalate to larger ones:1. The touch screen is so sensitive you will frequently launch apps or cause some sort of input by simply brushing the face of your phone against your sleeve, pocket, etc.2. You CAN NOT multitask. Having more than one or two apps open causes serious slowdown.3. During normal use, you will get about 6 hours of battery life out of a full charge while on a 4g network.3. Common and non system-intensive apps frequently crash, freeze, lock up the entire phone or just don't work properly.4. Sometimes, and I mean at least once a day on a good day, the phone will just up and turn off.5. This has become more common lately but started off somewhat rare, but it will occasionally suddenly lose all signal and will not ever find it again until you reset it at least once. And by reset, I mean take out the battery, because 9 times out of 10, using the power off feature will just cause the phone to hang at a blank screen with the soft keys still lit up. Today I have removed the battery to reset the phone because of this problem 12 times.If you have an ounce of tech savvy, stay far far away from this one. If you like having apps that function properly, stay far far away from this one. If you like having a phone that works as a phone and can keep a cell signal reliably, stay far far away from this one. If you want a phone that isn't loaded with shovelware garbage apps, well, I guess stay far far away from verizon...If you want a $200 post-it note you can carry in your pocket with a nice built in keyboard, this is the phone for you. Oh, but don't have any other apps running while you are trying to type your notes out. It will probably freeze and you will lose your notes.

Battery life could be better and it struggles with high quality gaming apps, but I knew what this phone would be like from the start. I just needed a replacement until I renew my contract in six months.

My new phone works awesome! Completely satisfied. I actually ordered it for replacement glass, but it looked so nice and worked so well, hey why not just use the whole thing!

Works fine for the most part.  Several issues with the software have me missing certain features such as spell check with text and email messages.

loved it but changed to sprint which it was not compatible with. wish it had been i really enjoyed it.

I like the phone very much, but Verizon's instruction manual is very sparse on details, and not helpful to someone not that fluent with computers (I'm an old f___).  I just realized there is an app with a video tutorial; I will try that next.  Verizon does have seminars, but I'm having trouble finding a beginner's seminar at a time and place that is convenient.

Great phone.  Its re manufactured but looks and works as if it were new.  I was able to buy for an incredible price compared to new with all of the benefit, function and warranty of a new phone!

no complications, long battery life- hands down one of the best phones ive ever had. I'm so happy with my decision

the phone is better than my old one but I still have problems.  And also the charger do not work.

there are many reviews of this phone above mine, but here is what you need to know:DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! YOU WILL REGRET IT.

This is the worst mistake for buying.this phone. So many things have went wrong and found water damage. I will never buy here again

I bought this phone in July of 2012 when I was eligible for upgrade. The phone was great at first. About six months later,I started having problems with it shutting off periodically for no reason or losing internet connectivity. The only fix was to pull the battery and put it back in. Then, starting a couple of months ago, the battery won't charge. I tried different wall sockets, a new battery, etc., but no change. It has the "critically low" message, but when I plug it in, even though it says charging the and the little lighting bolt shows on the battery indicator, it doesn't charge. Soon as I unplug it, it's right where it was when I plugged it in. I cant use it unless its plugged into my car charger, or sometimes, plugged in at home. Naturally, it's just out of the warranty period and my upgrade isn't due until July. I have looked online and this phone has pages of reviews with the same issues. Verizon wasn't much help and basically told me my only options are to add a line or buy a new phone. Can't afford a new phone so now I'm stuck with a pay as you go cheapie I had to buy at Target.

I bought this phone new from a Verizon store in January or February 2012.  It worked well at first.  I liked the keyboard.  I've now gotten a used iPhone 4 3G and what a difference.  The Stratosphere was freezing every day in apps and sometimes would just suddenly restart on its own.  The battery got hot quickly if any apps were running.  I had issues with the bluetooth connection in my car.  I couldn't tell if it was the car or the phone, but now that I've had the iPhone I know the issue was with the phone.  The iPhone always connects.  I'd set the Stratosphere to have the Bluetooth on and the next time I got in the car it would be off again.  I'm prone to dropping things so I always get cases for my phone, but this one kept freezing so I'd have to take off the case, then the back, then take out the battery, but it back in, put the back on and the case on and turn it on again.  I also had issues with memory usage.  I couldn't keep much on the phone before I had to delete pictures.  Therer were some game apps that came with the phone that used up a lot of space that I didn't want and I'd delete them, but they'd automatically get installed again.  That's stupid.  If the program isn't required to run the phone, the user should have the option to permanently delete it, especially when the phone has a very small memory.  I had issues with the signal in my building at work.  Now, the iPhone also struggles to get a signal, but I've already seen it has better luck than the Stratosphere did.  The Stratosphere was also very slow with game speeds and got slower and slower and I learned that this meant the phone was about to freeze and sometimes would just set it aside to cool down.  The battery life was poor.  I carried a wall charger in my purse in case I needed to charge it and almost always had it plugged into the car charger when I was driving.  I had issues with the keyboard sliding out.  After a while it wouldn't slide out 100% like it did at first.  Minor issues, but still one issue in a long list.I wouldn't buy this phone again.

After spending many, many hours researching the problems I'm having with my Samsung Stratosphere (phone not charging properly, not holding a charge), finding numerous sites with many people who have experienced the same problem with this phone... after a trip to the local Verizon Wireless store, two lengthy calls over two days with Verizon Wireless customer support, technical support and customer relations as well as another long phone conversation with technical support at Samsung, it is obvious to me that the wireless industry has some major gaps they need to fill if they are to keep their customers satisfied.Specifically, the idea of having a one-year warranty (product) and a two-year contract (service provider) is a major flaw.The options made available to me by Verizon Wireless, to replace a DEFECTIVE phone which is past the one-year warranty period (really? - Samsung, do you honestly sell products that are expected to break after only ONE YEAR?) were:1. Take a free replacement phone of Verizon's choice (not mine) and extend my warranty for two years; i.e. be locked into another phone that I do not want.2. Pay hundreds of dollars for a certified pre-owned phone to carry me through the two-month gap remaining until my next contract upgrade date.  Either keep this (older model, NOT NEW) phone and do not renew/extend contract or spend more money to get the new phone of my choice at a discount and extend my contract for another two years.The options made available to me by Samsung:1. Send the phone back for repair (and pay for the repairs) - this will take a minimum of 2 business days plus shipping on both ends, and a loaner phone would NOT be made available, so I would have no cell phone during this week+.Which of these options makes sense to you as a consumer?  None really.  Why not get someone at Verizon Wireless to actually get off of their 'scripts', think outside of the box and realize that it wouldn't take much to keep this customer (of over 20 years) happy by just moving the two-year upgrade date up by a mere two months.  I would happily extend my contract in exchange for a new, discounted phone of my choice.There must be major changes made to the way the largest carriers do business, if they intend to stay in business.  As for me, I will be looking for a more flexible option for now, NOT renewing my contract (on my phone number - I have three phones on my account) and seeking alternatives for my wireless service in the future.Oh, and be cautious of any Samsung cell phone - I believe that there is an inherent weakness in their charging port (inside the phone) - the Verizon Wireless tech even told me that all Android phones seem to have this problem, as well as security/app issues.I'll be switching to an iPhone. (I see that they are now offering payment plans).I truly hope that this helps others - if you do experience problems with your Samsung cell phone not keeping a charge, be sure to return it BEFORE the one-year warranty period expires.

Fast friendly . Phone was perfect. I will come back to these guys when I drop this one in water or run over it or the baby chews on it and fills it with slobber. Ya i'm irresponsible.

It started off good but by the second week it began to turn it self off. Then it wouldn't hold a charge. When it would turn on then you would loose contacts and pics. It became a real hassle. I ended up having to buy the upgrade and extend the contract.

Probably the worst phone I have ever had. Excrutiatingly slow internet, which would drain about half of your battery life before your page would load. I guess the best word to describe it's calling capabilities is 'laggy'. I would hit the call button, and about 3-4 minutes later, it would start dialing. I had to factory reboot this phone once before, and shame on me for not saving all of my contacts. I lost everything. Yesterday, it just froze and shut off out of nowhere and I cannnot get it to turn back on. Mind you, this is almost 2 years after I got it, and 20 days prior to my upgrade date. So, I have no phone because this hunk of junk decided to crap out on me. I have known 3 or 4 other people who bought this phone, and they have either traded it in for something better (anything is better, really)or are still putting up with its shortcomings. All in all, there are much better phones out there, so don't buy this, unless you have an over abundance of aspirin and patience like a saint.

Delicate.  Had to be repaired three times.  Will not purchase another.  Between the cables inside and the screen not functioning, it was a frustrating purchase.

This phone works great for the first month. It started having werid noised during calls and wont send texts. I had to call verizon to send me a new one. Anotherthing i offer to other customers make sure you know 4g phones need sims cards.  and if the phone u are buying comes with a sims card

Product was given to me in bad shape. The screen was slightly off the tracks which made closing and opening the phone a difficult. This later ruined the phone down the line of a month use. The service was decent but the product did not reach my expectations especially when it comes to a phone that opened and closed to use the keyboard not very often.

This phone works perfect! I am so glad to have gotten it at such a good price in such perfect condition.I didn't give five stars because the charger that came with it isn't the original charger and it slowly fell apart over the course of a month. It's not like I am crazy with it. It's just a charger. Yet, on week one the base of the charger seemed to be coming loose. Then the other side of the charger seemed to be coming loose. Then it really did come loose and the two wires inside were exposed. It stopped working shortly after that. I have to buy a new charger now.Still, for the price and the terrific condition of the phone, totally worth it.

Its just like any other phone, it works fine. Sometimes the phone kind of freezes up, but most Smart Phones have glitches

This phone is horrible. I'm on my second one because the first overheated and the screen cracked. I have very few apps running on it and its still slow. Battery life is bad, even with the bigger battery. Phone calls won't dial for 5 minutes and then there will be multiple calls made. Text is slow. Its not the area I'm in, other people with this phone have the same issues.

Worst phone I've ever owned. Right from the beginning I had problems with it and now almost 2 years later I'd like to smash it to bits. It constantly freezes on me and there are times that it won't let me make calls. I have to remove the battery to get it to work at least 2-3 x's a day. The battery overheats all the time. Then only when I shut it down, does it cool off. Did I mention I'm not using it when the battery gets hot? Next time I plan to do a lot of research before I get suckered into such a piece of junk.

I didn't want to spend a lot for a phone and this is a perfect smart phone for her. Thanks

verizon could not find this phone as a stratosphere in their systms, the charging port is junk & i had to buy another phone. never again will i buy a phone from here

Already have issues and now they told me to send it back to get a replacement, so I have to go without a phone for most likely 2 weeks.

I order this phone from this seller and unfortunately beyond mine or the sellers control the software crashed. But there is a very positive outcome, this seller was just the best they allowed me to return my defected phone and I was shipped a new phone 2days later and I am very Happy with the end results. This Seller was Great and I would recommend there services to anyone!!!!!!!

This phone has garnered both good and bad reviews. While I'll be the first to admit it leaves some room for improvement, I also don't believe it deserves all of the criticism it has received.I write this review as a vanilla reviewer of the phone at factory specs, essentially as it is out of the box (with a few apps ignored/uninstalled). My phone is a about fifteen months old at the time of writing. It has kissed the pavement or tile floors nearly a dozen times. I assume at least partly due to those impacts, it has some glitches. These may also be due to OS updates or app updates that aren't tailored to the device however.First, the bad. With factory battery, again after multiple drops on very hard surfaces, the Stratosphere sometimes does not update notifications through any wireless network in a timely fashion. However, it WORKS through wireless, just sometimes it doesn't get messages or application notifications as quickly as I'd expect - meaning something I see in my email might not show up for a few hours. Whether this is important to a user is up to that consumer. New, with factory battery, I got about a day and a half's use out of it. This life can be increased by installing other applications that lower the screen brightness - in fact I think that should be mandatory on these phones, considering my 2nd generation iPod touch still has a dimmer screen setting than this phone even after installing a 3rd party app.Part II coming soon.

This is truly the worst phone I have ever owned, or for that matter any electrical device ever.  The first one I had new stopped working when using wireless, it would only work on the 4G network.  My carrier replaced it with a refurb.  Now, just outside it's warranty, it deletes photos randomly off the SD card.  I've replaced the SD card and it still randomly deletes pictures and files.  Once a day on average it freezes up and I have to take the battery out to restart it. Sometimes it just shuts off for no reason. It deleted downloaded music. I've performed a full factory reset, which only partially helped.  The slide out keyboard (which is the reason I chose this phone in the first place) is buggy.  Avoid this phone at all cost.  I am stuck with it until I can do an early upgrade with my carrier several months from now.  Hopefully I can limp along with this piece of garbage until then.

I recently started having reliability problems with my iPhone 4 and examined my options. I had had a very early Droid and I liked its flexibility and ability to be configured more easily than the iPhone. I also never liked my iPhone's virtual keyboard for texting. With those things in mind I looked into recommendations of consumer magazines and bought the Samsung Stratosphere.The phone has good and bad points like almost every electronic device. The interface is generally good, though it is now harder to tailor than earlier Androids in my opinion. The display is gorgeous, and I found the camera and video to be good. I thought the Internet interface worked great, and call quality and clarity were both good. I also like the flexibility that the SD card provides. The physical keyboard is a very nice feature (and was the primary driver of my selection of the Stratosphere,) and though it's not as comfortable to use as an older LG I had, it's satisfactory. The balance of the phone with the keyboard extended is awkward however, and the physical requirements of the keyboard make the phone notably thicker and heavier than the competition (especially when compared to the new iPhone 5.) The battery life is nothing to write home about; you might want to pack a spare battery if you travel and are a heavy cellphone user. For me the biggest single negative was the contour of the phone itself: it is very curved and has highly profiled edges making it easy (very easy) to drop, though some cases may help this. I dropped my Stratosphere more times in the first week I had it than I dropped my iPhone in over two years.Ultimately after using the Stratosphere for ten days I reevaluated it and decided I wasn't going to be happy with it so I did something I didn't think I would do: I returned the Stratosphere and got a new iPhone 5. Though I don't love the iPhone 5 (though I like it better than the 4,) I do prefer it to the Stratosphere overall (though call clarity is worse on the iPhone) due to it being so much thinner and lighter. I miss the physical keyboard, but I don't regret making the swap.The bottom line is this: if you want a Droid and you want a physical keyboard, this is a very good choice, just realize it's noticeably heavier and clumsier to handle than some of the competition.

Will get phone next time at store not Internet not a fan of this phone too many problems go to store instead

i wasn't sure about getting a used phone but when i got the phone on time and it looked brand new, i gave the phone a try and it works just fine, i would definitely get another phone from this company used or other wise

a replacement for the exact phone. always liked it. my stratosphere wasn't working right, and I didn't want to get a different phone.

This literally came overnight and was in absolute perfect condition. Right now it works fine, I will update my review if I have any issues, but so far so good.

So, this phone has gotten progressively worse in the year and a half I've had it. It started by not connecting to email, then every time I press the letter "e" it goes to email as some hotkey. After that the phone corrupted my SD card and made all of the pictures and videos non-transferable to any other device like a computer. So basically all it is good for is texting and calling, which is notably LESS than an any non-smartphone could do. Don't buy this.

Charge port was broke so it doesn't charge battery. Was not as described, aside from it having minor scratches. Very disappointed in purchase.

I had a phone just like this that I got as my upgrade a couple of months ago. I recently dropped it in the sink by accident and the Verizon company said that I would have to buy one at retail price of $400-600!!!! Unbelievable! Found this phone A LOT cheaper and it has worked amazing!! Glad I checked here!

The phone arrived as advertised (in very good shape)  and promptly. Through no fault of the seller's the Samsung Stratosphere is not a good phone. Both of my phones fail to keep charge.

how I love and hate thee.let me count the ways.I have had your model for over two years and in that time I have gone through 5/6/7 of you.I have cracked your screen, you've been stolen from me and worst of all dropped you in the water.Had you not a sliding keyboard this relationship would have ended long ago.But I kept coming back to you.I look forward to departing ways, as soon as possible considering the multiple issues we have been having:not able to charge, your screen is purple now, the shards of glass coming out of your screen and yes, you are just slow.I wish a sliding keyboard was available beyond your year but alas they have been phased out.This was my last chance with you and well again, I don't know why I thought it would work this time around.You are/were a great phone.

Needed this to replace my broken Stratosphere. Did not want to pay the full upgrade price on my contract. This was JUST LIKE NEW. Could not have asked for a better product. Excellent Seller. Highly Recommended.

Works great, product is in good condition.  Received as expected.  I like this phone and it's features.  I bought it for my daughter and she seems to like it.

I have this phone from the Verizon Network. I've had to exchange it for a refurbished one every 2 months. The processor begins to slow, then the phone eats the battery after 2 couple hours. I bought a spare battery, but the phone eats the energy on that one too. the navigation stops unexpectedly and I have to restart the app. And so on, and so on. Trying to get out of the phone, but Verizon is sticking to their guns, and giving me a replacement of the same one, 4 times now. Contract duration, 1 year and have 1 year more to go.

Brought the phone for my brother because i was tired of his flip phone he loves it hasnt complained about it.

In love with the phone, but its the second one I've bought that broke on me with in six months.  I want it to be know though that this is not a reflection on the seller for the phone showed up in one piece and I had no problems up to the point that it broke on me. The quality of the phone is not as good as one would hope.

i was happy to get the phone but it shut off a couple of times unwarranted. I let it slide. I dropped the phone and lost my vibrant color. Wasn't happy about that. Right now I am using it as a back up phone.

U get what u pay for it is what it is! Happy cracka  will be back when the next one breaks!

I had one of these phones I got from Verizon. Great phone-good battery life-relatively fast, and I love a keyboard. Then I ran over it. Verizon was ridiculous in what they wanted for another phone. So I go on Amazon, and find my same phone for about 100.00. Guess what. I was NOT the same. Must be an older version. The phone I got freezes up, eats batteries, and in general is as slow as a DOS computer. DO NOT RECOMMEND.

This phone is the worst phone I have ever owned! It freezes on me and I have to take out the battery at least once a day. It has a hard time charging and charges randomly. Due to the lack of charge I was stuck in a geographical area I was not familiar with because I didn't have enough charge to use the Navigation and it couldn't multi-task and charge and Navigate at the same time. When I went to Verizon with this complaint their "fix" was to swap out my car charger, which was fairly new and not the problem. The problem is internal with the phone and will and is continuing to do the same stupid things with a new charger. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE!!!! I am currently looking for an inexpensive phone to get me through the next 6 months of my Verizon contract.

Phone was fine for 6 months , as I could overlook the quick-to-die battery.Then, like many other have said:-Outgoing calls take forever to actually dial out.-Touchscreen will go black during a call, so you can't access a text or pic while on speaker.-With only 2 full pages of Apps, phone still is slow to open, close and utilize anything.  Less than a dozen pics and ZERO music on this phone, so that's not to blame.-Often just freezes up, even when nothing is open.-Random photos have just disappeared from the gallery App.My wife has an iPhone, which makes the Stratosphere seem like you're using a rotary phone with a 1985 PC brain.

This was my first smartphone & I wasn't willing to give up my keyboard so it does the job. It's definitely a bit heavier and bulkier than other phones, but I like the keyboard option. It does freeze up from time to time and can be a bit slow on start up, but otherwise I'm happy with it. I did have to purchase a refurbed replacement b/c I didn't get insurance on it & the first one stopped charging on me after about a year of use. I didn't ever use a case with it and it fell on the ground a few times without breaking the screen or doing any damage.

This was a replacement for my  Galaxy S3 that was destroyed.  Despite being a downgrade, it does what it needs and the cost was fair.  It's got lock-up issues, but it works.

Granted this is an old phone and only packs maybe 400MB of ram with a slow single core, it works pretty good for what it is. I've had zero issues with mine and get 2 days 3 hours consistently out of a 1800mah battery. The only time I get lag is on third party programs if they release an update that doesn't like 2.3 gingerbread as much (like zedge) other than that it's flawless.All the negative reviews are from people that are buying or have bought this phone expecting it to be an S2/S3/S4 because they don't do their homework on phones and then blame the phone for their lack of doing the research before buying.The only con is that it's stuck on gingerbread and won't even get ICS 4.0 (which I know this phone can handle) and only comes with 4GB of built in storage not including the micro SD card. If you want a basic smartphone that won't break the bank and is fairly disposable without it being some $50 piece of junk, this is it. Sure it's not running 4.x, but if you're going to get it for your kid or grandma, this phone works great and the slide out keyboard will be a big plus.To modders: this phone won't take any root exploits after 2.3.5.  2.3.6 blocks any ability to root and there aren't any ROMs for it. The only way to get 4.x for the phone is a third party launcher like Holo, ADW, or Go launcher Ex.

i am not a big fan of this phone what so ever i have went through three of them  and they all have had the same problem battery or charger port  i recommend you not get this phone if your older its more for a 10-12 year old if they want a phone its a ok phone overall it will work for at least a year

The phone was definitely like new. No scratches or marks. It works great and was cheaper than going thru verizon and we didn't have to pay activation fees.

I received this phone and it was covered in paint and looked like a dog chewed it! It said like new when I ordered it and I didn't expect it to be perfect but it looked NOTHING like new. Total rip off for the price. I returned it!

Bought used phone for replacement part. I broke my screen and had contact and personal items I couldn't retrieve Myself without replacing screen.  I was going to replace the lcd display screen, but didn't really need to go that far into dismantling the phone.  So I ended up swapping out just the sliding part of phone, and its work just as well.

I've had so many weird issues with this phone, but keep in mind I bought it "used- like new". I love the slide out keyboard, but all of a sudden it's started giving me chinese symbols as an option to finish words, and it. is. a. hassle. To say the least. It's hard to explain. Also, it may be 4g but it is slow and freezes a lot. I have to take out the battery and replace it a lot. Not worth your money if you're looking for a cheap smartphone.

Delivered in good shape. Looked band new.Functions/operates OK but has its little querks. Screen goes dark at random; &#34;End call&#34; screen doesn't appear when phone call is finished. I can live with these minor issues.
