
I'm really suprised to see all of the negitave reviews. I just got this phone a few days ago and I love it!I switched to virgin mobile after a problem with my last carrier. I had 5 different, very expensive phones in less than a month, all of which didn't work correctly, so I decided to switch to virgin. I got this phone because it was the cheapest android I could find, and I really wasn't expecting much.. but its way better than I thought it would be.The only problem I have is the camera. It has the be the worst camera I've ever seen on an android. Terrible picture quality and the flash sucks.But other than that, this phone is great. I would definantlty reccomend to anyone!

Bought this for my husband who accidentally goes through phones! Works. He has had trouble keeping a battery life up. But it well worth it for a cheaper smart phone!

i am having problem with this phone it is always i have had 3 phones from virgin mobile and wish to re turn this phone and get an lg phone  or another phone i am not happy and this is my first problem with something from  amazon could you please reurn this phone and give me another phone i donot care if  i have to pay more money lg android or elite make me happy again i had the phone in june

I purchased this phone at a very good price at Target for the most part. Now for the Good,bad,and the UGLY part. Purchased:08-22-2012Good- I was very pleased upon opening this product. I have been a Virgin mobile and Tracfone,user for several years now.And this phone by far was one of my best purchases;that is until yesterday.Well that;s the UGLY part(let me stay on track)I've wanted to buy this phone for a while now.So when I walked in on the perfect day and it was on sale, this was too good to let go. I love the fact that the phone has a qwerty keyboard as well as a touch screen.Since the voice commands works great on this phone,I only need to use my fingers to text when it malfunctions or cannot recognized the words that are coming out of my mouth.Then screen quality or resolution is great it is better that I expected. Very clear. I watch videos on you tube and most of the time I am like "wow" this is a very good resolution on this phone. The phone has 3g service for the most part and does not drop(until you read bad.Great design, very attractive phone. When I first logged into my e-mail account,and facebook account, to my amazement all of my contacts and calendars synced to the phone upon me simply logging in once. I have never seen that on any of my phones(I normally have to do it manually_)It was nice!!!! Blue tooth works great except for one glitch(in bad section). Music or speaker on the phone has good quality.I downloaded a few apps and as we all know from other reviews, the memory is not good,but what it good is that you can move the app you download to the memory card if you like to free up memory;Overall, this is a great phone for the price or a starter android phone. It is very easy to navigate and has plenty of awesome pre=installed apps.Oh, and plenty of free apps from Google play...YEAH..oh another awesome thing is the keyboard lights up so you will know what is going on in the dark.lol..pic quality to me is pretty good and the flash actually works in the dark.Wifi work as it should.If I missed anything sorry.Bad- If you have small fingers this it the phone for you.If you have average or big fingers, you will want to throw the phone after trying to hit any "LETTER" for more than 2 or 3 minutes. Let me clarify. The qwerty key board is great as i state above, but it is small. The letter on the "on screen key board" are bigger. Definitely for bigger fingers.But, the keyboard is off sometimes 1-2 letters off. Im pressing the "r" now but it keep putting an "e" on the screen its annoying, but manageable once you a get use to it.As long as the voice command and "speech to text" work, you will be ok.Speaking of, the voice command and speech to test malfunctions frequently on the phone I have. It was good for a week then down hill from there.But, the feature works great when it actually works.Next up, for some odd reason my bluetooth stay connected to 2 items at the same time which scares me half to death sometime.When I hear a strange noise coming from my laptop that is in the living room and i am in the bedroom (audio feature active on both computers at the same time but audio is random on one on the computes). Then there is the Virgin Mobile voice that comes on when the phone is turned off then on that scares me no matter what. But the odd thing is that if I set an alarm for work and have the volume to the MAX, I can barely hear it going off next to me. But I can clearly hear the Virgin Mobile sign on=off even if my in the next room. Go figure.Anyway,I haven't been able to connect to the "Virgin mobile" live music at all it always says "Buffering". So, I log into pandora and it says, You guessed it "Buffering" like it is now. No streaming music. But you can watch video if that helps.So, UNLIMITED DATA...HUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!! Also,My data on my phone keeps turning it self off. Granted, I do have a battery saver app that i use that was preloaded on the phone to help assist with battery life on the Venture.Even if I have the app turned off, my data still is being shut off without me doing it. Mystery???? The battery is the next topic bc my phone as of date cannot hold a charge for more that an hour to and hour=half. It suppose to have a talking time for up to 4 at least.  after charging, my pone goes from 99% to like 40 or 27 in less than 10 minutes.Another mystery???Could be the apps running in the back ground...who knows?So, back to the topic BAD&lt; summary, if you have huge finger you will get frustrated unless you are a calm person overall.Secondly, the voice command and speak to text may malfunction.Third,streaming music does not STREAM.Oh and the TOUCH SCREEN MALFUNCTIONS AS WELL AT TIME, FREEZES.And another thing the phone gets very, very, HOT at times.This is during regular or simple use.And data turns off on its own.Finally for the ULGY: I woke up yesterday feeling lovely.It was raining but I didnt care b/c I woke up feeling good. And then, wait for it.....I turn on my Virgin mobile phone...Then screen was blank-completely Black. I was like wth is going on. So,I pressed the button again because for some reason I thought maybe I did not press it hard enough, So again screen blank. So I take the battery out then put it back and No "VIRGIN MOBILE " scaring me as usually. There were words on the screen about the ISO software crashing on the phone.And it told me to restore my phone. Luckily it was only a month old and there was not a lot of room on the phone for me to save important documents or pics downloads.Call Virgin Mobile..On hold forever so I had to go to work,, Called next day on hold still...Finally someone..restored my phone and now there is a permanent black space on the phone. It looks like widesceen movie view *android gingerbread software 2.3.Anyway,after the screen loaded it was like it was "posessed". The phone started calling and texting people on my contact list at random with random stuff.IT was craZy..If you think that is bad, the phone was also going on the internet while I was driving and then started calling people. Camera started taking picture an videos as well. The screen frozed but the phone was still accessing info.But, it could have been a hacker or something..Because I see the thing that were happening on my phone when someone access a phone remotely.Fufthermore, I followed directions on the phone and it seem to be ok except for the space. Contacts and other info downloaded again on first login as stated above.Overall, I like the phone but it has a lot of issue. But we all know that there is always one bad apple in the bunch. I think i got it.Im going to see if I can get this one replaced since it is still under warranty or I will have to get another one if his happen continuously.I love the phone and hope it start working better.

it 's okay but the phone die fast in all the phone is good. pcd review of my phone purchases

For use only with Virgin Mobile's Beyond Talk Plan (meaning you pay a set monthly fee rather than topping up every three months), the Venture is an android phone.  It uses the Nationwide Sprint 3G Network.  It has several apps including Google Maps, GMail, other e-mail, Navigation, Google search, YouTube, News, Weather, and more.  It has a QWERTY keyboard as well as an on-screen keyboard.  When you buy the Venture it comes with the Venture mobile phone, micro USB cable, battery cover, 2 GB micro SD card (mounted in the device), battery, USB power adapter, and Basics Guide.I had problems when I first got this phone and wasn't sure if I would like it.  I charged it per the instructions but I couldn't activate the phone and had to call Virgin Mobile who were very helpful.  Once I got the phone activated I turned it off overnight only to find out it wouldn't turn on the next day.  I recharged the battery and it worked fine until I shut it off overnight - again it wouldn't turn on in the morning.  Finally I removed the battery, reinserted it, recharged it, and leave it on all the time.  Now the phone works fine although the battery does wear down fairly quickly (the box says the battery stays charged for up to four hours talk time and up to 300 hours standby time - I think those figures are overly optimistic).Now that the battery issue is solved, I really like my Venture phone.  For me it is a good introduction to an android phone.  I can do a lot of things with it - search the Internet, check my e-mail, take pictures and movies, shop, check Facebook, use a GPS, and more.  I can leave verbal messages for myself, write memos to myself, set different ring tones for different people.  I like Office Suite - I can read Microsoft office file formats and view PDF files on my phone!  While I downloaded and read the User's Manual I didn't really need it - using the phone really is intuitive.  I've had no problems receiving or making phone calls - the sound is clear and I've had no dropped calls.The Venture may not be for everyone - the short battery life may not be suitable for people who make frequent phone calls or texts.  But for someone like me who uses my cell phone infrequently and wants a low monthly payment, no contract phone plan, the Venture is perfect.

I usually never rate a product this low unless it's absolutely necessary. I bought this phone from Virgin Mobile for $99. A week later the price went down online as well as in retail stores to $79. This is a poor excuse for an entry level, low budget, eco-friendly smartphone. The battery will last you about 2.5 hours and that's on stand-by. Not even texting, calling or checking the time and with wi-fi turned off. I have to lower my screen brightness to the lowest just to squeeze 3 hours of regular usage out of a full charge. The keyboard is cramped. Even for small hands this would be painful to use. Literal pain. These keys are so flimsy you have to press down hard on the plastic keys. This phone freezes a lot. I have 9 essential applications I absolutely need and that are not moveable to the SD card. 9 apps and the phone's memory is already full. This phone damaged my 16GB Micro SDHC card and I had to format it. I lost most of my pictures and videos. The only thing this thing has been able to do well is run the Easy Tether app. I get good speeds from Sprint where I live. I am only gonna say this once. DON'T BUY THIS. EVER.

I purchased this phone for my daughter's 13th birthday.  I was looking for an Android phone that wasn't too pricy but had enough features to keep a teen happy.  This covered all bases!  The combination touch-screen and QWERTY keyboard are easy to use for small hands and Android Gingerbread offers the features and speed that my teen daughter enjoys.  The monthly cost works for me as well - I chose the $35 plan which includes 300 minutes, and unlimited data and texting.  Since my daughter texts and uses email more than she talks this is a great phone at a great plan that works for Mom and teen.

This product is ok, I have purchased this item and love the product, but the card was defective it wont work. the battery doesn't last as much as they say on the box.

you cant expect everything, It does have a pretty small keyboard but i don't use it. I just use Google voice to send all my text so that makes it easy to send texts! I had to have a phone though so for the price im glad I have a android smart phone even if its not the best!

i bought this because i wanted a cheap phone with wi-fi. this is just that. but i got it with the speakers partially blown. no other problems. pretty decent phone. i recommend

Battery life as you may've found out by now is horrible, not sure how Branson and his engineers live with themselves over this major err. You can do certain things to not use so much battery, but you shouldn't have to worry things like that, especially with technology as it is today. The pictures are clear and music comes through pretty nicely. As my first android phone, I Ike it. As my first smart phone, I'll know what to look for better than the price tag next time around. A few glitches: alarm sometimes doesn't shutoff AT ALL, so I've had to remove the battery to shut it off; calls get sent to voicemail, out of the blue??!; keyboard needs to be bigger or simply all touchscreen because correcting the keys takes out a bit on the fingertips, and the touchscreen keyboard is not all that big either.

Got this in combination with a case for my daughters birthday and she loves it. Now she can surf the web, play games, and down load apps. like everyone else, and I didn't go broke.

I love this phone so much. I am auactully typing this review with the PCD Venture. I used to have the LG Optimus Slider but one time I opened it and the screen flew OFF! WTF.  Anyways I wanted a phone with a touchscreen and qwerty keyboard. U get for wat u pay for.  I really would recommend it to u but u have to have small hands. The only flaw that I have is that the keyboard sometimes feels cramped. But I already got used to it. I almost never write reviews but this phone is awsome so I had to

I NEVER write reviews but I feel that this phone is a bit better than everyone is saying so I will try and tell you guys everything I know/like/don't like about this phone. Ok to start I had an Optimus V and I HATED it kept doing crazy things and the keyboard situation aggravated me every time I used it. So I saw this cute little keyboard phone decided to give it a try and I could bring it back if I didn't like it. Now I was going to get the Optimus V slider but it was a bit expensive for me. So I will admit that the keyboard is a bit cramped even though I like the size I do push multiple buttons a lot but it doesn't bother me as much as the V did because it ALWAYS got the word wrong and this I just push the backspace key and type what I wanted to say. Also a con I found is that I can't see my email it says here is your email but a blank screen comes up which is a bit wierd but oh well i can use a computer for that I guess. But to be honest it looks just like the Optimus V, button and menu wise, must be the android so I really didn't notice a difference. I did notice some obvious PROS which are more memory ( hated the V for that), slightly faster when it comes to downloading stuff and of course the keyboard! I hate to say it but maybe just get it and try it out first because that is the only way to know if YOU like it because I did see 2 reviews about the phone before i bought it ( only 2 because it was brand new) and they both said it sucked but I was like well it is cute, $99, and has a keyboard lets try it lol. So that is really the only thing I can say is try it but I Love it so far and won't go back to the V anytime soon.

Poor battery life.  I wanted a downgrade, so it's ok for my use, but for anyone "married" to their phones,this isn't a good choice.PCD Venture Prepaid Android Phone (Virgin Mobile)

i got the phone back in october and  i had it til like last month it sucks battery life is bad the qwerty board is way to small and screen is to little and it just isnt that great then i got the kyocera rise last month battery life last way longer and has bigger qwerty board that slides out and bigger screen 3.5 compared to this one which is 2.8 or somewhere close to it so ya the phone isnt great at all its just trash...... so i wouldnt recommend it to anyone not in less children cuz they dont know any better there mostly satisfied with anything !

I am a mature user who has been with Virgin Mobile since 2006 and very happy with their service. This is my 4th Virgin Mobile phone -- I have purchased 3 this year for various reasons and at great sale prices and my original Nokia Shorty is still working great!I purchased this phone because I am selling an app for Android to business owners. It is the only reason I got it as I was very happy with my LG Rogue that I bought in the beginning of the year. So it is my first Android phone.First, the overall look and feel of this phone is classy. It is slim and not too big, and it is a two tone of platinum and brown. The keys light up in the dark and are shaded with a brown tone as well. The keyboard keys are small and also sculpted I think to make it easy to maneuver around them. I too had a hard time initially texting and using the touchscreen. The touch is very sensitive. I was not sure I would like it as the operating system is Android and took some getting used to as well. In my first few phone calls the screen went dark and I was unable to hang up. I actually had to ask the other person to hang up. Later I realized it is related to the display setting for screen timeout. I had it set to 2 minutes and that was the reason the screen went dark.I think a lot of the complaints are related to the operating system -- which is Android. It is more sophisticated than regular feature phones and lets you do more but you also are required to know more. It also tends to drain batteries more and that is a problem with EVERY android phone even the expensive ones. What you need to do is remove apps that you aren't using and turn off data. There are free apps to help you do that.For the battery issue: what you should do if you are not using your data is TURN IT OFF which is easy to do from the settings screen. When I turn my battery off it will last about 2 days. Realize that with every Android phone you will have the issue as basically the operating system is too "BIG" for the hardware at this point until the next genius figures out how to make the hardware fit the software.Gradually I began to like the phone more and more.. for it's elegance.. the one touch command to bring up the search for example M will bring up all items related to M automatically. It is very easy to search the phone or internet -- the advantage of an android over a hierarchical phone where you have to navigate menus. I like the fast scrolling opitons and the fact that you have have 5 different home screens or ids as they are called. Someone said you cannot remove the Virgin Mobile downloads.. not true.. you can easily remove any app by going to settings/applications/manage apps. You need to spend some time with the user manual and the phone to really know the true capabilities.The phone can be customized in a million ways. I also love the live window wallpapers that are animated. I bought Snowfall Live which shows a snowy mountain and changes the scene based on the time of day. There are a million android apps to use on the phone.The sound quality of the speakers is excellent. They even had a preset "classic" bell phone ring which I love!SO, this phone is NOT for someone who is going to be doing alot of video and music streaming.. you will go through the battery very quickly. This is a phone for someone who wants a classier phone that can do more but is not wanting to deal with more expensive/sophisticated hardware. It grew on me slowly and now I love it. IF you love to tinker around and explore, if you want a nice looking phone that doesn't cost big bucks, if you'd like to explore the planet Android, this is a good first step.And like another reviewer said -- review the phone you have not the one you want.I think it is a class deal at a great price and I'm glad i got it!

Not a bad phone for someone just starting out with an android, but the battery does die very quickly. I have to disable the data to conserve the battery. Keypad is very small, so you need to be careful when texting to avoid mistakes. Overall, it is an okay phone, but if you have a little more money, it is probably worth it to invest in something a little nicer.

II bought this phone last month I thought I had a pretty good phone for the price because it's cute an all but yet then I had to charge my battery will be every hour an then after only 24 days it stoped charging an now here I am buyin a HTC one V hope it does me better. I would not recommend this phone at all charging port is screwed now the battery would hold charge its very slow an keyboard cramps ur hand up

I hated the phone because I still haven't been able to use it. It came with no battery and the avertisement never said it didn't have a battery. I got it for my Grandfather and he still has no phone because of it.

So far so good. I personally like that phone.even tho the battery percentage shrink right in from of your eyes,it last a lil longer for sure.You should get it if you ain't addicted to technology, but want to feel like the "million dollar man".

I brought this phone on the website to save $20.00. I was attracted to its cute small keyboard and a screen size i was willing to settle for the price of it. I knew the talk time was only 4 hours and it was slow. While waiting for the phone in the mail, I researched many online reviews. every professional had a negative review. I told myself, of course this phone looks bad if your comparing it too samsung galaxies and iphones from the future!well, my dislike for it was very quick and simple. the screen is too pixelated for me. its like seeing everything in blocks. i thought with such a small screen, they would compensate with a decent resolution! well..... no! its too pixelated for any app to be seen properly. while waiting for this phone I began debating this impulse buy against the Virgin Mobile Rise, which i also have a review on! coming out of the box, the pixel and low low! resolution was an instant deal breaker. I must see my web and youtube videos clearly and this phone fails. now I must go through the tedious task of returning it to the website. regardless of your phone needs, simple or tech-savvy, do not by this phone. its a kids phone. in the year 2012, an adult with a professional job and urban life such as myself can not settle for a low grade phone such as this. nor should anyone else.

use poot too root then u can use apps to uninstall certain system apps that are on there takeing up internal memory that u dont need or a app 2 sd pro to move apps too the phones sd card even swapper to partion the sdcard to have apps automatically installed on the sdcard instead of phones internal memory and with a plan of 35.00 a month for unlimited text and data yes only 300 voice mins but for now while google voice is free u could always use a app like grooveip that uses googlevoice which gives u a second phone line with unlimited calls & text to the usa and canada like magicjack only with texting ability over ur wifi or 3g connection u can have unlimited calls give ur friends and family diffrent numbers based on who calls ya the most so basically a rootable phone for 39 new at bestbuy unlimited data and once ur rooted u could even use barnical in the app store to use ur unlimited data connection as wifi hotspot for ur laptop on the go , so if u know how to work with it and play with it very affordable good phone , yes the battery life does suck but for a android phone its the cheapest best ive seen for the price and ive yet to try a diffrent battery with this phone to see if it gives it a lil more juice then the one it comes with -- but just food for thought on u guys that say this phone sucks , i know i paid 100 for it too when it first came out and yes it did suck then specially since brand new at bestbuy u can get it for 39 bucks , just food for thought ----

Bought this on sale to play with it as an internet radio.  It will run on wifi without activating, easy to bypass the nag screen, and comes with Google Play.  You can download radio apps (Tunein, Pandora, etc.) and it works.  Best feature is that the speaker is as good or better than many higher-end phones, about even with an iphone.  Then if you ever need a backup phone, you have one, for Virgin's cheap prices.  Will take an SD card for extra music.The keyboard is good for typing in stations, artists, signins, etc.  It is not quite on par with a Blackberry, but this is one of the few Android phones with this keyboard form factor if you like it.  It is backlit.The screen is really low resolution.  Short texts are ok at large font but even basic web pages are fuzzy.  But this isn't an issue for a basic radio/music player/talk text phone.Three stars because Virgin has a much better physical keyboard phone for not much more, the Rise.

it is a good phone I like how it is blackberry touch and a android all in one I relly like this phone

shipped fast.battery is weak though i have to charge it all the time.do you have any other smartphones or labtops?

I never leave reviews for products but I had to save someone else from buying such a piece of crap. Granite the price is right, you do get what you pay for. I just bought this item and I am in utter disgust. when making a call, no one can hear on the other side. when tapping on an icon for a specific app, many other items pop up other than what you were intending. The battery life is horribly low and my jellybean software wont update. Not only that, trying to switch to virgin mobile was absolutely ridiculous.Buy at your own risk...This is specifically for the product not the seller.

Read the other reviews. Almost all  the problems exist but doesn't make the phone incapable of working. Patience is needed in order to use this phone. 4 stars though for a cheap android phone.

I bought my mother this phone after coming off of Sprint with a Blackberry (a very faulty one). I wanted to introduce her to touch screen, but she still wanted a keyboard to type on. its a slow responding device that often gets frozen and doesn't send text messages on occasion (though I blame the virgin mobile coverage on this one). The photo quality is pretty terrible but she doesn't take too many pictures. If I could, I'd buy her a new phone but my budget is lacking. I thank Amazon for the lowered price though, it's a little more expensive at our local virgin support store. I'm not sure If i'd recommend this phone to my mother again, but for those who don't want to do much but call and text with a limited touch screen, this is for you.

I have very bad luck with phones. But this seems like a very good cheap durable phone. Hopefully I can keep it until I get a new phone.

I actually thought this phone was going to be a bueaty! When I got this I expected so much more, but I guess you pay for what you get. This phone has such a small memory, you can hardly ever download any games as long as its under about 20 MB, or else this phone will keep telling you that you have low space. i literally bought this phone about a month ago, at first I did like it, but once I started to realize how much of a piece of junk it is, the more I want to sell it to get a better one. The camera is horrible, and the flash is useless. the keyboard is somewhat nice if you can get used to it, i have extremely large hands and I certainly got used to it quickly. The battery dies quickly! it only last me 4 hours for about texting, and making a couple phone calls, and also for making maybe 3 trips to the internet, I have to constantly make sure I have my charger with me, or else this piece of junk will just die on me, also I have to kill apps constantly just to get even more time with it. Also, sometimes I don't get my messages or notifications, so I have to restart it a couple of times in order for me to get my notifications, or else people will just wonder why I didn't text them back. All in all, this phone is useless you're near a plug, and if you would only be needing it for texting or making a few phone calls.-Stewart

I have had this phone for almost two weeks now and I must say that this phone is really cool. I am a big fan of the Blackberry type of keyboard interface. The touchscreen on this phone is rather small but I have not had any issues with it. I watch youtube videos all of the time on this phone and I have no complaints whatsoever. This phone and its keyboard are very small. Those of you that have large hands or fingers might have a problem due to the tiny size of the keyboard. My hands and fingers are small. I have long,natural fingernails and I am able to fire out texts both quickly as well as accurately with no wear and tear on my nails. The price cannot be beat and this is without a doubt the best phone that I have had in quite a while.

I picked this phone up on a whim because the price dropped to $49 at Target. I really only needed a phone for the sole purpose of being a phone. Previously, I had one of those super cheap pay-as-you-go tracfones that cost about $10 and was happy with that until I accidentally put it in the washer. Obviously, I needed a replacement. I saw this and promptly picked up the Virgin Mobile brochure prior to purchasing and read about the pay-as-you-go plans. I figured, what the hell, $35 a month nets me 300 min of talk time and unlimited web, data, and texting so I'll give it a go. The worst case scenario is that I end up with a $50 paper weight and I've bought more expensive useless things in the past. Well, it works. What more could I ask for? Break time at work is suddenly more entertaining and I can surf the net whenever. So, the kicker question is, how does it function as a phone? Well, it does that well too. Voices sound clear and I haven't experienced any dropped calls. Overall, I'm happy with it. What can I say?

What can I say, my POS Samsung Intercept finally broke after 25 months of me getting frustrated and throwing it at things in anger, so I bought this thing. It sucks balls. It is the worst POS ever made. I traded it plus $50 for the LG Optimus Elite, HOLY COW! HALLELUJAH! My middle of the road LG OE runs like a freakin Droid Incredible 2 compared to this POS. DON'T BUY! Hope this helps.

I  love this  phone  it  takes good  pictures  it  recorrds  good  some  people  are  lying  when  they  say  this  isn,t  a  good  phone.

I really want to give this phone a good rating because I'm happy with the look and feel of the phone, and of course Virgin Mobile has the cheapest monthly plans around.  I wanted something with a similar look and feel to a Blackberry without having to pay the much higher Blackberry price.  However, this phone has next to no battery life...if I use any of the apps, especially the navigation app, it drains the battery down in a matter of minutes.  I also have to be careful when recharging because if I keep it plugged in too long, the phone starts acting real quirky and won't power-up beyond the logo screen.  It also gets real hot when charging, and sometimes when using certain apps, like the navigation app.  When it gets hot like that, it's likely to shut itself off and then when you power back on again, you can't get past the logo screen.  It is possible to reset the phone once it cools down and you allow the battery to discharge all the way and then recharge it again, but resetting the phone means losing everything you have installed that is not on a memory card, and then having to reinstall everything.I know the problem is not just with my particular phone because I've exchanged it twice under the terms of my warranty, for a total of three different Ventures that all have the same problem.  I'm going to switch to another phone because as much as I like the look of this phone, all of the problems I've just listed make the PCD Venture just not worth it.

This phone outlasts the rest, long battery life, my last obe lasted for over 2 years so I bought another and my new one is just as perfectBattery does not overheat and this too will last two years I'm sure. Great purchase for the pricetag!

I would strongly encourage anybody to spend a little more money and get a LG Optimus Elite, Optimus V, andOptimus Slider. These devices can be found for under $100 in some places and it will save you a lot of grief down the road. The huge advantage to this device is the low price and full keyboard, after that, its a downhill battle.

The batterie last for only about 30 minutes. And I let it stays on the charger over night. And says low batterie.

I love having the actual buttons and the touchscreen.  Websites upload fast, screen resolution is great.  It doesn' t feel like a "prepaid" phone.

likes:* external speaker. surprisingly good sound.* cheap android. bought it on sale for under $50 over month ago. it's 80 asking price is pushing it though, imo.* has a keyboard, and i actually like the look of it.dislikes:* small, cramped buttons. what's worse, the keyboard buttons are slightly raised and slanted. so trying to type with nails or finger tips can be slightly trickier(for me anyways). there's a touchscreen keyboard option if interested.* very low internal memory. kinda defeats having android market(i still call it that). the micro-sd capability helps, but not all apps can be transferred to the card.* the poor camera.* 2.8" low-res looking screen.my personal experience:* youtube surprisingly worked smoothly, while netflix did not(lag/stutter). i usually get minor buffering on youtube videos and a smooth experience on netflix with all my other devices. not so with the venture, complete opposite.* mx player, my usual go-to video app didn't play any of my videos off the sd card(pics were fine). yes, i downloaded the correct codec. was gonna try mobo-player but realized i'm rarely gonna use this to watch personal videos.* i was gonna wait a few weeks to review this after i bought it, but it actually messed up on me before i could. less than a month in, the touchscreen stopped working, then it wouldn't turn on. went and got a replacement, and now use it as a $50 android media player with wifi internet and as an emergency back-up phone if i ever need to activate it. (i'm assuming the other one was a fluke with the touchscreen, but will update if something happens to this model. so far so good)overall, i can't recommend this cell phone. the calling card for me, the keyboard and touchscreen typing options, both turned out too small and i just couldn't get on with them. texting is my number one thing, so it was a deal breaker for me. but for others it might be fine. still, i went in knowing about the small screen and keyboard, and i know this is a budget/low-end android phone so with that in mind, i still think it's "ok" for what it is. and at the 50 i bought it for, i thought it was a pretty good deal until the touchscreen went out.

The phone was much too small to be able to see all of the actions and to function with and it was hard to touch the keys.

First off the Virgin Mobile service seems fine in this area anyway. The phone is well constructed and appears durable. That is the good...now for the bad and it is bad. Phone locks up about once a day and none of the buttons work. That includes the off button. The only solution is to pop off the battery cover and remove the battery for a few seconds. Then you must do a cold restart. Very irritating.  The physical keyboard is a little too small to avoid hitting at least two keys at once. Slows down the texting then to a crawl. This phone goes through a battery charge very fast. Way too fast. I doubt the amp rating of the battery. While it discharges fast it also charges too fast for the output stated for the charger. I just do not want to have to charge this thing several times a day and that is what it requires. I cannot live with it anyway.  I am going to move on to something else.

this phone performs well for a basic user such as myself.it could use a higher capacity battery.as mentioned would recommend for basic users

purchased the phone threw amazon in september have sent it back 2 times to p.c.d and finally after 2 months getto use it barely the battery is so bad it doesnt even last longer than 3 hours so dont let the box fool u been a virgin mobile customer for over 3 years the worse produce i have ever bought ....aggravated customer

when the holder of this item said like new, they ment like new! my product was to replace my old phone and be a newer model, was both and it works great!

Touch screen is off a bit. Doesn't have much storage space. Decent battery life. Great Camera with flash. Doesn't hold instagram. Would recommend it to anyone that just uses Facebook & email.

Awful phone. I got one because my other phone died and I wanted a Droid phone that was small, the price was reasonable, but within a couple of weeks the phone started freezing up. It would get hot, overheat, and then power off. Battery talk time is awful, within a couple of hours it goes dead. It does come with a lot of apps, but if you use any of them, battery drains VERY rapidly. In order for the phone to be of any use, you need to keep it constantly on a charger.  Virgin Mobile has a few decent/nice phones this is NOT one of them.  Spend a little more and get a better quality phone if you want to be with Virgin Mobile--this phone is a lemon. After just seven months, it finally died for real.

This is a phone for those who are budget-minded. It certainly does not have the latest Android Operating System, but it does what it's supposed to do. The screen is smaller than most phones, but it does have the keyboard if that's what you like. I've had a couple of apps that don't show up quite right due to the smaller screen.One problem with budget phones like these is the internal memory is very limited. Even though you can add more memory with the microSD card and partially move some apps to it, the phone (like most Android phones) requires a lot of internal memory for your apps. If you have a lot of apps, don't get this phone.This phone can be rooted so that you can use a an app to move apps to the SD card. There are some online forums that you can find with instructions. I think this voids your warranty, so if you go that route I'm not responsible. I thought about upgrading to a newer phone, but I'll just save the money. This works fine.

This phone can do just about everything all my other smart phones could do.  I can access YouTube, Facebook, e-mail and I can Google. The only thing I can't do is play Facebook games and I cant get instagram. The camera is not the best but I use it to post pics on Facebook. The battery life is ok., and sound quality is good. Over all this little phone gets the job done.

This phone is a good phone although it could be better. the batter life sucks and you cant get instagram but the screen is a good size.update: the phone is really slow with apps downloaded onto it, i have to charge it at least 6 times a day even if i dont use it. i would not recommend this phone to any of my friends!!!!

Husband's first smartphone.  He seems to like it much better than other phones. Fast delivery and great price as well

shipped out fast had it in 3 days. So for its good love every thing about it. But just dont buy the hard cases on amazon with out really looking to see if the cut outs fit.

christmas present. cant beat this for the price! i cant wait to give it to my husband for Christmas! he will love it

This device is 'user-friendly' it does have a few quirks that the person I purchased it for could do without.  A nice starter device for a young person and elder who is not interested in too much functionality.

The phone is awesome and I love Virgin's pay as you go plans! I have it setup to use PayPal to pay the monthly bill so now I have a great phone and no contract! The bill is the bill and included in the flat rate is the price you picked. I guess Virgin takes all the hidden fees out to do that, but who cares? When I got my old phone bill with Sprint it used to just tick me off to have all the government add on fees in addition to the price for the plan, and Sprint had that habit posting one price for the phone and then you learn that at the cash register that $50 of it is a mail in rebate (which I hate).I used to be with Sprint but when my 2 year contract expired. I had an HTC Touch Pro 2 and I did like that phone because the touchscreen was way too sensitive and when you were talking on it your ear would open who knows how many windows. So goodbye Sprint and hello Virgin!!!

I bought this phone as a back up until my contract went up, although it can be a little slow, it works very well.

I needed a phone fast but couldn't spend a lot of money at the time, so I bought this with the intention of getting a nicer phone a few months later. Instead within 4 weeks I got a different phone cause this phone was junk.  The battery died within 1 hr of having it off the charger, less then an hour if I was actually using the phone. I don't recomend this phone. The saying is true &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;.

hi i ordered this phone last week but hasnt had the time to swap my intercept to this phone yet. i was wondering if your able to download instagram for this phone. on my intercept i couldnt since i figured it was a 2.2 android and gave me tons of problems im hoping the venture is a bit better.

phone is ok as long as ur in a dark room or it is dark outside. so if u plan on using this phone during the day don't get it. u cant see the screen at all in the light. therefor this phone sux ass. i threw mine off a a bridge, that's the only enjoyment i got out of the piece of shit phone!

This phone is crap the optimus is better y would they put a flash on a 2.0 camera and the keyboards to cramped and the screen sucks

Just don't even waste your time. I wanted a cheap android, and that is exactly what I got so I can't even really be mad. lol

I got one of these for three reasons:  I wanted to try a phone with Android and a keyboard.  I wanted to try Sprint/Virgin Mobile again because they said their coverage was improved.  And I found one of these at Amazon for $15.00 plus shipping--under @5.00 in all.I found the combination of the keyboard and touchscreen very usable.  This keyboard is one of the better ones on such a phone.  Unfortunately, that still leaves the keyboard inferior to my old Nokia E5, or all the non-smartphones that have QWERTY keyboards.  Still it offers faster typing than virtual keyboards on anything smaller than a 3.5&#34; screenUnfortunately, I still found that where I work is in a near deadzone for Sprint.  I considered looking into getting this flashed to Cricket, but since they had a similar phone with a slightly bigger screen, and managed to get it for about $50.00, I didn't.  I replaced that phone with a more typical Android phone because the keyboard, though faster in ideal conditions was unusable it the light wasn't perfect.  I might have held off longer on changing if I had worked with this one.The keyboard has drawn a lot of criticism, but it is a very good size for both one and two-finger use, while slide-out ones are generally too wide for one-finger.  But the wedge-shaped keys designed for thumb use are actually problematic if you do the one-finger typing that phones often call for, or use fingernails as likely with large fingers.  The numbers are near-illegible, but the arrangement is standard, and when you are dialing you use the onscreen keypad anyway.The other criticism has been battery life, and it is shockingly short compared to my old Nokia or the non-smartphones I have had.  But compared to two subsequent Android phones I've used, and comparing notes with friends who have a nice Samsung phone and an iPhone, this isn't that bad--the worst, but not by much.  I suspect a cheap phone like this draws people moving from old school smartphones and non-smartphones, used to going days between charging, while people using expensive smartphones for a while have developed strategies for keeping them charged.Mine has some problems with the headphone jack.  It works with headphones, but not with most external speakers I've tried.  That is probably why I was able to get the used one so cheap, but it might indicate something likely to break on a new one or perfect used one.And I find that it has very little internal storage.  That isn't really a serious constraint on adding apps, because a lot will fit on even a 2GB micro SD card and the phone will take up to 32GB.  But a lot of the factory installed apps will not move off internal storage.  I find I can't upgrade one because the new version is about twice the size of the original.A really good-looking phone, and inexpensive, if you can live with its limitations.

it is a good phone for kids my girl having a good time with it and my monthly payment is not that bad

Virgin Mobile cannot identify this as one of their phones and will not activate it! The serial number does not come up in their system even though the phone looks authentic and seems to have been brand new. This was a waste of time and money because there is nothing that i can do with this phone now.

wasn't sure what to expect due to the mixed reviews. here's what i've come up with....you want a very basic smart phone that is (so far) reliable? you got it. it's not blazing fast, but is pretty quick to perform all functions, as i say, basic. it's going to take longer to load pages with video, etc...but basic web browsing, pre-installed games, and all other tasks, i have no complaints about. personally, i like the keyboard. i've always had a blackberry curve, and this is very similar in structure. screen size is a little bigger, but it's also great that you can turn the device sideways and widen the screen for better viewing. videos, music, etc, play well. touch screen is pretty accurate. really, you can't beat it for twice the price. remember, it's a 40 dollar phone. don't buy it and expect it to perform like a new iphone. that would be just plain stupid, but if you just need the basics, this will definitely work for you.

I'm on this phone writing the review but I purchased a better phone. This phone has small button if you have big hands don't get it. Its easy to use but it won't get a lot of apps its a nice basic droid with bad battery life

Good price, that is all.This is relatively complex product and the users manual is terrible.  The manual lacks lots of critical information.  A complex item must have a detailed user manual included with the product.  The deficient manual is only on line and certainly incomplete.The only way to configure and use this item properly is to spend many hours experimenting.

i like the phone but it freezes at times and my main gripe is the battery. the battery doesnt last . you have to constantly charge it. i wish they could make a battery to where it lasts for awhile before you have to charge it .Kim

I can manage it with my fat fingers so it's not too bad. Nice phone for the price. Nice camera.

i hate this it will not activate when i spent all kinds o money on it  i hate this item and will not buy from you agian

the phone is great i thought it will be a bit crappy but it is not, I have google play the screen is nice and really touchy . the keyboard is like a blackberry keyboard. the camera does suck if you like taking nice pic on your phone. overall i do like the phone.

THIS PHONE SERVE MY LIFE I MEANT IT IS A GOOD PHONE IF TECHNOLOGY WASN'T UPGRADING I WOULD STILL HAVE THIS PHONE

the venture phone isnt the best phne ive ever had!! these letters are cramped together and the buttons sometimes dont press so i have uncomplete words. and it keeps blacking out on me and this sd card that it came with doesnt even work!!!! i cant take NO PICS!!! i recommend to never get this phone its the worst!!!

I picked this up as a temporary phone just for calls, texts, and Facebook. Sadly, it failed at even that. Virgin Mobile preloads software on the phone called "Mobile ID" which cannot be disabled or removed. It forcibly downloads and installs several other apps, which if you remove, it forcibly re-installs. This wouldn't be such a huge problem if the phones internal memory was already so low that the installation of these apps causes a "low memory" error on the phone, and won't let you install anything else, or even move the apps to the SD card.Additionally, the keys are so poorly made that pushing one button activates a button one or two buttons over, and they are tiny enough with an awkward slant to them that makes typing extremely uncomfortable. It took me 3 full minutes to type out "LOL" in a text because of the horrible keyboard.Bought mine from Radio Shack, returned after less than a day because it's complete junk. You don't even have the option of rooting or installing a custom rom to fix the issues because it's a no-name brand. It's so horrible that even though I bought mine elsewhere, I had to warn people on Amazon of how bad this is.

Everyone says the venture is a horrible phone when its not, the battery life is short but its not as bad as everyone is saying. On standby the phone lasts me like 6-8 hours and constant usage it lasts me 3-4 hours. It had good memory bc i have 12 apps and it still isnt full. This phone is what you pay for remember that. I think this phone is an excellent phone for the $89 it is sold for at virgin mobile. I bought mine on sale for $59 and I cannot complain.

I like this phone because it has the touch screen and keyboard. Its cheap, but you get what you pay for. The battery life is very short! I charge mine twice a day and if I use email or facebook, I charge it 3 times a day. Ive had it for 8 months and its reporting no SD card now (even though I havent messed with it) so I cant take or receive pics or videos so Im just buying a new one, but will buy the same phone.

I am very happy with this phone! I love the the fact that its a touch screen with a keyboard

The phone is ok, but the battery is horrible. I can charge it all night long, not use it at all during the day, and the battery is dead by 2 pm. It's crap.

I've had this phone now for a couple of months I bought it strictly as a WIFI only device basically for emails and to run an application known as Swagbucks. This phone has an excellent layout, basically a Blackberry Curve/Bold appearance with both options of a keyboard and a touch screen. When I had my Curve 8530 before this I was thinking that I might have to do the android switch because the phone was becoming so outdated and I didn't want to leave Virgin Mobile. This was basically the closest to the Blackberry because I wanted to transition without losing my physical keyboard. The physical keyboard on this phone is not as horrible as everyone says...if you had a Blackberry prior to considering this phone you will be fine its very similar, just a different layout for the keys. The phone itself has a decent display, streaming Youtube videos is quite clear and I really never had an issue with clarity. However the phone is slow, like really slow. The processor isn't good and streaming can be quite difficult, I literally have to kill every task on the phone if I'm going to watch a video just so it doesn't skip. And for you thinking that reason for this might be the Wifi signal being too weak, however this is not the case...the phone is literally inches from my Netgear N600 router most of the day. In terms of battery life, I feel that this is literally the deal breaker for me to have this phone as my main one. The battery is HORRIBLE. If you want to think that cell phones and laptop computers are similar in the sense that you charge them then can take them on the go...this would be the desktop computer of phones. It always has to be plugged in or near a charger...I've gone from 52% to 14% in minutes at one point and I just don't get how erratic it is. If you want an entry level smartphone however and you constantly go from charger at home to car charger to charger to charger to charger then you will be fine with this phone. For the price, its a steal. Although I have mixed reviews, I would recommend it as an entry level android.

Battery life really stinks. I had to charge this phone literally 3 times a day, i barely ever used it for anything but texting. I called people only every once in a while. If I wanted to do anything with it, i would literally keep in on the charger or it would die. Unless you only want to call and text with this phone. I would recommend you not to ever get this phone. My sister has the exact same phone, and she has the exact same problems. I have had this for a year and I had to literally turn my phone off and turn it back on to send texts or get one. sometimes the phone calls would just end because the phone wanted to stop talking. So...seriously dont do it
