
Sony Xperia U ST25A-BW Unlocked Phone with Android 2.3 OS and 3.5-Inch Touchscreen--U.S. Warranty (Black/ White)is very good

Photos are very good.Further a fine phone!Update was good for the phone.Computer PC suite is good substitute for microsd...HDMI works fine.also fine audio quality.Still have a lot to discover!Does warm up when gaming more than I would care for.Sometimes the wifi does not connect and have to make new attempt..Typing messages reveals a keyboard that almost requires a stylus and the fingers are not pointed enough!

My girlfriend wanted this phone for a long time and I finally got it for her as a surprise present on Valentine's Day. She absolutely loved it. The phone was as described in the description and everything is good so far. I have nothing to complain about this phone.

EL EQUIPO ES PRESENTADO BAJO UNA BUENA RELACI&Oacute;N PRECIO CALIDAD  ESTOY MUY SATISFECHO POR LA COMPRALO RECOMIENDO AMPLIA MENTE EXCELENTE

The Xperia S is a stunning phone to look at. Having already read plenty of reviews and familiarized myself with the weak points of the device before purchasing it, I was ready to deal with the inconvenience of less-than-responsive buttons on the Android navigation bar, and a spotty experience updating and maintaining the device via my Mac.However, ultimately, I ended up re-selling the device and returning to a vanilla Android 4.1.1 experience on my Galaxy Nexus.Pros:- Stunning, rich, dense display, good overall system performance- Excellent "theme" -- not invasive, and very stylish (if you like a themed experience...). I enjoyed lot of the widget behavior improvements and the overall "feel" of the themed OS under my finger.- Sony's Walkman music app is awesome, and I was able to find a good Last.fm scrobbler to support it.Cons:- Very poor battery life (half-day in my experience) with a built-in non-replaceable battery- No HSPA+ support on T-Mobile Network so it was "Edge" network or nothing here in the US. I'm told that if I were using a SIM from AT&T;, I would have had access to 3G. However, stepping from very fast "4G / faux-G" (HSPA+) T-Mobile coverage, all the way down to ether 2G, or 3G -- both options felt impossibly inferior and hard to tollerate.- Though this phone was recently updated to Android 4.0, Ice Cream Sandwich, the upgrade via Sony's proprietary software on my Mac failed a number of times, and was a hassle even when it worked. Also, this is *still* not the current version of Android. The device will always lag behind Google-updated devices in terms of OS version.- "Playstation Certified" means nothing. There were about six games to choose from, and the experience was not good on this device -- which did not even come with the Playstation Market installed. Playing the titles via a huge swath of dodgy on-screen buttons that cover most of the game action was totally sub-par. It is a better experience to rip and play your own PS1 titles via an emulator on any other Android device. I had fooled myself into thinking that if I bought a "Playstation Certified" device, there would be more working titles or a better gameplay experience, but that really wasn't the case. Imagining that I'd be playing Xenogears, Final Fantasy, Grandia, Lunar... all my old favorite PS1 RPGs, was the thing I most looked forward to about this device when I purchased it, however none of those titles were available. In fact, Wild Arms was the only RPG option.- Patchy software support via the Google Play Store was troubling -- nobody tests for the device, so you have to be ready to see apps behaving in nonstandard ways.If I were an AT&T; customer, a Windows user, and a non-gamer with a desk job so I could charge the device during the day -- I might have stayed with this device. If the above describes you, this is indeed a very sexy-looking device.My advice is to confirm what network you will be operating on before you buy. Just because it's "GSM" doesn't mean you'll have a great experience on some networks. This is not a junk device -- it is very high-quality and it is obvious that Sony has put it's best foot forward, but there were a number of things that ultimately held my experience back to the point that I chose to move on.

Is a good phone, beautiful graphics, great screen, the photos are not high quality despite the 12MP camera, the problem with the menu buttons  is solved by sliding your finger up, with some games that have great graphics you have to close other applications that do not twinkle games. Overall its a good phone. 3g works perfect in Venezuela, although you'll have to cut the chip,because it uses minichips.

The phone is enough for what you pay for it.sensible buy.go for it.And music sys is good as usual

Bought my Xperia S from FGS trading. They shipped the product within 24 hours by UPS, and I received it 3 days later. So, great service from that merchant.The phone is elegantly styled. I was quite blown away by the quality of the display on the big screen. The phone checks all the boxes for me as far as smartphones go.The phone woke up in French though; gave my wife and I a good laugh, but it was pretty easy to figure out how to change the settings to English.I am very happy with the purchase. Well done Sony. Great phone.

concise user interface, AMAZING camera, elegant design, fast than iPhone4s, ICS is great! I will buy XPERIA phones again.I am very glad I chose this cellphone. like no others

This "Xperia S" is the worst smartphone I ever owned in my life... Here some of its most infamous fails:**The 3 capacitive buttons are very insensitive and inaccurate... You need to tap 3 to 4 times to get it works. A real nightmare!!!**Data connection HSDPA freezes suddenly 1 or 2 times daily..... You need to turn off and turn on data in settings to get it work again. (Occurs the same with differents sims operators and configs).**It takes 7 to 8 hours to fully charge, even turned off (I don't know why..:S).**Battery drains in less than 10 hours with very low usage.I will never buy a SONY phone in my life..... I will come back to Samsung or HTC!-------------------------------------------------------Compilation Num: 6.0.A.3.75Android: 2.3.7 (After two months of Sony announced the ICS 4 upgrading, There's nothing for this phone until today).

I like a lot this phone excellent, but mine comes with a known problem with the screen, yellow tint in some parts of the screen when it increase the temperature of the phone. Apart of this problem the phone is the best phone, better than htc one x really.

I loved this product ... I received earlier than I waiting ...It's functioning normally. Now I can use during my job and meetingsThanks for our business

Sony knows very well how to make its customers satisfied. This phone works perfectly with ics for now. There is not lag or any app corruption. The screen is extremely light and bright. The SIM card is very easy to remove.  I love Sony.

I get my phone and I thank God all right, thank you very much, but I did not see anything q,: (did not see the HDMI cable. greetings

Deceiving looks...quality could have been a little better...overall its justified for the price you pay...and something different from iphones...everyone's carrying iphones now a days....

Everything went smoothly. The package came in a nice internally bubble padded UPS bag. And the phone box came in on time was in perfect condition. Everything about the phone is just right and perfect. I looked up the phone a lot before I made the purchase and knew everything about it and knew what to expect from the phone and its features. I purchased it from FGS Trading and everything came in perfect condition. The phone works exactly how I expected it to. A limited number of Xperia S's had a overheating problem which caused a yellowish tint on the screen, but I didn't have that issue with my phone. Although the phone didn't have any power out of the box so I had to leave it on the charger for a bit before my first time turning it on. Otherwise, it's all good and it's still running strong for me.

first of all it's a great product and worth the tile of a flagship of current Sony product line. The design is perfect, hardware quality is of high level. Over all it worth the price. I'll just mention some negative things about it:1. Battery life is probably the most obvious problem. Even compared with IPhone 4's short battery life, this Experia S has a even shorter battery life than expected. It can only last between 10-15 hours for normal use, therefore I have to charge it every night. although basically you have to charge every smart phone daily, you'll still encounter short battery problem if you happens to use the phone more frequently someday.2. the back cover cannot be tightly installed. This is not a big problem though, but it makes me feel the product not considerately designed.3. The high-contrast scree: this is just not that appeal to me since I'd prefer a natural screen color. this screen is just too colorful to be unreal.4. the operating system: some bugs, which I don't know if all Android devices have more bugs than IOS. Some bugs are just irritating and stupid, e.g., the power saving mode never correctly functioned on my device, or sometimes the system crashed when opening email, etc. Frankly speaking i don't think system update would resolve these problem. Also the Android system updates way to slow.

El tel&eacute;fono como tal es muy buena excelente fotos, sonido, pantalla, tama&ntilde;o algo exagerado para una pantalla de 4.3 pulgadas muy grueso de resto es de lo mejor

Good product. I bought it because a friend asked me. The phone is good quality, arrived in the stated time and well packaged. It has many functions and is far superior to other models on the market.

well i have been through quite a lot of phones but this one i can say is the best by far,camera is great ,it has a nice slick look .loving it

the stock version of android is great and the multimedia capabilities are awesome(audio and video), i love my SONY Xperia S

It's a beautiful looking phone, and the price is good, and the hardware is good.  It's also cool to have a phone that it's widely seen here in the US.  So why am I giving it a lowly 2 stars?  They didn't put on a microSD slot.  I know that Google wants to get users to stop using the microSD, but that's not in our interest.  I won't buy a phone without a microSD.  Therefore I don't recommend this phone.  If microSD slots are not important for you, then you should ignore my review.

The new Xperia S is just awesome, android works very good as well the performance. The battery is the only thing that you should manage very carefully depending of the use, syncronization, camera, radio and so on. The interface HDMI makes easier to view your photos and videos even in 3D.

The particular Xperia S I bought is a German Generic unbranded unlocked one.The manufacturing date and code is 12W15 ABAE. Which means no LCD yellow tint issues.There are tons of video reviews around the internet so you can google that.Sony just started the ICS 4.0.4 update for Xperia S. After the update I feel like its a new phone!Most Android fans will tell you that this phone does not have the most cutting-edge hardware, i.e. quad-core CPUs..etc...etc..But in normal daily usage and gaming you won't feel the differences between dual-core and quad-core.At least Xperia S has a unique design, 12MP Camera with Sony Exmor R sensor, highest DPI LCD screen.Hardware gets obsolete very fast, but a good design and good looking phone can last much longer.Of course Xperia S has its cons as every phone in the market. Currently I don't feel its cons out-weight its pros and its uniqueness.Just remember get one with the first two digits of manufacturing code at least AB, not AA.

I bought this phone mainly due to the stylish design, but I also considered the specs of the phone when I purchased it.The specs are a bit outdated for a 2012 android phone, and it doesn't have ICS out of the box, but it can but upgraded so that's not a big issue.Pros:1. Unique and stylish design. The transparent bar really shines in a low-light situation such as a restaurant or club.2. 12 MP camera, with a few apps this can produce very nice looking photos. The low light performance of the camera is a little bit on the noisy side, but a modded HDR camera app fixed the quality of the image very nicely.3. Dedicated camera button. This is very useful in many situations.4. Good speakers.5. mini HDMI port. Good for when you need to connect to external screen.6. Matte body and special finish. The chemically treated finish on the body makes it easy to wipe smudges and other marks off. Also, plastic body means that screen will be less likely to shatter if dropped. Does dent though.7. Very bright and sharp screen. I can easily see the screen outside in direct sunlight and at a angle. One of the highest ppi LCD screens as well.Cons:1. Power button is located at the top right corner of the phone. This makes it a bit awkward to press. The button placement on the phone is a little bit awkward in general.2. Capacitive buttons above the transparent LED bar is not super responsive unless you press it at exactly the right spot. This can take a bit of getting used to, but it is a source of frustration.3. No Android 4.0 (ICS) out of the box. This can be fixed via an update.4. Outdated hardware. The Xperia S has a S3 chip instead of the S4, so it's not as fast as other flagship android phones such as Samsung Galaxy S3, Nexus 4, or HTC One X.5. A unibody deisgn would've been nice since the battery is non-removable anyway. This would eliminate the gaps in the phone where dust can enter.6. Phone gets sluggish after a while if too many apps are open. Also, battery life isn't too good compared to other phones.

I like it..

this product is excellent , i used this for 5 months and i love it , i'm form Venezuela , and the product arrived in perfect condition , 5 stairs ! recommended

Telefono Excelente, funciona correctamente, la camara de 12.1 es muy buena, no tiene nada que envidiarle al samsung, es muy buenos

HassellfreeCell and amazon did a very wonderful work regarding the packaging and the handling and the product that was sent at the address. The product was up to date and matching the latest requirements and exactly as it was said a FACTORY MODEL and it was one with no seen damage or anything and at a good competitive price than that in the marketplace. I was delighted to recieve it and even moe delighted to use it!

The phone is amazing in every way you can compare it to any other phone out there now and still stay on top.

It's nice looking, way ticker than the previous Xperia Arc models, heavier too and the bottoms are hard to hit, cause its just a little dot. For the price and wouldn't go for it. But this was for a friend who's a Sony fan.

I'm taking my chance to ask, so if anyone knows-will this work in Tajikistan and can this be set to Russian interface? it's important,i'm searching for a great smartphone either Samsung or this or Nokia to give to a friend speaking Russian and in Tajikistan..anybody who knows,please tell,

it's awesome cell phone. totally proves its price. it really fast in work, the screen is so huge and the colors so bright

I Love it ...It has a very high screen resolutionit has an amazing 12 MP cameraIt also has a very fast processorthis phone is simply incredible

i rate this phone perfect cuz its just perfect...just got it yesterday and its totally awesome i have no problem at all with the phone,sensetive buttons camera apps no problem at all i would defenively recommend sony fans to buy this phone its truly worth it.....

It is 100% an unlocked phone, All the features are working perfectly fine.I have upgraded the android version to 4.0 and it started performing really great!!!Definitely its a recommendable product.

This phone is perfect. It looks better than the picture. My several friends ask me where I buy this hone. In addition, the phone runs very fast and the screen is sensitive. Furthermore, the screen is very strong, so I don't worry the phone will be broken

This phone exceeds my expectations, the sony camera is the best of the market and the processor is faster than any other I know. Excelent choice!

This phone its just great! amazing design, fast interfase,  great camera and just an unique screen with this LED sony bravia, a definitely must have!

I have always been a SONY fan, so experia was just the right choice. The 12 megapixels camera is just perfect, and the HD recording is great.  The price is more than convenient, so if you are looking for a nice, stylish and cuting edge phone, get this baby!

This phone is awesome. The screen is amazing, and I haven't even peeled off the screen protector that makes it look matte. Camera looks good. Feels solid. Loud speakers. The battery is the only problem, have to charge at the end of the day but it lasts pretty well for me unless you spend the whole day downloading apps. For some reason the phone turns off overnight when I wake up the battery is dead. I think I need to turn off WiFi when I go to sleep because WiFi uses about 11% of the battery. Overall, best phone I've ever used.

I like it, is tough, very smart, good reception, excellent definition and beautiful. I recommend it because the team has quality

The best smartphone!!!!!! Good battery, good camera, fast, good price, etc etc. This cellphone is awesome. I think sony should be sell this celphone in Ecuador.

Its a really fast phone, the camera its pretty good. The memory is shared with the os, so there isnt 1gb free at all, the same goes for the 32gb internal memory, theres only 25gb free for personal stuff

Its the best phone today and I bet if someone holds this cell phone in his/her hands wont leave it.Its simply IRRESISTIBLE..............:-*Has higher screen resolution than an iPhone 4S.Has higher megapixel camera than an iPhone 4S.Has faster processor than an iPhone 4S.Has NFC also.

I have gotten tons of compliments for my phone. The camera is amazing!! The front cam is gorgeous as well. I had it with Tmobile but the reception was not so pleasant so I transferred to At&t. They had no idea how to connect my phone to the internet so I did it myself by adding the APN settings manually(I searched it). I cannot remember how many times I have changed phones but this one is by far my favorite! I'm glad they don't have them here in the US cause I want to be unique lol.

worth its price. i have gotta two sony xperias(s and arc s) and both of them are satisfied me. for Xperia S  CPU, GPU, and RAM are far enough for today's most apps. the screen are 1280*720 in 4.3''. for screen's RGB, looks red index is higher than blue and green(warm screen). Amazing 12mp camera, responding in half second after press the hot key, accurate and fast focusing, high STN Ratio. signals are good. factory unlocked and support many languages. on the other hand, this phone have some problem. It clams that 1G ram, but about 600mb is available to use by phone user. too much plastic using on case. back key dosen't respond every time when touch it. over all its a good phone.

This cellphone is amazing, big and very fast. I really like it and i would recommend for anyone who wants a especial phone, this is the phone. Beatiful desing.

of all phones and bought the best and seen, excellent resolcion and speed, highly recommendable.the phone does not stick for more open applications

WONDER IF THIS PRODUCT IS INTERNATIONAL RELEASE? PHONES THAT COME? If AT & T or another brand and that if it works in VENEZUELA

this is a really great phone. better than expected. stuning camera, stuning display. Android ICS out of the box. NFC sharing functions is really easy and fast. 100% recommended.Si estas comprando desde Venezuela funciona con todas las operadoras. excelente telefono. de los mejores que puedes encontrar por ese precio.

I am a diehard Sony fan. I have a Vaio, PSP, PS3, 2 Cybershots, 2 Sony headphones and a Sony television so the Xperia was basically the last Sony product to complete my Sony family... I used to have an iPhone so I might make some comparisons between those two.Pros:First off, the cellphone is amazingly beautiful and the screen looks amazing; you have to see it to believe it. However, the screen makes pictures sometimes look "too" nice. I took pictures with this phone and it looked amazing on screen, however I uploaded it on my computer and I was kind of disappointed. hahaha but the screen is amazing to watch videos. I love the dedicated camera button on the side so I don't have to turn on the phone and go to the camera to bring up the camera. In addition, the matte back of the phone looks very nice. There is an LED light in the front that flashes when you have a notification and the color of the light is the color of the app, which is VERY cool. Purple for Yahoo Mail, Blue for Facebook, Green for Whatsapp/LINE/WeChat, etc etc.Cons:I love how Android phones can be customizable so I decided to customize the heck out of the UI in the phone. However, this led to the phone being a bit slow, so I don't know if it is the fact that I am using the GO Launcher Ex that is making the phone slow, if I am running too many apps, or if the phone is a bit slower than the iPhone in general... I was kind of disappointed in that. In addition, the camera crashes sometimes which bothers me because I like to take a LOT of pictures. Unfortunately, the phone does not come with a music player program so I had to download one, but when locking the phone, it's just not as convenient as iPhone's double click on the home button to bring up the music player. (If anyone has any free music player download recommendations w/ a good lock screen player mode, please tell me!) Also, the bottom 3 buttons are not as sensitive as I would like; I have to press the buttons a couple of times sometimes for it to register.Overall:The phone is very nice looking. It is very eye catching and my friends ask me what kind of phone is it when they see it. (Not a lot of people know I guess, but I like to be special hahaah) The screen is the best part of this phone and the speakers are very loud when you want them to be. The S is running on Gingerbread but Sony is coming out with Ice Cream for S sometime next year I hope. Hopefully this will make the phone faster! There is a newer version of this phone which is supposedly faster but I don't know by how much.

This is an amazing phone, i bought one and i can't say how perfect this phone is, the graphics and the resolution is amazing, so the seller, the sending was fast
