
I got this phone for my 13 yr old son so I didn't want a lot of frills. It works fine  and the setup is easy. It does all the basic things we need it to since it is just a phone for me to keep up with my son. I am bothered by the outside face getting extemely scratched right away as there is no protection or raised edges there but it doesn't really affect how it works. It just looks rough. He does like being able to listen to the radio on it as a bonus.

It was purchased for my wife who is technologically challenged. For what she needs it is just find but nowhere near as simple as her old phone.

It is a cheap built phone .no way to increase size of front or control volume,I would not buy this phone again

my sister bought this phone for my mom last christmass. it was ok then it started dropping calls all the time. finally got tired of it and she returned to her old phone.

Looking for an unlocked cell phone that was adequate for voice and text, lightweight, small, inexpensive and worked with T-mobile prepaid for 10 cents/minute, I found this phone  and thus far it appears to be just what I was looking for to replace my 6 year old KRZR when its screen died.  Only downside is the dual band won't work for international SIM cards unlike the old quad band KRZR.

Fine sound quality.  I'm not sure what features to expect at this price.  It's just totally adequate.  It's the simplest thing, great to give to a visitor for the weekend.

For some of us who don't text and tweet and surf with a phone, this is the perfect device. I just wanted a phone to call someone in an emergency and for others to call me when I'm traveling. I don't need to check it every few minutes and have it &#34;glued&#34; to my head 24/7. If you feel the same way -- this is your phone.

I bought this phone as a replacement phone for a senior when his old phone quit working.  When buying cell phones for seniors, I've found that simple flip phones work best (open to answer, close to end conversation!).  He is very happy with it.I need to find a better ring tone, tho.  All the ring tones on this phone are tunes and he can't hear them.  I'm sure I can find and download a phone ring ringtone for him somewhere!  He has trouble hearing high pitch.  All the ring tones are high pitch.  Don't think I can change that.Also, he can't read any of the writing on the front without a magnifying glass.  That's not helpful for a senior either!For the price and for what he needs, tho, this phone is fine.  It is getting harder and harder to find inexpensive, simple to use flip phones.  Seniors need simple phones!!!  I'm so glad this one is available!

impossible to program or save names data entry is so poor wonder how any can use the damned thing it truly sucks...

Talk about cheap!  T-Mobile has outdone themselves with this phone.  I only wanted a to-go phone with a camera that stays in my purse for emergencies but the 2 pictures I took were too large to send and I didn't have the option after the fact to change the size.  The phone has a tinny sound to it.  The contacts got skewed when downloaded from my old sim card and are not easy to edit.  I may not keep this phone!

After my sgs2 started acting up I knew I had to get a another phone to keep the lines open. But I didn't feel like getting another android phone or apple, especially with news of the upcoming Nexus and iPhone 6 later this year. So I decided to tough it out and get a basic flip phone. Just 8 years ago touch screen smart phones were barely coming in and people were crazy about getting latest and greatest bar, flip or slider :) I want to gain an appreciation of wireless phone technology by removing the clutter of apps, finicky OS's, short battery life, featureless slabs of gorilla glass and sky high prices.I chose this phone for its utter simplicity and long battery life. It's running smoothly for me no hiccups at all. With my SGSII I had gotten into the habit of charging it every night. But with this phone Alcatel 665 I haven't had to charge for three days before one of the bars disappeared. Reception with tmobile in my area was better than the galaxy and at times was more accurate at reading service availability.Operating the phone Is pretty basic and you'd be able to figure stuff out pretty easily. Just make sure you go through all the submenus, cuz they hold extra tidbits of information -sometimes important ones. Comes with one battery, micro USB charger, instructions and a SIM card. If you're gonna be handing this off to elderly folks you might want to configure some of the more complex stuff yourself first, like: sim card or handset lock so you have a copy of the codes, style of ringing, alarms, profiles, etc.

This phone is excellent, almost perfect. It has a nice front display (but a little too small). And it has nice big keys. It made a nice phone for my grandfather. T-Mobile also has wicked cheap prepaid plans with plenty of minutes. Reload options include: 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, 180 days, 365 days...Unfortunately, it lacks a volume rocker. That was a huge deal breaker since changing the volume was too challenging for my grandfather. I recommend the Samsung t139 from T-Mobile instead. You can find it on sale from $20-$30

Let's start this review off by saying the most important thing about this phone...IT'S A PHONE. Like all clamshell styled phones, it's BASIC. If you are thinking about using it as something other than a phone, then you have &#34;some&#34; options, but DO NOT think that t his is a substitute for any other device. I use it for making and receiving important/emergency calls. For those purposes, it's really very adequate.AS A PHONE - The design is nice and slim, and the buttons are very large, which makes it very convenient for people with poor eyesight. The buttons, however, are very FLAT, so dialing is occasionally less than &#34;smooth&#34;, and you won't be able to dial by &#34;feel&#34;, but will actually have to look at the keypad when you dial. Since this phone (like every phone out there) can store your contact numbers, that shouldn't be too inconvenient. The reception is good, but that's more a function of your service provider than the phone. If you're looking for a nice basic phone that fits very comfortably into your pocket, this is ideal.TEXTING - As mentioned, the keypad is extremely FLAT, and the input modes are somewhat non-intuitive. If you text a lot, this is not the phone for you.EXTRA FEATURES - The fact that this phone comes with an MP3 player and an FM radio is very appealing for people who want to listen to something while they travel. Be warned...this is not the premier MP3 player. These features are &#34;extras&#34;. Don't go confusing this with some of those smart-phones. Considering the price, this is actually a great little unit, but there are some limitations that people should be aware of.The MP3 playing software seems determined to limit the user to just 600 songs. Any other songs that you wish to listen to should be placed into a different folder, accessed MANUALLY, and played one at a time using the filemanager funtion (it's right there in the menu, so it isn't too inconvenient). Still, 600 songs is a lot to choose from for a steady stream of music, and playing additional songs (one at a time) is still possible. I have well over a thousand songs stored on the card (my 8 gig micro SD is filled), and if I feel like listening to one that is not in the main MUSIC FOLDER, it's only a few button-taps away. One &#34;work around&#34; is to simply transfer an entire group of songs from your CD as a single MP3 (such as side B of Abbey Road and a lot of Pink Floyd albums).Other comments have noted that there is no volume control. This is untrue. Just press the Up/Down keys WHILE THE SONG IS PLAYING. The low volume of the unit can be overcome by getting a better set of headphones. I'm using the JVC Gumy HAF160s (I don't use the headset for phone conversations, so that's fine). These headphones seem perfectly matched to this MP3 player, and the volume is more than adequate.I have also read that the construction seems a bit flimsy. Yes. It SEEMS that way, but being abit of a klutz, I've dropped this phone 4 times, and so far, everything is still working FINE.The menus are not very intuitive, but you will get used to it, and you can always CONSULT THE MANUAL. It isn't hard. Overall, I'd say this is  a very good basic phone (but quite weak on texting, which I never do so it made no difference to me), and comes with enough extras to make it an excellent purchase.

I added my mother to my T-Mobile plan for $10/month and needed a phone. This is what I got. It has big buttons and is easy for my mom to use.

My first order was defective so I requested a replacement, and guess what the replacement sucks too. I will not recommend this phone to anyone.

I brought this cell phone to use as a regular house phone since I closed my Verizon telephone account.  If that's the way your going to use it then this is a good buy.  If you want to use the other features like email or texting then I would look for something else.  It did take some time to understand the features for the manuals are really useless, but I went online and got the answers I needed to set it up.  If it's going to be used as a regular phone than I would recommend it, but not if you need it for all the other features.

outdated junk which doesn't work, constantly turns itself off. Very bad screen quality, can't really see options. Overall you can find much better phones

I got this for my mother-in-law who could not figure out how to work a smart phone. She loves it.  Large keys, loud speaker and very easy to operate.  Runs about three days on a charge. Very happy with this phone.

I bought the Alcatel 665 to replace a pre-paid phone bought in 2007 but found the Alcatel 665 difficult to hear even at its highest volume.  It is confusing to program and the instruction booklet is hard to understand.  At first I thought it was a problem with this phone and exchanged it for another, only to have the same problem.  I returned it and have replaced it with a Samsung SGH-T139, which was over $10 cheaper, works wonderfully, and is easy to program and understand.  Both phones had the same cell-phone carrier so I did not loose minutes or my phone number.

Bought this phone for my in-laws.  Charged it and showed them how it works.  He took it home and called me -  worked fine.  They did not use it again until recently.  Does not turn on and cannot charge it, tried a different charger, still could not charge it.  It's too late to return by 14 days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I bought this phone for my Mom and it is a great phone.  The numbers are big enough for her to see and easy functionality.  Well worth the price.

Badd Flip phone.  Do not buy. Bad speaker and baaad key pad.  It is more like kid's toy. No volume control.

I had never had a phone and I am 23 years of age. The reason I chose this phone is because it's simple and it functions for what I needed it for (texting and phone calls). I didn't want a high tech smart phone, so I searched for a flip phone that was simple, easy to access, looked slick and plain (and it came in my favorite colour, Blue). Fortunately, this phone has been useful and has worked well (I received it on Sept. 7th) !! The downside of it is that the camera sucks, and there is no volume control (well that I haven't found, at least), but over all, I do recommend this phone for anyone that desires simplicity. My mom liked it and was thinking of getting one, she's quite old school and wants an easy phone as well. I love this little phone, I receive many compliments from friends, because it's rare to see a flip phone now.

I thought this phone was inexpensive because it didn't have the features of a smartphone, which didn't bother me. Now I know it's cheap because it's a crummy phone. The sound quality is tinny and scratchy. There are dropped calls. It's counter-intuitive. The worst part so far is it is impossible to link it to my Bluetooth in my new car. It will connect for all of about ten seconds, then disconnect. Even my crummy old Nokia flip phone that was 6 years old could connect better than that.I am really frosted that, despite the poor quality of this phone, T-Mobile wants to charge a $25 &#34;restocking fee&#34; to change to another model that actually works worth a darn.

I currently have a iphone  and wanted to make a change . Need to save money and I have access to internet at work and home .Looking at tmobile in store and on the website this phone is going for $100 and  as always I checked amazon  . such a great deal $22 , prime shipping is always on point.Last month with my iphone. This phone is pretty basic and straight to the point dont expect it to have bells and whistles.

Had this phone for about a week. The phone I bought came with a kit including the phone itself, the charger, headphones, a SIM card, and instructions on how to use and activate it. Was able to get it to just work easily.I like this phone for the fact that it can make calls, listen to radio stations, take pictures, record videos/audio, and can act like a MP3 player.Its possible to text and send messages to people and its even possible to add your own ringtones and wallpapers besides the ones that came installed.The Softkeys and Numberic keys can be set as a speed dial for a personal number OR set to one of the functions on the menu (Radio, Alarm, etc.) and comes with a Calendar that can be used to set up &#34;Appointments&#34; (The phone rings on a specific date).It has a Converter that can convert currency, length (M, Cm, Km), and weight (Kg) and also has a Calculator, Bluetooth, Stopwatch, Notes, and Weather.An alarm is included so you can set it up to ring like on the Calendar. Also vibrates, has Caller ID, and can display the time and status of the phone while its closed with a push of a button.If I were to describe what it could do better most is in its navigation. Even with the manual I still had to explore it a bit to get a good handle on what it can or can't do. Also changed some settings because it was somewhat difficult to understand what the phone displayed on some parts. (Like setting Languages to USEnglish instead of Auto, turning Conversational Mode Off in Messages, etc.)The time it displays has to be saved manually every time you want to change it. If you save it by Auto Update it might be off by a minute because of this. Texting messages on the phone is...well what is expected from a number keypad and its camera is nothing too impressive.The online store for this phone lacks somewhat. In the box this phone only has a storage of 3.2 Mb so a Memory Card needs to be obtained elsewhere if saving long videos and songs/audio.Its battery is so-so and only displays how many bars out of 3 it has left. (More or less up to 9 hours of talk, 400 hours on standby like described on the official T-Mobile site)Overall even with its flaws I still like this phone. For what it could do and its price it works for me. Would recommend it for its FM radio, Speed Dial function, Camara, Video recorder, Voice recorder, Alarm/Calendar function, Caller ID/Time and Status display,and for being able to make calls.

We cannot get the phone to receive or make calls.  The phone indicates &#34;emergency.&#34;  We've been to the T-Mobile store a number of times., and they first recommended removing and reinstalling the battery.  That doesn't fix it.  This trip the salesman said they are having most owners request similar help, and the phone is faulty.  They offer no help since we are prepaid customers.  DO NOT buy the T-Mobile 665.

My Motorola W490 finally gave out on me and this phone has been a great replacement. It has all the basic features, small weight and size, and a good feel overall.

Had my 1st T-Mobile phone for 12 years before it went belly up. Replaced it with this this one which humbles in comparison to the 1st.  My main problem is the sound quality....it sucks. Transferring my data to this one was easy but the overall quality is nowhere close to my old one.

Used to replace Mom and Dad old cell phones. Very easy to use. Very inexpensive. Works great with T-mobiles new contract free plans.

Good price and function. Just wish the volume was easier to access. Overall not a bad price for a decent phone.

Great phone if you plan just to call and text.  This was bought for my mother and she doesn't even text, but she loves the phone.  So, yes, she is happy with it.

It was for my mother, she has adjusted well to it and likes it very much because it's easy to use.

I brought this phone for my dad and he loved it. He is the type that likes simple things/technology. It is very easy to use with no complicated smart phone technology. Ringtones that are pre-stored in this phone are very limited but if anyone want a VERY simple reliable phone this phone would do the trick.

This is a basic phone without the many bells and whistles offered. I find the selection of usable features to be acceptable. This phone has no special features.

Switched cell provider, that was why I purchased this phone.  Was going to buy a smartphone, but after viewing this phone, decided smartphone not needed. The instruction booklet does not give enough information. Had to search on internet. Finally called T-M for specific instructions. Now the phone works great and it saves $$$ too. No issues with T-M cell connection.

My mistake...needed one that was Bluetooth capable!  This was to be returned but I've phoned the agent to say I accidently sent in the old one from Canada (we've just moved here!)  I told him I didn't mind if it was tossed; the numbers in it have been transferred to my current book.I am waiting for instructions on how to return this one - again!!

excellent phone great for what i need just as described would buy again in a second great deal great phone

Thank you for your prompt mailing of our purchase.  The phone is lovely, and we are making good use of it.Thank you for your good price and the very secure way in which you shipped this item.  God bless.

This is a total POS. the speaker went out after 2 months and the battery life is awful. Some times I got 3 days worth and other 1 day...if that. That is with barely 5 mins talking a day mind you. Now I have a cell phone that can not make or receive calls (since the speaker went out). They will replace it...maybe...if I pay to send it back to them....save your money and don't buy this crap.I went back to my 9 year old motorola phone. The battery on that is MUCH better, the sound is better, and even though the up button doesn't work anymore and the cover screen is broken, it is a much better phone.

And is horrible at reading texts. The menu is uncomplicated but the &#34;programming/software&#34; is painfully bland. When open, it looks like a toy phone.

I bought this phone because my old phone would no longer hold a charge. It looks nice, has good volume and once I inserted my old SIM card the account came up with no issues. The problem is with reception. This phone only gets three bars when I am within sight of the cell tower. When my T-Mobile Android phone has three bars this phone has no service. That is it's most common mode of operation "no service". If it was free it would be too much to pay for a phone that consistently gets no service signal.

I have 2 Android phones. But my Land-line phone need to be ported to a portable cell phone like this. Because I travel a lot I need this 3 contact numbers I need. This phone is perfect as my 3rd phone for emergencies just tucked-in to my purse or bag as (&#34;Pay as You Go to Phone&#34;).... no need to worry if get stolen LOL ;)

It works and appears to be  NSIB, although it is not describe as such. Nothing like a flipback for simplicity.

Perfect phone for a person like me.  I have 5 people, that I can call long distance everyday of the week,and am not charged for those long minutes that swish by.  I am disabled, and having the calendar was a must - I have many appointments that I need to have on hand wherever I go.  Fits easy in my pocket, and it is really all I need.  I don't need any bigger equipment for the things I do.  It is perfect for the simple things I need to use on a cell phone.  I don't want to be tied to the phone for every single thing I do.  If I lost a cell phone, on another bigger and attached to so many personal information, and if I lost it - it would just devastate me.  I try to keep my personal life as personal as I can.  This is a small, simple phone, that can slide into a pair a jeans easily.  I was bought a fancy thing for Christmas and I haven't even taken it out of the box.  I don't need it, nor do I want to spend my life attached to it by my hands, eyes, ears, and brain.  I want to keep up the art of conversation.  A call on a phone is for when I am not at home, and need some help, or quick question answered.  I do not like to see everyone walking or sitting around talking to their friends in this  detached way.  People are losing the art of language and how to have a simple conversation.

I have spent hrs attempting to get this item on line (both by reading the instructions and working with the customer service of T- Mobile).  finally was told to return it but I would have to pay for shipping for a phone I have never been able to use for even 1 call.  Now I can not return it to Amazon.  Never again will I order an electronic of any kind thru the mail!

Bought this phone for my mom. Large buttons makes it easy to dial. FINALLY a Cheap phone that uses micro USB. This phone works fine on a normal &#34;contract&#34; (although not really a contract) family plan line, just threw in the sim card. No reception issues and like all old school small screen phones... Ridiculous battery life compared to smart phones.

I was looking for a basic phone after switching from verizon to t-mobile prepaid.  I'm an engineer, but I love low-tech and don't want a smartphone.On this phone I can barely hear the person I am talking with, even in a quiet room as a previous reviewer said. The menus and buttons are terribly designed also. I don't normally review, but this phone deserved it. I think this is one of those cases where you don't want to get the cheapest option.  I ordered a nokia c2-1 today.

I have wanted a smart phone for a while and I relized after getting this phone that I really don't need one.  This phone isn't like a smartphone really but it's pretty nice for being a flip phone.  The radio feture is amazing excepted you need headphones to listen to it (headphones come with the phone).  The mp3 and micro sd are pretty cool also.  It just looks plain cool too.  It has a really cool design that I like and the display on the front is pretty nice.  I would highly recommened this phone if your looking into flip phones.:)  One of the things that I find kind of wierd about it is that for the "Set Local City" option it has cities from Europe and some other cites from other countries and not that many from the United States but that doesn't really matter, I just find it wierd.  Anyway, AWESOME PHONE!

Has worked nicely for me.  I don't text a lot and not a lot of calls but works very well for me.  Price was right.

I purchased this phone because it doesn't have all the bells and whistles.  I wanted a simple phone that my kids could use without getting into trouble.  It's a little clunky to program, but I probably won't ever change the settings again.

Excelent phone... I really like it . I will purchase another one pretty soon cz is good quality , thank you

worst phone ever, it broke after two days that I got it. it was cheap. never again. worst phone ever

This is a cheap flip phone that is sturdy, works well, and has good sound quality. I got it for my son as a first phone expecting it to die from abuse within the first 6 months, but so far so good. It won't win any beauty contest, but if you need a simple reliable phone, it's recommended.

I bought several of these for $15 a pop when it was on sale on Amazon to give to my parents and one as a spare backup. My parents had large fancy smartphones and it was driving me nuts having to troubleshoot with them every day and constantly having calls rejected, phones stuck on airplane mode, muted volume, dead batteries, deleted contacts, frozen or nonresponsive phones, and a million other things that can go wrong with super fancy technology and old people. These phones were a godsend. There are no volume buttons to accidently mute, no way to butt dial with a clamshell, actual physical buttons to push, no millions of extraneous things that detract from the main calling function. It works well as a phone, with a loud enough ringer, speaker phone, good reception, great battery life, and a durable and tossable body you don't have to worry about baby-ing since it is so cheap you could always get a new one. For the price of one mid-range smartphone, you can get two dozen of these to pass around at your next birthday bash. And in five years time they will still be going strong too, even with dozens of drops and the occasional angry hurling at people's heads.I am actually a smartphone enthusiast and I change my smartphone every six months to the latest and greatest bleeding edge thing. But in-between the downtimes I use this as my temp phone and man is it a breath of fresh air. Something that just WORKS, is no nonsense, and I can just slam on the table without a care. I can take it on bike rides or to the beach. And it never lets me down.

It's not very user friendly. I much prefer the older version of this phone. I don't need a fancy phone but this just seems like they purposely made it less than friendly.

I purchased this phone since it was the lowest prepaid T-Mobile phone I could find.  I needed to port my phone number from my VoIP provider to Google Voice, but Google Voice can only port in mobile phone numbers.  So I ported my number for free from my VoIP provider to this phone, and then to Google Voice for a twenty dollar fee.  I barely used this phone, but for the extremely low price it seemed like a decent phone if you need to keep things simple and inexpensive.  The buttons were nice and large and the screen was fairly easy to read.  The menu navigation was a little weird until you got the hang of it.  It is so amazing how low the price is for this phone, especially since there is no contract.  If you are looking for a very inexpensive prepaid phone, this seems like a great choice.

This is a great phone to use as a phone to leave in the car all the time.  It's bluetooth and does take pics.

This is a great phone for those who want a phone without all the other gadgets that usually come with cell phones. It is small, easy to use, great incoming sound quality and loudness.

i got this phone for my mom because her old one was staring to give out. This was ok but the only thing that was annoying is that every time you would close it or open it it would play a tone

Mom lost her prepaid phone and I finally bought this one to replace it.  Of course within three days after jumping through all the hoops to get her number ported, she finds the old phone.  We'll keep this one since the numbers are bigger than the one she misplaced.

It is an old phone as expected. But when I try calling, ppl hear static and I can barely talk to them.And when listening to music with earphones,  the sound comes out weird when can't do anything about it even with the equalizer.

Got this phone for my dad who has bad vision and struggles with technology. It's the perfect phone for him. We just inserted his SIM card and viola!

Echoing many reviews on this site the menus are setup horribly.  I bought this solely to use up the minutes I had left on my SIM card when my iPhone was dropped in water.  As a cheap replacement until I go to a newer smart phone I wasn't expecting much.  I just wanted it to work in the same way that my old flip phone did 7 years ago.  I wish I had my old phone back.  It has taken me weeks ot figure out how to make the sound turn off when opening and closing the phone.  The texts are enormous and you therefore have to scroll down every couple of words.It's doing it's job for me which is to use up my remaining minutes but I'm looking forward to the day that I get to say goodbye to this paperweight.

I bought this for my grandfather for Christmas so he could have a cell phone when he leaves the house. He is 94. He doesn't want to pay what the phone companies charge for phone plans so he hasn't used it. It looks really nice, came in a nice package with all equipment, SIM card charger, ect. Great buy! Would recommend.

great phone..my dad is very happy...it came in at a great time and I am very impressed by the product

Bought it just for a phone number port. it worked well for that.

got the phone just to make up for my damaged T-Mobile phone before I had even heard of this phone I asked about the phone& if it would work in Puerto Rico  he said it would work as Puerto Rico was on their map well gambled & lost no bars NADA had to wind up bumming a friends AT&T  go phone for the time there lesson learnt since I got back everything from dropped calls to missed messages have plagued this phone you might have better luck with it than I did buyer BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Easy to use and perfect for my dad. He was looking for a simple phone and this phonebmet our expectation.

Works fine for a cheap replacement phone.

I purchsed this phone as a replacement phone for my mother who could care less about a smart phone.  It works wonderfully for her.  The buttoms are easy to read, set up was easy and it works just like her other phone which means it was a good purchase

Small size is easily pocketed while the nice big keypad is much appreciated.  Deducted one star due to the less than stellar sound from the earpiece.  The sound is plenty loud but is just a little bit scratchy.  Overall best new flip phone we could find.  There are other older flip phones out there but they were just too big and bulky.  This handset is of a very handy size.  Not bad at all if looking for a non-smartphone to stay in touch with.  So far the T-Mobil service has been very good.  Can talk anywhere that folks using ATT or Verison can.

Had the impression phone was unlock, but wrong.  It can only used with t mobile.  I had already send oversea.  Complete waste of money.

I chose this phone because I like a more basic phone but wanted to be able to email photos.  The description on Amazon said you could do this  but I am sadly still unable to get this feature to work and the camera takes less than brilliant photos.  I also do not care for the fact that you can not choose different ring tones and the tools and setting on the phone are extremely non-intuitive and hard to navigate. What do you expect from cheap phone though?  I do like the hands free option though.  When the phone is being used in loudspeaker mode, the person on the other end is very clear to me and they hear me clearly.  I know some phones have terrible handsfree sound.  Overall, it is a basic phone that gets the job done.  No frills.

Great small little clunker; I needed a phone for some relative visiting for the holidays; and this will do the job.The phone is nice and is easy to use; has few buttons so there is no confusion, and even has a camera and a radio; other than of course sending SMS and making phone calls.Easy to use; kid proof, has camera and radio and is a pay as you go, so can't ask more. Good for when you get relatives from out of town and wanna give them a phone to call while they are in the area.

I bought this for my husband, and he is quite happy with it.  It's smaller and lighter than his previous phone, which means he worries about leaving it in his pocket and thus putting it in the laundry accidentally.  It's a good basic phone.

I got this simple phone for an elder person. I've and seen and used other basic phones, but I don't like this phone. 1. the phone has no volume control.2. the keys are flat making it difficult to press what you want to.3. the caller names that appear on the backlit screen is tiny.4. in order to set a photo to as a caller ID, you've to shoot at a lower resolution, otherwise you'll get an error saying "file too big."5. there's a blink sound when you flip open and close the phone, and there's no way to turn it off.6. the phone wouldn't recognize the sim card the first time I inserted it, it works after 2 tries reinserting the card.7. pressing the "down" key doesn't get you to the phone book.

The reason why I got this is phone because we use our cell phone is used so very little and it does not make any sense for us to pay $50+ a month for a plan we hardly use. TMobile is the only carrier left anymore that you can have a yearly voice only plan, so we always get the $100 for 1000 minutes which averages around $8.33 a month which covers us for a a full year. What is nice their is no tax and with a monthly plan you will pay about 20% tax on your bill a month.So if are looking for a rock bottom cell phone voice only plan this is the one I would recommend. You can't get a plan any cheaper.

nice phone really works well easy access flip feature is great would buy this again and tell a friend to purchase also

I do not like the address book or the calendar.Both of these were better in my old nokia phone.

I bought this phone to replace my ancient but fabulous Tmobile V360 flip phone that took an unfortunate bath in my coffee.  Still really bummed about that since flip phones these days are crap.  You would think they would have gotten better, but my almost decade old phone was irreplaceable it seems.Like many other reviewers I found that this particular phone has a very convoluted menu and just like others experienced, it died within days of arrival.  The phone quit charging and would only sometimes flicker on when plugged in, but never actually charge up.  I really wish I'd heeded the other reviewers warnings.After this phone I got so frustrated trying to find an adequate replacement and sick of having no cellphone that I broke down and bought an iPhone through Verizon.  I'd been holding out, trying to avoid the contract and keep my bill down, but I am very happy now with my choice to upgrade.Whether you can upgrade or not, please DON'T waste your money or time on this particular phone!!!  You'd be better off buying an old V360 off eBay if you can find it.I will give a positive review to Amazon since they quickly responded to my return-refund request, though I'd recommend to them to stop selling this device.  It obviously has a bad track record!

Extremely light and cheap feel - even for this style of phone. It is not company branded but is designed by Alcatel. Call volume is extremely low and not audible even in a quiet bedroom, so forget it when you are outside. Returned the item and went back to a Samsung flip phone.

The phone is good as i expected. It is a good deal between the price and the quality. It a good present.

This may not be the worst cell phone I have ever owned but it is among the worst 3. I have the sound turned all the way up and have it on the out door setting. I can't hear it ring and I can't hear anything but mumbling in the headphone. The first phone would not activate. The second phone took 100 minutes on the phone to Tmobile to get it working. That's 100 minutes on my other cell phone as this one wouldn't activate. Absolutely one of the worst cell phones I have ever purchased. Won't make that mistake again. Advise you look for another phone as I would never recommend this thing to anybody.

not what i thought it would be so i would say not to buy this phone i send mine back no were on the side of the phone so you can turn your ringer down

was looking for a cheap phone with enough activation time so I could port a Landline number to Mobile first then Google voice.

this product serves it's purpose as a replacement phone. was pretty cheap and has big numbers for people with bad eyesight.

No volume rocker. Can only change volume by digging around in the profiles. Meant to use this as a basic phone but returned it. Cell phone makers have made their basic phones almost unusable in the hope that everyone will get a smart phone. And I'm writing this as someone in their 20s who works with tech for a living. This is horrible even as a basic phone

I gave it to someone as a gift loved it. Just wanted a simple phone easy to work fit the bill.

A basic flip phone with extra large numbers - this is great for the seniors who just want a simple flip phone.  Price was good.  Great value all around.

I agree with the other reviewers about the phone manual (worthless) and not being intuitive. But I still give it 4 stars:-It is a nice lightweight clamshell, big buttons (lighted). There are not many clamshells these days.-It places calls and receives them !-You can put a big microsd card and have portable storage-It has a camera that does also video, you can use the pics for emergencies (yes, pics as fuzzy, don't use them for photo contests)-FM radio, Bluetooth-Decent mp3 player (would prefer it to be louder, like stated in other reviews)At the current price I consider it a bargain.

Cheap and works!!! Saved me a bunch of money for a simple flip phone. I just added a line to my family plan and didn't have to pay any additional T-Mobile fees.

I actually order this phone for my dad and so far he haven't say anything bad about it. The qaulity is nice and the sound is pretty loud

Please i bought 2 tmobile t 665 phones one is excellent and the other one is not working properly plus on the main screen outside it is poped up like it was damaged. Im totaly disappointed about that and i have no time for returning and go back to shipping co as i have to travel soon. Give a selution

The phone is not worth the money.  There are so many things wrong with it, I don't want to spend the time explaining.  Just don't.

Main plus: if your kid loses it, you don't shed any tears. Keeps them in touch without turning them into mindless automatons.

The good:  This phone works and it is cheap.  The battery life is good and I get a good signal.  No complaints about the sound quality.The bad:  Buttons feel cheap.  The outer shell of the phone feels cheap.  The user interface for almost everything is poor.  Typing texts is just awful.  The layout is different than other samsung phones I've had before.  It is way too easy to switch modes from predictive text to a different mode.  The predictive text dictionary is ABYSMAL (and I guarantee you that word is not in the phone's dictionary even though I haven't tried it.  Even the most simple things, like I could not ask somebody to pick up a screw at the hardware store, not even risque stuff but everyday words require a lot of effort to edit before I can send.  The camera is pointless  but that's to be expected with a phone this cheap.  If you never do texting this phone could be OK.

Texting on this thing is not fun.  The menu system is sub-optimal.  So is changing the volume of the ringer.Other than that, it's a phone.  It makes and receives calls.

I got this phone 4 months ago.  Total pain in the butt.  Texting is a pain.  Terrible sound.  And the speaker broke the other day, so now I can't hear people when they call.  Crappy phone.

My mom do not text, dont use internet and I found this phone perfect for seniors....The screen is a good size and the numbers are big.

After one day, I had to stop using this phone and go back to another standby phone. The sound quality was terrible. I wasted my money on this one.

This is the perfect phone for my husband, who I bought it for. He is not very up-to-date on new technology and didn't want all the gadgets. It is working out perfect for him. Very good phone for the money.

Love it, easy to use, very light, music and small size, camera, it meet my need and I like it.

I was very disappointed with this phone.  It didn't even have a setting where youcould select your preferred ring tone.  Very cheap phone.  Not user friendly.Would not recommend it.

The price is great if it works but problems for technical support is a sad situation. After 4 replaced phones I found the solution to 2 problems but T-Mobile and Samsung do not have a way to receive those solutions. Their communication system is very sad. The level of competence is depressing.

This phone is of sub- standard quality. Cheaply made. T-Mobile would not allow transfer of number to this phone for reasons unknown. Product was less than expected. Phone was returned.

I like the phone, has a dual head set to use for talking or for the radio. Still trying to figure out how it get the phone book into my car phone apparatus.  It does a lot of different things, so far I haven't figured out how to use most of them. But I got it for calling my long distance family and friends, for that it works great.

I chose this phone because I don't use my phone much and did not like the touch screen of my last 2 phones. I wanted to be able to just open the phone and answer without a two step process. I did achieve that. But being a cheap phone it does have its issues. It is not very user friendly. I hope to be able to work around it soon. The icons and menu are confusing and some of the language is peculiar. It will take studying the manual for a while to grasp it. It only comes with one ring tone that doesn't ring for very long and the sim card was hard to install. It was not where the instruction manual showed it to be. I could go on, but you get the picture.

For an inexpensive cell phone this one has a lot of features.  Unfortunately, the menu system is overly complicated and the user manual is the worst I've experienced.  It is not user-friendly to set up in that it requires extensive menu-surfing.  Still not bad for the price.*The following is my revised review:Two weeks after my above comments, more information has been obtained - no thanks to T-Mobile. The manual provided in the box from a T-Mobile store did not match the TO 665 cell phone menu system.  A "Getting Started" guide was not included and should have been.  It is available as a PDF download at the T-Mobile web site support link.  The OT 665 User Manual is also available as a PDF download at the T-Mobile site but doesn't match the phone's menu system either.For the correct User Manual, got to the Alcatel web site support link for the OT 665 phone.  The web site is: ALCATELONETOUCH.COM/USA.  Click SUPPORT, click DOWNLOAD then select the One Touch 665.  The next screen will provide the download links for the correct User Manual and the Quick User Guide.  Also available for download is the Alcatel PC Suite V.7.0.36 which allows PC management of the phone's contacts and multimedia content.  A USB data cable is necessary and the driver software is included as part of the Suite's PC installation.Even though it may display the T-Mobile name of the front of the phone, it is an Alcatel product and that's where we need to go for the proper support.T-Mobile 665 Prepaid Phone (T-Mobile)

photo quality is poor, and talk response is stratchey.  Volume on product is poor and key pad is small. Needs to be larger

This was a phone for my wife. She is adverse to smart phones and has never even learned how to use the camera on her phones. When her old phone broke we went to a t-mobile authorized reseller and tried replacing it with a cheap flip phone (all she needs). There was a lot of hassle and they refused to sell us this phone (which was already about twice the price listed here) until they added on services and signed us up. They tried to tell us we couldn't get this phone for less the $110 after they did the minimum signup they said it required. While standing there waiting for them to figure out their own system, I used my smart phone to pull up reviews. Amazon came up, I saw the price, and shut down the sale right then and there.This phone came in, I charged it, swapped in the sim card from her dying phone, and it just worked. Good cheap replacement phone. Only reason it is getting four instead of five stars is that it isn't all the great a phone. However, it works, and it met her needs, so... four stars.

**UPDATED--FINALLY got a replacement (there was a good deal of unnecessary pain involved there, but T-Mobile DID finally come through). The replacement WORKS VERY WELL with NO PROBLEMS. I added a star to my rating. If I'd gotten this phone first, I'd probably have given the phone 4 stars. But, primarily because of my very poor customer service experience, I'm leaving it as a 3-star rating.This review is NOT about Amazon service. It's about the T-Mobile/Alcatel 665 phone and T-Mobile service. I did NOT buy this phone from Amazon. I bought it directly from T-Mobile.On the good side (yes, there is a good side to this phone):1. Very light and portable2. Great MP3 player3. Nifty FM radio w/decent receptionDOWNSIDES:1. DROPPED CALLS--I mean ALL THE TIME. I've been a T-Mobile customer for well over a decade. There are currently 4 T-Mobile users in my household. None of my previous phones (for the past 7 years or so, anyway) EVER dropped calls--not once. The other, non-665 T-Mobile users, NEVER experience dropped calls. My phone--this 665--drops calls w/absolutely no warning. I show full bars--all the time--then...BANG...dropped call. More on this in a minute.2. Ridiculous, Inconvenient UI/Menu system. Certainly the worst visual UI I've worked with on a phone. I STILL can't even find where to check my phone log. If this is there, it is NOT on the first level of menus.3. Output volume. Despite my praise for the MP3 player, the amplitude out of the headphone jack is so small that the only device I've tried that is usable is the earbud system that came with the phone. These are okay, but if you lose these or they break, then you'll have to find a direct replacement. I've tried four other earbuds and headsets and the output volume is unacceptably low for all three of these.-T-MOBILE SERVICE for this phone -- NEGATIVE 2 Stars...TERRIBLEI bought this phone at the T-Mobile store in Issaquah WA. 2 weeks after I bought this phone, I took it in because of the dropped calls. They replaced the ancient SIM card, which I'd installed from my 6-year-old 2G T-Mobile Samsung. That seemed reasonable. They assured me they'd never had problems with this phone and that this would for sure fix the dropped call problems. I gave it another couple of weeks. BAD MOVE. When I returned, apparently I'd just gone over the 30-day mark and T-Mobile wanted $20 before giving me another phone. Sheesh. This policy was verified and stipulated by the local T-Mobile manager and the central T-Mobile support group. This is an absurdly consumer-hostile attitude.Just a warning to all.

I went from Verizon as my cell provider because I am retired.  This cell phone is basic, but that is fine.  My only issue with this phone is that it dies very quickly.  I am not sure if the battery in this phone is that good.  Other than that, it works!

This phone just does not know how to send text messengers.  I does not pick up signals like other phone does.  I will summe it up I it not user frienld.  I do like the features of when I am using the phone I am abble to hear and speak into more reddley.

The phone arrived in a timely manner. It is easy to read if you have a problem with small numbers and very good for my student.

Every phone takes a little getting used to.  It was a gift for my father and he needs something with a larger key pad.

Good points are the price, ease of diallng and quality of mic and speaker.  What is less impressive is that bluetooth drops frequently - although the same could be said of phones costing 10x this one, and the FM radio only works with the provided headset - which was very frustrating since I bought this to plug into speakers

In general, seems like a decent phone, nice large buttons, love that it uses a standard micro-usb charger,but unable to use it for bluetooth calling due to the call getting cut off whenever the lid is closed,other flip phones I have do NOT do that, and there appears to be no option to prevent it.  If you don't usea bluetooth headset, and have no plans to, the phone is otherwise very good for the price.

I purchased this phone for my Mom because she had minutes left on her old TMobile phone that the company said she could transfer her minutes from to this phone.  This phone did not allow her to do that...it required a plan....that's not the way I interpreted the advertisement or description, so back it went!  If she wanted to be on a plan, she could have (and did) get on my Verizon plan.

I had an android smart phone and was tired of the large size of it.  This flip phone is just what I was looking for.  It is small enough to fit in my front pocket and I hardly even feel it there.  It is easy to use, number pad is great.  It has just the right amount of features, I don't need anything high tech anymore.

So, I got sick and tired of replacing the Smart phones which I like but the screens break..The screens or keyboards of these smart phones break easily, which poses the question, should your cell phone be smart or strong ??This Alcatel OT665A, branded by T-Mobile at T665 are great. Add to that the fact I only paid $22.00 for it. It might not be a Smart phone, but it sure is INTELLIGENT and Strong. It handles the phone conversations well and plays FM Radio and MP3 music plus a ton of other intertainment things. If you need a reliable phone and reliable cell phone company, then the T-Mobile T665 is an excellent option. The fact that it's a Flip Phone is a huge advantage because it eliminates the pocket dialing and screen keyboard keypad breakage. The Camera on it is good and transfering file via it TF Card (Micro SD Card) is good. Though to probably want to not so much play with the TF Card too much. I love this phone.

This was purchased for a valentines gift.  Great price for a great gift that is used on a daily basis.  He was pleased.

For a flip phone it's very small, smaller than normal,it has very basic features and the sound quality is a bit muffled, if you signup without a refill card do not use your debit card. I suggest you activate but skip adding funds until after your account is created,and use a store bought refill card. I used my debit card during the signup process to add funds and had to call the refill center and answer crazy questions about my identity. I also suggest pay as you go. I bought 1 years service and 1000 minutes for 100 dollars.

I needed a temporary phone and this one had all my basic functions I needed for a very cheap price.

For years I had been using a Motorola cell phone just for talk only.  The phone eventually became too old and the battery was dying.  I needed a simple cell without all the bells and whistles, and didn't plan to pay much.After months of searching, I found this one.  Although the reviews were mixed, I felt that I had no choice but to give it a try.The phone arrived in a timely matter.  I was happy to find out that it was pleasantly light in weight with extremely large buttons that were easy to use even for my very challenged vision.Although the entire body is made of cheap plastic, that's the reason for its light weight.  Hence, I'm not going to complain about the material.  The address book is honestly not user friendly, and I am still struggling to familiarize myself with the settings.  For these reasons, I deduct one point.Can't go wrong with this $22 basic phone if all you need is a talking phone.  Give it a try!

Says it works in my area but that is a lie!!  Can not make any call with this phone... It is basically garbage

This is a phone with big numbers and is ideal for an older person. I bought it for my dad and he loves it.  It also has blue tooth functionality but his car does not have Bluetooth built in.  If yours does and you want a simple, easy, good audibility phone  this is it.

it was just the phone i wanted.simple feature easy to use and not that expensive,AWESOME.thanks for getting to me in a timely manner.

This was purchased for my mother in law, who barely uses her phone. After only a month, the phone literally fell apart in her hands.  It was never dropped or received any heavy use.  Completely useless!

She's happy. A smartphone wasn't for her. Glad to know these are still around.

very bad product

I got this for a gift for my mother in law. It worked for about one week. You could hear caller but they could not hear you.

I put in the sim card from my old tmobile phone.  So far so good, contact information showed up right away.I try to send a TEXT message to two friends that are on AT&T;, I get &#34;Invalid Recipient&#34;.  Try to send a text to my wife who is on Varison and you got it, &#34;Invalid Recipient.  I CAN send a text to my self.I called tmobile customer support and they have no clue.  I get the &#34;Go to a T-Mobile store and have them look at it&#34; answer from themAnother annoyance is when I type in a word in the text message screen, if I do not follow it with a space, it changes the word to numbers.  I have NEVER had a phone do that to me!!!This thing is going back and I am wondering if my $30 a month plan for 1500 text/minutes is worth this hassle.Lance
