
i love it just wish i had gotten higher gb so i could download more. but wouldnt trade it. :)

This 8 gb iPhone is absolutely magnificent in its design and seemingly infinite features. The phone is durable, but I still recommend getting a protective covering for a modest sum of money to protect your investment. This iPhone has everything one needs to navigate through their daily lives at a time of fast-paced living. It's surreal that something so small can do so much. The best part is the extremely user-friendly interface that makes owning one of these phones a very attractive endeavor instead of a nightmare. The jury is still out as to whether 8 gb is enough for me, but it seems to be as of the moment. I recommend the iPhone 4 for all of your daily activities all in the palm of your hand.

I ordered the iphone 4 and it said clean ESN but when I received the phone it already had a number. I could call and text from this person's number that wasn't even mine. I sent the phone back over a month ago and still have not received a refund! Don't waste your time.

This phone is amazing.  Don't listen if other people are saying bad things which idk how they would.  It works perfect and that's all you need.

I absolutely love the iphone. I was one of those people who wanted to stick to a basic dumbphone forever and the iphone changed my entire view on technology making everything so much simpler and fun

I ALWAYS LOVED THE I PHONE IT DOES EVERYTHING I NEED IT TO DO! NO MORE TRYING TO FIND OUT HOW WILL I DO THIS AND THAT!

The iPhone 4 was great when it came out. It's a new world now, and iOS 7 and current apps are just too slow on this phone. Don't waste your money.

I was a first time owner of a smartphone.....which I promptly lost inside of 2 months.  It had been a free upgrade from Verizon.  Replacing it was going to be expensive but I tried Amazon and got a good deal.  It was in good shape and its only missing part was the earbuds, which I still was in possession of.  A very good shopping experience!

Do not buy phones from Pure Mobility, I ordered the I phone from them, it said unlocked and when I received it, the phone was locked. I tried talking to them they wanted to charge me $54 buck plus shipping to return the phone, what a rip off. Please be sure to check the company you are buying from, check the BBB. Pure Mobility customer service was the worst I have ever dealt with.

I used the retractable vehicle charge once & it didn't retract.  So I was disappointed in it.  Other than not retracting it worked fine.

i have always loved iphones but this one freezes alot oh and it shocks me when i charge it the port in the phone is broke or something cuz everytime i charge it i see sparks no good

I love my iphone. It works with all my apps. However, the 8 GB is a little too small and I find myself doing alot of deleting. It also has some panic moments where the background goes black and it starts shaking like I am deleting something.

This is not a new phone or a refurbished phone -It is a JUNK phone! But Amazon is the greatest for returns 5 stars for Amazon and a big zero for Barnyard or whatever the junk dealers name is.

Product in good condition. No problems with setting phone up with verizon. Arrived in timely fashion. Only issue was the charger for phone didn't work.

I have owned a few different makes of phones: blackberry, droid, motorola, etc... and I have enjoyed all of them. Being a creature of habit, however, drove me to the iPhone. I use itunes almost exclusively and I am unwilling to change the medium upon witch I have become comfortable and in which my music/movie library resides. The other phones could not access my music library in a way that I could master, so I decided to purchase an iPhone. Best decision I could have made. The phone does everything I need it to do, probably more.

The title of this product says "Apple iPhone VERIZON" when in fact, it is an AT&T; phone.It would not let me activate this product for my verizon account because it had no simcard. That is when I realized that Verizon iPhones do not require a sim card. I proceededto look up how to activate it for Verizon and found out I can not because it is an AT&T;product. I am extremely disappointed and I am returning this. I expect a full refund.

A brand new phone in original packaging. This was a replacement phone bought instead of getting a &#34;free&#34; one through Verizon. Fast shipping!

I had to buy my son another phone I was so happy that I got a good deal on this phone and the phone had no scratches or dings

This company is a great one, and so very helpful with any questions I had. The phone was exactly what I expected and works perfectly.

This phone was awesome a lot more then I expected! It was a good price and the condition was like brand new,it was my first Iphone so I really did not know how to set it up,the sellers were so helpful and exceptionaly nice! Great phone,great dealers!

Amazing product just as described,  I would advise anyone to purchase this product you will not be disappointed! Thank you

Great phone, my daughter loves it. I'm protecting it with an OtterBox.  Holds a charge very well.  Came in box, brand new.

I ordered this iPhone 4 refurbished. It was supposed to be like brand new. When I got it the sensor light didn't work and every time you put it in speaker turning a phone call the person on the other line can't hear you. Bad quality. You can't make videos because you can't hear anything when you play back. Highly disappointed with product and service. The phone was cheap and to high priced for a pos that didn't work.

Phone looks good and seems to work well. Im satisfied with how quickly it arrived. Definitely a good investment for me.

I'm glad to have the iPhone4 now and that I can take my Pandora and iheart radio with me wherever I go!! Nice clear sound quality on both music and talking and I love the facetime to keep people better connected. Now I just want to wait and see what happens with the new IOS 6 lineup!!

Very nice seller and the phone is perfect.

brougth this phone for my son he loves it and it works well once hook wits provider verizon will recommend buying used and re furbish phone are not so bad...

It did not work in Europe and I did not know it before I bought. The shop returned me the money without any problem. Thanks for the help.

love my new phone. there was a small knick on the top of it but nothing that will bother me besides that it is fantastic and works great. i would recommend it to anyone.

I heard a lot of things about Iphones, and now I know how great they can be.  The camera could be better.

Wow, wasn't I surprised to receive this great looking phone for my son for Christmas only to discover it's a lost/stolen item that I cannot activate.

Hi, I live in venezuela and I want to know, this phone is GSM ?This phone is unlocked????Bye bye

We had to return the phones because they would not work wth our provider and the gentleman Daniel was fabulous to us and helped us greatly thank you.  We will shop with them again

The quality of the iPhone is good, but I dislike the version of IOS and the condition about it, so when considerating the similar iPhone, you should know that before you decide to buy it.

no sim and the standby time is too shortoh yenot very wellApple iPhone 4 8GB (Black) - Verizon

The phone seems to work good.  I didn't give it 5 stars because the charger plug at the phone CAUGHT ON FIRE when we plugged it in within 20 minutes. Luckily we were in the room and caught it before the house burned down.  Got a new charger locally,and it worked fine.

Great phone, works great, looks like new, easy to set up, came with all the paperwork, an earphone, and the original box.

The phone came to me better than expected. it also came with extra accessories that i didn't know about. The shipment was on time too. Thanks for a good deal. I will recommend you.

The phone is better than I expected and my son absolutely loves it! I'm thinking of purchasing another one for myself!

Very disappointed with this phone! The seller stated this phone was in &#34;good working condition&#34;, but when I received it, the power button was jammed down in the phone. I contacted the seller and he stated that he still considered this &#34;good working condition&#34;. What a joke!! I paid $116.00 for a piece of crap!!!!! I will never ever purchase from this seller or recommend him to anyone!!

But did not know that I couldn't use it Verizon doesn't have a sim card These people were great and I was able to return it .I would buy from them again.Thanks Brian

This item is in great condition. It does have few scratched in the corners as described but it's like new otherwise.

Got this to replace son's damaged phone. Alittle pricey but better than buying a new one through Verizon. Phone came as advertised with quick delievery.

the description was correct word from word...not many scratches and works very well no problems whatsoever. I love my iphone.

Phone was in great condition, I recieved it on time had no problem setting it up with my service provider. Better than I expected. I love love love it

I received the item in excellent condition, got it activated with no problems.  My daughter is very excited about owning her new iPhone.

When the phone arrived I took it to my local Verizon dealer and they set it up with no problems. I had no problems at all and my maintenance guy loves it.

I bought this phone used from "recellulartoo"It came in perfect condition. I expected some scratches and wear but it works perfectly and looks brand new, I'd recommend them and this phone

I was sent a sprint i phone not a verizon. couldnt get it to work through verizon. Lost money on the trade in.

I don't like the apple phone, cant wait to April to go back to android. I like the programs that android has better.

I bought for my son for Christmas and it arrived and looked and worked like new and my son loves his phone!

Hi, I live in Venezuela and I want to know if the Apple iPhone 4 8GB - Verizon is unlocked? thanks

This is my first APPLE ANYTHING!!! Not only did it come waaaaaaaaaaaaay before I was expecting it to but it came just as it said it would......BRAND SPANKIN' NEW!!! I love it!! Order from this website because it is amazing!!

First of all in the description it said that it was in perfect condition, the top button did not work!!!!

This 8 GB model is just right for my personal needs.  It has all the apps that I want - weather and GPS for fishing, hunting & travel, and the ability to text, email, and call.  I've already taken two dozen photos and a couple of videos.  My son got this as an early Father's Day gift so that we can stay in touch.  GREAT GIFT!

Came in super fast and worked absolutely great. No complaints about this! It was easy to connect to my company and I had no problem with it

I had an Iphone 4 before this one and it was great! I had it for about a year and then I dropped it. I needed a replacement phone and this seemed to be my best bet. The product claimed to be factory new. I had it working for a little over a month with a few hiccups which is usually normal with any phone. However, this one progressively got worse. It would shut its self off in the middle of calls, texts, apps, ect. Finally the phone shut its self off and would not turn back on. I fallowed all trouble shooting from apple and nothing worked. Today, I took it to Verizon (my wireless provider) and they told me that the phone was in fact refurbished, the battery was put in wrong and had started to corrode. They said it was fixable, but only for a hefty price. Needless to say, this is probably the worst thing I have ever bought and probably the worst company I have ever bought from. Please, I know it is cheap, but you could definitely do better else where!

Met all my expectations!  After I broke my other Iphone 4, I was able to purchase another new one from Amazon for a reasonable price.  I had no problem getting it activated with my provider Verizon.  Everything was back to normal. Very happy I went to Amazon to buy this phone which would have cost me a fortune with my provider.  I saved a lot of money.  Very, very happy!  Thank you Amazon!

I purchased this for my son. He loves it. It was easy to learn and operate, plus it easily fits in his pocket.

What I received is a refurbished 8GB CDMA phone without a SIM card slot. The box the phone was in isn't even an 8GB phone box, they just slapped a sticker over a 16GB phone box and tried to tell me the phone is new. Whatever.

i really like this iphone 4 it works perfectly fine no problems or anything and for a good price .recommend to any one  :)

The phone is in excellent condition, and it works great! This is my first iPhone and the experience has been the greatest.This phone gets my highest rating and is definitely recommended from this seller!

This Iphone came in the original packaging and it was as described NEW! Activation was very easy. And I am using Verizon Pre-Paid. Awesome Seller

when all is said and done it is an okay thing except that the lock button is broken and it came without a charger

This is my first Apple product I have ever personally owned. I come from a family that has at least 2 Apple products in their possession but I always steered away from them.They seem too common and very popular, I always wanted to stick out with something different but I ended up with this phone. And the reason why is because it was free, why not?After I received it, I opened it up and the device is beautifully crafted. I was impressed but not extremely wowed because I'm already familiar with them and the layout.Like all Apple products the iOS is very fluid and easy to learn and master in seconds. It's very nice but it's outdated. I believe it's nice to keep a good layout but I believe the same OS does get old since it follows the exact same initiative the first generation iPod touch had. But again it works, it's reliable, and easy to use.People seem to shoot for huge phones that are light in the hand and has the biggest screen.Not in my case. I love the iPhone's screen size. Bigger is not always the best. In fact I love this screen over other competing phones. The Samsung Galaxy SIII has a huge screen but why? I understand its easier to play games but its not convenient the iPhones screen is big enough to display a lot but be portable as well.I have more coverage with the iPhones screen. I can touch anywhere on the screen with my thumb without any discomfort. I can use the phone completely with one hand and one thumb. The galaxy's screen is too big and you have to hold in two hands for the most comfortable coverage.  And if i wanna watch movies I'd get my laptop or vita to watch videos. I don't like watching full movies on cell phones anyways. It's a waste of battery when you can watch it on a full size tv. Bigger screen can be an inconvenience and is really just for bragging rights.The iPhone 4 has some weight. But I like a heavier phone it feels like a nicely crafted unit. Not light plastic but not cheap glass either. It is the perfect weight although the glass finish makes it slippery in the hand. Nothing a good case can't fix. And with such an investment go ahead and protect it. With either an otterbox defender or a griffin survivor some of my favorites.The battery life is decent depending on what you use it for. Text and calling only it lasts a day. Or if you're like me and play games, watch YouTube videos with your friends, and text frequently it dies within a day. So it decent.Overall I'd give this phone a 5/5

It was locked an does not have sim card option. I returned and have being refund. I will never order an item with just unlocked. I will pay attention. I was de-appointed.

This has been a great device so far, screen, speed, and music has been so excellent.love it love it alot.

Phone was exactly as described, shipped on time, and I was surprised when I saw a free otter box was shipped with it. What more can you ask for?

The seller was totally on top of things with this product! I was worried that the ESN number wouldn't work but it totally did! it was brand spanking new! AND I got it sooner than the delivery date!! the best experience I've had on amazon so far!!

I gave this product 5 stars because I absolutely love it. It was in practically new condition. I would recommend it to everyone.

daughter loved this phone for the month and a half she had it before breaking it accidently, worked great, looked excellent for a refurbished phone

Exactly what I wanted! Better than using my insurance to get the same old phone. Easy to use+ meets all my needs.

Love this phone so far! Have not had ANY problems what-so-ever! Turned right on when I got the package and even got my phone earlier than I was expecting. VERY GREAT SELLER and would recommend to friends and family!

I got this iPhone in the mail a few days ago and it was packaged amazingly. It was wrapped very well in bubble wrap. They also sent me a brand new charger. The phone sometimes glitches but only for a few milliseconds and doesn't bother me at all. I haven't gotten my iPhone activated yet but will do so in a few days. The condition of the phone from the outside is great! It looks brand new right of the original packaging. I was so excited when I say that. I bought my iPhone from  IPADS & PC TABLETS. They have 4.7/5 stars and I highly recommend buying from them. There prices are great and you get great quality products for your money.

Purchased a refurbished iPhone4 8GB Verizon for my daughter who had broken her previous one. I purchased this item, specifically, through Amazon fulfillment to eliminate any drama if problems were encountered.IT WAS NOT PROFESSIONALLY REFURBISHED AS OUTLINED IN AMAZON'S STANDARDS AND PRACTICES, NOR MINE.Upon arrival, first indication, the phone was packaged poorly, the iPhone was free-floating within its box. I inspected the metal casing and the photo optic sensor. The metal casing showed serious signs of wear and abuse, especially the right front corner, adjacent to the optical sensor and flash on the opposite side. The photo sensor was out of alignment with the lens. I didn't even bother to examine front and back glass.RETURNED.Given the reviews in this string, outlining intentional disinformation, dealing with lost and/or stolen iPhones which cannot be activated, etc, I'm very surprised Amazon allows this vendor to continue to abuse their clientele.I would not deal with this firm as you run the risk of being ripped off, subjected to verbal abuse, as described by other buyers.

I brought it for my 15yr old daughter she hasn't put it down since it came in the mail. lol

*Update*iOS 7.0.4 has made this iPhone 4 act like my old Motorola Droid X, which means it's giving me a head ache.  It doesn't do want I want it to do.  I have to jailbreak it to make it work normally again... once I jailbreak it though.iOS 7.0.4I CAN'T TURN OFF ANYTHING ANY MORE!I can't upload music into this phone anymore via iTunes. When I TRY, it leaves my phone hanging on "waiting for changes to..."I can't sync it to iCloud without having a pop-up message telling me to put in my password to an individual email account.I can't go to the app store and download an app without telling me it can't download and install the app at this time. The only way to do this is go back to the app store in my phone and RE-DOWNLOAD the same app.I can't restore everything from the iCloud when I do a "factory reset" AKA "Erase All Content and Settings" like before.When I need to take a quick photo of something, there is now a pause for my phone to open it on.I have to constantly turn off background apps even though they're not truly on. They basically require another load as if you're loading them for the first time.*Before iOS7Apple will take advantage for your phone's free hard drive space to download the latest firmware update without your knowledge. It will take up space until you allow for the change. Until then, you're out of luck with your free space.Never trusting Apple again. I'm jumping back to Android. This is ridiculous.*Original Review before iOS 7*I decided to jump off the Android wagon when I was having a hard time with my Droid X and another Droid Motorola makes.  Though I enjoyed its use, the problems with it was too much to ignore. Bad Wifi connection, the constant lag/freezing/auto-reboot, and camera problems were just so annoying.  So I got this and was surprised, since both the Droid X and iPhone 4 came out the same time.Wifi:The iPhone 4 had better Wifi connection and speeds.  I did a test run on both at the same time using the same router and same app, and notice that the Droid X was much slower.  Also, the Droid X stop downloading after a short time versus the iPhone 4, where I could finish a whole movie from Netflix without any connection issues.  The Droid X would show that it's connected, but nothing would be downloading.Battery:The battery life about the same.  But, since I've only had the iPhone 4 for a month now, I hope it last longer than the Droid X where it barely lasted 2 hours of use.  The good part for the Droid is that the battery could be replaced easily.Both phones seems to have crash issues for me.  But apps crashed less on the iPhone 4 than on the Droid X.Notification:The annoying thing about the iPhone 4 versus the Droid X is the notifications.  If you get a call or message, you have to turn on the iPhone's screen to see.  You could have it blink the flash behind the iPhone to go on and off when someone sends a message or calls, but it only happens in a short time and then the only way to know if someone sent you message or called you is turning the screen on.  On my Droid X, a blinking light on the top would tell me if I missed a message, call, and if the battery was low.  And on the notification bar on the Droid X was much better.  It told more info on what was being notified, and you can easily erase the messages.  On the iPhone 4, the notification bar was basically bleak on information, and an annoying red dot with numbers would appear on the apps.  The only way to erase the red dot is going into that app.  Sometimes, it still wouldn't erase the problem.Customization:I guess I was spoiled after going from an Android to an iPhone.  Unless you jailbreak the iPhone 4, you're not getting much.  The looks is boring.  It's basically the app draw on an Android.  At least the Droid X had some short-cut widgets that was available than having to go to the settings menu and it's sub-menus to do what you want.  On the Droid X, I could turn on and off the wifi, rotation, sound, airplane mode, etc.  I never thought it would be missed until I got my iPhone 4.  GIF and videos can't be live wallpaper nor the phone can't automatically change backgrounds by itself like it did on the Droid.Size:Like the customization, I miss the bigger screen.  Playing games on the iPhone 4 is so much better, but enjoying all of the games on iTunes is limited... for me.  Also, using the GPS is hilarious on the small screen than on the Droid X.  I've been using NavFree which lets me download maps and has an actual GPS that works.  I've never had a problem with it though some people are asking too much for a free app that can work without any data.  The only problem is the traffic, which doesn't show unless you pay for it.Firmware:Hate it on the iPhone 4.  It takes too much space and it constantly reminds me to update.  It even download's itself on to my iPhone 4 with out my permission.  At least, it doesn't install by it's self.Camera:iPhone 4 had a better camera.  The pictures and videos were a bit more better than on the Droid X.  Though the pictures and videos look better on the iPhone 4's retina screen, I had to see it off the phone to really see the difference.  And I didn't see that much of a big deal.  The video file was much smoother from the iPhone 4(not talking about how it looks in the phone).  Pictures wise, they were both okay unless the pictures was taken on a sunny day or in low-light.  Those two situations, the iPhone 4's camera created better pics and videos.  But indoors and on regular lighting, they both were somewhat the same.Multitask:Droid X wins.  Again, if I "jailbreak" the iPhone, it would be much different, but the stock version is okay.  Yes, you can play a radio app in the background while doing something else that doesn't require sound like surfing the browser.  But to turn off apps playing in the background, you'll have to delete each and every app one at a time.  Yes the Droid X does that as well, but there is at least a several task managers in the Google Play app store to delete the tasks and cache easily.  I have yet to see anything on the iTunes store.  I did see it available on Cydia, but again, I'd need to jailbreak my iPhone 4 to be able to get an all in one task/cache clear.I do like my new iPhone 4 though.  A lot more accessories are available.  I can count on using the camera when I needed it... even on the lock screen.  It's solid phone I hope it last like my iPod Touch 2nd gen.  I say it cause I still use it and it hasn't fail me at doing what it's meant to do.  Sure there are some small issues, but all-in-all worth the money.

Because it was the phone that I was looking. Everything that I have heard about the iPhone was good so I had to get one and try it, and I'm glad I did.

Let me start out by saying I am a real customer. I ordered a new iPhone and could not be happier with the phone I received. I had no issues getting it activated with Verizon and it only took 5 minutes. It was already reset back to factory settings when I received it. Don't let other negative comments deter you as it's probably just other competitors.

I couldn't be happierI was nervous at first when's I saw it, but it is perfectHas unnoticeable Knicks and looks brand newBestbuy want 500$ for a used iphone 4Hahaha

The iPhone 4 is still a great smartphone I think. If you want a cheap smartphone, this an option. I would tell to not update to new ios. It buggy on this phone because of the processor.

Bought this phone for my son.  Also  got him a Life Proof Case but he dropped it and the back of the phone cracked and it stopped working. Took it to Apple Store and was informed that they could not fix it because when they opened the back they found 8 non-apple components, which means whoever sold it to Amazon must have done their own repair work on it.  Apple said not only there was no warranty, but that they are not allowed to work on Apple products that have been tampered with. I called Amazon and was told that the phone was not covered by warranty because the phone was dropped.  So basically we have to buy ANOTHER phone. By the time we get another phone we could have just bought new.  By the way, the Life Proof company says the do not protect the phone, only their case and since their case was not damaged when he dropped the phone, they are not responsible to replace anything either. Be ware!

Biggest piece of junk ever. 90% of the calls I receive, the caller can't hear me speaking, so I have to call them back. Half the time I make a call it automatically engages the speakerphone. Sometimes it just will not end a call. The new OS has made all of it even worse. I had hoped the 4 would be better than the 3G, but it really isn't. I think I'm just going back with a phone that isn't "smart".

Very good overall, I bought it used from amazon private seller and It came looked brand new. Takes longer to get use to compare to androids but I like it. longer battery life and cases are more secure.

iPhone 4 was pretty good BUT the iPhone 4s is worth the extra money. Verizon network makes it better lol

It was like brand new, I've had it for 30 days now but the phone works with no problems and nothing sticks.

For the money I could not ask for more. Works great, got it right on Verizon networks have had no issue, except my wife dropped hers on a concrete floor and shattered the screen, phone is not a good idea for kids or clumsy people

Just as seller described! Fast delivery, and a great product! I have had it now going on a week and it was brand new when I opened it and works like a charm! Not the first scratch or scuff mark! Wonderful satisfaction!!!!!

I haven't bought it yet because I was seeking if it worked with straight talk beings it an unlocked phone, so I emailed the person to see if it did and all I get was "no". I didn't get any explanation as to why

Was very used and refurbished

My original order turned out to have been reported stolen/lost, which was not the vendor's fault, but a quick (and very comfortable) phone call ended with me getting a replacement that came within 2 days and didn't cost me any extra money or stress. I'm very pleased with the product and the service.

The phone looked new but it has problems with the answering system,  Only works on speaker to answer phone.  I don't think I would recommend ordering phones from this site, not sure what you'll get.

The seller was kind enough to rush the order so we'd receive it by Christmas.  I appreciated that.The phone is in great condition.  However, it was not reset or cleared.  All of the data from the previous user was on it including pictures, names and text messages.  This was a gift for my daughter who found these pictures and texts.  Luckily, nothing was inappropriate.  I emailed the seller about this and I got a reply that I needed to reset it myself, which I don't mind doing but there were no links or info provided on how to that, which would have been a nice convenience, so had to figure that out.Also would have been a good thing to know all of this before giving it to my daughter so I could have checked it in case there was a bad photo on it.  Will make sure I delete ALL data on our phones before turning them in and they end up with someone else.

I am very pleased  with this purchase. The iPhone works perfectly and was delivered quickly. Very smooth process. I was able to activate it in less than 10 minutes.

great phone just no sim card slot, had to send it back, still great phone. it was a new condition.

It starts to slow down after a while if I'm completely honest. The already bad battery life gets worse over time. But i expected drawbacks i still have it and like it and will have it for a while.

Well first when you record a video you can't he it. It makes like a buzzing sound. But for all the rest it is pretty good

This phone is great.  It is replacing my original iPhone 4 8GB phone that I had for 18 months before one of the speakers went out. It works fine.  No complaints!

I only gave this four stars because I thought it was a 4G IPHONE, but it turned out to be a 3G. I only got it because I wanted an IPHONE but didn't want to pay the eight hundred plus dollars for a phone that I will be only using for a few months, so despite the 3G,it will do! I love the IPHONE over what I had which was a Droid Incredible. That phone was well I'll keep my opinion to myself since this review is not about the Droid. I love how easy this phone is to navigate. When it is time to up grade, I'm definitely going to consider the IPHONE 5s.

Excellent .. works perfect .. the camera .. the quality very good player .. at .. course met my expectations can not demand much motivated their price are cheap ..

I received exactly what I was expecting and the phone works great. Arrived before I expected too.

I guess I'd be defensive too if someone asked me why I sold them a defective phone. Bought this phone as a backup, and admittedly, did not start using it until AFTER the 30 day warranty period. I start using it, and it's totally freaking buggy. Will not consistently connect to the wireless network.Somehow that's my problem and I'm the jerk for asking for a refund after the warranty period. Excuse me.Thanks a lot buddy. Don't buy anything from this person.

This iphone 4 is great and the best. I really enjoy using it and everythings is work great and there is no scrach on the screen.

this product was what this person said it was. the phone works fine no issue. the time frame was great also.

Good phone.

The MEID on this phone was supposed to work for normal Verizon, but it didn't.  I had to return it.  I was fully refunded my money, but it was still a waste of time.

The power button does not work; that was not in the description. I am able to use it but I do not like that I was not told the power button would not work. The cord that came with it also does not work.

I like this case though it does not offer much protection for the iphone should it be dropped. Though the design is awesome.

We had this phone for about 5 weeks and touch screen would no longer work.  I tried to have it repaired but was too costly.

this phone is easy to set up and understand I have not had any problems using this phone compared to others

I got this phone for my fiance, he had an older phone...it works great and there was nothing wrong with it! He LOVES it :)

This was a replacement phone for my daughter. Although apprehensive about buying a refurbished model, this has proved to be great after 3 mos of continuous use.
