
I had some problems getting this to work with my SIM card, but finally figured it out myself, as there doesn't seem to be any support for this model nowadays.

Great battery life & good quality .. Very basic phone but solved effectively my purpose .. Good value for money, especially as I travel across countries and needed to manage multiple sims in different bands

Got it to keep two Europe sim-cards. Working very well , keeps charge for weeks. Whats else I might need?

First off, the technical stuff. This is NOT a quad band phone, and should be corrected. It is, however, a viable option for a traveler to  Ireland/UK. I bought an O2 sim card with one months of unlimited calls and text to Irish land or mobiles for 20 Euro, but had no international service, so I bought another sim card for 25 Euro with 40 minutes international services plus 40 international texts, plus free calls in Ireland. This is a significant improvement on the Vodaphone pay as you go option we had previously. The phones operated well, kept a good charge, and I was very satisfied with them.

I am in the UK 5 or 6 times a year and my first stop the morning after I arrive has been to buy a new UK sim card. Now I keep my US card and my UK card in place and ready to go. I have 2 grown children and three grand children and my time i the UK is short enough Now I can get to the grandfather -ing business straight away.RegardsJohn K Heaslip

I bought this phone because the price is cheap for a Quad band phone with 2 sim card slots (regular & wifi compatible)! It's easy to use for my mother-in-law with simple buttons. I gave four stars because I'm expecting I would be able to manually close the screen after using it instead of auto shut-off. It's easily dial a number without knowing it if you have it in your pocket. Regardless that minor expectation, I would recommend this if you're looking for affordable and easy to use phone.

I just wanted a cheap 3rd phone instead of changing sim cards.This phone has it all, Quad band and Dual Sim slots.This phone works in the whole world...

I needed a cheap unlocked cell phone for my European SIM card and it's perfect. You need to put the card in the 2nd slot. I totally recommend it.

Bought for overseas trip. Worked well in India . Expect to be same when visit other placesNot very fancy. Just basic . Did the intended job. Price around 50 , based on review ordered it . Did not do much comparison shopping

So far it is working ok, haven't tried other SIM card in foreign country yet. Easy to operate. Good for the price.

Came exactly as described (E1182L model). I bought this phone as a gift for one of my parents. The requirement was a basic phone, that will work with T-Mobile network in the USA.  The phone power on and recognize the T-Mobile SIM card without any problem. In fact it has better indoor signal strength than my current phone on same network.

As expected. Quite thin and small basic phone, perfect for travel in Europe by buying and inserting a SIM card on arrival in major airport.

Not a bad phone, not a great phone.  I needed a quad band phone for emergency use on a trip overseas.  This one fit that need, with little risked if it got lost.  That said, the speaker volume is lacking, if you are calling in an area with background noise.

I bought it a month and a half ago and the key don't work anymore.  The 2 main keys to go back from a menu or to cancel a call don't work.Don't buy this phone because you will loose your money.

The phone was physically fine, and the software was fine, though I've used more intuitive dumbphones.  It got good signal where I expected and had good battery life.  The call quality was truly awful.

So far so good!One thing which is annoying is the loss of day and time as soon as you remove the battery even for a very short period of time.Date and time must be reentered manually instead of being provided by the provider automatically through the network.

We ordered the phone because my husband lost his phone in the field somewhere.  When we tried to activate this phone it said to insert the SIM card, which we do not have and one didn't come with the phone?

One annoying thing is that you cannot browse contacts with the keypad. Only the arrow keys work.The power drains so fast.

This is a basic phone and has dual sim capability. If your purpose is just to make phone calls and do some extra.. then this is a good choice. this is very light weight, sleek and small.

It is nice to talk with fellow travelers for pennies or home for for a little more Instead of dollars.  If you are looking for a smartphone, this is not for you.

This is a basic relabel phone  with good battery and nice ergonomic design...no apps, no camera, no games...I love it!

I used this phone on my last trip to Europe. It was super easy to instal the local sim card and call quality was very goo. I am giving it 4 stars only because the main button usage is not intuitive and it took me a lot of trials to realize that for left/right etc. you need to press the silver rims of the button, and not to tilt the main button itself. Perhaps it's a Samsung thing, I never had a Samsung phone before, but insturctions should spell it out. Otherwise it's a nice little phone.

This phone is nothing fancy but it works well and has a very good battery life. The seller shipped very quickly and it does it job.

Works in most situations, but can be really finicky, especially in Paris for some reason. Low quality cheap device. But if you are going on a short trip overseas you will probably be ok with it.

If you're looking to make a call send a text on the cheap. This is the phone for you. Its simple. I use when my smart is on the blink

The phone is set up in what I believe is Greek.Samsung cant tell me how to reset it to English.Very disapointed as I needed it urgently

Good phone

good and simple to use phone overall; I didnt receive any info about the insurance however and would lik eto know what to do in case it brakes

Small, cheap, efficient old-fashioned bar phone. Unlocked quad-band and two SIM slots big plusses. Included manual adequate. Key-lock awfully fast and apparently not adjustable. The big problem is the non-standard charging and computer interface slot. AC charger provided, but I can't find a male USB to phone adapter. Oh, and just try texting &#34;t&#34;

Maravilloso tel&eacute;fono, elegante, muy &uacute;til,  lo compre para regalarlo y a quien se lo regale se quedo maravillada. Dual sim tambi&eacute;n ayuda a ahorrar

Nice phone . problem is charger pin is old one, so I carry 2 type of charger that's the problm

This phone proved to be not only a bargain but also an useful and profitable purchase for my mom who's not exactly the tech-savvy type of person. Since she travels abroad very often this phone is perfect with its dual sim feature and its inductive menu and keyboard. Well-built and with a battery that can go on for days makes it reliable and a great travel company, not another delicate, hypersensitive touchscreen mobile that can impair communication to the inexpert user

While this looks like your daddy's 2G GSM candy bar phone, Samsung has not been idle. They added quad band and a dual SIM. It indeed is sold unlocked. No worries about any miscellaneous data usage while roaming, because this phone just does not have this capability. It is a phone not a computer. If you need a travel phone for only voice and text, then I highly recommend this one.A slight annoyance is it still uses the old-school Samsung plug for charging and accessories (similar to the old Apple iPod plugs). So you will need to carry the adapter around, since it is not micro-USB compatible.

I got this phone for use abroad and for the short periods I'm in the US. I have a t-mobile SIM card and it works great! Love the torch light, as well as the currency converters. For texting, the keyboard also does other languages, like accents and some Greek as well. One downside is that it's hard to hear sometimes when I'm on the phone and people have said they had a hard time hearing me because my mouth is so far from the mic. Overall, I'm very happy with this purchase and recommend it for people temporarily in the US and/or those who travel abroad often.

This is a very basic phone.  It offers telephony, T9 texting, and an address book.  I took it to Italy with me and installed a SIM card. It worked like a charm. The reception was fine wherever I went.  I used the phone quite extensively to contact friends in Europe and get driving directions to the various B&Bs we stayed at.  If you just need a bare bones phone while traveling, I highly recommend this one.

Had purchased this very basic phone along with a Sim card.After activating the Sim card, I could not get the phone to change even a date and time, never mind anything else.When I pressed the number 7, I repeatedly got a 2!Went to the Samsung website, no info.  Called Samsung, got India.Rep there told me he could not assist as the phone was made in Hong Kong. He provided a telephone number, which was not toll free however.He also suggested I might call Amazon, which I did.  Amazon recognized that there was a technical problem that could not be solved by them, rightfully so, and provided the means to ship back the phone. Thank you Amazon!Samsung has wonderful appliances and entertainment units, it seems that this phone is not made under their usual standards however.  Then again, perhaps I received a dud.

This product is good. I really love it. It is very handy with two SIM cards. It is serving the purpose for which I bought it. I bought one also for a friend and she loves it.

Bought this phone for my father who needed one phone for the two networks he's on. It works great and is very durable. it is very simple to the use. We have no complaints

I forgot how painful typing SMS was.You can find very cheap android phones ( http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=sr_st?bbn=2407749011&qid;=1375983140&rh;=n%3A2335752011%2Cn%3A!2335753011%2Cn%3A7072561011%2Cn%3A2407749011%2Cp_n_feature_keywords_four_browse-bin%3A6787346011&sort;=price ), definitively prefer the Android one.The good point is that the battery lasts VERY long is you don't use the phone (1 week or so), at there is no 3G, no anything battery consuming.

We bought two of these to use while in Ireland with other family members so that we could stay in touch while out and about. We had the cards put in in Ennis - nice staff knew just what we needed and how to install it. We used it mostly for texting but talking on it worked too. We will continue to use these while traveling in Europe in the future.

Another Samsung product I have respect for, this handy phone does all its expected to do and more. With a 500-contact capacity, dual standby sim cards and other standard  functions it is a winner and has become my primary phone for making calls. My Iphone now works mainly to acces the net, check my mails and maybe play a few games.

It's a basic, cheaply made phone but did the job. I only needed to use it for a week in Mexico with an AT&T pay-as-you-go phone. The fact that it is unlocked ,GSM, dual SIM is what made it useful. It was great for texting although you needed to be good at predictive texting.

I purchased this phone for my dad. He's a senior citizen and I think we lost him somewhere around pagers.  I was looking for something close to just a plain old phone as possible, because my dad doesn't even text.  Plus my dad has broad, manly fingers and hands, and his old phone always needed charging. That being said, the battery life is wonderful, the dual sim card capabilities are excellent, but this phone was too small for him. I decided to buy him another phone that was made with seniors in mind and the buttons are quite large.  It looks like a garage door opener, but it does the trip.  We used this phone with T-Mobile and experience no problems whatsoever. Excellent clarity.I decided to keep it. For the price and battery life alone, I think it's just a great all-around phone to have for those trips out of town or out of the country where you don't want to use your smartphone. Also, a great back up phone.

This phone does exactly what it supposed to.  Text.  You have to be able to go back to pressing 3 times for an O.  LOL.  This is an excellent backup phone.

I love this phone, it works great, and i am happy with it. This is what i have been looking for my international sim to work on.

If you are looking for a simple phone that you can take to most European countries.. I bought this in the US... Once I arrived in Italy, I bought a SIM card for $15 Euro, which was for an hour worth of time, 50 text messages and your own phone number while you are there.. We got lost while we were there and this phone was a lifesaver.. I would highly recommend this as an inexpensive calling option.

simple, met our needs, great for using in Spain, inexpensive to get a  SIM card in  Europe for short periods

I don't like the phone it's to small. I am happy on the delivery, but the phone did not meet my expectation. Thank you.

2013.08.06: Here is the latest update. I was contacted by the seller (Mobile Best Sellers) apologizing that they had a distribution error with this product, and they sent me the wrong model of the phone. A few dozen people were affected by this error. FYI, I got the Samsung GT-E1182 (no "L" at the end), which is dual band, not quad-band.I've returned the phone, and got a full refund on it.At least, this makes sense now. I still find the title of this product confusing: "Samsung GT-E1182L" (which, I suppose, is quad band), AND "E1182" (which is dual band). So, if someone orders this phone, which one will they get?---------------------2013.07.29: Here is an update to my review, after I visited a T-Mobile service center in person and talked to a representative for a long time.This phone is definitely not quad band, it is only dual band (GSM 900/1800) as it is stated on the phone box. So, it does not work in the US with the GSM carriers, such as T-Mobile or AT&T; because they use a different frequency.The Amazon title on this phone is extremely misleading, and I don't understand why Amazon doesn't do anything about it.So, if you are looking for an unlocked phone to use in the US, this is not for you. It will likely work fine in Europe, but not in the US.I will have to return this phone.---- Below is my original review, and instructions on how to switch it from Greek to English ----For the background: I live in the US, and wanted a basic unlocked phone as a backup. After receiving it, reading the manuals, and research on the web, here are my impressions:GOOD:- it's a basic phone, very lightweightBAD:1. The first surprise was that the phone was set up in Greek (I guess it was set up on Automatic Language and because it could not find the network, it used Greek..). After some fiddling around, I was able to set it up in English (see the instructions at the end of the review).2. The second bad surprise was that it only comes with European plug adapter.. so, you cannot really plug it into a US plug.3. The third bad surprise is that it is only Dual band, not Quad band, as advertised in the title. The Dual band is documented right there on the box: "GSM Dual Band".4. The forth and most annoying surprise is that I inserted my T-Mobile SIM in it, and it doesn't work. Maybe I need to go to T-Mobile to somehow register my phone, so it might not be the phone's fault. I'll do that and update the review.I saw that some people asked about the available languages. You can set up this phone in: English, Spanish, Portuguese and Greek.In any case, I expected this phone to work out of the box, and I wanted to use it both in US and Europe, and the first experience was very disappointing.---Here are the instructions on how to set it up in English, in case yours was also set up in Greek:1. To unlock phone: Press the star button for about 3 seconds2. Press the menu button (left button), and then select the settings icon (lower right corner), press the big center button to select3. Select item 5 from the menu (Phone in En, &#964;&#951;&#955;&#941;&#966;&#969;&#957;;&#959; in Greek), and then select item 2 (Language in En, &#947;&#955;&#974;&#963;&#963;&#945; in Greek), and then select English, and press "Select".That's it, your phone should be now in English.Good luck!

Upon arrival in CDG, purchased sim card at Relay store, located by exit Terminal 1.  Even it came with 5 free minutes for outgoing call/text, i recommend to purchase more minutes to top it off...very easy to use and plan to use it when traveling outside U.S.

i love this phone, i am using this for my roaming number from the philippines.  this is what i expected, very useful and i love it because it's very handy, very light on my hand and purse.

We found out that the manufacturer of the phone doesn't allow our local carrier to use the phone. Wasteful spending.

I bought this phone for using it in India.  I just inserted the SIM card and everything worked great.  No issues so far...for one week.

as expected. BUT - its a wired charger not micro usb. this will prevent using other chargers. ashame. its good asa backup phone or when u go to europe

We bought this for traveling to Europe.  We haven't used it yet, but it's exactly what we wanted: a basic quad-band, unlocked phone that we can put a SIM card in once we get to Europe.  The quality seems to be fine.  Looking forward to using it!

I bought this for my mom..she likes it. It has dual sim feature that allows her to switch to her US and International sim in a push of a button! I wish earlier versions of Nokia had that feature.

Great for travel, easy to use with basic functions. No worries if lost or stolen as it is easily replaced at a great cost.

I bought this to use abroad with local SIM cards and it did the job well.  It has very easy functionality to manage dual SIMs, offers straightforward operation, and is small and lightweight.  Obviously it's not a smartphone so there aren't a lot of bells and whistles, but if you need a small, portable phone to make cheap calls and texts while abroad, this is a great choice.

Good little phone.  Have had it for about 2 years.  Setup as a Go-Phone for about 9 bucks a month.  I don't use that many minutes but they do roll-over each quarter.  The only difficulty is that you cannot grab the phone with your entire hand or the signal gets weak.  I hold the phone near the top with a couple of fingers and a thumb.  Battery life is very good.

I sent this to Mom in India as she wanted a simple phone. She is using it and like it a lot.

Got to the airport in England, loaded a sim card, put some minutes on it, and I was chatting. Took all of about 5 minutes to get going. It being an older phone, it wasn't as intuitive to text like a smart phone, but this little guy held a decent battery charge for a few days at a time. It came in very handy while I was abroad. I plan on using it everytime I go to Europe.

it rings a bit soft and the speaker volume is not very loud, but doing whats it supposed to do

This is a basic phone.  No camera or USB like my old phone, but hey, I rarely used those features anyway.One suggestion for users: on Settings, Network, choose Manual over Automatic, and select you provider (you know which one, right?). My phone shut off occasionally when in Automatic.

I bought this phone primarily for use in the USA, but also intended to use it overseas. The phone shipped with an A/C to D/C charger that is not compatible with US power outlets. The pins are round, and are probably designed for use in Europe. There is no adapter included for use in the USA. In other words, I cannot perform the initial charge of the battery, and cannot use the phone in the USA (unless I buy an adapter separately).I called Amazon customer support, and I was told that this item is not sold by Amazon, and that I'd need to call Samsung. I called Samsung, and I was told that this is an "international" phone, and that the number I called was only for Samsung USA support. They advised me to call Amazon back. In other words, I appear to be in an endless loop.Nothing in the product description indicates this phone is "international" or not intended for use in the USA. As a matter of fact, the product description states: "This Unlocked Dual SIM Cell Phone is compatible with GSM carriers like AT&T; and T-Mobile ...." and "US Warranty". Now, I understand that these statements do not preclude the possibility that this is an "international" phone that can also be used in the USA. However, the product description appears to be, at least to me, misleading.Sadly, I will be returning this phone, and I will probably go into a store to buy a phone. Too bad, as I've generally had very good buying experiences with Amazon.[UPDATE (8/14/2013): I decided to give this phone a try, and bought an adapter. After initial-charging the battery, I turned it on to discover the menu is in Greek. I mean, literally in Greek. Thankfully I have neighbors who are of Greek origin, and they were able to navigate the menu to set it up in English. The phone menu is fairly intuitive and easy to use. However, when I tried to set up the SIM card on my network (AT&T;), the phone would not connect with the network. The AT&T; customer service agent called Samsung, who told him that the phone is an international phone, and support can only be provided from Samsung's help center in Jordan, which is on a completely different time zone than mine. Even if they resolve my problem in the US, I have no assurance that the same problem will not develop when I am overseas. Bottom line: I am returning the phone today, and I am reminded of the well-worn idiom - caveat emptor (buyer beware).][UPDATE (8/30/2013): Manticore pointed out that the problem may have originated from the seller, and not the phone itself. I believe my phone order was fulfilled by Mobile Best Sellers, not Zezoo Store (as the Amazon site currently shows). My complaints, then, are directed at Amazon and not at the phone itself - Amazon's site ought to have indicated that the phone as purchased from Mobile Best Sellers would have specific features, some of which may not be universally acceptable.Thanks to Manticore for pointing out my error.]

I am very satisfied with this phone and have 3 of them on my account as everyone likes them.  Like them better than an I-phone.  Screen larger and thinner.

Basic phone if that is what you need.  Dual sim is nice but again...a basic phone.  I believe you can spend a little extra money for the phone you want

This phone is great for the calls and can be used with different carriers in US and overseas. Just switch the SIM card or put another one and go. It is little bit pricey for that basic model. The battery life is great! I haven't charged it for a week and it has full power bar.Luck of camera is minus. It is good to have ability to snap a picture in emergency situation. The phone is luck of some symbols on the keyboard and I still didn't figure out if there is a mode where I can type in symbols that are not available on the keyboard, like percent sign % as example. The phone is very small and very light. Fits in any small pocket which is definitely great plus compare to all these smart phones.

Had trouble understanding the instructions.  SIM card easily inserted.  Set up easy.  Use a smart phone at home so going back to the old ways is difficult.  Just getting old, I guess.

I found out on a Monday that I had to leave for France that same Saturday.  My (Sprint) phone doesn't work in Europe because it's CDMA, so I needed a phone and fast.  I didn't want to fork over too much money, as my regular phone does work where I normally travel.The main features I was looking for were a) low price, b) dual SIMs, and c) the ability to work in just about any country.  I can already confirm a) and b) are taken care of, and I'll be able to confirm c) in the coming months (I'll be in a few more European countries, and I want to make sure it works the next time I'm in China).A HUGE bonus to this phone was the battery life.  I was in Lyon for one week, and I never had to recharge the phone!  I was thoroughly impressed.Something I wasn't so impressed with was the interface, especially when I had two SIMs in at the same time.  For example, there were screens at startup with a bunch of square characters and nothing more (what the heck is that supposed to mean?), and some of the messaging / address book screens were less-than-intuitive.Bottom line: This phone has proven to have functionality worth much more than the price.  I would recommend this phone, but not as someone's primary phone.

I'm from the states and bought two for traveling around Europe with my friend.  When we arrived we bought a SIM for 5 euros from some dumpy kiosk.  We're able to call and text each other no problem.  SIM setup and activation was easy, changing the settings on the phone took 2m.The only negative is the sound is quiet on both ends.

Not a lot of features on this phone, which I bought for my mom, since she doesn't like anything too complicated. Pretty pleased with it as it works well, and was easy to setup. Phone charges quickly and battery holds its charge a while. Works as a phone should!

User interface is not friendly. I notices that this phone shows no connection where AT&T phone and T-Mobile phones show antenna+one bar. Google Nexus (quad-band) also finds the signal much better than this phone. I had to return this one because of very low quality of receiving antenna and possibly electronics inside.

The phone settings reset every time the phone turns off or the battery dies. Text messages do not show time-stamps and regular headphones/accessories will not fit

I got this phone to use in Germany. I cannot get it to work. Bought a SIM card from blau.de. Put it in. This phone will not get past the message: 'Emergency calls only!' no matter what I do. Extremely frustrating! Spent hours on it and won't work

Good travel phone. I recently made a trip to Australia & NZ & took this along. With the sim cards purchased in both countries, I was able to stay in touch with the family at home more cheaply & coordinate tours easily. Keeps a charge for a long time.

Excellent, im very happy with my secondary cell phone because the smartphone the battery is very bad. 5 stars with you.

The instructions for the phone are very poor as are the diagrams. You need to have plenty of experience before trying to insert SIM cards.

Its ok but not what i was expecting thought it was a biger phone. But it meant my expectation.thanks. It arivead as expected.

It is a simple, compact phone but is not even a 3G (let alone 4G) phone and the information provided in the Amazon listing does not let one know that. If I had known I would not have bought it. I have a microcell enhancer at my home, which is far from the nearest cell tower, and this only works with 3G phones.

Just what I expected! If you want to use a phone in USA and Europe, it must be quad band. The dual SIM Card is useful as I have an ATT SIM in USA and Prepaid SIM for Italy. Great World Phone!

It was not a quad band.  The electrical plug wasn't set up for US and an adapter was not included.I returned it.

the phone works fine everywhere. I used it in several countries and it just worked fine. Don't like that the alarm goes off even when the phone is in off position (and that could be dangerous in airplanes too), but I think I spotted a command to stop that behaviour. the screen is colour and the main reason why I bought this (batteries) are just great! Batteries last at least a week to 10 days, which is just wonderful as compared to my smartphone. Of course, it is not a smartphone, so it's just basic phone and text message thing (no fancy stuff). Reminds me the time when phones were just phones :-)

I bought this phone to use it while traveling to the US and I must say I'm impressed with how good it is.It's a great phone to use as a replacement phone: it supports the two sim cards very well, battery last very long, it's incredibly light and very reliable. The fact that it's 4quad also allows you to use the same phone practically everywhere.Very satisfied with the product.

The info with the phone was poor to non existent about installing the SIM card.  It ran out of power frequently and needed almost daily recharging.  It has problems staying connected to any service provider.

Bought this phone for a trip to Spain.  It was very light and easy to use.  Bought a SIM card in Spain for under $20.00.  In 10 days I never had to charge it while in Spain, battery held up charge very good.I would recommend this phone for anyone traveling to Europe.Great phone for the price.  Used it only for phone calls, not texting.

Excellent phone light weight. Great battery backup.Only drawback is the menu and display but you will get used to it after a few days

Just what I wanted. A basic good phone. Reception and quality of voice is adequate, and battery life is long enough, lasts all day.

Have used in 9 countries with no problems.  Instructions for switching between sim cards are a little confusing so I took one out.  Amazing battery life, days and days.  Good value for a quality basic phone.  5 stars if it used an industry standard charging plug.

This is a great, inexpensive, basic phone if you travel internationally. Have used it in Europe and South America with the OneSimCard service. Bought a second phone as a backup.24HrsDeals was great - shipped the phone right away.

Very good phone. Easy to use. Long battery life and reception is better than most of the expensive phones out there. Excellent bargain!

This does not work with Airtel - India in roaming in USA. Reason is that the band supported is only dual band of US frequencies. Posting 2 rating for not meeting my expectation of quad band. Else phone is is fine.

Not able to rate this product adequately until I am able to use it for the purpose intended - a pay as you go phone in Europe.

Very handy and useful. Been using it for my international sim card and it works great! Duos sim is a plus

Standard features. Battery lasts for ever. Has all basic features. Nothing to complain about. Small, slick, fast enough when you restart

es un muy buen telefono por sus doble sims card , el  unico inconveniente que pude encontrar es el volumen del auricular , las conversaciones tienen poco volumen , mejor es usar el altavoz de manos libres. por el resto muy buen celular para hacer llamadas nada mas en viajes

After returning from Europe with a similar phone and finding it could not be used on US networks, I looked for a replacement that would work on US networks. This is no smart phone, but it provides reliable phone and texting service at a very reasonable cost. Just slip in a SIM card and you are in business. No contract commitment, just pay for the service you use.

This is a simple, no-nonsense but very cheap 4 quad phone which one can use both in the US and Europe. In addition, it takes two sim cards so you can be reached on either number which is particularly useful if you work out of two countries. It simply does what it says on the box and does it very well.

If your looking for a basic phone that will work for you basic needs, than this is it, its not fancy, its very small, but the ringtone is nice and loud, and the voice sound clarity is excellent. For the price you cant beat it. I would definately recommend.

Bought this for a trip to Prague, Budapest, Vienna and Passau. Worked great with no hitches, which I can't say for other brands I've bought. I bought a sim card from these folks too, and the instructions are clear, and the phone holds a charge well. Excellent for simple phone function and durability.

Good replacement phone, works as expected. Never hanged so far.Has a flashlight, which is handy.Has multiple alarms, which work even if the phone is off, which is even more handy.Battery lasts arround 4 days.

I bought this specifically to use as a travel phone for basic voice-communications primarily.Easy to set-up,  upon arrival to Belize,  I went to a nearby BTL office (Belizean Telephone Co.) and the customer service rep at the counter explained the SIMS card fee, minutes credit and options to buy more minutes.  He set everything up and my phone was ready to use.  Phone has a simple, intuitive menu for the basics... ringtones,  clock, alarm clock, calculator features,  small (torch) flashlight which came in handy.  Phone is very small but keyface is easy to use as are navigation buttons.  Reception was quite good when I used it.  The only negative thing I would say about the phone is that you have to activate the "Loudspeaker" when making a call so you can hear the party on the other line.... if you don't ...you'll barely hear them speak.  This was no biggie because I got used to doing that in sequence after I would dial a number and press the call button,  I'd automatically press the Loudpeaker button and get prompted on-screen to TURN ON LOUDSPEAKER?  of course I'd press YES.  Maybe there's a way to increase the earphone audio but I've not found it yet in the small manual that came with the phone.  BATTERY LIFE IS PHENOMENAL!!  I had this phone on all the time for about 11 days and didn't have to charge it once.  Of course I didn't talk on it everyday and when I did ...only for a few minutes at a time...afterall it's a TRAVEL PHONE.If you need to be that connected all the time...get ready to spend money on minutes.  Fortunately the BTL rep told me about a 1010-dial around number that would save me about 33% on Int'l calls...which was great.This phone worked well and I maybe had only 3 calls dropped my entire trip.... which I don't think was the phone's fault.If you're looking for a decent phone that doesn't cost a lot and take up much space and works... give this Samsung GT-E1182L DUOS Quad-Band phone a serious look.P.S. About the phone volume control; according to the manual ... you can turn up the volume by pressing up on the main directional switch which I didn't realize. I haven't tried this as my Belize SIMS doesn't function in the U.S. But next time I go somewhere and get a new SIMS, I'm sure to give this a try. So you won't have to put the phone on "LoudSpeaker" as I've done.

I chose this phone because it holds two SIM cards which you can switch between without having to remove them. I wanted an inexpensive phone to use in France and the U.K. On vacation. I was able to purchase SIM cards in Paris and London very easily, and they worked great! Now I have a back up phone to use at home as well. I would definitely recommend this phone.

Decent reception and clarity, but menus are not intuitive. Most irritating, this phone does not pick up date and time from the network, you have to set it..and reset if the battery goes dead.

I'n not sure if I'm just a bonehead, but this definitely IS NOT what we thought we were getting. Its an incredibly LOUSY phone.

Perfect no frills phone for international travel. Was able to install a sim card with no issues. Small and compact.

Not a bad phone for a price consious customer. It works fine. But you will feel that it is what it is worth.

This phone is an unlocked world phone with one significant advantage - it holds 2 SIM cards, and thus can be on 2 networks at the same time. If your base is the US you probably know that the major carriers will simply not sell you an unlocked phone anymore, or if they will, the price will be exorbitant. The best AT&T; would do was sell me a locked phone for $200 that they would unlock after 90 days. No thanks. This phone for $35 does the same as that $200 phone, and all it needs is a SIM for $25 (waived by the independent dealer I went to). And it is unlocked from the start.The phone itself works fine, however, as with most &#34;dumb&#34; cell phones it's a bit cumbersome to navigate its menus; once you are used to it, however, it's a nice basic phone.

I bought this cellphone to use for 2 weeks in Germany. After buying a German SIM card, it booted up and worked great all the time I was there.  Thank you for a great product!

I cannot use the phone because I live in the USA and an UK residence address is required to activate the phone.

Purchased for wife and daughter to take on a trip to England.  They had for emergencies and to call home.  It worked great when they had coverage - but I think that coverage was an issue with the carrier that they selected in the UK than with the phone itself.  When they called home it was very clear.

Now I am No-Hassle-Europe proof traveling there.  Don't need data there and it is pretty handy - slippery, no rubber around it, so be careful, don't loose it.  For the price a good deal.  Call quality = ok., too.

The audio is very poor. Everything is small and somewhat difficult to use. Never figured out how to create my own "answering machine" message and also to find out how many minutes have been used. Agree with others that the instructions are difficult. After suffering with this phone for 1 month. I sent it back and got a full refund. The 1000 minute/365 day SIM card which I had bought from T-Mobile now works much better in an older European manufacturers phone which I had had stored in a bottom drawer.

I am so happy that I don't have to carry 2 cell phones any more.  I have one cell phone from work (AT&T;) and a personal phone (TMobile).  Just remove the 2 SIMS and put them it the SAMSUNG GT-E82L, now I only have to carry one phone.  You can set a different ring tone for each sim so that you know which sim is  receiving the call.For calling out, you can just toggle between the 2 sims using the # key.  The phone book is shared by the 2 sims.

This is the second E1182 I've used. The first one arrived DOA - didn't even power on. Sadly, I've found out over the past month or so that the replacement, which does power on, is only marginally more useful than the first one.To be more specific, I have been running into frequent network disconnection problems. The phone alternates between no network and 4 bars, when in the same location. Calls are often dropped after a fraction of a second, even with 4 bars. Happened several times in a row the other day, had to resort to texting.Moreover, the user interface on this phone is probably the clunkiest of any cell phone I've used, starting with the Ericsson 337 back in 1995.I was excited to see the specs of this phone when I first found it here on amazon. "Finally a nice dumbphone" I thought. Unfortunately, while the specs are good, execution is quite poor. It seems one cannot buy a good dumbphone in the U.S. these days.I gave it two stars: one for effort, and one for the "fake call" function which can be set up to activate on speed-dial. It's the first time I've seen that, and I'm very impressed. The potential applications of this ground-breaking new technology are virtually limitless. Better yet, stable network connectivity is not needed for this function.

It is basic. The functions are basics.The ring tones are very simple and old. You can put two chips of different opperators but while your're talking in the 1st line you can't receive a call from the 2nd line. You have to select the line to receive a call in the 2nd line. This function should be automatic.

This is a nice simple phone for basic use for calls and simple texting. This is not for you if you looking to text a whole lot or surf the WEB. LOL

This phone is value for money and a definite purchase for people on the go/travellers who wanna connect with their loved ones.Quadband functionality ensures worldwide connectivity.

Phone is very light due to the plastic construction but great to fit into my wife's bag without it being noticeable. From the brief test I did, it works fine! I put in an Orange SIM which was immediately recognized by Orange as I received a &#34;Welcome to the US&#34; text giving me the call and SMS rates in Sterling! I have no reason to doubt that this phone will not work I the UK or any country with GSM networks.Very pleased with this purchase. Is it a smartphone? No. Is it a phone that my wife can call me on while we travel in the UK? You bet!

The phone has a great battery life, is compact, easy to use and has a FM radio.  It is inexpensive and I would buy it again.

AVOID BUYING ANYTHING FROM MOBILE BEST SELLERS  as they are either vary careless or worse.  I ordered two GT-E1182L phones to take to Mexico so that my wife and I in Mexico could get Sim cards and keep in touch while on our trip.I bought SIM cards in Mexico, but the phones would not work.  The reason is that we were shipped GT-E1182 (no L at the end) phones.  There are NOT quad-band but duo band phones.  The shipper, Mobile Best Sellers put a sticker on the box giving the model as GT-E1182L, but taking the battery out and using a magnifying glass on the writing in the phone under where the battery sits, one can see there is no &#34;L&#34; at the end of the model number.  It was most distressing!  Amazon refunded my cost for the phones & gave me a $10 credit for our trouble.

This product has such low volume even when it is adjusted the highest level,  one cannot hear the conversation especially in an outdoor setting.  It is not worth the investment.

This is a great mobile for voice and text, for those who care little for 4G features. As for me I use a phone to talk, I use my laptop for Internet communications.I installed two T..Mobile SIM cards and talk away as the calls come in or I call out.The  Samsung GT-E1182L E1182 DUOS Unlocked mobile has a very sensitive receiver I get 6 bars most times, this is much better then the 4g phones on reception.The only thing is the automatic key pad lock feature needs to be turned on. You must manually press star key a lot before sliding phone into your pocket.John Petri

The Samsung GT-E1182L E1182 Duos Unlocked Quad-Band Dual SIM GSM phone ; was not unlocked. I had to pay to unlock this phone. I was not pleased with this purchase.

Very simple to set up and use. Instructions are bad so find a video on the internet or Utube. I found a good video on internet for travel.

Good product but can not be used within the USA. It works well overseas and is simple to use. Sound quality is not good.

We bought this basic, no-frills phone to use in Europe. Needed help to install SIM card, find out our phone number, and how to use it. Still cannot retrieve messages, although we had 3 as soon as we turned it on!It worked okay as long as we were 1) outside or 2) near a window. Hoping that  we can get some 'youngsters,' ie anyone under 30, to help us fully utilize it.

Phone is simple to use and works well.  the dual simcard feature is very helfpul if you are traveling abroad.

If you're looking for something that is just a simple phone this one fits the bill, and the dual SIM feature is a nice functional.

While it is not a smart phone, it came just as advertised. New, in unopened boxes, it is a quad phone that works very well as a phone and has a great battery that lasts about a week with moderate use. We bought two since we will be traveling around the world and will buy SIM cards in various countries. We will be able to talk to each other virtually everywhere for a very modest price.

No none sense cellphone serve my purpose, i commute to work round trip and some cutthroat will kill you to get you iPhone, your Samsung Galaxy, and fancy cellphones... this one nice just for texting and call and I can put it in shirt pocket, its light. I ordered 2... and the seller ship it fast in manufacturers original boxes.( But, you should have dainty fingers) for the price you can't beat that

This is a very minimal phone.The keys are too smallAnd it's not a smart phone, I don't even know how to use it.

This phone worked on a Canadian GSM system, so I expect it'll work well in Europe and elsewhere,  too. I purchased the phone to use everywhere I travel.

This phone was much smaller than I expected, but works fine for my needs.  When 2 different sim cards in phone, it is hard to manage, so I take out the second card.

I expected a quad band phone.  the phone is a dual band  ( 900 and 1800) only.  It will work in europe but I had also wanted ot use it in Canada and USA.

This Quite Little Phone one of the best phone i ever had. battery stay good almost 2/3 week very easy to handle.

It's a dual stand-by sim phone. Battery last long. The phone is light and very handy. Nice packaging and satisfied with the product

I wasn't sure what to expect for the price but this phone worked flawlessly when traveling in the UK and France.  The battery life is great and the phone is unlocked as promised.  I had forgotten what it was like to have a phone that was good at being a phone, smart phones these days are great general computing devices but poor phones.  Highly recommend this to anyone looking for a cheap but good unlocked GSM phone.

The important thing is, my SIM card which I brought from China can work on it.It is wonderful.I love it.

I bought this Samsung unlocked phone for my trip to Italy. I also took my iPhone and paid $120.00 for two hundred minutes and $120.00 for a data plan from AT&T. I went through the minutes during the first week of my four week trip and decided to see if I could get a SIM card for my little Samsung. I hadn't trusted that it would work, so I paid in my opinion too much to use my iPhone in Italy. I tried the Tabac shops and no one sold SIM cards so I finally went into a Vodofone shop where I was able to buy a SIM card. The calls only cost fifteen cents per minute. I used the Samsung without a hitch during the trip making calls in Italy and England. I am long winded so bear with me. My point is that this phone cost about $35.00 and was more than worth it. I dropped it several times and it still worked like a charm. When I needed more minutes I simply went into a Vodofone shop to add minutes. I highly recommend it if you just want to make calls. I used my iPad with wifi at hotels and sorely regret spending the money to use my iPhone which I had to keep checking to see if I had used all my minutes or data that I had purchased. Going over meant $1.00 per minute. With the Samsung and the SIM card from Vodofone I was notified by a chime and message on the Samsung if I had used all of my minutes. Using all of the minutes just meant refilling the SIM card. Buy this phone. You won't regret it. I didn't but I regretted paying to use my iPhone for calls and access to the web etc.

No matter what any &#34;expert&#34; says, if you get this - the phone is probably fine - BUY AND PREACTIVATE A SIM CARD! They sell them here at Amazon. Otherwise you will have nothing more than a paperweight when you are traveling. Again, no matter what anyone says you cannot &#34;just get a SIM card&#34; - but if you have an already activated one you can purchase &#34;calling cards&#34; which work with the *activated* SIM to provides reasonable calling rates.

I ordered this phone through Amazon and it did not get delivered.  The technical specs though make this sound like a great product and I trust Samsung, so I would recommend it.

Besides having to change the language over to English from Spanish, we have not had any problems with these phones which we are using with our UK SIMs here in the US. Battery seems to last over a week on standby (with a couple of text messages thrown in)

Got this phone for son, good basic phone. Working well in USA with T-moble plan, as well as in Russia with local provider.

This is a great phone and works exactly as it should.  We got it for our young child just as a safety thing so we wanted a cheap phone that would be simple for her to use.  This phone fit the bill.We got this specific one since it also works in other countries due to the quad-band.  This is great in case we travel and don't want to take our expensive phones.  The dual SIM slots were an added benefit, especially if traveling.

Followed review comments and bought it. Took it to Paris where I bought a SIM card at a Relay store in CDG airport. The attendant activated it for me. I bought 60 minutes which was way too much for what I needed as it turned out. The instructions for the SIM were all in French and there were some numbers to dial that produced more French advice. That was difficult. Unfortunately didn't get the phone working till three days before I left but then it worked just fine. Even called back to my husband in California. Total investment was close to $100 because I bought too many minutes (60 minutes cost me 35 E). Otherwise I was glad to have it and it was useful.

would have been nice if it were more than a 2g phone but it will do what I have in mind.

Bought this phone for an urgent trip abroad. Used it in the Philippines without any issue at all. Sure beats having to spend a day looking for a phone just to use locally, and then having to get rid of it before returning Stateside. With this phone, you order it from Amazon, you get it in quick, then with 2 sim card slots you can load--say-- a T-Mobile sim in one slot, then load it with whatever overseas cellular service carrier sim card in the other slot (in my case, Smart Telecom in the Philippines), and voila, you have a cheap phone you can use from origin to destination. The only drawback (for many a potential dealbreaker) is that this is a basic call and text phone with some extra features. A smart phone it is not. Forget about Instagram and Facebook. No e-mailing. No camera either. But a phone is what it is, and it does that job in the old-fashioned way

I bought this for a relative to be used out the US. It is a very simple cell phone, it doesn't have any special features, but works great and comes with the possibility of having two lines instead of one which makes it even a better choice for the price.

This is an inexpensive basic phone to have when one travels. However, despite being advertised as a Quad Band phone it is not. It is a dual band phone since it only covers GSM 900/1800 frequencies. A true "quad band" phone covers GSM 850/900/1800/1900 frequencies. Although a dual band phone will work in most places, it will not work in some countries that do not use the GSM 900/1800 frequencies. Amazon and the seller of this item need to change the way this product is being advertised. To claim it is a quad phone is totally false and constitutes inaccurate advertising. Buyer beware. Samsung does make other phones that are true quad band (world phones). This one unfortunately is certainly NOT one of them. Thank you.

What a great replacement for my kids broken phone. Slip in the sim and send them on their way- let them see what it was like to text in the early days. Now if I can just figure out how to change the background.

Great for traveling, simple but helpful phone, worked great, glad i bought it as a backup, good value for the price.

After a few days people stopped hearing me. Tried the sim on another phone worked fine. Tried a different sim on this phone, same problem. Luckily there was a warranty. Returned it. Will not reorder.I have lots of samsung phones, never had a problem before. I guess it was just a defective item.

This dual sim phone is good and I have seen no issues whatsoever. I recommend this to everyone who is looking for a cheap phone.

This phone is awesome! I took it to used in Africa and in Middle East and worked perfectly. Long lasting power.

Arrived quickly and as described.  My only real complaint is that it chimes when you receive a message, but there is no flashing light--I like that feature, as I don't always have my phone on me, and it's nice to see the light flashing in my purse/across the room/etc. when I've received a text.  Other than that, a good simple phone with a long battery life.

Got this phone for a trip to India. Got a sim card in India and put it in and everything worked just as expected for the phone.The only drawback is that the phone locks after inactivity -- this feature is good, so you don't hit buttons while it's in your pocket or purse -- however the time delay to lock was 5 seconds, and not configurable. So if while dialing you had to look up a number or something, it locked and you had to unlock it again. Minor inconvenience though.

I got this for a friend in the Caribbean, where many people have two phones (one for each service provider), which makes the dual sim feature very useful indeed. Though it's a basic phone otherwise, it's affordably priced, and it sure beats walking around with two phones.

worked great. Used this phone in brazil and it did exactly what i needed it to do. good value. Happy buyer.

Great phone and easy to use overseas!

Arrived on time....as promised....phone was new and works very good..it was sent to my mother in Jamaica and so far she has had no problems

This is a no frills, basic cell phone. It is small and easily fits in your pocket. It has two slots for SIM cards, and is Quad-band. Battery life is long! Only charging it every week or so. Great for prepaid or travel use.

This phone met my needs for an unlocked, quad-band, GSM ready phone to use while in Europe.  It has become my travel phone and allows me to purchase only the SIM cards and minutes that I need when I enter a country.  The upfront cost of purchasing the phone through Amazon was less than going through a phone company that wants to lock you into buying their sim cards and minutes.  It is much cheaper to purchase your sim cards in Europe and the call minutes are much cheaper.

This phone is a very interesting to whom need to use it in many different places. I use normally in different countries and it works very well. Excelent quality and very ship

After my disaster with the last phone (sharp FX Plus ) I am please to say this was a good purchase

The phone works as expected with a normal size SIM card.  The price is cheap, less than $30.  The phone is simple and easy to use.  The phone chasis is made of plastic.  The quality does look and feel cheap, but it is expected for such a price.

Returned the phone, it is not a quad band phone as the write up states should be corrected to avoid further confusion.

This is a perfect phone for travel. Although I no longer need them because T Mobile now has a global plan with free international texts and data plan plus only 20 cents per minute to call the U.S.,and free wifi calls, I don't really use this anymore. It's perfect if you want to make many local locals when you are overseas.

Has anyone been able to register their product with Samsung?  I tend to register all my products, but when I tried to do so, it seems that this product is not supposed to be sold in the US, and so is not listed on their US site.  In fact, my phone was shipped by a company in Brazil, which does not seem to believe in replying to questions.I was directed to go by Samsung US to go to their site in India in order to register the phone, but in order to do so, you have to open up an account with Samsung, and it won't accept your US home phone number as a valid phone (a requirement to get an account!)I must admit that, given the price of the phone, the issue is somewhat moot, but I'd still be interested in finding out if anyone who bought this in the US has been able to register it, and how.

This phone has no smart features but it works very well in Kenya as a basic means of communication. Works seemlessly with Safaricom and related features like Mpesa, Sambaza, etc. Excellent sound quality and reception.  I bought it here for my trip and am thorougly satisfied, was very happy to have a good, authentic Samsung phone from day 1 instead of buying local knockoffs.

I bought this phone for a trip to Europe. The sim card I used is from Lycamobile or T-mobile (tried both). The phone/card did not work in Europe at all. Back in the US, majority of the calls are not clear or dropped. It's a total waste of my money. Don't buy it!!!

I purchased this phone for a trip to Germany. It did not have the reception or capabilities like I thought it would. I could not make a local call and I only received half the calls that came in. If anyone left a voice mail or text it took me 2 days to get it. I am very unhappy with the performance of the phone. I feel like I wasted my money.

The product arrived in good condition and on time. There were no issues. The phone worked as expected. The phone worked for both US and India sim card.

Small phone so numbers are a little cramped. Biggest dissapointment was that the phone/ charger uses a non-standard Samsung connection, not a micro or mini USB connector, so you have to pack a separate charger just for the phone. Otherwise, the phone is OK for a good price.

The speaker volume is low, I am not able to properly hear the conversations. Lot of time waste by reconfirming each words with the caller...

Never worked. I have never actually owned a phone that was more stressful to own than it was too get rid of.  This phone did not work with multiple types of sim cards.

It works fine for making phone call but is not very convenient to send message because of the input method.Dual SIM is good for people temporarily staying abroad.

IT IS NOT WORTH BUYING THIS PHONE.I bought this phone from Amazon to use it in India and it worked for only 3 months. People cannot hear the voice on the other side of the phone. I never expected Samsung made such poor quality phones.

Bought this phone to take to Europe. Maybe because I"m used to an I Phone, but this phone was very hard to learn to use. Poor design on the menu system. Example you can dial a number direct from the screen and hit send in the "Idle" mode, but the instructions don't tell you which mode is the "Idle" mode. Okay it's a cheap phone, but that doesn't mean it couldn't be designed to be easy to use, which this one is not.

This phone fit my needs perfectly for a two-week trip to a variety of European countries. The best feature was the dual-SIM capability: I put my Verizon work SIM card in one slot, and a disposable multi-country SIM (which I'd bought upon landing in Amsterdam) in the other for personal use. It's incredibly easy to switch between the SIMs while the phone is on and it still receives messages etc. for each SIM as long as they're both in standby (i.e. you're not on the phone). The best part is that it's about half the price of buying a disposable phone at an airport kiosk once you get there.The phone worked perfectly and had good reception on both SIMs even in relatively remote areas, so I believe it has a good antenna. The battery life was also great, I only had to charge it twice and I was spending about 20-30 minutes talking on the phone each day.

This is a great cell phone for use with two lines.  It serves as my personal cell phone and my business cell phone.  The battery life is great, and the ability to provide coverage in low signal areas is great.

We have not been able to make this phone work in the UK, very frustrating and will have to return this when we return home and also did not work in any country in Europe.  I called the Samsung customer service department before leaving on our trip and they stated they could not help as they only dealt with USA phones and not phones set up for Europe.  The international sim card company blames our purchase of the Samsung phone for nothing working.  So I literally between the cost of the phone and the simcard and additional time purchased for the phone wasted $100.00

This dual sim card phone meets my needs very well.  I have to be able to receive calls at all times from two different countries and this phone works miracles for me. My reception is great and I have had no problems being able to access calls from the US and calls from Mexico using the same phone.

This phone matched with the Telestial Passport Lite SIM card worked perfect in Scotland.  Make sure you read the directions!!  You have to use a code before you make a call (provided by the SIM card) and you get a ring back after you dial the number.  This confused us at first but we quickly got use to it.  The phone is small, light and holds a great charge.

A spare phone to carry as a backup. Also will carry an iPhone 4S with international coverage but due to the high cost of calling plus roaming, I plan to use the Samsung for occasional calls back to USA and the iPhone for Wi Fi access.  Samsung works fine in US with a UK sim card for USA and Europe (and Asia).  Lightweight and the standby time seems very long, may not have to carry charger on a 10 day trip.  Sound quality is adequate.  The two SIM slot is handy.

I was travelling to India through the Middle East, and needed a phone that I could use while in India and the Middle East.  I looked at various models of phones, and this seemed reasonable enough.  Most countries, apart from the US use the GSM phone system, which involves inserting a SIM (Subscriber Identity Module) card into the phone.  The SIM card is usually bought separately from the phone, and determines your phone number, call rates, etc.  So to use a SIM card in another country, you need an unlocked GSM phone (which this is), and a SIM card.  I purchased a OneSIMCard &#34;world&#34; SIM card which allows you to use this phone in over 150 countries.The phone was delivered promptly, in it's original box.  Came with the phone, battery and wall charger.  No case was provided.This phone was surprisingly smaller than I expected.  More the size of an iPod Nano than an iPhone.  This made using the key pad a little more difficult because the keys were smaller.  The menu system is a little cumbersome too, but not anymore than phones of this type.  There is no dedicated keyboard, so texting is going to be tedious; but I was not going to be texting anyway.  The sound is surprisingly clear, and those at the receiving end of the call also said it was clear.  Because of it's small size, it is a bit difficult to hold, but okay. The screen is therefore also small, and relatively low resolution (compared to most newer phones) but okay to see the information that you need.  It is NOT a touch screen. The phone takes &#34;standard&#34; SIM cards.  They are about the size of a SD memory card.  (NOTE: The iPhone 4S takes a &#34;micro&#34; SIM card, and the new iPhone 5S takes a &#34;nano&#34; SIM card).  Standard SIM cards are more easily available.  In addition, this phone, despite it's small size, has TWO SIM card slots!  That means you could have two separate phone numbers associated with the phone.  So you could have a &#34;local&#34; number in the country of travel, and another number where everyone else could call you.  You could give out one number to business contacts, and another for friends and family. You can set up distinctive rings, so that you know which number is ringing.The charging transformer will work with 110 and 220 volts, although the one I got came with the flat US style plug.  The transformer and cord are one piece.  The connection to the phone is a proprietary Samsung connection, so if you lose this charger you will need to get an exact replacement.  It will not charge from a micro USB, or Apple type connection.Overall, surprisingly feature rich phone, good reception, works well for the type of phone, and reasonable price.  If you only need an &#34;emergency&#34; phone to make and receive calls while you are travelling abroad on a vacation, or even a short business trip, this phone should serve you well.I would not hesitate to recommend this phone to a friend or associate.

It's not all that. I wouldn't buy it a gain or recommend it to someone. I bought it for my relative in Africa but I was even embarrassed to give it to him. It's more for children or just emergency.

The phone does everything perfectly as it states in the description. Easy and simple to use, and good battery life.

I purchased this product which is supposedly &#34;unlocked&#34; to use in an upcoming trip to Europe.  Unfortunately the duo existing SIM cards do not work and there is information in the owner's manual and no obvious way to remove them to replace them with a SIM card that does work.  Furthermore Samsung here in the United States does not provide technical support for this product..

Purchased this phone as a &#34;throwaway&#34; for use in travel.  Its a very light compact phone with decent reception.  It uses a mini USB connection to charge, but its very finicky and only seemed to charge when I had it plugged into the factory charger.  (It wouldn't charge through the PC USB port, as I guess there wasn't enough amperage flowing through the cable...)

Smart basic voice only phone. Dual sim works great at parallel to receive voice/sms. Works in India & USA. Single interface to read msgs, missed calls without switching sim.

This phone worked great throughout Europe. If you have a multi-country trip, get at least two cheap phones to use in your group. They are worth their weight in gold. You can text your friends during daily travels and get in touch with anybody you need to using a local number.

This phone fully met my expectations. I purchased it in the US to take to Europe where I bought a French SIM card from Orange. Installation was easy and the phone worked immediately. Only issue, as one reviewer pointed out earlier, was that the default language was Spanish. But it was fairly easy to find the language setting in the phone and to change that to English. I did not utilize the voicemail feature with my phone number so don't know how well this phone integrated with the carrier's voicemail system. I did use text messaging and that worked fine. Battery life was excellent.Bottom line: This is a bare-bones but functional phone, good for traveling purposes.
