
I've had the phone since November, 2012.  Lately its touch function (texting, unlocking the screen, etc.) has gotten very "touchy" in that it will enter two or three characters even though I've only tapped one.Battery life is horrible, as others have said.  On the other hand, the 4G hotspot is very helpful for us because we're in a rural area and can't get cable or DSL (but, the 4G LTE signal reaches out here and so we've been able to do away with our dedicated 3G data line with Verizon.)I still have to occasionally turn the whole phone off--completely shut it down--because some functions cease working properly.  This isn't a bad thing, and should be done relatively often, anyway. It's just an annoyance.I wouldn't buy again, would not recommend to someone else, and I'm finished with Motorola. Their quality control doesn't seem to be what it once was.  I'll switch to HTC or Samsung next time.

Nice looking phone.  You have to modify half of the convenience out of it to keep the battery alive all day, and even then, if it's a long day, you'll be depleted before it's over.If the phone has any problems, the motorola agents are unavailable to help in any way except to offer to maybe repair it if sent in, for more than the cost of an unlocked version.It also did not work internationally...  Find a company that supports its products, that either is number one, or wants to be.  If you want an android, there are several companies that are HUNGRY for your biz.  Motorola is not.

After reading several reviews I was considering on waiting for the newer Razor Max to come out, but when my old phone kicked the bucket I went ahead and ordered this one. Other than the 1st day the battery has had plenty of juice. The screen resolution is phenominal (much better and larger than a coworkers Iphone4). Several reviews complained about the photo quality but it is as good as my digital camera and a lot easier to carry around. It is so light and thin that you forget it is in your pocket. It is easy to set preferences so it screen locks when placed in your pocket thus no more butt dialing. While the description says it runs ice cream sandwich it comes loaded with jelly bean. The upgrade was done easily by downloading it in the evening and ready to go the next morning. I would recommend it to all but the heavy 4g user since it does drain down the battery faster if you do a lot of downloads.

This phone has awful reception on the Verizon network. I don't care how slim it is or how pretty it is, when it drops the data signal several times every hour. After many hours on the phone with Verizon customer service, and in the store, and a replacement phone, I still have the same problem in a location where my old e815 used to work flawlessly. It is almost certainly a software issue, since I have never actually had a dropped call. However, I have seen a signal loss upon hanging up many times - hardly a coincidence. Data loss happens frequently, sometimes even without registering. The only indication I have is the simple fact that no data is being loaded. Also, often all it takes to magically regain signal is a restart. Here it goes:1. Frequent loss of data connection and talk signal. Sometimes it claims to have signal, but I can't make a call or connect to the internet.2. Can't charge while USB tethered and using the internet. It simply discharges more slowly. The swindlers at Verizon were trying to convince me that this is perfectly OK. Naturally, they couldn't tell me anything about the phone specs when it comes to rated power. Basically they were talking out of their @$$e$.3. Unintuitive and poorly designed user interface. Example: keep turning down the ringer volume and it will stop at 'vibrate'. If you want to go to full silent, you have to navigate a menu to disable vibration. Another example: taping on one of your favorite contacts DOES NOT make a phone call. It opens a popup menu asking you whether to call, IM on google talk, or view the contact info. Seriously?4. No way to return the ringtone for a contact to 'default' after assigning a custom ringtone. The only option is to delete the contact and enter it again.5. Verizon backup mixes with gmail and turns your backed up contacts into alphabet soup. Been calling the wrong people for weeks, and some contacts are simply gone.6. Horrible battery life.7. Packed full of bloatware that wants to charge you money for using it.8. The ringer is also the main speaker, located at the back. This means that a phone left on a soft surface (e.g. pillow, mattress, carpet...) rings quietly, even on the loudest setting.9. Responds slowly to a button press on a bluetooth earpiece. Voice recognition WORSE than on the e815 - a phone from 2005!10. "Technical help" completely ignorant. Their solution to my problems: reset the phone to factory settings. About 6h after I got the phone.I could go on, believe me, but I think you get the picture. Again, I had NONE of these problems, in the same location, with my old e815.I can't tell you what to buy, but DO NOT get this piece of junk, if you actually need a functional phone. It serves well as a decoration.Lost data signal 3 times (that I noticed) while writing this review.

Both Verizon and Motorola have known about numerous bugs on this phone for months. The problems started happening with the ICS update in June.The issues range from the inability to connect on either 4G or 3G networks to the phones becoming completely inoperable.  Google "Motorola Droid Razr problems after ICS" for more info.Verizon and Motorola were supposed to issue ICS bug fixes in August. Now they are saying the bug fixes will come sometime in September.Motorola just released new versions of the Droid Razrs this week.  They may or may not have the ICS bug fixes.  It might be smart to wait for the fixes before purchasing any Motorola Razr.

I ordered this phone on Tuesday and got it on Thursday.. and I absolutely love it.There was nothing wrong with the phone as far as a cracked screen or improper packaging. I have a thing for big phones and this one is  BIG :) Its very fast and easy to use. It is really thin but I can deal with that but I am going to purchase a case for it today. Verizon was really helpful with the setup and I've had no problems with the phone. I recommend it 100% !

excellent computer/phone. highly engineered. over engineered to beat their competitors. but they compromised when they used gorilla glass and didn't wait to do their homework. the gorilla glass DOESN'T WORK.keep in mind that you will probably be using this device for about 2 years. are you ever going to drop the phone? bang. and the manufacturer and your server will deny you a replacement but will offer you a repair for the cost of another phone. forget the insurance too. not covered. i have dropped my other phones a hundred times. more than that. no problem. DO NOT DROP THIS PHONE, even when it is in the case (skinny phone in a fat case?). mine fell on my foot from 2 feet (shirt pocket when bending over. very slippery phone. that's nice), bounced onto the floor and shattered the glass. and i am not alone with this.you will have this phone for 2 years.

product arrived quickly. droid was good phone before all the upgrades. I love Motorola but the phone doesn't like its own upgrades. need fixes for its own upgrades. the upgrades need personable design or organizable choices, or options. user friendly coices

I first got this phone about 18 months ago. Now, looking back, I HATE it.I'll go over the pros and cons, but first, my phone usage. I don't regularly check and send emails, nor take tons of calls. and I don't heavily game on my phone. I do however rely on wifi/data a ton, and various media apps, and occasionally game. I also listen to a lot of music, it's sort of my background thing wherever I go. So just to give you an idea of how I use my phone.The pros?-----------------It's beautiful. Sleek design, amazingly thin. System updates are relatively efficient, I got it at ICS 4.0, now I'm running 4.1.2 jellybean, and I love the UI.I've been using the phone unrooted for 17 months, and for those of you unwilling to void your warranty, even unrooted, there are a plethora of customization apps, and like any android system, this phone is compatible with everything, and rarely sees exceptions and errors.Another plus - it's super durable. I don't mean you should try throwing it out of a speeding car, but this thing can take hits. I've dropped it while standing, from around my chest height (and i'm pretty tall) onto concrete at least 10 times so far. Not a single crack. The frame has a bunch of nicks and scratches, but no performance issues. The waterproof coating is also great. I actually clean my screen with a wet wipe sometimes.The cons...----------------When I first got it, I used a texting app. Obviously, wifi isn't global, so I put my data on. While actively texting at about 40% screen brightness and running nothing but some background apps/services, I got about... 3 hours. Keep in mind this is a completely new droid razr, straight from the factory. While texting and browsing facebook, I'd get 2 hours. Even if I just left my phone locked in my pocket, I'd get 6-7 hours. Not to mention it heated up. Not too much, but enough for you to realize it's uncomfortable to hold.I also noticed that if I played certain games that I'm assuming had horrible gpu management, utilized a lot of webgl or 3d, my phone would give out within 2-3 hours of gameplay. AND, it'd heat up uncomfortably.In the 18 months I've used my phone, the battery has degraded severely. So if you're looking for a long term phone, run away.I'll also point out that the speed of the phone wasn't perfect. there was some occasional lag/freezes that I overlooked.Around 6-8 months in, so there's some wear.If i'm taking a flight or something, I have to bring my charger. with nothing running, no data/wifi, ONLY music, in the background, my phone doesn't even last 7-8 hours. Considering i'm only playing some music, that's pretty bad.I also notice that if I use my 4g actively for even 3-5 minutes, my phone starts heating up pretty bad. if I play some graphics intense game (like fps or 3d) for longer than 30 minutes, my phone will heat VERY bad. This heat issue just keeps getting worse. By the time i've hit 12 months, if I play any remotely cpu/gpu consuming game for 10-20 minutes, my phone will overheat. Play it for 1 hour, my phone will heat to the point where it HURTS to hold.Around the 12 month mark, my battery has also degraded to the point where active 4g browsing lasts 2 hours, and background 4g lasts 4-5 hours.At 17 months, my phone would slow down when opening simple apps, or settings, or something.I'm not a hardware expert, so all I can say is that everything is slowing down, and running things that the processor can't handle ends up overheating the phone.Also, overheating has gotten unbearable. My phone is often at times SCALDING hot, when I browse on 4g or play games. I can't play games for longer than an hour without keeping it charged.Active 4g use lasts but 1-1.5 hours.At this point, I rooted my phone, hoping that some root apps could kill some annoying tasks that were probably guzzling my battery. So I did it, and put some battery management apps.My phone is now approximately in the battery state it was around 10 months, with tons of backround services killed by task managers I installed.Today, I was out from 11pm-5pm. I had my 4g on for approximately 30-40 minutes in total, and listened to music for about 3 of those hours.I went from 100% to 15%.To be honest, I'm not sure if I got unlucky with a horrible battery or something, but I'm supremely dissapointed in this phones overall specs and long term use.If you want this phone, you should make sure you're looking for a 1 year phone that doesn't last, and isn't meant to stay unconnected to an outlet for long. In my opinion, it'd take a pretty rare case to make the pros outweigh the cons for anyone.It IS a beautiful phone though, and I feel it's pros are worth mentioning that if you want this phone, get the Razr MAXX instead. it has nearly 200% the battery capacity, and it's like 0.1 inches thicker. It's basically just the razr with the battery a little fatter. Trust me, that extra thickness is worth it.I also HIGHLY recommend rooting your Razr, whatever model it may be. Task killers that kill off some really useless system apps nobody uses have bumped my battery life up by about 40-50%, and it's definitely worth it.I'm also currently considering replacing my Razr battery with a Razr MAXX battery, and hopefully, that's not just a new battery, but one that'll last.edit: I recently bought a qq-tech razr extended battery case. You can buy it on amazon or ebay, and it bumps your battery up by about 125%. It works alright. It's a little fattening but it's definitely made my razr worth keeping until my next upgrade date.

I have had this phone for over a month now. I got this phone because its free. Read all the reviews and was worried about the battery life that alot of others were complaining about. well what I discovered is that it is a good phone for the average user. what I mean by that is if your not on the web all the time. the battery is fine and will last all day. Yes you will need to charge every nite. If your a heavy user on the web this phone is not for you. the battery will not last you long. As for all the other features of the phone, there fine. works great.

I decided to switch from AT&T; to Verizon after1) Becoming disillusioned with the quality (or lack there-of) of AT&T;'s network.2) Becoming fed up with the "walled garden" of the iPhone/iOS, and the poor performance of the iPhone 3GS in particular.3) Deciding to consolidate cell phone accounts with my partner, who has a Verizon phone.I did my research, and I decided that the Droid Razr met my criteria for speed, flexibility, expand-ability, not being an iPhone, and then the 4G totally sold me on the phone.  While I would have like to have had Ice Cream Sandwich out of the box like the Nexus has, I know a software update will come in time.  Anyways, I finally bit the bullet when I saw the phone on sale here on Amazon Wireless, so I grabbed it, and have used the savings to buy a dock on regular Amazon, plus an Otterbox case (which actually fits really well to the phone).The ordering process was pretty pain-free, though I had to "submit" my application a few times before it finally took.  I was surprised that I had two-day shipping; originally the phone was supposed to arrive via Lasership on the 16th, but to my surprise it arrived a day early on my doorstep!  Considering what I've heard about Lasership, I'll consider myself lucky.  The Droid box, SIM card, and bonus car charger (thanks Amazon!!) were all snuggly and securely packed, and the box was delivered in fabulous condition.Activating the phone was... Problematic.  Amazon Wireless tried at first to resubmit/activate my phone with Verizon, but apparently Verizon did not want to play well with Amazon.  The rep I talked to at Amazon, Emily, was extremely nice with me, and went out of her way to make sure I would still get the Amazon Wireless discount on my phone even if I had to go into a Verizon store to activate my phone.  Later in the evening I called Verizon Customer Service to get the phone activated, but they were no help and pawned me off onto the Telesales department, who also could not help me activate my phone and blamed the whole deal on Amazon Wireless.  So I called Amazon Wireless (at 10:30 at night!  These guys are awesome!), and Malachai listened to my situation and whooped some butt into gear at Verizon to get my phone activated for me.  You guys at Amazon Wireless deserve serious recognition for the awesomeness you all pull off every day!Once my phone was activated and it booted up, it was WOW!  The screen looks fantastic, Android OS is super-easy to navigate once you have the hang of it, and everything is organized in the logical and intuitive manner which iOS is not organized in.Now I've only been using the phone for a day, but here are my initial thoughts about the phone:Pros:-The screen is amazing.  It beats the crap out of the iPhone 3GS and iPad 1 screens in terms of brightness, depth, and ease on the eyes.  I would go as far as to say that it is almost a tablet-quality screen, but it fits in my pocket!-This phone is super fast!  Really this kind of speed/responsiveness is what I would expect in a bulky laptop, not a smartphone.-I absolutely love the "smart actions", and can't wait to play with them more!-This phone is built to take abuse, without a case on it.  The kevlar backing and gorilla glass are actually big selling points for me since I tend to be rough on small electronics.  Having a case and screen protector on it (the Otterbox in the Verizon Stores gives you both out of the box!) will just make it last longer in mint condition.-You have apps like Netflix, Kindle, and DocsToGo on the phone right out of the box.  I've maybe only downloaded four additional apps so far; you'd have to download all of those separately on an iPhone.-Once you experience data service (especially 4G) on Verizon, you will wonder why you did not get this phone (or a 4G phone in general) sooner.  It is like cable modem fast!-It is soooo much easier to move apps between screens on Android than iOS.-Price.  I got this phone during an Amazon Wireless sale for $40 with plan when it is normally $100.-Amazon Wireless customer service.  You guys rock!Cons:-Verizon customer service.  It seriously sucks.-This thing eats through battery like a hot knife through butter.  An hour of web-surfing on wifi will obliterate the battery; even leaving it uncharged over night will wear it down faster than my iPhone would wear down.-Maybe this is just the con of micro-USB charging, but this phone charges extremely slowly, much slower than the iPhone.-I know it will support the music files I have in iTunes, I'm just not sure how to get all of my music over just yet...-The web browser is different from Safari in several ways.  At least right now it appears that I cannot easily group bookmarks into certain categories or move easily between windows/tabs in Android as I can in iOS Safari.Overall my first impression is that this is a great Android phone for a disillusioned iPhone user to switch to.  Its great, really it is.  Just beware Verizon customer service.

The battery is pointless...if you are away from a charger for more that 1 hour...dont get this phone.  spend the extra $ on the razr maxx...which is MUCH MUCH MUCH better.The phone is fantastic, other than the battery....  razr maxx solves that.

I'm more than a little disappointed in this cell phone.  Many of the apps I enjoyed on my Driod X are not available on this one and aren't apparently available in the app stores either.  Furthermore the feature I most enjoyed on this phone, the capacity to print from my photo gallery to my printer, they just removed in my latest "upgrade!"  The commercial apps for this feature that are free are either for a limited use only--and therefore not really free--or have received low ratings of 1-2 stars from users.  The highest starred app is $13, so I'd have to pay $13 to get what I was getting for free before.  I can't help but feel there's a definite correlation here!  Does motorola have interest in the printer app market!?  Not happy.  So far the only thing I feel I got out of going to the Razr is a lighter weight phone.  I'm not sure it's worth it, especially since my new Verizon contract has limited data download and my earlier contract had unlimited download, something I might still be enjoying with my original Droid.  Live and learn.

best smart phone i've owned never expected so much from a smart phone fast big screen and i love ICS.

I upgraded to this phone from the original verizon/motorola droid i had for over 2.5 years and absolutely loved, it was undestructable and had no bugs. I upgraded to the new razr because of all the hype about gorilla glass and kevlar. This thing is flimsy. I have no idea why they chose kevlar as a phone material besides marketing. It is a fabric material that provides no structual support. I sat down in a car after having the phone for 2 weeks, the phone flexed just enough in my pocket that the screen cracked all over. Motorola was an insane carnival nightmare ride to deal with when trying to repair the phone. Ultimately they said they didnt have it in their database, I guess because it was so new. Customer service was basically useless, I finally got one girl who helped me out and got me a RMA#. I send it in and received it back about a week later UNFIXED! they returned it and said it wasn't in there system so they couldn't repair it. Called customer support again and they apparently had no idea why it was sent back to me. Eventually when I would call they would just send me straight to voicemail and never get back to me. They had no idea how to fix the situation and had no wish to help at all. My last 4 phones have been motorola. I had there first smart phone the "Q". I will never buy another motorola product again. I was very patient in the whole process.. I could have never imagined customer support could be this bad.I loved the phone for the 2 weeks I had it. Just pray nothing happens to yours. Make sure you have insurance through an actual verizon store or you are out of luck.

I'm on my 4th phone in less than 2 months.  This piece of garbage keeps crashing and having issues and I'm stuck sending it back for a replacement.  Do not get this phone.

Upon ordering this phone, I knew it would be great. Excellent customer service. I really enjoyed the phones features. I get excellent 4G coverage in my home town. Thanks VZW and Amazon!

this phone is horrible. I only used it for four days. I upgraded from my incredible 2 to try out the Razr. I returned the overpriced peice of crap faster then Ive ever returned anything. I got it only through Verizon (long story) for 'free' as in it would cost me $128 plus my bill and two year contract had I kept it. I purchased the  holiday Cranberry Edition. My Inc2 was faster, has a way better camera, and better screen overall.The Razr looks nice, the water proof nano coating is a plus, thiness isn't much thinner then my inc2. But it had a loud speaker.The camera was absolutely horrible, probably the worst out of all 8 mp cameras on any other make. Plus I had the well known but never fixed screen issue. If you own one check for black spots (kinda like ink blots) on the screen with a black background, in a really dark room. During the day my screen looked like it should but at night I could even see those spots shadowing any videos I watched, or games I played. Google it to see what I mean.But for a 'flagship' model these phones are crap. I never liked Motorola to begin with, this phone made me like them even less. I'll never purchase a Motorola ever again. I never had 4g the entire time I had it. For a dual core it was slow. And although it says 16gb only 10 is available thanks to bloatware. Most of the 1gb Ram is used by the phones features and OS. Games I could play on my inc2 effortlessly, and at full graphics, would lag or crash on the Razr even on low graphic settings.The UI is horrible, music player copies Apple all the way with the layout. Not as customizable as other phones. If your looking for a similar phone don't get this model, plus there are way better phones that beat the Razr all day, everyday. Dont give in to the gimmicks.Plus I'm leaving Verizon. I'm tired of getting 'future proof' phones that never get updated, its because of them not the manufacturer.I'm going to Sprint. Got the galaxy s3 for a penny $53.63 all told. Not only do I pay $30 less but I get more. So what if sprint doesn't have 4g LTE service yet. Verizon doesn't even have it in my area. I'm patient. Been paying Verizon to much for a long time waiting for them to make it worthit. They didn't and I don't plan on staying.All in all the Razr is 'ok' but even my inc2 would beat it if it was updated to the latest OS. It's all hype, that's all the Razr is nothing more. You ever realize why Motorola is only putting out Razrs now? Because they are crap, and all their other phones flopped, that's why..... An the reason most go Apple is because in order for carriers to sell them Apple can and does have full control over updates and bloatware.Verizon is good, but they are getting to expensive. And no matter what phone you choose, is rendered obsolete in a yr or less. Thanks to them holding back updates trying to force you into buying their newer phones. It's up to the manufacture also, but Verizon has ultimate say. I would stay if not for them lying, false advertisement, and if my phone was updated to ics. (The European version incredible S has Jelly bean) so my inc 2 is capable. I shouldn't be bullied into buying another phone and extending my contract, or rooting and voiding my warranty to get what I pay for and should get.You would think at the least the phones would last long enough or most of your contract. The retail prices are a laugh. Because if these phones were really worth that much why would you need to upgrade every two years? At $600 $700 you'd think they'd last a minimum, and be updated at least for 4yrs. But maybe its just me?But honestly, the Razr is horrible, its hype, why they still sell them is beyond me. Let alone make more models. That's why they have the whole buy one get one in store, cuz they suck. If all you ever had is Motorola, and you never tried any other brand, then you would never know what your missing.If I could I'd buy the HTC Rezound. It's a penny at the moment. O_o I've never seen it that cheap. Plus Dre Beat headphones....now that's a steal.

this phone is very well built, and feels great in the hand. The processor is snappy. It is immediately evident on turning on this phone that the display resolution is quite poor. I bought this phone after using the original Motorola's droid for almost 3 years, and text and icons appeared more pix elated on the razor than on my old droid. The battery capacity is just enough to get light to moderate users through the working day.The design of this phone has great potential, and Motorola is doing exactly the right thing by releasing the droid razor Maxx hd with a high-resolution screen and extended battery life later this summer. this will fix both the major deficiencies of this phone. I decided to return this phone, and will wait for the droid razor Maxx hd to come out on Verizon. Don't like the poor build quality of the Samsung Galaxy S3, and do not want to switch to AT&T; to get the HTC one X or the Nokia 900.

This phone has a recurring issue with cracked screens. The engineering provides no rigidity to the phone so the incidental flex caused by carrying it in your pocket will break the screen. Took 2 months for mine to break. The crack is consistent with a number of others i have seen on the internet.Motorola will not stand behind this product and says a repair (another flimsy screen in a flimsy phone) will be out of warranty and cost $150 to put another easily broken screen in your device.Buyer beware. Do not buy the Motorola Droid RAZR.

I have been using the Droid1 for three years now.  I loved that phone, but it was getting heavy, slow, and clunky.  So I did some investigating and bought this Razr.Let me tell you, I am not disappointed.  On the 4G network, this thing is the fastest phone I've ever seen.  The screen is beautiful, apps load instantly. The camera takes beautiful pictures and videos.  And I've discovered the Tango app (which allows video calls between phones that have the app)...I've been having a blast with that.I have a laptop, desktop, iPad, and iPod but I find myself drawn to this phone instead of all the rest of my tech goodies.I was most worried about the keyboard because I loved the pull out keyboard on my Droid1 as I typed on it with my nails.  However, after a day or so, I've gotten used to the on screen keyboard.  The screen and keyboard keys are big enough that I don't usually hit the wrong key.  But when I do, it has a really perceptive autocorrect feature (near the top of the keyboard) that I tap on to correct the wrongly spelled word.  Words I spell wrong are even highlighted in red so that it's obvious they're not spelled right...just tap on the suggestion and presto...my texts look like I have a PhD in English.  Since I use the phone alot for business, that goes ALONG way.The only con I have is that the battery drains fast.  Since mine is so new, I probably still have all sorts of stuff running in the background that I've yet to figure out what's there.  Also, I am constantly using it...just because I can't put it down.  Once the novelty wears off, I'll prolly get better battery life.  But, for now, I just take my charging cord to work with me and charge it back up.This phone will rival your desktop, laptop, and tablet.  Really.  If the screen was bigger, it WOULD be a tablet.  I'm thinking about selling my iPad because seriously, I haven't touched it since I got this phone.  This does everything it does and more because I'm not tied up with the iTunes rules.  I can download whatever I want.  I love Apple just as much as everyone else does, but that iPhone is tiny compared to this.  I compared them both and the screen on the razr is literally twice as big, but the Razr weighs less and fits fine in my pocket.My favorite apps are: GPS, News, Tango, Netflix, Pandora, Lose It, Acupedo, Facebook, Twitter, Paltalk, Words with Friends, and Tune In Radio. I haven't even looked into games yet...cant wait to discover some good games!

This phone was bad. the screen broke the earphone jack stopped working,the speaker blew out.and the is the second one i got. The first one stopped working with 4g. This is not including the poor battery life,adds i kept getting.I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

I loved my RAZR from Feb until Mothers Day when my screen mysteriously cracked on it's own!  I made a call no screen crack  I put it in my inside suit jacket Pocket (a very loose fit)  take my phone out to make a phone call and there is a huge hairline crack all across the screen.  This phone has never been dropped, thrown, stepped on sat on or otherwise abused.  I to did the Verizon/Motorola dance where both implied this Never happens and is not a known issue.  It's physical damage and voids my warranty.I point out that there is page on Verizons website forums page exist for this very problem, the manager at Verizon tells me she's had hers since November with no problems. well good for her. I don't have insurance because this is my 4th smart phone and I've never had a problem.  If you go to Verizon's own website/ forum you will find 60+ others who have had the same issue.  Even an otterbox doesn't seem to help.

My name is Eric I drive a tanker truck for a living and was on top of my trailer standing and droped my phone about 15 feet onto the blacktop glass down and did not crack and only had a little scratch on the edge so i think its very durable

I bought the phone with a 2 year contract at Verizon and had it for about a year.  The phone worked fine and had many good qualities to it for about a year.  I reached into my pocket to pull out my phone one day and noticed there was a huge crack in the screen that rendered the phone useless because the screen was completely black.  I am not the only one that had experienced this as I found in reading forums.  Gorilla Glass claims they have such resilient glass for phones but it does not make sense that the screen would break if I never dropped the phone.

Absolutely atrocious battery life, those who are saying it can't go 2-3 hours of use without needing to be charged are absolutely right. DO NOT buy this phone it is nothing but a headache. Perfomance wise it's a decent phone but battery life kills it.

I'm pretty peeved. I've had this phone for 11 months. The screen is shattered and there's nothing I can do. It fell from my pocket to the floor about 2 feet. Screw you Motorola!

I have owned 3 motorola phones, and just switched from a droid pro that I loved, but the huge display, and speed of the network and the speed of the phone itself makes the razr my favorite.I was a little nervous operating it with one hand before I put a case on it, but have gotten used to the larger size and love it.The battery gives you around 8-9 hours of heavy use.  My day and work start at 6am, and I have been able to count on it running until 2 before giving me a 20% warning.  But I keep a charger in the car and on my desk, so not a huge worry for me.Why pay 200 for an iphone 5 when you can get a year old phone for a penny that does everything it can and more.

The original RAZR flip phones were hot sellers because of their slim form factor and big screen. Much of the same can be said about the Droid RAZR. As slick as the design is, however, I found some major issues with the Motorola's version of Android OS and the battery life. Of course, battery life was also a big issue with the original RAZR. Anyways, I work in an office where there is spotty signal, where the phone has to intermittently switch from 3G to 4G to no data signal. This seemed to cause the phone to occasionally heat up even during standby mode. I've tried turning off the 4G LTE, Bluetooth, WiFi, GPS, in some combination or another, but the battery just did not get me through a normal 8-9 hour work day. This was very disappointing given that the phone usually sat on my desk or in my pocket unused during that time. Some texting and 10-15 minutes of web browsing with all the wireless modes turned on resulted in 15% battery left by 1pm, after an overnight charge! The OS also seemed to stutter on occasion and was generally not as polished visually or functionally as the HTC sense version (Sprint). I ran to the Verizon store after a week and gladly paid the $35 stocking fee to exchange it for the iPhone 4!Conclusion: If you like the form factor of the new RAZR, go for it! But make sure you have good reception throughout the day and you don't use your phone very much, especially over 4G connection.

I love my razr!I bought it over 6 months ago for 300$, and have enjoyed it ever since.The Good-The Screen: It is well above average. It is very nice to watch movies and videos on.(More about the downside of it in the bad section)-Durability: This is by far the most important thing to me. Most people on my campus have iphones, but this blows them out of the water. I have dropped my phone, had it stepped on, and gotten it wet multiple times, yet it always comes right back on.-Performance: It used to be the best in its class when I ordered it in November. I would say for the average user who watches a few youtube videos, and only streams occasionally, then it will be fine. I have watched Espn Mobile on livestream, and it usually does quite well.The Bad-The Screen: For all it's goodness, it does pixelate a bit.-Buttons: They sometimes don't register, although it is second only to the iphone as far as controls go.ConclusionThis is a sweet phone! The majority of people will consider it against an iphone, but for the price you really can't beat it nowadays. I paid 300$ for it, and do not regret it one bit! If you are a college student, the durability alone makes it worth the value.

Have had the Droid Razr 4g almost a month now and have had no issues. I read reviews about horrible battery life and honestly if you don't run apps all day the battery life is pretty good. I have had no problems and am glad that I decided on the Razr despite some of the reviews. I have a bodyglove case on it and have dropped it twice, minor drops but still drops nonetheless. No problems :) I love this phone!

I will not go into detail on all the ins and outs of the phone but will focus on a few key items:1. The price was right when I got it, and if its not at this moment, then wait.  I got it for free around 2.5 months ago.  If its not free now, it will be, or look for another highly rated Android for $50 or less.  I did want the Razr Maxx for the battery, but at the time, it was $200, and I could not justify the extra coin for a little more juice.2. The battery, true, is not the best. I knew that walking in so I will not whine about it now. 99% of the time, it is enough for the day...and when I see it sapping out, I can easily put it in battery saver mode.  (#1...keep the screen off when you do not use it...they also have a feature that shows which item pulls the most juice, and its always the screen.)  I may get the PowerGen Black Mobile Juice Pack for $23.00 for when I do not have access to plugging it in.3. Get a cover for it:  Motorola Droid RAZR XT912 Shell Holster Combo W/ Kick-Stand -- this goes for less than $7.00 and provides full coverage.  Best cover I have ever gotten for any price.  Also, do not recommend getting a screen protector.  The glass is tough, and I have never found any that do a good job at removing glare.4. The 4G service is spotty in the Boston area.  Hit and miss, but do not blame the phone for it.  When it works, its great.5. Camera is good, but not as good as the current iPhone. Not a deal breaker...I just found where it has this panorama stitching feature.  Very cool.  This can possibly improve with getting the right app.  If you have a great app to recommend, let me know.6. The Google GPS (Navigation) rocks the house...a HUGELY helpful service.  I did get one of those suction cup holders for the window.  Works well...just make sure you have it plugged in when using (and your car adapter is long enough...fortunately I still had one from an earlier BB...the one that Amazon threw in was cheap (but works) and too short for this application.In addition -- it now comes with the newest version of Android (Ice Cream Sandwich).  It was not clear when I bought it that they would upgrade this to the new version, but it came across over 2 weeks ago.  See, when you buy an iPhone, you need to get a whole new one to get all the new software bells and whistles...not so here.  The new SW is a big improvement on many many levels.

I liked this phone: the display is nice, there is good voice clarity on the phone, and the camera is quality. But the so-called "gorilla glass" is more like a fragile piece of china! It's a mystery to me how the glass on mine shattered, but judging from a basic internet search, I am not alone. I wouldn't buy this phone again.

Being a total Mac head, switching from the iPhone to the Droid got some getting used to. Definitely the Droid is not as user-centric and it gives you so many choices (not just to you, to the app developers as well, and that ends up in menus that you have to look for as their placement is not consistent) but the quality of the Verizon network, the speed (incredible!), the phone's resistance to accidental damage (and I mean, a cold and sweaty soda placed by it inside of my bag does not create any issues). If you are like me, you might want to also take some of Verizon's workshops as they are free and help you get acquainted with the device. A couple of things I absolutely love about the smartphone itself: the GPS with Traffic for free and the camera that allows me to take panoramic and multishot pictures that are stunning!Disclosure: I am participating in the Verizon Wireless Ambassadors' Program and have been provided with a wireless device and three months of service in exchange for my honest opinions about the product. All the opinions expressed and experiences shared on this post are personal and not Verizon's or anybody else's. [...]

I received my Droid Razr a few days and I have explored everything on this phone. Most complaints in other reviews are about the battery life. Well I want to know what the hell the are doing? I have little to no problems. Yes it can drain if you're playing a game or using gos and 4g twenty four seven. It has an awesome power control toggle that will allow you to help save energy as well as many other apps and ways to conserve energy. This phone most definitely is the fastest phone I have ever had taking little to no time at all to download any apps or connect to any of your searches. The other really good surprising thing is the phones music ability. I thrive off good music and I was originally going to get the 169.99 dollar HTC Rezound for its music ability but later changed my mind for the cheaper phone. Well I gave up on my music thinking this would have the same music capabilities as the first Droid. It is much better and deserves more credit than it gets.I would recommend the Droid Razr to anybody with it's price and all it's features. Plus it is getting the Ice Cream Sandwich update as well. What is not to love?Well it does have a bit of a lag. Sometimes it will hesitate on it's movements. It is not too bad of a problem considering all the things it's having to do at once but it is most noticed when you are unlocking the phone. But if you don't multi task as majorly as I do it should run fine. Over all a good phone. If you want to make the expense you can always go with the Droid Razr Maxx. I believe in it's capabilities. But either phone is good.

This phone worked great and w/o warning, one morning after 6 mo. of gentle use, the screen was black.  The phone wouldn't respond to a soft or hard reset.  As I have with other phones I've owned I took the back off to check the battery.  I was never told not to do that with the RAZR.  Do NOT take the back off!  I was told by the Verizon employees there's nothing they can do since I took off the back.My boyfriend has also had trouble with his RAZR locking up numerous times after only owning the phone for a few months.Do NOT waste your $.  You will be without a phone in a few months and you will NOT be able to get a replacement!Also, the battery life is pathetic.

This phone worked OK for about 6 months and I really enjoyed using it during that time. It's a speedy little microcomputer and an adequate phone. The app selection was adequate (I'm a business/consumer user and don't really play games).Then the problems started.After 6 months, if I made a change to sound settings, I ended up with random music files blasting at 2am as a 'notification'.After the upgrade to ICS, my SIM card stopped working.After 9 months, the earphone stopped working and I could no longer hear callers during a phone call.After 12 months, bluetooth voice recognition stopped working.After 15 months, the phone stopped charging.Since it was out of warranty, Verizon would not replace the phone. Instead, I was offered $15 for a trade in. I didn't take it and now have a very expensive paperweight.I was a loyal Motorola customer for over 10 years, but I'll never buy another Motorola device again.======Pros:Processor speed4G broadband speedGood display qualityGood responsiveness of touchscreenCons:Operating system (Motorola skin) unreliable and buggyFaulty hardwareUsing phone as mobile hotspot requires daily reboot (and there is no means of automatically rebooting on a schedule)No way to turn off camera-click sound while taking a screenshot or rebooting

Originally I would run into several issues with my phone, but they were always something pretty minor.  For instance, if I connected my DroidRAZR to my Lapdock 500 the battery would die extremely fast.  Another issue I had was games such as Phase 10 constantly Force Closing.  However, these problems didn't take much away from a phone which worked amazingly.  After owning the phone approximately four months I lucked out and was able to upgrade my phone to Ice Cream Sandwich. After upgrading the OS this phone has been absolutely amazing.  It blows my iPhone out of the park.  Below I've listed some things which help to make the phone even better than stock, and since making these adjustments my phone has been flawless:1) Upgrade your OS to Ice Cream Sandwich--This should be done through your carrier once they release the update.2) Install an Ad-Blocker app (most need your phone rooted, but some don't!)3) Set up power-saver options from the Smart-Actions application to save battery!4) Turn your screen brightness down! (By default it's extremely high)5) Turn 4G connection off and download a 4G widget switch so you can turn it on only when you need it.6) "Freeze" bloatware applications.  Uninstalling these can cause problems, so only freeze them.7) Install the Amazon app store and receive free apps every day!Once ICS is install on your DroidRAZR Lapdocks change from something that's "cool to say you have" to something you can use anywhere.  My phone now goes a full day with moderately high use with about 40% battery remaining, and a full down with below-average use with approximately 75% battery remaining.  In addition, the Lapdock has now become an extension to my phone rather than an application that runs on my phone which makes applications such as Netflix which previously caused issues to work now work perfectly.  As if all of that wasn't enough, since my OS has been upgraded I haven't had a single application force close on me.

I bought this when it came out and I regret the purchase.First, let me be nice to Motorola and say that Smart Actions is a great idea that is well executed.  You can do the same things, and more, with the app Tasker, however Tasker is for more advanced users.  Smart Actions is very easy to use and works great.  Also, the phone is impressively light.Now, why do I hate it?-The display is ugly.  I had an iPhone 3gs before I got the RAZR and I found myself preferring it's display to the RAZR.  I just purchased a Rezound on eBay to replace my RAZR and it's night and day.  This alone is reason to avoid this phone.  Oh, and I already have burn in...in only 5 months.-Errors.  I can't search in the Apps drawer because it errors every time.  I also get authentication errors and random service errors everyday.-Hard resets.  I've had to do hard restarts about a dozen times because the touchscreen stops working or it goes haywire or it restarts itself.-Motoblur makes life harder, not easier.  I still vastly prefer the iPhone interface, however HTC Sense is way better than Motoblur.-Size.  It's only slightly wider and longer than the Rezound, but it's more awkward to use one-handed.  The problem is the sharp corners.  They poke into your palm when using them and interfere with the natural hand positioning of a large smartphone.  i.e. with the corner in your palm and your fingers and thumb on the sides.  Again, my iPhone 3gs and Rezound feel much more natural in the hand.-Battery.  Yes, I expected poor battery life from a 4.3" phone with 4g, but with a sealed case there is no way to buy an extended battery (like I did with my Rezound) or bring a spare battery and swap it.  The MAXX solves this by putting in a huge stinkin' 3000mAh battery, but with this version you are stuck.-The camera is slower than death both in focusing and shutter.  It's slow enough that I found it almost unusable on anything but still shots.  If you are trying to take a picture of something moving the delay means I often missed what I was trying to take a picture of.  I think if you used it often enough you could adjust your timing to make it work, but I couldn't.-It's just ugly.  I thought I would grow to accept the look of the phone but it's just plain ugly.  The wide bezel and sharp corners and hunchback just look strange.  Also Motoblur is ugly.-The thinness is useless.  Motorola made a big deal out of the thinness of the phone, but only 80% of it is thin and the rest is not....so that impressive thinness does absolutely NOTHING for you.  Zero.  It was nothing but a marketing gimmick.  What would've have made more sense it to put a larger battery in that thin part...which they did with the MAXX.I could continue to pick nits on this, but at the end of the day there are waaay better phones.  The Rezound isn't perfect, but it's night and day compared to the RAZR.  I used the Galaxy Nexus at Best Buy and liked it.  Not to mention the MAXX.  Hey, I'm not saying the RAZR is unusable.  Battery life on a 4G phone is a HUGE factor and the MAXX's battery is so massive and it doesn't add hardly anything to the size of the phone that it could make this a worthwhile phone.  (Soooooo Motorola, why didn't you come out with this in the first place???)  Of course, you can also just buy a Rezound with the extended battery if you can live with the added thickness.  I did and I can.

I went to verizon 2.5 weeks ago when my blackberry storm died. It was under insurance but since it was the 2nd blackberry that died I wanted a different phone. I was informed insurance wouldn't put anything towards a new phone and since I was up for renewal I could just buy a new phone.Anyways I knew nothing about android phones. I wasn't even told that droid and android are totally different things and there were a lot more phones I could have selected from in store. The salesman outright lied to me about battery life. He told me it was the latest phone and the battery would last all day even with using email and web. Well the battery lasts 2-3 hours with heavy use and 6 with light use. My screen keeps refusing to rotate and the only wat to fix it is to power it down completely and turn it back on. My keyboard keeps popping up a message saying it has to force stop. I brought my phone to the store with these concerns. I was informed that the battery life was "normal" and there is nothing wrong with the phone. However if I want a replacement they will ship me a refurbished phone. Excuse me I just bought this phone less than a month ago. My phone is new so I expect the replacement to be new. I talked to tech support and they were going to ship me a brand new one but would have to charge me $200 and would refund it when they received the old phone. Well I didn't have that so I was told to go to the store I bought it at and they should be able to trade. So to the store I go. The manager helped me as I had already been in and was told the issues I'm having are normal. So the manager calls tech support and tells me there is no record of the exchange the tech had started to process but never completed as I didn't have money. The manager outright told me it was my word against theirs. They have no proof so I'm wrong. They could sent me a "certified" preowned or refurbished phone. She also added that none of her employees would have made the claims the salesman made in front of my mother and I. She heard him too. He said. Battery life would be fairly comparable to my blackberry life. Well it isn't and I don't have an outlet following me around constantly. With this battery I could get stuck in a pretty bad situation and not have a phone to call out. So now I'm shopping around for a new carrier that won't screw me over. I told verizon to take my bill and shove it. I wasn't paying another cent until they decided to fix this issue. I've been a customer for 8yrs and this is how the repay me. They told me the person whose name is on my bill wohkd be responsible for the bill however they are filling for bankruptcy so verizon and stuff it. I'm getting a sIII as soon as it is available and trading this phone if for credit towards it. After the wayy I was treated, I will not use verizon anymore. They chased away a customer that has been with them a very long time.If you want a phone that you can use for more than 3 hours, don't buy this phone. The battery is crap and cannot be removed. If you really want a droid get the maxx. Otherwise check out all the other option available.

Upgraded through AmazonWireless for $49.99 w/ free 2 day shipping. Activated through Verizon Wireless online took about 5 min. Phone is great with no issues. 4.3" Screen has great clarity. Google Play Store has a ton of apps, alot are free. The operating system can be tailored to your liking with alot of features. 3/4G is fast as is the wireless. Like most smartphones the battery life is not great but I can get through the day just fine. Navigation is spot on. Phone is thin, I have an OtterBox and fits in my pockets. I have had a few Android operating system/Motorola phones and so far this is the best. I cannot comment on any poor reviews because I do not have any problems.

Google is trying to ignore the existence of Microsoft by requiring the installation of Google apps.  Then giving a syncing app to transport Outlook data to Google calendar, and then via wi-fi or 4G making the calendar on Razr look like the Google calendar on your laptop.  This is a convoluted process and in my case has failed several times.  Google help does not recognize the error code I am getting when the sync fails, and includes a broken link which dead-ends my efforts to fix.If you can abandon Microsoft OS products, Motorola Razr is a spectacular gadget, albeit a large 'phone needing both hands to hold if you are small.

This is my first smart phone and I am loving it. With a little bit of play, I have learned how to use the different features. I always thought "I don't need a smart phone". Now I will never have another phone that isn't. My husband got a regular phone the same day. He too thought he didn't need anything special on his phone. After all the different features I showed him on my phone and he played with mine a little bit, he took his back and traded it for a smart phone. The first day that I had it after letting it get a full charge the charge did only last 5 to 6 hours. The following day I received a call from Verizon Customer Service to see how my service was. The customer service rep gave me some pointers as a first time smart phone user. The one app that she told me about that has helped me the most is Green Power. This app does different things to your phone to reserve the charge. Such as turning off WiFi when not in use. I went from having to charge it after 6 hours of use to every other night. I am sure that there are probably other apps that do the same thing. I recommend that if you don't download Green Power that you atleast use another app that does the same thing. All and all I love the phone. If you haven't owned a smart phone before, I definetly suggest getting one. The Droid Razr 4G is a great phone to have.

I got this phone at Verizon's recommendation. I then found it would burn through a full charged battery in about 2-3 hours. I would hate to see it once it's been broken in a while.At Verizon's recommendation they have you turn off 4g, bluetooth, wifi, and basically everything that makes this a smart phone. Even with that, the phone burned through a charge in less than half a day due to the poor reception where I'm located.Verizon will not even admit this is a problem with the phone. They will only replace it for the same phone which has the same problem.I ended up spending my own money to return a useless phone and get the Razr Maxx.Just spend more up front and get the Razr Maxx. The battery lasts much longer and what good is a phone if it's always dead?Really terrible experience with Verizon.

Having previously owned multiple Android phones, I have mixed opinions overall, and was excited to try the Motorola DROID RAZR. For a while the trend for cell phones was to become as small as possible, but recently phones such as the RAZR reversed this trend, this is made clear by its massive 4.3" display. My previous phones had smaller 3.5" screens, so the RAZR certainly has a much larger feel to it. But the amazing overall thinness makes it feel great in your hand and allows me to hold it hands-free between my shoulder and ear, which was not possible with my previous phone because it was too small. The phone also feels extremely solid and durable even as thin as it is thanks to is Kevlar backing and Gorilla Glass screen (a total plus for a mom who drops everything!).One of the key features of the phone is its 4G LTE Verizon service, which absolutely lives up to its hype with one caveat - you have to be an area with strong 4G coverage to take advantage of it. Where I live Verizon service is not very good (4G or otherwise), and even though I see the RAZR show a 4G signal every once in a while, it's no faster for me at home than 3G (when it works at all). But when I'm out and about, the 4G LTE service is leaps and bounds faster than any of my older phones and lives up to the hype.My gripe with previous Android phones was "laginess" and random crashing and freezing of apps. The newer Gingerbread version is certainly better overall, but I still encounter random bugs from time-to-time.  The phone feels very faster overall and is very enjoyable to use. (Plus the display is just plain pretty!)The cameras are also great on the phone with an 8 MP rear camera that can record 1080p video, and a front camera for video conferencing.Battery-life has been pretty good for me as well getting me through most days, but I'm sure most "power users" would have issue getting through an entire day. Motorola certainly took notice of this and introduced the DROID RAZR MAXX not long after the DROID RAZR, which features double the battery life without sacrificing much in terms of overall thickness.Overall, I really like the DROID RAZR. It is by far superior to my previous Android phones in every way. Between the thinness, 4G LTE (where available), great camera and device speed, it has not disappointed. Now, if I could just get a cell tower closer to my house...Disclosure: I am participating in the Verizon Wireless Ambassadors' Program and have been provided with a wireless device and three months of service in exchange for my honest opinions about the product.

This has been a nightmare. The "gorilla glass" fractured all on its own after 3 months. Motorola did not cover under warranty. Their customer service wasted my time by asking me to send it in and then refusing to cover it. They violated their own policy which is to either cover it under warranty or return it if it was abused. Instead they offered to fix it for $125. ITS A SCAM.My complaint to their customer service email was ignored and yet they sent me a survey to ask how they were doing.This is an amateur outfit!Buy anything else - Samsung or whoever.Unfortunately I have 4 of these dogs with another 1.5 years to go.Should I bite the bullet and dump them now?Too bad they lost a formerly loyal customer by treating me with disdain.

I got this phone on a deal.  I paid $99 with a 2-yr contract.  I bought an Otter Box to protect my new phone.  Well that was a waste of money with this phone.  It gets overheated easily.  So when I went to take the phone out of the Otter Box, the screen cracked!  This was DAYS after I bought it.  The phone no longer worked.  So I had to buy a refurbished phone for another $100 (under the insurance policy).  This phone has to be reset every month or so, therefore I couldnt (and wouldnt) protect it with the expensive Otter Box designed for it.  So, of course, I later dropped my phone and the screen cracked.  This time, the phone still worked, but I couldnt have shards of glass all over the place.  So I went to replace the screen & it costs $300!  Ridiculous!  So I placed a screen protector and it did the trick.  All that occurred 7 (only SEVEN!) months ago!  For the past 3 days, the battery would not charge completely...no matter how often I reset the phone.  I couldnt use the internet or play the app games, because the phone would shut off.  Today, my phone just died.  Just as well, I was ready to take it out back and put 2 in it.  It's not even good enough to be a paperweight.

This is my first smartphone, so while I understand there may be a period of adjustment here, I spent a good 30 hours online looking up answers every time I had a problem and getting no help from Verizon customer/tech service with problems. I was very close to sending this back, but didn't. This is an edited/updated review after having the phone almost two months.The first thing I noticed was that the phone would turn off or go into sleep mode sometimes when I changed position, especially if I was using the Netflix app. The first time I charged it, it would kick into sleep mode as soon as I laid it on a flat surface while charging. After upgrading to ICS it happens much less frequently but still happens. UPDATE: The power off/sleep mode problem resolved after upgrading the Netflix app twice. The first upgrade didn't help, but when the second upgrade arrived a day later, that one did. I believe there must have been a bug fix in that upgrade.An app will still randomly turn on when I set the phone down on a surface or turn it to a different angle, but the addition of a pretty solid case on the phone seems to have helped. I can't tell you why, and maybe it's a coincidence, but only about once or twice a week does a random app come on when I put the phone down on a table. That used to happen constantly.When I got the phone it still had Gingerbread.  I found I used two things the most: The "ignore"/"answer" buttons when a call came in, and the Twitter contacts.  Updated to Ice Cream Sandwich the second day and both those things were gone, and the new ignore/answer buttons are wonky, not working half the time.Also gone was my ability to get texts in a timely manner -- suddenly my texts took 10-30 minutes to go through and 30-45 minutes for me to receive someone's text.  You can't have a real time conversation like that, and that is what I use my phone for.  Further, every time I went to Twitter from the home screen, it would disconnect me, and the sleep settings and ringtones I chose (from the default tones that came with the phone) never stayed once I went to ICS. UPDATE: The text issue has mostly resolved, after several very frustrating calls to Verizon. Despite saying that there was nothing they could do, I noticed that a dozen missing texts showed up while I was on hold with the third customer service rep. Since then, everything has been fine with only the very occasional dropped text.The battery life was never good.  I was charging it daily even though it sat idle most of the time, and if I used it for anything more than 2-3 minutes it got almost too hot to hold. UPDATE: The case I mentioned above makes the heat issue much more tolerable. However, the battery life on this really stinks. We used the phone for calls, texts, Twitter, photos, music and looking up info while on vacation a month ago and it was constantly running out of battery life. It would get low and I'd charge it for 1-2 hours from an outlet in the hotel room before heading out to the next place we were going and it would only charge up about 20-30%, which of course didn't last long. Very frustrating.I found the user interface pretty poor and not intuitive.  Maybe for those who had Gingerbread for ages, it made sense.  For someone just starting out, it was very strange.  Moving and deleting apps on my home screen took two hands and the luck of the Irish.  To answer a call, you went through two screens, one when you hit the phone symbol on the screen, then a second screen with 3 small buttons that weren't labeled.The backup list downloaded all my Gmail addresses and mixed them in with my phone numbers, and it was a huge mess.  Plus it kept a random six people from my Twitter contacts after upgrading to ICS -- the rest of the Twitter contacts disappeared and the ability to sync Twitter friends into my address book was taken away, so I couldn't add the rest of my Twitter contacts.The camera isn't very good. Focusing takes forever and half the time doesn't work. You do NOT want to use this for a situation where you'll want spur of the moment photos. Turning the flash off and on, zoom, and other features are very easy to use, but the photo quality isn't great. I have a six-year-old digital camera which works 10 times better than this phone, and you'd think with all the power packed into this thing it would have a good camera. Sadly, it doesn't.Sound quality on calls is as good as my last phone, so I'm pleased. Sound quality for music is also good, but using Winamp for Android on the phone for an hour took the charge from 90% to 20%.What I liked about the phone: The graphics were delightful. It played films well (when it wasn't shutting off randomly) and Twitter (when I could connect) and Gmail worked great.  The keypad was nice and I liked the suggestions.  So as a computer, it was very nice.  As a phone you could text on, though, it wasn't even close to what I needed.  I wish it had worked, I can't tell you how disappointed I am.

Personally, I am loving my razr. I have had it for close to three months now and can't imagine not having it. I can get so much work done and so quickly. For Easter, I am asking for a few accessories for it.I love the super fast 4G LTE that I get with this phone and Verizon. I love the larger screen that helps me to see everything on my screen. I LOVE the Droid (now Google) Marketplace. I LOVE that it is totally integrated with Google so my emails, contacts, calendar, etc are all in sync.However, the battery life is for the birds! If I don't really use my phone, it will last all day for a few calls and text messages. If I hop on the internet, I can watch the battery life being sucked right out of it. The plug for the charger is on the top of the phone, so I can't plug it in and use it. Maybe a longer cord or a faster battery, then I am ion Heaven! I have been told that should switch to the razr Maxx because it is just as fast, but the battery is better.**Disclosure: I am participating in the Verizon Wireless Ambassadors' Program and have been provided with a wireless device and three months of service in exchange for my honest opinions about the product.**

I read many reviews tonight on this phone and laughed. Let me explain something : i have had thia phone since june 2012. I work in law enforcement. I am in and out of the cruiser, doing traffic stops, etc. I dropped this phone 3 times and i don't have an otterbox. My phone has no cracks. This phone is great and its performance has been impeccable over several investigations.

Summary Review:The phone is greatDurability is terrible - IMO the phone needs to be wrapped in bubble wrap, hardly the marketing Kevlar, Gorilla Glass, nanoparticles that Motorola advertise on their website.Motorola Customer Service - TerribleDetails:Really enjoyed my Razr for 3-4 weeks, then I decided to take it on a run. As with my previous smart phones I placed it in a pack pocket without any other items in that pocket (except some tissues). I ran a easy 2 miles and got back to find 2 cracks in the screen (Gorilla Glass) one at the top and bottom of the phone.So I contact Motorola, and what a nightmare that turns out to be. Takes 4 or 5 calls and a couple of hours just to get them to send me a Fed-Ex label incorrectly addressed. Today I get an email from Motorola, telling me it's not covered under warranty and I have 2 options:1) Repair it with a $159 fee2) Return it as isI then call Motorola, and voice my complaint, that I didn't do anything to the phone that I haven't done with other smart phones, without any issues. I hadn't dropped, hit, fell on the phone, it was in a pouch in my pack, and from a 2 mile run it had cracked the screen. I then asked to talk to a manager, which required me to wait 20+mins without a manager coming on the line. So I asked for a manager to call me back, which they did (60-90 mins later) and I repeat the whole story.Outcome I end up paying to have it repaired.

I bought the Motorola Droid RAZR as a replacement for my Droid X.SCREEN: I prefer the larger screen (4.3") than the iPhone (3.5"). The RAZR screen may not have as much pixel density of the iPhone 4/4S, but it is still very bright and sharp.CONNECTIVITY: The 4G LTE is really quick.  Also, I use the wi-fi feature at home to decrease my data usage.PROCESSOR: The dual core 1.2 GHz processor is very quick. This should be the minimum requirement for any Android phone.OPERATING SYSTEM: Originally, Gingerbread OS was installed, but I was waiting for Ice Cream Sandwich OS.  I finally got ICS OS upgrage a few days ago.  Although ICS OS has a lot of nice features over Gingerbread OS, one of my biggest complaints is that my battery life decreased significantly, since I no longer have an option of using 3G.  4G LTE is the only option, which drains your battery faster, uses more of your data plan and heats up your phone to close to thermo-nuclear proportions.BUILD: The RAZR is very comfortable and very light. It is build with the highest quality of material.BATTERY: Awful. 3 hours of heavy use, 5 hours of moderate use and 12 hours of light use.  Who uses a smart phone lightly???

Droid, Finally a Phone that keeps up with ME ! I love this Phone Beats Sprint , Hands Down! I can do on this phone everything I need to do Email chat  Pictures Check updates on kids Get service ! Pictures Are Great . It is a Good design The Battery only goes when you are using live wallpapers all day .. let's use common sense there. I can create a doc while at a Practice and email to someone. I have been looking for this Phone . I will only upgrade to Another Droid Apple Who ?? Not for me I won't pay for a name only quality.

This is my third droid razor I'm on. Need I say more, the first one froze, the second one would shut on and off and would hesitate. Not sure about the third one yet but we'll see.

I have had my Droid Razr for over a year now and have had no problems at all with it.  Best phone I have ever had!

Very impressed with the DROID Razr! The screen size is huge, even bigger than my iPhone4 and I think the graphics are better/sharper/brighter. It's super thin and slips easily into my purse pocket. The biggest thing I notice is how fast it runs on 4G LTE. It's amazing. I have frequently loaded up a Netflix movie and handed the phone to my preschooler to entertain him while waiting around somewhere...streaming video is great...it's like watching TV only smaller. He also loves to play Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja which were free apps. I like how my Google account has everything synced on the phone so I can easily work with my Gmail, Picasa photo galleries, etc.My biggest complained is the battery...running it on 4G all day goes through battery power really fast. My iPhone battery usually lasts more than one day, but of course it's on 3G. As long as I remember to recharge it every night it's not a problem.Disclosure: I'm participating in the Verizon Wireless Ambassador program and received the DROID Razr and a three month plan in order to facilitate this review.

I've had this device for about a year now. I won't waste your time with a long review. This is a GREAT device. I've never had it freeze up. The battery last me around 10-12 hours with modest FB'ing , Instagram, Twitter, Google+, Foursquare, Texting and calls throughout my day. Everyone has their own type of usage. I didn't go RAZR MAXX because I love the super thin phone! 11 months, still going STRONG! Love my RAZR.

First let me start by saying that I've never encountered a "perfect" cell phone. We aren't there yet and everyone has different needs. I for one am an intense wireless user. I using calling, texts, email, social media, camera, news and music extensively. I'll touch on my thoughts regarding those uses with this phone, as well as a few other features.For social media, I use Uber Social, Facebook, Yelp, Instagram, Youtube and Foursquare the most. All of these programs work wonderfully most of the time. I wish all youtube clips were default set to allow viewing on mobile. Uber Social occassionaly lags with updating. Facebook is probably the most trouble-some with refreshing for some reason. Even when I'm using a wireless network. But, that's probably an FB issue. Yelp works perfect almost always, with the exception of when I'm traveling, it sometimes lags to catch up to my location when browsing what's near or needing to check-in. The photos I take with the Razr look great when uploaded to Yelp. They just introduced Instagram for android and thus far I've been VERY happy. Foursquare usually works pretty well but I use Yelp and Facebook more for checking in these days.I constantly check blogs and news sites. I don't utilize the apps for news sites mainly because they can be slow and I don't like them popping up as notifications on my phone. So, really no use for them. However, the CNN app has always been a favorite and works well on this Razr.The internet radio stations that come on the Razr with ShoutCast Radio and AWESOME! Better than Pandora. I'll use this when cleaning house, taking a bubble bath, waiting somewhere...whatever! It really comes in handy.I use GMail and it works really well. I prefer the GMail app and not utilizing the standard phone email app. It's much more precise.Calling is fantastic on the Verizon network and I work and travel in rural areas of Georgia so that's saying a lot! I wish they would cut out of a few of the steps in order to call someone. Touch screen can be tricky when on the move and such so it's slightly annoying.I use texting a lot and there eventually became two issues there. One, somehow my phone responds to first time texters to me with a "In a meeting" text and I've yet to resolve how to make it stop doing this. I've been able to apologize out of this but it's really very strange. Second, after I've read a text, it often still remains in the unread bold blue text. That's annoying having to go open it multiple times so it will show as being read. Not sure how to fix that either. I've had that issues on several droids.The camera is awesome, especially with landscapes. I really wish I were able to take self portraits without using the crappy meg flip face cam. It's impossible to try and take a self portrait the normal way on this phone. I've tried, and failed, many times. Have to be careful not to move when taking a pic as it can easily be blurry. Which is difficult when getting others to take a pic when never having used your camera before. Instagram does some great things with pics! A must free app.The sound is amazing, the screen looks great, wireless is super easy, tons of applications that run very well, albeit it lag in updating social media. This phone almost runs and maintains itself. Which is mostly good but bad when it changes settings on it's own and you don't know how to fix it! It's always constantly needed to update apps which is so very annoying!Overall, this phone isn't perfect but it is certainly equipped with all that I could ask in a phone, and then some. I just simply wish the battery were stronger to support comfortable use, especially long lasting when using the camera. It's been a good phone. Cool appearance and big screen is great![..]

Quite a mark-down since I bought mine last November when it was too new to be stocked. $750 price tag but, with a two-year contract, it sold for $299. And now it's a penny!!! Imagine that.It didn't take long to realize the non-replaceable battery was not up to the task of keeping the phone alive all day but, Smart Panel has been effective at extending battery life. Although, it does cause me to reboot when disabled services can no longer be reconnected. The display is great but it's what discharges the battery the fastest. So, not a good phone for watching videos on battery power. The GPS app is one that constantly displays info but can break even if you keep it plugged into the car's power port.The bad part about being so thin is that the camera lens geometry causes pics to appear as close ups. It does a good job in daylight - most of the time.One thing to keep an eye on is USB settings. If you allow it to connect to USB when it is plugged in, it will mount and map two drives and load Web page that starts playing a Verizon promo for cloud backup. I think some of the issues like  forgetting ringtones was caused by disconnecting the the USB cable without first safely removing harware.Bottom line, it's a pretty good phone with a few glitches to get used to dealing with. For a penny, it's a steal.

I don't write reviews often.  I have written them, several of them, I just don't do it often.  When I saw the RAZR only had 2 reviews, I decided to show a little love!So I have had smart phones FOR-EVER...  Starting with a Palm Treo 600 back in 2003-2004, maybe?  After almost 10 years, I can't imagine going back to a regular phone.  And I've had a physical keyboard all this time.  I have nails, and if you type with your nails, a capacitative screen isn't going to do you much good!When Palm stopped making the Treos (they hadn't come out with the Pre or the Pixi yet) I clung to my 700, desperately hoping they would release something.  Finally the phone was so old and ticky I had to give up and I switched to a Blackberry, which I loved almost immediately.  Just a few months afterwards, Motorola released the original DROID.  I was salivating, and kicking myself for not waiting just a bit longer!As soon as a year was up and I was eligible for an early upgrade, I snatched up the current DROID 2.  I didn't love it right away... Took me about a week.  I considered sending it back.  But after a week, I was hooked.  This thing was amazing!  I already could feel myself choosing the phone over my laptop!  Then, like an idiot, I dropped it in a friend's driveway and cracked the screen.  Verizon's insurance (which I had) said that they could replace it, but they no longer carried the D2, and they offered me an upgrade to the DROID 2 GLOBAL.  Cool...NOT COOL!  I HATED that phone!  I had Asurion replace it TWICE in the year I had it, the stupid things were so sensitive and ticky.  Everyone who knew me knew that you would generally hear a colorful line of expletives from me several times a day because of this stupid phone, taking up to 10 minutes sometimes just to make a call!  It got to the point I was afraid to even attempt to go to the Internet, let alone do anything while there. I counted the minutes until I was eligible for my next upgrade.And I knew I would probably get another Motorola Droid phone.  I had such a great experience with my short-lived D2, they couldn't ALL be like the D2G!  But here was the problem:  I still wanted a physical keyboard.  The DROID 3 had one, but I heard rumors that the D4 was on the horizon.  I figured it best to wait for that if it was so close.  Rumor after rumor about the release date of the D4 came out, but no confirmation.Finally, this past Christmas after the infernal D2 looked like it was going to crash AGAIN, causing me to have to reload everything AGAIN (it had done this several times, so I had gotten quite adept at keeping the important things backed up), I declared I couldn't wait another day or I'd have to be committed to an insane asylum, and headed for the nearest Verizon store.I wrote all of this because I wanted to illustrate that I am no smartphone newbie.  Long-term veteran here!I have NOT been disappointed.  The keyboard worried me.  But the screen on this phone is much larger than the D2G, and there is enough room for the pads of my fingers to touch down, despite my nails. Also, a little app you can get called SwiftKey X has AMAZING predictability features while typing, so I'm not typing as much.  I may have gotten over-zealous once or twice downloading something that caused the phone to get caught in a "reboot loop" and had to do the factory reset on it, but in no way do I believe that it was the fault of the phone.  I knew the RAZR MAXX was just on the horizon when I purchased this phone, but I was so frustrated with the D2G that I couldn't wait even another week.  From what I've read about the MAXX, the benefits aren't that drastic!  It DOES come with ICS already installed, and the rumors about when the RAZR will get the update are as cagey as the release of the D4 was.  The battery apparently lasts much longer, but this battery is quite fine for me. I believe the "on board" storage is bigger with the MAXX, but with SC cards that can go as high as 64GB, what does that matter?The only reason I gave it four stars is basically because I have managed to trip it up a couple of times.  If the phone has an app or file on it that's causing problems, there really ought to be some sort of diagnostics you can access to see what the offender is, and remove it!  Barring that, it ought to be able to run and eliminate those problems itself.  But it doesn't.After coming off of that horrid D2G, the RAZR is an absolute DREAM on a rainbow colored cloud!

Since this was my first step into the smart phone market, I did quite a bit of research on the net. My priorities were that the phone have a decent display and fast connection speeds. The RAZR has definitely fulfilled those requirements.I was a bit concerned about the large size, but I am getting used to it. You'll know when this thing is in your pocket. There have been complaints about battery life, but since this is my first, I don't have anything to compare it to. If I don't spend too much time surfing, the battery will easily last for the day. The display is a very big battery eater.Overall, I am way more than satisfied. The fact that I got it from Amazon in May for $.01 and free shipping was a bonus. The delivery and activation were quick and smooth. Connectivity is great and the speed from the Verizon network is very fast.Now if I can just get ICS rolled out to me. Maybe it'll come today...

The first thing you notice about the Droid RAZR is that it's lightweight and portable. It's super thin and fits easily into my purse with other items. It also fits into my back pocket and fits easily into my hand. It's not bulky or uncomfortable.But it's also very durable -- I have had it for two months without using a case and there's not a scratch on it. It is a little top heavy where the camera is located, but I've gotten used to that over time.The screen is gorgeous. It's bigger than that of the iPhone and the display is crisp and bright. Streaming videos is fast and the high definition video camera is wonderful.The battery life on the phone isn't that great, but there are Smart Actions built into the interface that help save battery. After installing the Smart Actions, my battery life doubled. Still, don't leave home without a charger. You might regret it.I had never used the Android operating system before, and there was a definite learning curve from iOS. But I attended one of Verizon Wireless' workshops and it helped immensely. I would highly recommend that.There are great features of this phone, including social media integration which adds your Twitter followers, Facebook friends and email contacts to your phone's contacts; customizable ringtones; widgets to keep track of your data usage; the ability to use the device as a mobile hotspot and a beautifully crisp camera.This is a great phone!Disclosure: I am participating in the Verizon Wireless Ambassadors' Program and have been provided with a wireless device and three months of service in exchange for my honest opinions about the product.

I have had a Droid Maxx for almost two years.  I haven't been more disappointed in a phone since I my first brick phone.  Well, actually that phone worked better than this one.  It disconnects from the network frequently, is slow to boot, requires multiple daily reboots and just freezes up for now reason.  Verizon is virtually no help.  I have returned it to factory setting and reinstalled everything several times.  I have take off apps, and done everything suggested.I would never have another Motorola phone.  Go to Samsung or someone who is good at software and forget these guys.

You want a smart phone that really doesn't work well? Then get this phone. Ridiculously bad battery life. Loses connectivity on the 4G network for days at a time. Many times the phone doesn't connect, or it connects but the other party cannot hear you. Don't like that and want to chnges phones? Verizon will only send you the same poor excuse for a phone but refurbished. Guess what -- same problems. Verizon's "excuse": "We don't make it." Of course Verizon doesn't make it BUT it sells it with its name on it. And proof that Verizon and Motorola know how bad this phone is? Just look how they rushed the Razr Maxx out to market!

There are only a few things you need to know about this phone, so I'll try to be concise.First, the build. Second to none. Kevlar, aluminum chassis, Gorilla Glass, super thin, etc. Love the industrial design.Second, the radios. This is where Motorola devices shine. If you can't get a signal with a Motorola on Verizon, there isn't a signal to get. From what I've read and seen, the RAZR will get a better signal than anything else on Verizon (yes, that includes the Galaxy Nexus and the 3G only iPhone 4S).Third, 4G. I get over 12Mbps consistently around town. For those who don't know what this means: I basically have cable speed internet wherever I go. It really is that good.Fourth, the screen. Gorgeous. There are screens that are technically better (Galaxy Nexus being one; iPhone 4S not even close), but you won't notice the difference unless you have a magnifying glass. Fire up some Netflix HD over your 4G connexion and enjoy the best colours and contrast on mobile!Fifth, the operating system. I LOVE Android! The only reason to get an iPhone over this is if you are heavily invested in previous iPhone/iPod/iPad apps (though I bet you could change over for less than the cost difference between this and the iPhone 4S) or if you simply must have an iPhone and you don't care if it's not as good. The RAZR has a bigger, better screen (more contrast and more vibrant colours), is thinner/cooler (iPhone 4S is looking dated; plus a glass back is just stupid), has 10x the speed on 4G, and Android is so much more fun and has so many more options for productivity and personalisation. It can be super simple, like an iPhone, or really customised. Widgets and live wallpapers alone are enough to make Android look cooler and be more functional, not to mention stuff like free Google Maps turn by turn navigation.There are a few complaints, as you can see from other reviewers, but they are either non-existent or easily managed. The main two are breakage and 4G eating battery. For breakage, I've found this phone to be quite durable (this is my fourth Android device, by the way). Do some break when dropped? Of course. It's a handheld computer, so it is fragile to a certain degree. That said, Motorola's done as good a job as possible in making it tough.As for 4G, it totally eats battery. Very true. One thing that's great about Android, though: you can choose which network is on or off. From your home screen, do this: Menu --> Settings --> Wireless & networks --> Mobile Networks --> Network Mode. CDMA/LTE is 3G/4G on, CDMA only is just 3G. If you don't need the speed (streaming HD video, downloading files, internet browsing with multimedia, etc.), leave it in 3G only and you'll get 17+ hours easy. Pop it into 4G and you'll get a nice speed boost. You can even get a shortcut on the Play store called something like 4G toggle which will take you directly to the last step I outlined above.One last thing. What I meant above about "getting better by the day" is the updates Motorola has already done to this phone. I've had it since November 2011 and have had two updates so far. My battery lasts longer and my internet speeds have literally doubled (on 4G; 3G went up by about 20% in speed). With Verizon expanding their LTE (4G) network and Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0) coming to the RAZR, it's only going to get better!

I have been using the Droid Razr for a little under five months now. This is my first time using an Android based phone and to be honest I was a little confused when I first used it but in no time I was able to learn my way around the phone.Adding apps is very simple and I love that you can create your own folders and keep every thing organized (which helps immensely when you have over 100 apps).The phone is very lightweight. Again it took me a bit to get used to it and I felt like I was going to drop it every time I picked it up so if you are used to a slightly heavier phone I would recommend putting a case not only to protect your phone but to help with getting adjusted to how light weight it is.I've read a lot of complaints on the battery life but I had no issues with it. The best way to save your battery is to put the phone in "Sleep Mode" when you are not using it. I traveled recently and kept my phone in sleep mode when I wasn't using it and managed to go three days without recharging.The 4g is one of the best feature of this phone. I have never had the 4g go out or any issues on using any processes that involves internet. For this one feature I would gladly give up my old iPhone and switch to the Droid.The camera is great for outdoors and so so for indoors but you don't buy a phone for it's camera capabilities, you buy it for it's usefulness and functioning features which I believe the Razr to have.
