
I was worried buying an iPhone online but I got this one and it works great. I love it. Its in perfect condition!

Great phone and great help with everything I needed. Great service and answered right away for any questions I had. Very happy.

I ordered the iPhone 4 8 GB and was very much excited when it showed up less than a week later. However, when I opened it all the excitement went straight out the window. I received the iPhone 3 instead of what I ordered. As I was in desperate need for a new phone, I decided to keep it and I'm actually glad I did. It is by far the best phone I have ever owned. I only wish it were the phone I had actually been expecting to receive.

I've really enjoyed the iPhone 4S 16GB I had before, but I got this iPhone 4 8GB for a great price. And she mailed it right on time. Almost mind condition and came with the charger and headphones. Thanks a bunch!

Phone could not be activated because it was reported lost or stolen,  very disappointing as this was ny wife's Christmas present.

maybe it was damaged in transit but I never was able to use it at all  the back was cracked  open

I purchased this phone for my girlfriend and it arrived within 3 days!! It was here well before the expected date, the look on her face when she opened the package was priceless. Everything was beyond my expectations! Keep up the wonderful work!!

Received my new phone so fast and it looks brand new!!! I works amazingly and everything that I expected!!! Love and obsessed!!!!!

This phone is in very good condition! No scratches or any damage. I'm very satisfied with this purchase!! I would recommend it to anyone.

Was. Ok

This phone had a bad esn and wouldn't unlock with a new plan.None of the customer service people could help me with this either, and kept making me call another representative or call verizon (who also couldn't help me)My first time ever buying from warehouse deals, and now I realize... if it seems too good to be true, it probably is.

Phone was 4 months old, but has come in and behaved like a BRAND NEW Phone!  Very Very Very Pleased.

I wanted to make sure I had all the information before I made this and they answered all my e-mails quickly and honestly so I can make the right buy. It came within three days, bright and early in the morning. Hooked the phone up with no problems, phone was well taken care of with a thick screen protector. Great seller, I would recommend him to anyone. Fast, Friendly, Reliable and cares about their customers

First of all what it says about the Iphone is totally different from what was mailed to me. I received the iPhone 4 8gb with the carrier sprint!! Not Verizon how it was described. It says it had a crack in the back of the phone what it didn't say is that there was a long crack on the front of the phone as well.. It has some wear on the corner overall I was not pleased with the phone. The seller didn't mention the wear it had on mostly all four corners. Second of all not so good customer service.. I promptly mailed it back to the seller I had to pay the shipping myself cause he didn't provide that even though he sold me a totally different described Iphone I have not gotten a reply from the seller nor my money back!! I'm not happy at all with this. I'm still waiting for this matter to be resolved.. I'm not buying anything else from this seller...

They delivered all the way! It was on time and exactly what was promised and more. They upgraded the device to a 16 GB for free! My daughter was exstatic. Thanks!!

Phone worked fine. No scratches. Arrived quickly.  I was pleased with my purchase. My daughter got her phone stolen and needed a replacement.

I was under the impression when I bought it that it was AT&T, that's what I searched for and because I bought it as a gift and it wasn't opened until later it can't be sent back. So I'm stuck with a $200 phone that I can't use and to keep my promise have to get another one. Just wasted my money!

I bought the iphobe for my daughters birthday we wasn't eligible for a upgrade...she wanted a iPhone so bad I was worried that I was gonna have a problem adding the iPhone to my account but I did so with no problem and the phone was in perfect condition...very satisfied teenager

The vendor Was great to work with. The product arrived ahead of time which was great since it was a birthday present.

The Phone is ok, new as described, but to my opinion will need more description in products as type of phone GSM or CDMA, and some small details which can make buyer easier to decide. In Overall the seller is OK, and the phone is brand new. All recommendation for the Seller

Good as new and for a lot less than cellphone carriers were asking. Functions great and has very minimal visual wear.

I choose 5 stars because I ordered this phone for my teenage daughter who likes the 4. It came early, charged and in a like new condition. Will buy from again and recommend Buyback Boss LLC! Two thumbs up!

came as advertised

would not recommend buying from this person at all. bad idea. The phones cannot be activated by a carrier because they have a bad esn, which means they are reported lost or stolen. His quick scam to make money

Great deal for a refurbished iphone 4. I wanted to upgrade my wife's cell phone to an iPhone 4 and for less than $200 I was able to get her a GREAT PHONE. It works well and she LOVES IT!We've had for a month now and works great. The battery life is longer and requires less charging time.It's a win/win.

I'm dumping my land line and had to wait to upgrade my phone via my wireless company.  So I opted to buy my phone, no need for a new contract now.  LOL  The phone is exactly as it was advertised and perhaps in a little better shaped then I expected.  Thank you.

It wasn't Verizon as advertised and when I took it on to Verizon, the lady looked it up and its carrier was Sprint! Totally eastebof my money and time

i did not like it because the seller did not describe this item well and nowhere in the description did it say there was a crack and it took very long for him to shp it it was scratched the edges were bent and cracked i did not like it at all

I purchased this phone as a birthday gift for my son. It was so easy to set up, activate, and transfer all his information and games from his IPod. I received it super fast too which was a plus! Highly recommend this phone!

Nothing more really needs to be said about the Iphone.  But, this phone worked perfectly with Selectel Wireless.  It was brand new in the box and we received it the very next day.  We couldn't be happier and we ordered 2 of them!

I returned this phone as it was not what I wanted. It was too small and they did not send a charger with it.

I bought this for my daughter, it came on time and works perfectly. I read the reviews for the used phones and they were bad so I bought mine new. Great phone.

Thanks for the phone, good price and amazing communication. Although it didnt come with a charger it was fine because i already had one.

My phone arrived today. I love it so far. It worked, I previously had a droid. I heard the battery does not last long. I will charge it every day than.

Sold me a defective phone.  Will not update.  Will not download music from iTunes.  Has not responded to my message to them about return.

This phone is everything I wanted in a phone. This phone is what I have been wanting for a long time and now I can finally download apps I need and browse the internet as with other phones there's a limit to it.

I bought a refurbished one and there were a few scratches and dents which i didn't mind, about a day after it was sent to me I noticed a small dead pixel in the right hand corner. Which bugged me a lot. I went to the apple store and theyv said they can replace it with a new one  for $80. this phone is so cheap and worth it and if its broken its cheap to replace, even with a warrant. I high recommend this product.

I bought a iPhone 4 from Verizon for $140 I honestly thought it was going to be horrible, but I ended up eating my own words. This was an amazing iPhone 4 for the price it wasn't  cracked anywhere I'm so thrilled with the outcome.

The phone was above and beyond what I expected. I am very happy and excited with the phone and I am very happy with it. It works great and looks like new. Great Transaction!

Received phone in excellent condition.  When I called to activate it with verizon they told me the phone was on the STOLEN list and could not be activated.  Awful experience.  They kept telling me it could be corrected but it never was.  I finally sent it back after waiting 5 days and did receive my refund.

Is really unlocked? I cant open to put my sim. Can i to put? I cant use like a phone only like a cam

Thank you for the phone. It works great. Just sent a crappy case with it. Was broken won't work. Thanks again.

I bought this phone it worked.  Then I dropped it.  Went to replace the screen it was definetly a refurbished phone!There were screws missing and no waterguard!  Do yourself a favor and save and buy a refurbished one at least you know what your getting!

First time buying something used. The phone arrived on time for my daughter'sbirthday. Overall it did meet my expectations.The phone was just a bit dirty and missing the wall plug for charging.It was a fair price and has been working fine!

Its been a month since ive had this phone and its amazing; came in like it was fresh and brand new out of the box :)

The cosmetic condition of the iPhone is great but I can't  use the notification center from the top of screen. The problem has been present and I can't solve it.

little scratch on the screen but so far good condition. little scratch on the screen but so far good condition. Thank you

Got here quickly, I had no problems with signing on with my service. The only thing that was unexpected was that I had to update it to the iOS 7, other than that it's perfect!

I'm still becoming familiar with it but have been pleased with the features it has and the ease of access.

I really like it best phone ever a few scratches but it works great!!!!  I would really recommend it. Love it!!!!

I lost my IPhone and found with my business that I was lost without it.  After a week of using one of my old phones, I ordered a new IPhone and everything is running smoothly again.

Kind of slow...in every aspect (sending messages, loading, etc) Crappy autocorrect and very poor camera quality. If you absolutely needed a decent working smartphone this is a good find (especially for the price that was asked for it), but if you're impatient (like me), I would not recommend this one.

Not one single thing wrong with it. Came in in great time. I was happy with this phone. I was.

The iPhone 4 (regardless of your cell phone carrier) works best if it has a case. There was some issue with the iPhone 4 and the quality of the internal cell phone antenna. Without the case, I drop from full reception to only one bar. I had the same exact issues when I owned an unlocked iPhone 4 which I used with T-Mobile. So I highly recommend also purchasing an external case, to protect your phone as well as improve the cell phone signal.Definitely you need to understand what you're buying. This iPhone will not work on any wireless carrier other than Verizon. You can't take this phone and switch over to AT&T; or T-Mobile service, because they use a different cell phone technology than Verizon. A lot of the unhappy user reviews posted on Amazon for this product suggest to me that in many cases, the buyer just didn't understand what they were purchasing.Another problem may be with the prefilled Amazon product description. This is not technically an "unlocked phone." An unlocked iPhone is one that will work on different cell phone carriers, so some people may have bought the phone relying on the word "unlocked," which is completly inaccurate and misleading. This phone will only work on the Verizon network.There's no SIM card slot on the  Verizon iPhone, and by design, there's no memory card slot either. You'll have to live with the 8 GB (actually closer to 6 GB) of space available on the phone. I've kept my iPod for listening to music - my primary reason for buying this iPhone 4 was so I could use it as a phone.My final suggestion is this: anyone who buys this iPhone from Amazon should not wait to activate it with Verizon. Even if you've bought it as a gift, don't wait to make sure the phone works, because on the off-chance the phone was reported lost or stolen and deactivated by Verizon(a "bad ESN"), you will need to get in contact with Amazon right away so you can send the phone back for a refund. This is one of the advantages of buying directly from Amazon - you might pay more money but at least, if you buy from them (and not from one of their third-party sellers), you have Amazon customer service to watch your back. Just make sure you're buying the iPhone on a sale page that says "fulfilled by Amazon."  This is the one you want, because at least you know Amazon will stand behind the purchase.

I would recommend this product to anyone who did not want to pay the price for a brand new phone.  This phone was in extremely good condition.  The esp was clean and the phone works perfectly.

I have always been an apple supporter.  I am actually typing his from a mac book pro right now.  However, this phone... this phone...  Where do I start.  I have had this phone for quiet some time now.  Yes, it looks sleek, however the screen is tiny and made from glass.  The back side of the phone is also a glass substitute.  This means that if you drop if (luckily i have not yet) it will crack the exterior of your phone.  Who on earth puts glass on a cell phone. But this is not even the most upsetting part, and maybe I should direct this anger and frustration more towards apple themselves.The still sell the apple iPhone 4 is select mobile retailers, however what they do not tell you is ios7 is NOT made for iPhone 4.  So when you download up/update your phone, the i phone 4 will run slower then it did before.I do not care what people think about the great aps (that were not made my apple themselves but other companies) when the phone force close you out of a app while you are trying to use it... it defeats the purpose.  This has happened of countless occasions.THE CHARGING PORT!The charging port is what I really wanted to get to.  Today when I woke up I noticed that my phone had not charged at all.  I have plugged it into the apple wall charger and the divide still read 3% this morning.  I tried taking it to an AT&T; store and was told that I needed to go to an apple store.  It was a 1.5 hour trip to the closest apple store.  Once I was there they told me &#34;This thing happens quiet a lot, however there is nothing we can do besides replace the device.  It seems like your warranty ran out last month, it will be $149.99 to get a almost new phone&#34;This is not something I did to the phone.  I did not drop it, get it wet, shove crap in the charging ports, why does this &#34;happen quiet frequently&#34;???  The apple employee did not know the answer to this.So if you are looking for a phone that looks cool but runs like a piece of crap then this is the phone for you.  I need to re-think the apple features (iCloud) and see if it is time to let this &#34;iPhone fad&#34; be over and get a phone that is actually dependable and not a total waste of money!!

GREAT phone, the phone I got from Here was in great conditions! Almost like new! It only came with a FEW scratch on the side. But you can barely see it.

Product in perfect condition. Looks great, works great. Very happy with this purchase.

Perfect condition and works as it would be as new. Had it on a more than satisfying price which was absolutely neat!

No scratches, dents, dis-coloring, or cracks. Great price, for a great phone. I couldnt be more happier with this product!

I have purchased a used one and speakers do not work.I will return this soon and find a replacement.

The speaker is almost non-functional and my info keeps disappearing. Would return it except it's such a hassle to be without a phone-even a bad one.

I ordered mine &#34;used - like new&#34; from Amazon Warehouse, from Amazon directly. It came in the wrong box (it came in a 4S box) but it was indeed like new, and came with the charger, USB cable, and earphones. It had a clean serial number - as it should - and I had no problems getting it activated.This is NOT the latest and greatest, obviously, but it still runs well and I still recommend it - especially to be used as a prepaid phone.

I purchased this apple iphone 4 8GB (white) NOT BLACK like the Real owner has...this is a lost/stolen phone that I paid a lot of money for that we can NOT use!  I will expect AMAZON to be the upstanding business that they are and send me a full refund for the total amount that I paid for this stolen useless phone...in a speedy matterThis was my Son's 20th Birthday present!  He's been without a phone for weeks now!

iPhone has always been popular among texting fanatics and touchscreeners and it doesn't prove wrong with the iPhone 4 with iOS 7!! It features retina display, a mighty enhancement to the series, and FaceTime- Keep up with family and friends anywhere in the world! I bought mine so that I could play all the games on my old 3GS, which still run fine on the 4 and so that I could experience everything in iOS 7!!! I thought that iOS 7 would be hard to get used to, but in fact it's actually just the same, and even a bit easier and better (Of Course) I think I might surprise my mom with one of these...That's how awesome they are!!Pros:1. Amazing selection of features and apps2. Beautiful Retina Display!!3. FaceTime and iMessage FUn!4. Game Center and MP3 player5. Easy To Use Control CenterCons:1. Passbook needs to be more readily usable2. No Licensed Emulators Available (Unlike Android)3. AWFUL grip on Silent Mode SwitchI highly recommend this Phone To Anyone up for some fun!! Hope you go dive right in to it! Enjoy! THANK YOU APPLE!! ;-)

I just bought my mother an iphone from this seller like two weeks ago, but when i went to connect the phone we found out it wasn't for the same company that it says its for, so I decided to return it and I yet to hear results for my refund from this seller, not one message or email or concern for the customer.

I am really excited to get my phone and the seller was very helpful. The descriptions says it is refurbished but that they replaced basically everything like the screen, which seems like a great way to make sure the phone is actually like new. However, after the order shipped I tried to track it but theres no tracking number. I understand that some packages, per Amazons explanation, cant be tracked though I've never had an un-trackable item. This would be ok but seller hasnt responded to my multiple emails asking for the tracking information so I can be certain someone is here to accept the phone since I am very busy and I do not want it to be sent back. If the seller would respond to my email I will change my feedback back to 5 stars when I get my package and the seller contacts me.

thanks,excelen I'm so happy with the new phone5 star I think it's not  enough for your good jobthanks a lot A.

Very pleased with the quality of the 'like new&#34; refurbished IPhone.  Performance, price, and service exceeded my wildest hopes.  Wish I had done this months ago.  Will get another  whenever the need arises.

The phone came in a timely manner and in great condition! Description mactched phone perfectly. I am very pleased! It looks great and works great. As anyone I skeptical about buying a used phone, but I love it, family and friends cant even tell it was used. I would definetly recommend this product to anyone considering it.

Great phone, great price. Will do business again. Thank you so very much! Purchased as a present for someone and it went over amazingly.

I bought the iPhone 4 8gb for $99 with a two year contract with Verizon. I absolutely LOVE the iPhone which is why I got it. The price was good and overall I was really excited. I still love the iphone, I just wish that i understood what the problems were with getting the 8gb instead of the 16gb. My Instagram takes up more than a half a gig alone. I also have found that to do a system update I had to delete a ton of my apps because in order to complete the update I needed some 2 gigs or so of available space. Once the update was done I could download the apps again, but that was inconvenient. Also, "they" describe icloud as being simple and easy. I have now had the iPhone for a year and after numerous iCloud tutorials on youtube and reading about it in blogs, I still don't really understand what it is or how it works and I pride myself on being a pretty intelligent person. :) Overall, I still do love my iphone, I DO have to dump my photos onto my computer every once and a while. I will continue to use the iphone when I have to renew my contract, I will just go for a larger size next time. I hope this was helpful.

Very please with purchase, arrived in a little over 24 hours, charged and ready to go. I have been using it about a 5 weeks-  no complaints. Phone was in perfect shape not a scratch on it

Love the phone works well with page plus when update for ISO was available I was able to update it

Perfect condition , almost like new ! Just as the seller stated ! I was so thrilled when I got the device and it activated with no problem ! I would definitely consider the seller again !

LOVE IT - love it.  I never have had a &#34;cool phone&#34; and finally decided it was time,,,,I made the right choice!!  It does everything

Exactly what I was hoping for! Absolutely a 9/10!!!! Phone is in great condition and activated smoothly. Will recommend to everyone

He gave me his full effort to meet my expectation and it was one of the best service provider up to now. I am really happy with this product. Thanx a lot..

VERY upset.  went to activate the phone and it was a lost/stolen phone.  absolutely rediculous and i don't know how he can get away with continuing to sell these.

I was not expecting the quality that I received. I'm am amazed on how well it works. It feels like a brand new phone. I am happy with they way it performs, there has not been any faults that I have noticed.

Scratch less phone works fine only problem is speaker does not work if you don't need to use the speaker then buy it

When I received the phone, I turned it on and it appeared on the screen that the phone was stolen and it had been wiped. I cannot use it, so I have to go to Verizon and get it all sorted out. Terrible...

My son lost his phone and a replacement was going to be $500+. This used phone was in perfect condition and works as well as a new phone.

I really wanted a phone for my 7th grade year of school. My dad said he was getting me a phone but, but he surprised me me with the White I phone 4-8GB. It was my dream phone. I like how it is white so it can go with almost every color of a case. I also like that I can have apps and music on my phone. I like it because if I get bored somewhere and I have my phone with me then I can just pull out my phone and play a game or listen to music. There is only one bad thing I can think of and that is that I only have 8 gigabytes so I can only have so much music and apps. You can change that though when you buy one.I recommend this I phone for someone who uses their phone a lot and is willing to pay for it each month. I recommend it for all ages. All ages are great because it is easy to use. My grandma has one and loves it, even my 2 year old cousin knows how to use one.

I lost my iphone 4 in the lake and needed a replacement ASAP.  I was apprehensive about buying a phone from a private seller but desperation will make you try things you wouldn't ordinarily do.  Turns out the iphone 4 purchased is EXACTLY what the seller said it would be.  It appears to be brand new and works fantastically.  I have been using it for almost 3 weeks now and have not had one single problem with it.  Battery life is great as well.  Can't tell any difference between this new phone and my previous Verizon retailer one.  VERY VERY HAPPY with my purchase!

I gave this phone 5 stars because it came on time.. It was a new phone great, love it and the price was great ...

Great iphone works perfect thanks krgeorge

Thought it would look to used and worn but actually looked brand new and came in less than 3 days. Quick,Easy, and Cheap.

Bro, How can i get images of this? ?? real images? plzzzzz...  I really need, please if you can somehow/.

Power button does not work. Phone not in condition as advertised. I will choose a different seller for my next purchase.

I cant connect this iphone 4 that i purchased from you because it has been reported lost or stolen !

iPhone 4 looked like new, and everything was in perfect condition. Came the day after the earliest shipping date, and was a little more than I had wanted to spend, but it was worth it. Great product!

The phone works great! It was brand new, sealed and everything. My phone came with two USB cords, I'm not sure if that was on purpose or not, but good thing because one was broken. Zero complaints here!

Phone arrived before expected, in condition as listed, phone works great even visual voicemail which I did not expect to work on Straight Talk, a little difficulty activating with Straight Talk, overall a great value, may purchase one for my son!

I recently purchased this used Iphone and so far it has worked perfectly. the seller Steven Quarles provided all of the information in advance so I was comfortable with the purchase. Verizon activated it and kept me on my current plan with additional features and so I am very happy with the purcahase. I don't require the latest tech updates and am quite happy with the internet access and the ease of use with this iphone. I prefer simplicity as opposed to all fo the bells and whistles and complexity that comes with all of the new phones.

Advertised as an iphone 4 but the os appears as an iphone 3

Phone came already activated n I couldn't fye it turned on

Perfect condition. Phone is rather slow but not sure of that has to do with it being an older phone or the fact that it's refurbished.

Love it

I order this phone and received it in the mail in two days. The shipping was super fast! I was able to get my phone turned on at Verizon and so far everything has been working properly. I do not have, nor had  any problems since I bought this phone. I would recommend this product to any one looking to purchase a new iPhone 4. The phone was in its original packaging. /The package came with all the contents. I love it.

i spent the extra couple dollars to make sure i got an iphone that said like new on the product description and this iphone is obviously NOT like new there is scratches on 2 of the 4 corners and a small hairline fracture on the back of the phone below the camera not complaining that this phone doesnt work perfect or do what its supposed to but if i would have known that it would have this much sign or wear on it i would have saved the $20 and just bought one that said it was in Good condition welp whatevss

Exactly as described left speaker doesnt work but its fine. ESN was clean and works great. Great deal at a great price.

When I received the phone which was listed as &#34;new&#34;, there were pictures and videos on it.  Couldn't understand what they were saying in the videos because they were in a different language but they were there nevertheless.

I do not liked the product because they can not use it in Venezuela, as the team is CDMA technology and it needs to be of SIM technology

I love iphones so please buy this you want regret it at all the price is unbeatable for such a perfect phone

I love my iPhone. The only thing is that I got and when I charged it the charger like wasn't compatible with the phone.I know this because I used my sister's charger to see if it was just the charger and it was. Other than this this everything was if it's not too much to ask could you please address this problem?

Ordered to update my daughters phone. This was more than I expected. Could not have been anymore than pleased. Called Verizon when we got it and off to the races. Thanks a million.

The works however I can tell it has some type of water damage it cuts off buy with no worning when the battery is low I just wish he would of told me there was some type of damag to the phone

I wanted an unlock phone to use when I travel internationally and purchase this phone thinking that it was unlock...When purchasing said phone I had scroll down to unlock phones and made this purchase, I haven't use it but would love to unload it, if possible

URGENT NEED FOR CHANGE THIS PHONE IN MY COUNTRY THAT DOES NOT RECOGNIZE CDMA MODE AND WHEN YOU BUY THE FEATURES THAT SAID NO HOW WE DO PLEASE?

this was a gift for my sister who broke her last iphone. she says it works well and does not have any problems. I would recommend buying a case with it to avoid breaking it

I order this phone and within no time the screen stop working. I'm not a big apple fan don't know if I won't another one unless it is brand new.

Spent numerous hours on the phone with verizon tech support to try and get this phone activated. The phone cosmetically was in  good shape (bought refurbished) but could not get it to connect to the verizon network. Will be trying to return. I had purchased a phone off amazon because I needed a working one urgently for work. I would have been better off risking it buying it from some sketchy person on craigslist. SUCH A FRUSTRATING EXPERIENCE.

we were hesitant to make this purchase but decided to go for it...we are very pleased with this vendor.  The phone is in excellent condition and has been trouble free.  Cheaper that getting a replacement thru Verizon.

See alot of people like yur items so I got one should be coming in a week yesssss! Hope it great

The iPhone itself is fine it was new and had no problems but I couldn't change it to straight services I had to stay with Verizon. It isn't straight talk adaptable.

This product was everything that i asked for the only thing i didnt know it had a cracked screen' , overall it was in good condition and it works well

I choose to quick access to internetThe phone is user friendlyIt is a little bigger than I m used too but adjusted

Wasn't too happy when I tried to activate my I-phone and Verizon told me they could not because the phone was on their list of stolen phones.  I thought Amazon was a safe place to buy.  I'm checking to see if Amazon will take the phone back and refund me.  More to come...

this phone is everything i hope for nothing is wrong and it works just fine i was scared that i would get a bad phone but it works great

Ordered a iPhone 4 8GB - Verizon from this seller via Amazon for a Birthday gift.  Daughter went to the Verizon Store to activate the phone and found out the phone was a "Sprint" phone and not compatible with the Verizon Network.  Ended up having to spend about three hours to get her old phone reactivated, and then Amazon tells us that we need to wait for the phone to be returned, have a refund processed and start all over. Maybe something to be said for a brick and mortar when all of this could have been cleared up in a hour or two instead of weeks.

I used to love this phone.  So long Steve Jobs and your great phone.  iOS 7 just made the iPhone 4 not an iPhone.  My iPod Touch(2nd gen) is doing much better than my iPhone 4.iOS 7.0.4I CAN'T TURN OFF ANYTHING ANY MORE!I can't upload music into this phone anymore via iTunes.  When I TRY, it leaves my phone hanging on &#34;waiting for changes to...&#34;I can't sync it to iCloud without having a pop-up message telling me to put in my password to an individual email account.I can't go to the app store and download an app without telling me it can't download and install the app at this time.  The only way to do this is go back to the app store in my phone and RE-DOWNLOAD the same app.I can't restore everything from the iCloud when I do a &#34;factory reset&#34; AKA &#34;Erase All Content and Settings&#34; like before.When I need to take a quick photo of something, there is now a pause for my phone to open it on.I have to constantly turn off background apps even though they're not truly on.  They basically require another load as if you're loading them for the first time.*Before iOS7Apple will take advantage for your phone's free hard drive space to download the latest firmware update without your knowledge.  It will take up space until you allow for the change.  Until then, you're out of luck with your free space.Never trusting Apple again.  I'm jumping back to Android.  This is ridiculous.

Came looking brand new.  Gift for my husband and he has no complaints.  Time frame was great.  Got it quick

The phone was brand new but did not come with anyting so i had to purchase chargers and head phones. I felt that was unfair for the price i paid, not even a manual, nothing, nada.

I got this because it is so much more user friendly than Androids and other smart phones. The interface is really intuitive so you don't end up pulling your hair out just trying to get your email set up. Great for first time smart phone owners or the tech savvy.

When I took the ph to my cell ph company they said the ph was suspended and I was not able to use it. I sent it back the next day. I ended up finding a used cell ph store locally and bought one. I wasted about a week of time waiting for the ph only to have to send it back.

el equipo es tecnolog&iacute;a cdma y no funciona en Venezuela. En la descripci&oacute;n del celular no especifica que es cdma

It works well and user friendly. I don't like that I got overcharged for data on my first month though.

Thanks - Item as described.  No problems at all - in particular my step daughter LOVED the extra touch of a screen saver and case.Thanks :)

The phone was for my daughter she had dropped hers & cracked the screen, It is the exact same phone she had. All of her phone #'s & pictures transferred successfully. So we are both very satisfied thanks.

i love my iphone but there were scratches and one of the speakers doesnt work. along with the phone not being cleaned before shipping

I kind of liked it I had lots of lag spikes don't get it it is a waste of money

switched back to an android b/c i missed it and dropped it in yellow water..... so it will do for now but miss my android phones.

Excelente atencion del vendedor, y muy rapidas sus respuestas ante todas las dudas que se me presentaron, graciaspor ser tan atentos

I recomend this selling to anybody who want to buy an iPhone. Unfortunately, my phone did not work in the Britihs Virgin Islands, I wrote to the seller and within a matter of time I got the respond.Becky

THE PHONE WAS NOT CLEAN IT WAS DEATIVATED/STOLEN THE DESCRIPTION WAS A COMPLETE LIE THIS GUY IS A TOTAL SCAMMER

I'm not a big phonies of cell phones. Needed a phone to work with new car, daughter went crazy when she saw it!  Had to put a password on it so I could get on it myself. It has more features then I'll ever use or need.  I'll past it on to her when I find the phone I really want.  Samsung Galaxy!!  The seller impressed us with the packaging!! Outstanding, lovely, personable & very thoughtful, Thx

Seem to be great waiting to give to some for a Christmas present.  This should be great as long as I can activate it when he opens it for christmas.  It looks good

I love it..came alot faster than expected....works great brand new...fast internet...gave me exactly what i asked for....enjoying every minute of it...

Love it!!!!

I got this phone and everything looked good. I got it connected to Verizon no problem, but it barely gets a signal anywhere. I thought it was the network, but it isn't. I went to NYC this past week and I couldn't use my phone at all due to no signal. The phone is terrible. I have no need for a phone with no signal...I want a phone and not an iPod.

Got the phone in record time!  Got to love Amazon Prime!  This phone works better than the one we bought brand new!  Vendor was open and honest and sent a perfectly working great condition phone!

Kept breaking my phone from Verizon and finally broke it so bad it wouldn't work, so since I was in the middle of the contract and didn't want to pay $500+ for a new phone from Verizon or Apple, I crossed my fingers and ordered one with good reviews off Amazon and hoped it would work. It did! I was even able to activate it from home using the Verizon website and not have to go into the store. I will say this, though the phone is completely brand new and everything works fine, it does seem the response time is a bit slow, and it may be due to the phone being an iPhone 4 and the new Ios being the only thing available, but it seems to be getting faster and more responsive after using it for a week. Definitely buy from this company.

The phone looks brand new and certainly works that way too! Very satisfied with speed and camera quality as well.n

Perfect phone except the power button sticks a bit, but for the price a perfect phone bought it to replace my wifes dropped and shattered iPhone 4

does not come on and the phone is cracked and it is black and i ask for a white one

This product has met all of the expectations that my daughter had for Apple products.  She has not had any negative eperiences with it so far.  Her experiences so far have been very positive because she continues to find (her words) &#34;awesome&#34; iPhone features that her other phone did not offer.  I would buy this product again.

I love this phone I got it quick it was easy to set up an if you love iPhone then you should get this phone

I love my new iphone its in gud shape for the be use no wear and tear no where or anything it faster than my android fones and the battery been great to. For once somebody know how it feel cuz I got the iphone for gud price

ordered mine a week ago still havent got it. hope its here by christmas if not they will hear me complaining

Advertisement said, it is a unlocked phone but when it delivered to me it was CDMA phone where there is no provision to insert my SIM. Sorry, i disappointed.

I love my phone and I've had it for 7 months now. Everything is still working beautifully and it was definitely a great buy!

My son has enjoyed the phone and hasn't had any technical problems at all. It is easy to use and he likes the size of the phone and the screen size as well.

This phone is okay... i purchased it used, so what do you expect.  the physical condition was AWESOME! however the phone is slow, freezes alot, and doesnt stay charged.  also when the phone arrived to my house, an iphone 5 charger came with it, as opposed to the iphone 4 charger (crazy!)

It looks really brand new the first time that I opened the little package- it's sleek and and in great condition. I recommend this phone to anyone who doesn't have it. It's a great phone! Thanks for the reading :)!

I was so worried about buying a refurbished phone online, but after reading the reviews I decided to give it a shot. It was well worth it. My phone came quickly and in excellent condition. The seller was also very responsive to my inquiries. I am very satisfied.

The process was very easy. The only issue is the phone seems to have an issue with shutting off on its own. I'm current working with Apple to resolve the issue.

Silly hubby bought a phone from the wrong service plan though.  This phone got to us very quick, and then when I had to return it /c we do not get that service in our area.  They were very nice about taking it back with no questions asked.

I ordered the iphone as they said all phones were clean - This is total BS, as my daughter cannot enjoy her xmas present because of false advertisements...  I will not buy from this deal again!

Im really happy the phone looked brand new to me.

Item was as describe and did receive on time, way quicker too... Only about 3 days. I was replied to almost immediately, shorter than 24 hours. Phone meets expectations of a used phone. You can tell the software isn't brand new but it still runs smoothly and would buy from them again!!

Most amazing place to get an IPhone! I got it for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves it! It said it would be delivered in a week or two I got it within a week. It didn't take that long at all. The phone was in great condition. It was a used one. You couldn't even tell! It works great! I give the service 5 stars' amazing! Really reliable I will definitely use them again.

I am very satisfied with my phone and even tough it was a used phone, It did not have any major flaws! excited about this phone!

My order was placed late Friday and I received it Monday morning. It's exactly as he describes it although it would have been nice to get the plug in the wall charger to go with this item. It's in perfect condition and I had no issues setting it up with Verizon. Thank you!

A&Z Tech were awesome to work with. The phone looks brand new and works perfectly. Came to us extremely fast as well. Questions we had were answered promptly.

It is a great phone... Love it!!!! It is easy to use. I can get around in Wi-Fi areas really good

Seller was very prompt with shipping this product! Iphone was in awesome condition (like new) as the seller had stated! So glad to have an Iphone again!!! I will never go to another product for cell phones again!

It's a good working phone, everything you can ask for out of the iPhone 4 used. Also came with a charger an 2 cool phone cases

I am a very skeptical person especially when it comes to buying such expensive things as phones. The phone came completely new and still in the box and packaging. Works very well. Met all of my expectations. I would definitely recommend it and the company selling them!

The iPhone was dirty with a nice clean it came out good the iPhone itself runs a little slow you have to press sorta hard to open something or to type

I love my iPhone. Got it for Christmas and I'm so happy. Great phone. Super easy to use and super fun. LOVE IT.

Awesome:) no problems with it except it came completely dead but other then that great! Would recommend to anyone who wants an iPhone without the expensive price tag!

Good phone for the price.  There wasn't anything wrong with it; it worked like it's supposed to.  I've had it for more than six months now and still no problems.  Will use it until my contract is up.

I had lost my iPhone 5  My contract with Verizon still has one year to go and I wanted Smart phone. I bought iPhone 4 through Amazone.com. They delivered earlier than scheduled. Item is same as they described. I am very happy.

The listing says that it is brand new but meanwhile it has a remanufactured sticker on the box. One of the speakers are blown and it runs really slowly when two apps are running at once. The google maps also sucks. Definently not worth $200

I got an iPhone 4 with CDMA technology, and not what you buy. I require an Iphone 4 with GCM technology. I need to change the team for Iphone 4 GCM

Our Verizon Wire less contract was not up yet, so we could not upgrade.  This was just what we needed!

Can I use this phone on straight talk?

I have had the phone about a month. When I received the &#34;new&#34; phone the box was open and it was not cleared to factory settings. I found that odd, but just cleared it myself.I immediately noticed that I was unable to take a screenshot on a consistent basis. It works every once in a while. Furthermore, the phone is very slow and unresponsive. The apps are slow to open, laggy while in them, and slow to close. Imagine waiting 3 seconds before each and every action. Typing in apps is tedious due to the delay. The apps also have a tendency to close out of themselves for no reason.I use my phone as an mp3 player as well. Unfortunately the music has issues. The screen will often go black once inside the app so I cannot select songs. I have to close out of it and skip songs through the locked screen. This is irksome if I want to listen to something specific. Eventually the screen will correct itself again and I'll usually have enough time to pick the next set of songs.Overall, I am very unhappy with this purchase. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one was because it was not cracked or scratched.

The phone was great.  Just like a new one worked great.  No problem getting it to work with my Verizon Account.

I really think that since Apple's iLife and iWork applications keep doubling in size with every update, then their base model ought to double in size as well.For instance, I remember when the Keynote app was only about 100 MB or so. Then after an update it went up to about 200 MB. Then a few more updates it went up to 440 MB. After all the updates, now it's up to 530 MB! What's next?But the iPhone base model continues to remain at 8 GB after all these years of app updates!Only 8 Gigabytes? Really?Why offer people the iLife and iWork apps for free when they can barely fit them on their iPhone?The three iLife apps alone take up a whopping 1.61 GB. The three iWork apps take up a whole 1.23 GB. And just the iOS 7 operating system alone takes up 2.65 GBThat's a whole 5.49 GB! And you only have 8 GB available!So you only have about 2.5 GB left over to store ALL your other apps, photos, videos, and music. So much for putting your music on your phone!I have the 16 GB model of the iPhone 4S, and yet I ended up having to delete the iMovie and GarageBand apps, just so that my music could still fit. These iLife apps keep getting bigger and bigger in size with each update! If I keep them on my phone then I have no room for my music anymore! How in the world are these people with the 8 GB model going to get everything to fit? You want to keep customers by giving them free apps, but won't give them the space they need to store the apps?Make the 5S and 5C base models 32 GB instead of 16 GB, and the free 4S model 16 GB instead of 8 GB.

Exactly like the description and fully functional! I would recommend this for anyone interesting in a new fully functional phone

Phone was like new out of the box.  Verizon switched to my number and I was off.  Would definitely buy another like this again

The phone works perfectly and was in excellent condition!! A screen protector was already on it so that was awesome and I also got it a day earlier than expected!! :)

This iPhone is new, thank you for that. It came in its proper box with earphone, cord and booklet. My husband likes it a lot and since he isn't an high tech guy, I got him the 8 GB, saving money and giving him great technology at his fingertips to play with the boys at work. The price was great, it arrived on time and I highly record this seller.

Brand new phone that is how I see it in , in incredible condition I love it for my first smart phone

Its overall a good device, but iOS 7 is really not that good on this device. It drains battery quick, freezes right after updates, iPhoto & iMovie are not very good with 8GB iPhones. These apps use over 100MB! The battery heats up.

IT WAS REALLY GOOD WE HAD A GREAT ACTIVATION AND WE DONT HAVE ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT YOU SHOULD GET ITFUN, FAST, GOOD QUALITY

You dont get much space on the hard disk with only 6.4 GB so not for people with more than 400 songs.  Battery life is very disappointing you can use the whole battery with in 2hours if I'm honest.  But besides these big defects theres a sense of fun and utility but I'm afraid with 6.4 GB its not efficient

never really been a fan of apple, but recently after hearing positive feedback from my friends/family about how great the iphone is, i figured i'd give it a try.ProsBeautiful screenComfortable solid feel in  your handvariety of apps avaliable for download (most are free)great camera and user-friendly controlsscreen is made of glass (not cheapo plastic)headphones and home charger included.battery life is considerably better than any andriod i've ever owned.Loud speakerphoneipod capablity (basically you can load all your music on your phone and go).call clarity seems good.cable is the larger one, not the small one LIKE the iphone 5.ConsAccessories can be expensiveNo real user guide packed with phone (you get a 4 page little booklet that tells you pretty much NOTHINGNot enough on board memory. if you have a large music collection 8gb isn't that much. you should consider getting the 32GB or 64GB model if you have a large music collection and want to use lots of apps.this model doesn't have SIRI.summaryi have had this phone since march of 2013. here's what i ordered to supplement my phone.first order of business was to purchase a otterbox and don't go to retail and pay 50.00 for one. instead buy one on here.OtterBox Defender Series Hybrid Case & Holster for iPhone 4 & 4S  - Retail Packaging - Blackthis can sometimes be a pain to put on, but DO IT. don't be carrying around a 400 dollar phone with NO PROTECTION. if you purchase this otterbox, make SURE you get a screen protector and put that on FIRST and then put on the otterbox. the otterbox comes with it's own screen protector, and the tiny space between the two causes what looks like a small oil slick that is impossible to get out.next i purchased aAmazonBasics 3.2 feet 1.0 Meter USB Charging/Sync Cable for Apple iPod, iPhone, and iPadI enjoy apple products but what THEY CHARGE for their cables and accessories, is flat out ridiculous! if your like me you like to have one cable for charging in the bedroom and one cable at the computer to sync content. so, i went on amazon and paid 8.99 per cable instead of going to retail and paying 20.00+ per cable. really, this one is a no brainer, never BUY ANY apple accessories at retail. you will get ripped off.you will notice that iphone docks and accessories are very expensive nearly anywhere you go, this is due to the licensing fee that 3rd parties have to pay to apple to make the device (speaker dock/alarm clock) etc work with the iphone.as for car chargers, go to walmart and get one for about $14.99 better than 50.00+ that apple charges.I purchased my phone, not through amazon but through verizon. it was a free phone, however verizon forces you to pay a $30.00 upgrade fee.all in all, this is a excellent phone. i have no real complaints. sufficent space for apps and Content. i would recommend to non-apple users. give apple a shot, if you can get past their ridiculous prices for accessories, you should be good.update 10/25/13***love this phone! still going strong and i have had it since march. i even have an app on there now that balances my checkbook! i can't say enough good things about this phone. great battery life (if you keep the wifi off)and wonderful apps and most are free. i'm glad i went with the iphone when i upgraded!

Theres nothing wrong with how it works, it looks new beside thaa lil scratches on thaa sides but its fine for mii, thats watt phone covers are for so I'm not complaining.. Im glad i got this phone :) its amazing.

I thought I was buying a brand new iPhone 4, at least that was the description. When I got it and opened it, the &#34;Q and the &#34;1&#34; was defective. I returned for Money Back. Two stars, only for coming in a scheduled.

Received the phone in perfect condition as expected and also on time.  This was purchased to replace a stolen phone before our Verizon contract was eligible for an upgrade.  It's worked well and saved us a lot of money.

The front camera doesn't work and the phone has no slot for a storage card. Poor quality if you ask me,  paid for something that wasn't actually suggested

I have read lots of bad reviews for this phone, and to be perfectly honest a lot of them are very justified. But, I really would like to stress please take note of the satisfaction percentages belonging to these vendors. Also, take a little time to read a few pages of reviews before you buy an iphone. I purchased mine from Better Deals FASTER. The reviews for this company were great. Also, the companies Planet Mobile and Applewireless are outstanding as well.

I bought this phone for my son best deal I ever made phone was better than new and more the half the original price  shop amazon

got this iphone for my kid she is very happy with this phone its a very good purchase will buy again or recommend this seller

this i phone works perfect, i would refer this ti any one who like i phone, my daughter loves it
