
He was fast and the phone was exactly the way he posted and the phone could not had been no better look brand new ... Was very happy from buying from him once I got it. Before I got It, i was a little scared he said no refunds or return once I brought, so as soon as I saw that my mind was every where but the phone was good no problems and I love the iphone I'm using it now for this review.

This phone was purchased to update from the Iphone 4, I know there isn't a really big difference between the iphone4 and iphone 4s but to me I can tell a difference. I love the iphone 4s

The phone was in great condition. It had no scratches and it works perfectly. None of the buttons were stuck or broken and the phone was just perfect.

I really like the iPhone 4s!  It is easy to use and very light weight.  It is a touch screen phone which can sometimes be bad because it can get dirty, but you can clean it.It has a camera on the front and back which makes it easy to take pictures.  It also has access to the internet, tons of fun and useful apps, lots of fun options for ringtones, and last but not least, it has Siri.  Siri is a voice activated robot in the phone that you can ask a question and she will give you lots of possible answers.The iPhone has a button in the center that when you click it, it takes you to the home page.  It also has a button at the top right that locks the screen.  Another fun thing is the iPhone 4s can come in white or black.  The only thing I have a problem with is when you zoom in on the camera, the picture gets blurry which is really irritating.I would recommend this product if you are looking for a phone with a quick and easy alarm clock, or a calendar that you can bring with you wherever you go.  I would also recommend this product that you can take quick pictures with.Overall, I really like this product because of the fun, quick, and easy contents it has.

The phone was what I ordered. I had no issues and I would use them again if I have another need.

Everything Worked Great with my device. I received the phone right on time. It was in even better condition than advertised!!

Absolutely love this product... I've been wanting one forever and if far exceeds my expectations :)If u are obsessed w apple like me or want a very user friendly phone u need to get this. I got my mom an iPod touch for xMas and she loves it then I showed her that my phone is exactly the same , she was sold and it will b her next phone too!

The phone Came in time and was able to go to the sprint store and he was able to get ever thing working on the phone and be able to use it right off the bay the phone come with ever thing and it looked like it was brand new !

The reason of my complaint is that I could never unlock my iphone 4s order number # 105-7226210-6369867 to use it in Argentina. I went to three Technical Service to unlock it and everyone told me it can not be unlocked because is disabled by Sprint, possibly because the phone is stolen or has debts to the company.I need a solution as soon as possible because I've invested time and money trying to using it, moreover what I spent on the phone! Please I need you to contact me for a solution ASAP. I'm from Argentina, my mail is cfranchinotti@hotmail.com.

this iphone saved my life and money as well. phone was brand new and I still have this phone. Was very pleased with this purchase and was so glad to find a new IPHONE on AMAZON for an affordabe price

Great price for a great phone. If you can't afford a new iPhone, this is what you should get. I like this smaller version and it works great.

I bought this phone for my wife a few months ago since I felt that she needed to get on the smartphone bandwagon.  She was using an older Samsung Reality with the physical keyboard.  She was just a basic phone and text kind of gal, so I thought about the best phone that would ease her into the "smartphone world".I feel the Android OS does need a little more time to get used to with all the widgets and configuration on how you want your apps to display.  There is also an occasional freeze on the older Android OS such as gingerbread and froyo (not so much with ICS and jelly bean though)  The iPhone OS, however, is more simplified for a novice because it has a predefined layout that every user would see and no widgets (I had a feeling that she was going to hold down on the screen too long and delete or move something and wonder what happened to it)  So I thought this was a perfect choice for her.My wife was surprised by the change.  She loved the crisp, clean retina display, the beautiful images it took, and the overall ease of using the phone.  I even showed her that she could now text in a different language, which she never thought was possible with a phone.  She learned how to use the phone quickly, used apps such as Kakao Talk to talk to friends from Korea.  The phone has Siri, but she never uses it.  Although she loves the phone, she only had one complaint...the Sprint 3G network.She complained the 3G was too slow to even browse the internet or watch the occasional Youtube video when she is on the go.  I let her know that the 3G network on Sprint is not good in our area and possibly other areas as well.  I told her hopefully when her contract is up, we could switch carriers or if 4G LTE ever comes available, we could opt for a new phone. Sprint has unlimited data, but the speeds are pretty terrible at the 3G level.So to sum it up, the Apple iPhone 4S is great a phone.  The phone on the Sprint 3G network in my area is slow.  Sprint 3G speeds may be better in your area, but I read on Sprint message boards that people are mentioning the slowness as well.  So something to keep in mind if your shopping for the iPhone 4S for this carrier.

Sprint would not activate the phone they said it was lost or stolen.  The phone was in great shape when I received it, but could not be activated I looked for a phone # to call to see if I was doing something wrong but could not find one.  I hope the return process goes well.

Thank you! Bought for my mom as a replacement device, price was right and will hopefully hold her over until she can upgrade thanks!

Battery is totally shot.  Very disappointed. It turns off randomly.  Total waste of money.  Hopefully Sprint will repair it. SMH.

The iPhone 4S is a really great device to have and play around. I started this review just to give the Apple iPhone a fair shake and to truly understand what exactly I hate about the iPhone and why I talk down to it so much. I have been an Android fan since the first day Google announced their first phone the G1, after that day I loved Android. However this review is not what I hate about the iPhone rather the features between the two platforms.HARDWARE:The iPhone 4S is Apple's current phone and the physical hardware of the phone makes it look elegant and professional. The Phone comes in two different colors, White and Black. I love how the phone has a mute/unmute rocker switch on the left side of the phone, although I can turn on the phone and turn the volume down this little yet helpful feature made my life so much more easier. The phone is made out of a 3.5 inch edge-to-edge glass front and back with an aluminum band all around the side of the phone. Everything about this phone feels premium and sturdy however knowing this is made out of glass also made me worry more. If I were ever to drop this phone on any hard surface above 4 feet or higher will shatter the glass. At the bottom of the phone lives the speakers, this is a BONUS for me because I often lay my phone either face down or have the phone lay on its back and on most phones the speaker is on the back. Having the speaker on the bottom of the phone helps prevent any noise muffling or reduce the quality of sound. The back is where the camera and flash is located. This phone carries an 8 megapixel lens that is capable of capturing full 1080p videos and pictures. The photos on this camera is pretty decent and the video play back is also amazing however I expected more after hearing from everyone how great the camera quality was.SOFTWARE:The iPhone 4S is currently running IOS 5.1.1 however I manage to install IOS 6 BETA 2 on the phone to see what feature I will have if I do decide to stick with this phone. IOS6 won't be release until Fall. IOS 6 is really plain and simple any child, grandparents, or even parents could pick up the device and know how to navigate there way. The apps in the Apple Store are very useful to manage my daily life and also help me manage my finance like the app MINT. Texting on this phone took me a while to get used too and after two weeks I am still not that perfectly comfortable texting. I don't like the fact I have to long press on a word and move the magnification glass to the exact letter I want to fix because of auto spell. Also the dictionary on this phone really irritates me, if I want to add a word to my dictionary I would have to go to Settings/ General/ Keyboard/ Add New Shortcut and add the word soooooo annoying. I want it where I can tap on the word and just add it to my dictionary right when i'm texting. However the keys are perfectly spaced out, i'm just not used to texting with a small screen I am used to 4.5inch screens and above. I travel a lot so a navigational app is a MUST app for me. The IOS 5.1.1 currently does not have a turn-by-turn navigation system built in the OS (operating system) and after testing the GPS (global positioning system) out it provided the long route and sometimes they were wrong. The new IOS6 does have turn-by-turn navigation and after testing this GPS out I only had one issue with it, it sometimes take me to the longer route (but no biggy I guess). Siri is sometimes helpful and can minimize time depending what you ask it. I noticed asking Siri to remind me to call someone or remind me to do something was the best feature for me because sometimes typing it out would take too long. The Geo-Location on this phone works perfectly, for those who doesn't know what that is. If you need to remember something you can ask Siri to remind you to call or do something once you leave or get to a place and when you get there Siri will remind you through a popup notification without any time input. The Note and Reminder app will sync to any Apple computer, unfortunately unable to sync with PC (SAD LIFE FOR DAYS). Adding music, photos, movies, or anything else on this phone is pretty simple. Just plug in your iPhone and connect it to iTunes (Apples way to manage your apps and stuff) and select what you want to import. The WIFi (wireless fidelity also known for wireless networking) on this phone is really slow and downloading apps could sometimes take some time depending how many apps you are trying to download. The phone app is crystal clear but I did notice the volume was a little low and even though my hearing is not that great, compared to other devices you can definitely notice the difference. I never once got a drop call and being on the Sprint Network I always had phone signal everywhere I go however once I go through heavy walls in a building like the Best Buy staff lounge my signals was very weak. The New notification is very useful and being able to still get into my notification center while in a game or other full screen apps is a BIG plus for me.CONCLUSION:I do recommend this phone to those who want something simple, easy, and have something reliable at all times. However if you want a phone that has up-to-date GPS and travels a lot then consider Android. This phone is really great and don't have much complains other than those I mentioned above. Let me know what you think and if I left anything out I do apologize this is just several feature I noticed while using this phone for two weeks. This is just my personal opinion sharing to the world.

There's a little blurry spot at bottom of screen. I didn't like that being on the screen. Not perfect :-(

I ASK FOR A UNLOCKED IPHONE 4S WHITE, BUT I RECEIVE A LOCKED IPHONE 4S BY SPRINT LOCKED, WHEN THE ADD SAID FABRIC UNLOCKED, IT WAS A UNLOCKED IPHONE PRICE BUT IT WAS NOT UNLOCKED, SO I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED. AFTER ALL THAT HAD HAPPEN TO GET IT, IT WAS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED.

It came with its original packaging earphones charger.Great condition no scratches no dents and works perfect!I love it!

I got the phone a perfect time and the phone is as mention, ver good, works perfect no problemsthank you

I Really like the phone. Seri isn't as helpful as I would like but over all the phone is great. The  Picture on it is very clear

Got this for my daughter and she seems happy. Very happy with it. Delivery was quicker then I thought it would be

Ok, so. I started with an LG Optimus Android phone in February 2011. Recently in January 2012 my Optimus started having serious problems. My apps would start freezing, then I couldn't send text messages, or even make phonecalls because it was completely frozen. I could take it apart, put it back together, & it would work fine for a couple of hours, then start freezing again. Several friends I have said they've had their Iphones for 2 years or longer & never have had one problem whatsoever. I have now had my Iphone 16gb 4s for a small while & already love it. It is so much better than the android system!! 5 stars from this girl!!!

Fast, sleekefficientworks well in NYC on the sprint networkSolid phoneresponsive and compactVery happy with it

Over all a very nice phone for the price. The only sign of it being used was a tiny scratch on the screen. My only issue with the phone is that the power button on the top broke within 2 weeks of me using it. I have been able to use assisted touch to still use the phone but it is rather annoying.

I love this! Not only did the phone come so perfect, but it came in the original box with new headphones, a charger, and one of the outlet cube chargers. The phone did not have a scratch on it either. On top of all this, it shipped so fast! At first, the phone was not fully unlocked, but I emailed her and she completely unlocked the phone for me. I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone! I would also buy from this seller again. She was wonderful! (The person who sold it to me was Marsiffer's Book Barn, not this seller).

I bought this iphone because the one i had broke but the phone is okay it cam package pretty well but after about a month the speakerphone feature stopped working.  Other than that I guess the phone is okay if i keep my head phones on all day and just talk through that.

It is very beautiful, I love it&#65292;I am very satisfied  &#65292;I will come to pick other things I love

When I read the description, it stated that the phone would have light, minimal scratched on the screen. The front and back screen were in great condition, however, there were many more issues. The battery was toast, and shut the phone off at 20%. The metal frame is bent at the top of the phone, making it hard to use a case. The flash doesn't work. The camera has dark spots, the charger that came with the phone doesn't work. The speaker is blown, and people can't hear me. I contacted the seller, and the response was quick, but it was as useful as not contacting them at all. They offered to repair everything minus the metal frame, but I'd have to send the phone back on my dollar, and be stuck without a phone until they sent it back. Nothing else. Of course, I didn't send it back. Be very cautious when buying.

not a sprint customer but my aunt sure liked. it was a really good purchase and very cheap i love it

After I received this phone, I give it to my daughter for use and surprise, the phone was locked. I contacted the vendor to resolve the problem but I've never got a positive reply or resolution. We ended by paying more money to unlock the phone.

Phone was in better condition than I thought! Wife is very happy with purchase! I will buy one for myself soon!

Expectations Met..

I ordered these phones for my brother and niece, and didn't realize that they have to be 'unlocked' for the particular phone service you use.  I have since returned them for a refund and my brother bought the correct ones locally.

My daughter wanted an IPhone desperately for Christmas, however with her plan she was not up for renewal until March. This phone is in excellent condition, arrived in just a few days after ordering and was by far my daughters favorite gift.

This is a great phone and certainly far better than the Blackberries that I used prior.  I use this all the time and its so reliable. Since mid February 2012 to date this phone has only run out of battery power once. The Blackberries I used prior ran out of power all the time. I am certainly far more happier with the iPhone, however it lacks a few features I miss from the BB, overall this phone is far superior. Great job Apple!

Apple i phone 4 s is okay. I'm not sure whats up with the phone i bought that was used but at times, the volume does not want to work properly and at different times it works just fine. i like it but its just like any other apple i phone, it screen will brake so fast with in just one drop so be sure to have a very expensive protection for it, I would suggest a water proof one.

The phone was as described it was kept in very good conditions all its functions work properly and the best thing about it is it came super early so thanks man

Got the iPhone 4S brand new and I got a Otterbox Defender well I was at it and I never took it out of the case and everything was great till the Wi-Fi stopped working and my data connection got incredible slow that it was pain full I called Sprint to see why my data was slow and they didn't know why and told me to call Apple Care, so I got on the phone with Apple Care and because of one damn day I was over my 1 year warranty and they wanted me to pay $100.00 for Care and to talk to a Apple Tech which because I was tight on money I couldn't get the problem fixed so now I live with slow data even for 3G standards and my Wi-Fi option is grayed out and wont turn on went on apple.com and youtube.com an it said to Reset Network Settings which and it didn't work so I went to method number 2 which was to erase all my data and reinstall the OS back to 6.1.3 and that didn't do anything so now when I want to install a app or update a app over 50 MB I have to connect to iTunes thought my Data Transfer Cable / Charger which has become a pain in the a** and a innocence going to get the Samsung Galaxy S3 at MetroPCS officially done with Apple and iOS, Android has so much more to offer for way less.

&#36824;&#19981;&#38169;&#65292;&#20013;&#22269;&#35201;&#29992;&#21345;&#36148;&#65292;&#25903;&#25345;&#32852;&#36890;&#31227;&#21160;2g  &#20080;&#26469;&#19977;&#22825;&#23601;&#34987;&#20599;&#20102;Not bad, Chinese use the card affixed to support China Unicom mobile 2g &#8203;&#8203;bought was stolen three days  oh

I always wanted an Iphone til i got one. I do not like the fact that you have to put everything through itunes you can not just save things from your computer to your phone. It crashes all the time. To top it off sprint has VERY sucky service.

And the home button is crooked!!!!!!!!!!!! Are you kidding me?! The phone works just fine otherwise, but whoever refurbished this didn't bother to clean it OR put the home button back in properly. The speakers, headphone jack hole, and the charging slot are all absolutely filthy and so clogged with dust, I am surprised they even WORK.

Love the iPhone. It is a tool not only for communication but highly helpful in staying organized. Love that I have access to social networking, my calendar, books I'm reading, music, etc, all at my fingertips.

It's an iPhone, I think everyone knows what to expect. Always make sure you can verify it's a clean ESN with Sprint of course... Seller was awesome.

When I ordered it I was scared that it wouldn't come in. which, the phone came in. It is in PERFECT condtion. it's been a month. and I LOVE IT SO MUCH!!

THE PHONE IS ALL CRACKED AND LOCK BUTTON IS STUCK YET THE DESCRIPTION SAID USED:VERY GOOD CONDITION. ENOUGH HAS BEEN SAID.

Hi! I am happy with the phone. This is what I wanted. Original phone. Delivery within months. Ordered him to cover. I recommend this seller. Only have to choose the phone under the Russian cellular operators.

Came in yesterday! No scratches or cracks or anything! I turned it on and it wasn't still connected to someone else's number, when I turned it on it had the activation process ready to go! The phone was already charged too! It didn't come in an iPhone box but it came in a box with padding(which makes me feel better) and a charger and a charging cube. I was so excited when it came in, and even more so when I knew that there wasn't anything wrong with it! Going to the store today to activate it and everything! Even came earlier than the estimated shipping date!

I wish this could be a perminant unlocked phone, however with its listed price, this should be good for people who don't want a conrtact.

The description of the phone said it was new but the box was open and the charger was used.. The phone it self looked new and it word greate!! Can complain over all..

I lost my money by buying this phone!!!!!I did not understand it was a locked phone!!!I live in Brazil and here there dont have SPRINT!It was the worst purchase of my life!!Is standing there in the drawer, serves no!!

No complaints! I was scared to order my iPhone through amazon but I have to say I was very impressed.

LOVE the 4s compared to the 5. Phone was practically brand new without a blemish on it. Long time Android user and am happy having made the switch.

Not upto the mark..as they mentioned in portal....phone is not that good....so next time please give correct information about the products so that customers will no confuse....anyway its ok. my fault..:)

Exceeds expectations, battery last all day, and rarely force closes any apps. It's my first experience with apple software and I haven't had any problems using it.

I was expecting an iPhone 4S 16GB as the seller advertised, however, I received an iPhone 4 8GB. I was very displeased. I did not want to return it because I was going out of town during that time and returning it would have been a huge pain. However, the device I received worked perfect and although it was not what I expected, it sold it to my friend and got some of the money back. I had a horrible experience, and I do not know why they advertise something that is not true.

Very happy about my purchase! Phone was as described, practically new, no scratches, no problems with the phone so far... 2 thumbs up AlisonSells!!

There are a few things I would like to say about this:1. This item DID NOT come in the original iPhone box.2. The charger for the iPhone DOES NOT work.3. When information from amazon was confusing at first during a chat session, the seller didn't even read the PDF file attached to a complaint including such confusing information, and I got customer service in a very rude and unpleasant attitude. I was even threatened to be reported to Amazon, situation that never happened and I have e-mails and evidence to proove it.4. I got 10 usd in reward from amazon for the whole situation, which DOES NOT compensate all I went through.Conclusion: I still have a locked phone with Sprint with a charger that doesnt work, and my problem remains unsolved.Sorry but if there was a chance to give MedMedia246 half a star or even a NEGATIVE rate i would definetely do it.

Phone came in and sprint said it couldn't be activated. I called and within 30 minutes got a call back and he has worked with me thru the whole presses to get it activated or replaced. They even set on the phone in 3 way stating to make sure that one way or another they took care of us! I am very pleased with the quick response to my problem and would definitely buy from again!

my new iphone it is working great and I do not more problem whit it thank you if I see some ting better ill be by it

Got the item, and this one was not reported stolen.  It was stated as being new on the ad, but it is not.  It works, and I am happy, but considering it is used, I feel the price was a little high.  Overall, I like the phone, it arrived early, it was not stolen, and it works.

My wife lost her phone and I sure as hell wasn't going to pay the phonr company price or do an upgrade with them.  So I found this place. It was highly rated and its on amazon, so I gave it a shot.The phone has been working well, no problems that I can tell.I would do this again with this company with no hesitation.

Wow, where to begin? My 18 y/o daughter purchased this Sprint phone from snsandrze, thinking she could use it with Boost Mobile, being that Boost is a subsidiary of Sprint. Unfortunately because of her age she didn't realize that it doesn't work that way and she was unable to use the phone with Boost. I contacted the seller about returning the phone and explained what had happened and that I would pay the return postage. He responded initially that it wasn't his fault that the phone didn't work with Boost and that he would NOT take the phone back. After much back and forth between he and I he agreed to take the phone back but he was going to charge my daughter a 20% "restocking fee", which is NOT allowed under Amazon policy for it's vendors. I then contacted Amazon directly and filed an A to Z Claim. They approved my claim and refunded my daughters money back to her credit card. I was then contacted again by snsandrze, the seller, and was almost accosted for going directly to Amazon and was seriously asked by him if I truly thought I could return something without any "consequences"? Are you kidding me?! Consequences? Who does this idiot think he is?! Regardless, I actually have NO issues with the phone as we never got a chance to use it, but for a retailer to think that they can penalize you or try to prevent you from returning ANY product within the 30 day time period, is absolutely ludicrous and the reason for the 1 star rating! My problem is with THIS seller and I implore ANY and ALL of you who read this to stay AS FAR AWAY AS POSSIBLE from the crook known as snsandrze!!! Good luck.  P.S. snsandrze also got stuck with the return postage. Boy, that made my day! :)

First things first, I got mine through Sprint. I was eligible for an upgrade and got it for only $99! Being a HUGE Android fan, and QWERTY keyboard user, I was afraid of making the switch but in just 2 days I have found myself more and more comfortable with using the on screen keyboard. "Siri" helps a lot too if you don't even want to make the attempt to try. I love that I no longer have to carry around a phone and a iPod, because now I have them both in one. I also think it's cool that I have an app for everything I used to use the web browser for, so I really don't even need to use Safari. The battery life is SUCH an improvement from what I dealt with when using my Android. The speed and visuals are huge improvements as well. I never thought I would say this after bashing iPhone's for years, but I love my iPhone!

this was good but I didn't know that it will work in country or not. I am so upset after buying it.

I ended up returning the phone! I ordered an iPhone 4S for a sprint! When I got it, it was for a Verizon phone! Also, the lock button didn't work, and then the back kept slipping off, and lastly at the bottom of the screen it looked funky! I was frustrated cuz I was gonna give it as a gift to my fianc&eacute;e :( I emailed the seller, and asked about it, and they told me (check this out) they told me that somewhere (which I couldn't find!) that it said in the description not compatible with Sprint!! What?!?!! It was advertised as a Sprint phone! Anyways, the person started to argue with me and told me that I was wrong! Nice! Anyways... I returned it, and I got my money back, so I thank them for that... Never going to buy from them again!

I've had no issues with this phone. This is my third iPhone. My original one from Apple had a button that stopped working while it was under warranty, so they replaced it with a refurbished one. That didn't last as long unfortunately. So we had to buy out of pocket. So far no complaints with this product.

I am bowled over by my phone! Not what I expected, for it arrived early, and there was not a scratch on the phone, like brand new! A pleasant surprise, thank you so much!

I am a frequent customer of Amazon. I recently bought an iPhone 4s off of Amazon from ArYanna Evans for a total of $289.99. I am very furious with this seller because she lied about this item on her account. I have emailed her several times about my problems but she is adamant about not refunding my money. I feel as if she should because of the lie about my phone being scratch in the upper left hand corner when it is actually cracked. I feel as if her pictures were a misrepresentation as well seeing as how I saw no crack in the corner of the shots. I was willing to ignore the crack so I took it to the sprint store to change my phone. When the representative was looking at it she notice it was not deactivated, so she looked at the serial number and found out the account did not belong to Ms. Evans which made this phone seem stolen.  Soon after, I emailed Ms. Evans back to let her know it hasn&#8217;t been deactivated and she has yet to deactivate or respond to my latest email. There&#8217;s nothing I can do with this phone.

Ok I disappointment so you set the iPhone it's new and it isn't have some scratches and the box it's not the original box and the accessories too so thanks for the only

The iPhone does not work.  My service provider could not activate it because it still had an account associated to the serial number of the phone.  I purchased as refurbished.  While the phone may work (I really don't know because it can't be activated.  The seller has been contacted and has not contacted me to resolve the problem.  Why? I don't know other than they are not reputable, unprofessional, and could care less about their customers.  Either way I would highly recommend Amazon remove them as a seller on their website.  I am very disturbed and dissatisfied that I could be ignored as a customer and shown no respect about this issue.  I will certainly pass this experience on to others, many others.  I hope Amazon can lean on them to do what is right.  A $330 rip-off is completely unacceptable for any so called, wanna be, legitimate company.  I hope u can syndicate my feedback and get it to the right people!

I HAD INTENDED TO USE THIS PHONE WITH BOOST MOBILE SERVICE BUT WAS TOLD THATI COULD NOT USE IT FOR ANYBODY BUT SPRINT! SO NOW I'M STUCK WITH A SPRINT PHONE AND DONT WANT A SPRINT SERVICE PLAN...

My grandson loves the phone. No flaws that I know of. No scratches or cracks. The only setback is that when we purchased the phone, it was in the category of unlocked phones. Only trouble is it was not unlocked so we had to go with a sprint contract which is $92 a month when we were planning on using the phone with straight talk for $45 a month. so we are paying double what we wanted him to have.

It was a replacement phone. I  had lost my original iphone 4s and replaced it with the same model.I loved it then and I love it now. The seller delivered quickly and I am very satisfied with his service.

the phone works great it is definitely in perfect conditions it has great speed and all the functions i need

Have trouble with it taking off the zagg covers(case friendly). Ones. Unfortunatly it will have to go. But i liked it , other than that.

The phone is Sprint, but the SIM card tray was not from original phone. When I took it to Apple to have it activated, they used the IEMI from the SIM tray.That  IEMI  was from an AT&T phone, which immediately locked the phone to AT& T. They did a hard factory reset, it is still locked to AT&T. It is an expensive paperweight now.  The phone was advertised to be in &#34;very good condition&#34; I would say the chipped glass corners, different SIM tray, the various scratches all over the phone, is NOT &#34;very good&#34; , maybe &#34;fair condition&#34; but no way in a &#34;very good condition&#34;. The seller refused to accept that there were irregularities with the IEMI in SIM tray versus the IEMI within the phone , the quality of the phone  as I stated above and he made excuses such as &#34;you were sent the right phone, someone switched them in the mail&#34;. I would caution anyone purchasing a used phone, just don't! You want an iPhone  that works, then please purchase a new phone that is not locked to any carrier.

the iphone is better than other&#12290;i like it ,so i advice you can change it for your new phone ,cheap and good

I bought this phone considereing i could UNLOCK IT  since i live in Brazil, Rio de Janeiro, and there is no SPRINT here.very sad, the phone does not activate, unless i have a sprint account.

I love this phone. I had an ipod that died and my android phone broke. I bought this as a used phone but it was in new condition. I love the iphone because I can sync it with my ipad and use it in place of my ipod that died. I just hope the battery holds up well.

I'm sure the mouse is very good,I use it and feel very well ,i like it very much ,I would buy it again

the phone was unlockable...i couldnt unlock the phone and it didnt really work good. i tired almost all the ways to unlock it but it didnt work!the only way was to open a new account with sprint!...and i dont want to do that!like seriously...if i make a contract with sprint , then i can get a new iphone for almost 200$!but i paid almost 450! for a used onebad bad bad!

This is NOT a UNLOCKED phone, there is a debt against the phone or it is STOLEN. It was cracked on the front and back!! from top to bottom!!! I do not like to be lied to. This was my daughters birthday present and we are both upset and will never go to this company again!!!
