
I've had this phone for about 4 months now (upgraded from a Blackberry Tour), and I must say, the functionality is incredible.  Let's start off with some of the basic concerns:Battery:  Never had an issue with battery life.  I'm a rather "light" to "medium" user, but I've participated in 3-hour phone calls for work and other high-demand applications with no problems.  Standby life is extraordinary - unplugged it from the charger at 9 a.m. one Saturday but didn't use it at all.  Went to bed at midnight, and the battery was at 87%.  Has a built-in Task Manager app so you can see which applications are draining your battery.  Also includes "Smart Actions" that monitors battery life and makes adjustments accordingly (e.g., by dimming the display screen).Connectivity & call quality:  I live in a rural area (3G coverage only), but have never been without service and never dropped a call (on my Blackberry and other devices, it would drop calls along roads that ventured into "dead zones" within the county).  I haven't had that issue since upgrading.  When I go to town, it automatically connects to 4G service, and when it detects a wifi signal (either from my own home network or public wifi), it also connects.  Call volume and clarity, both ear and speaker, are excellent; I've never had issues with others not being able to understand me, even while outside on windy days.GUI:  Love the customizable 5 home screens - the apps I use most frequently are only a couple swipes away (no hunting through menus to find your music player or an email).  You can have a home screen dedicated to music, one for social networking, one for pics & videos, and one for (of course) the telephone and contacts.Touch screen: Upgrading from the QWERTY keyboard on the Blackberry, I was skeptical about the touch screen (big, beefy "guy" fingers).  I honestly have had no issue with it.  It is very responsive, and I have no issues selecting icons.  Besides, for every app that requires text entry (email, web search, text, etc.), it has a voice command feature.  Additionally, the screen is very bright and vivid, even at the lowest brightness setting.  A word of warning -- DO NOT use a privacy screen with this phone!!!  Privacy screens make the display very dim, especially while outside (and forget it if you're wearing sunglasses).  The dim display will compell you to turn your display brightness to maximum to see through the privacy screen.  This can cause screen burn-in, and you'll notice ghostly images of your home screen icons forever.Operating system:  I've read a few reviews about crashes & freezing, but this hasn't been a problem for me.  I try to remember to shut the phone down weekly (you have to treat the phone like a computer & can't leave it on ALL the time!)...  I've had a couple instances of the system locking up, but after a force reboot (hold power button & down volume button for 5 seconds), the system restarts just fine.  Both internal data and SD data can be accessed easily via the My Files app on the phone or via Windows Explorer.  I use the phone as an external hard drive for work... except the phone connects to my desktop quicker than my external hard drive...  There is also a Motocast app so I can access any file (music, pic, video, Microsoft Office, etc.)that is on my PC via the phone (as long as the PC is on & has an internet connection).  I can also print a document or email from the phone to my home printer (or work printer once set up).Camera:  Photos taken outside are incredible.  Indoor photos not so much.  My primary complaint with the camera is there is no way (that I've discovered) to change image resolution.  That photo you took to put on FaceBook winds up being 2 megabytes. Indoor photos can be grainy and out of focus.  I have not experimented with the front-facing camera yet...Apps:  Countless free apps available out there for the things not already on the phone.  It's just a matter of finding the app that works best for you.  For example, there are two music player apps preloaded on the phone, but I prefer the functionality of a third party music app.  Several GPS apps (Goodbye, Garmin!), Social Localization, You Tube, Kindle & Google Books preinstalled, etc. etc. etc.  And for every app that's already on the phone, there are two or three alternatives available from the Play store (you're not stuck using Verizon Navigator, Verizon Videos, Vcast ringtones, etc.).Strength:  Unit feels solid and robust; I've dropped it a couple of times, but there's not even a scratch on it.  The battery compartment is sealed, so you don't have to worry about the phone flying one way and the battery going the other if you drop it.  The display glass feels very firm and does not deflect - pushing on some touch screens, the screen tends to yield under finger pressure and you can see pixel discoloration where your finger is.  The screen on the Razr does not do this and seems to say, "Your finger ain't got nothing on my screen."  After 4 months, aside from my fingerprints, the phone still looks brand new.In summary, this is a very powerful phone that exceeded my expectations and meets most of my needs (it can start my car, but it won't wash it for me...)  I'm discovering more functionality and features every day, even after 4 months.  The screen burn-in and camera quality are my only complaints, but they don't come close to eclipsing the other qualities of the device.

I recently moved from a Razr to a Razr Maxx and I'm so happy that I did.  The Razr is a great phone and shares the feature set of this phone other than the battery.  The screen is massive and clear, but the phone is still pocketable which is critical, I don't want to carry a tablet around all the time.  4G and Wifi performance is great as is bluetooth and GPS.  The phone is fast and lightweight, although the standard Razr was a bit too light for me.  I found it difficult to hold onto and was always worried about dropping it, even with a case on it.  While the Maxx is only slightly thicker, that thickness combined with a bit more weight due to the battery allow me to get a much more secure handle on it.Now onto the battery...I charged it up and figured I'll let the battery run out over the course of a day or so to "condition" the battery AND to see how long it will last.  Two days later I was still waiting and I swear it was on 10% for 6 hours, it felt like it took forever to get it down to 0% and shut down.  I use it the same way I used my original Razr and that would frequently not last an entire day, especially if I were using GPS or 4G a lot.  It is sweet to have have the freedom to use my phone however I want for as long as I want without fear that my battery will run down and I'll be stuck without a phone.Trust me, you will be amazed with the battery life of this phone!

ughhhh!  this phone is scary ugly!  I don't know why anyone would even compare this ugly phone to an iPhone....iPhone is just simply the best! period bar none!as a matter of fact:  iPhone4s is the only phone used by God himself! hahahhahahahahhaha!

I am still waiting for my charger from amazon, but in the mean time I only need to charge it overnight. Some prerequisite about my scenario: I am a 14 year old guy additcted to his phone :) and previously I had an lg lucid because it was cheap. I got what I payed for and after 15 factory resets, two phones and three dicferent ROM builds along with a battery that lasted three hours of use or a day of non-use on standby. Out of options and thouroughly frustrated, i got this razr maxx with a cracked screen for a hundred bucks and could not be happier. The cracks do not show when the beautiful AMOLED is lit up the blacks are so black and the colors so vibrant, i perfer it over the display on my brother's new ipad (3). The frame is very wide if you have small hands this phone is not for you. But it is lighter than every phone i ever used, including the crappy prepaid ones and clamshells.Yesterday when I got it i was texting my friends and downloading old apps from 9 - 4, and it still had 20% left for some pandora in the car for an hour and a few phone calls. I even used it to call a friend in the shower, not only was the call quality fantastic it survived the shower for almost ten minutes and i am here now with it to write this review off of it. ICS is fluid and feature-packed and a major upgrade from GB, i can wait until early Q4 for the JB update.It has survived a few drops so far and we are going to san diego in a few days I will update the review after I take it in the ocean a little to take advantage of the awesome cammera. I hope it survives I wont push it but this thing will go a couple feet under, based off of googling the topic it seems pretty safe.I just found the tab button on the keyboard, which is very responsive with no texting lag unlike any other phone I ever used. I heard that you can also hook a keyboard up to it via a micro usb adapter, while I have yet to try this myself. I can not stress how good and natural this thing feels in my hand, and i can not think of anything wrong with it except for no word on the jelly bean update, i highly recommend getting it solved the battery problem on every single smartphone except this one. Good job moto, you did what the galaxy s3 just missed and the iphone never came close to- the perfect smartphone. Until any phone with a comparable built-in stock battery comes out I am sticking with this thing I love never having to worry about the battery.UPDATE: I took this thing with me on the plane to Cali and I forgot to charge it that night. it was chugging along the whole five hour plane ride when it was at 20% to begin with, listening to music half the time and playing games the rest of the time. Alas, it died five minutes before we got to the hotel. I decided not to bring it in the water even though i still showered with it several times and saw videos on youtube of it tolerating much worse than what I planned to do with it. If any problams arise then I will update.

The phone itself - so far - is amazing.  Coming from a Droid 2 - it's a major upgrade.However - I use my computer to hook up to my phone during business hours for drive access and battery charging.  The Droid2 would charge just fine hooked up to the computer (albeit slower than wall charger) however - the Maxx will not charge at all.  Just sits - no matter how long plugged in.  My company purchased 3 of these for the some of our staff.  They all behave the same.Due to the purpose and way we use the phone and our business model - this is a big issue.

This phone is just amazing.  I have owned it for several weeks now, and I have not worried about my battery level yet.  Something I was always worried about with my previous phones. With this one, I just don't worry and I like that.  Many more comments to come, but I'll edit later to add.

ok now this is the best phone hands down i love love love love love this phone i am not a big moto fan but gots to show love to this one i love the hdmi part no other phone even have that now and that is a plus love the feel of it love the way it is made love the fact that i can drip it and it still come back good love the fact that is could take a 64g sd card i love the over all look of the phone

First, the battery life really is amazing on this phone. I wanted to see how long it would last if I used my phone lightly, which I do most of the time.  I didn't need to charge my phone for 46h... Almost two full days before the battery reached 5%! I sent some texts as usual, made quite a few calls, downloaded some music and a lot of apps, streamed a few videos, and did a lot of web browsing.  Pretty impressive! Although I have to mention that the first two days I used the phone, the battery was decent, but it definitely wasn't great.  It lasted a full workday before I had to charge it, but so did my previous phone.  I thought something was wrong after reading other people's reviews about the battery life, but it really lives up to my expectations now.  So give it a few days if you're having the same problem.The phone is very large (I'm a girl and I have small hands), so at first I was hesitant.  It took some time getting used to it, but the size doesn't bother me anymore.  The phone feels sturdy.For now, I don't mind that it doesn't have ice cream sandwich because my previous phone was an original motorola droid and after two years, this is already a huge step up for me.  It would be nice to upgrade the OS by the end of the year though...I thought the user interface was ugly.  The icons were too large and blah for my taste and they actually made the phone look kind of dated. But I downloaded another launcher that allows more customizing and I can use different icons. It looks way better now. I'd suggest doing that to make the phone look sleeker, but that's just my personal taste.I like the screen. I read in some reviews that it was dull, but it really isn't. I mean, sure the resolution is not as high as others currently available in the market, but dull?? No way.  I can actually see really well in the sunlight as well.The camera is okay. I like that there is almost no shutter lag, but if the lighting is not right, the pictures are just decent, not amazing.  But who cares, that's not what I need my phone to do.  Also, I wish I could delete some of the pre-installed apps.  They take up a huge amount of space and I know I will never use a lot of them.On the 4G network, the phone is FAST! I live in San Diego, CA, and we have a pretty strong network here.  At home, my download speeds on 4G are higher than on my wireless network (22-24Mbps vs. 12Mbps).  I literally download and install apps in seconds, that's amazing.So despite minor complaints, I absolutely love this phone, and I'm really glad I chose it!

I bought 3 of these phones and my kids love them.  Then one was dropped and the "gorilla glass" shattered.  We were told we had to pay $170 for a replacement and we agreed.  Now, one month later, the phone is still not repaired and Motorola cannot give me an estimate on when I will get it back (they actually shipped the phone back to me the first time I sent it to them).  I even have a receipt where Motorola signed for the 2nd delivery on February 17th... so much for the promised 5 day turnaround.  I will never buy another Motorola product because no matter what you do, eventually you will require service.  If I were Verizon or Amazon, I would not want my brand associated in any way with Motorola.  I'm hoping to get the phone back at some point, but I have no idea when.  This is unbelievable.

BEWARE -- BEWARE -- BEWARE! As others have noted there is a serious design flaw on this phone. Bought this phone in June, for my daughter who is now away at college, and from what I have read we are lucky that it has lasted this long. A few days ago we got a message from her that her phone had what looked like a crack in the screen. The gorilla glass was just fine, it was the actual LCD screen under the glass that had cracked. She was finally able to get a ride to the Verizon store to have it checked out and the rep at the store said that it was a "pressure crack" and they were not going to replace it without us going through the insurance on the phone and paying the $100 deductable. After doing a simple google search on "cracked droid razr", I discovered that there are a LOT of people that are having the same problem. Descriptions of people who had set their phones down and 5 minutes later picked it up to discover the crack, to pulling it out of a jacket pocket to find it cracked, all without any specific reason for the cracks appearing. There are discussion threads on both the Verizon and Motorolla websites about this and there is even a website and youtube video dedicated to these cracks.I was able to get the phone replaced under warranty, after a bit of discussion with Verizon, so at least we will have a working phone to use and did avoid the $100 deductible. But I don't have much faith that this phone will last very long without this happening again. When I was discussing this with the Verizon rep, I still was not able to get them to admit that there are problems with this phone. That said I am still at a loss to figure out how they can claim "pressure crack" or even get them to explain how somone could put enough pressure on a piece of tempered glass to crack the LCD screen under the glass, but not actually break the glass too....I had Verizon put a note in my account that says they will replace this phone with a different phone if this happens again.If you do chose to go with this phone understand you have been warned.......

I thought I would upgrade to the iPhone 4S when I was eligible, but I felt blah about it.  Everyone around me has an iPhone, which they love, but there were things that excited me more about with the new Android phones.  I decided to go with the Galaxy Nexus because of its stellar reviews and high rankings on phone lists.  I liked the screen size and resolution, and Android 4.0 is wonderful.  However, the connectivity to service was awful.  I lost service when making a call when walking out of the Verizon store -- and in a major metropolitan area.  I lost service on almost every call I made after that, which was frustrating and disappointing.  The change the SIM card at Verizon, which didn't change anything.  Service was moderately better on 3G, but I still had problems, so I decided to return it.  In addition, the battery life was very short, and it got uncomfortably hot while talking on it during the few times I was able to do so.The day after I bought the Galaxy Nexus, the Razr Maxx was released, but, since I could only do one return at Verizon, I was hesitant to try another 4G phone.  I was resigned to get the iPhone 4S, thinking it was the safe option (upgrades, streamlined opeeration, iTunes, etc.).  But, after having the Galaxy Nexus for two days, the iPhone felt so small and heavy, and I knew I couldn't use the widgets that I enjoy with Android.  It's silly, but I wanted to be excited about getting a new phone, and I wasn't excited about the iPhone.While the salesman was returning the Galaxy Nexus and preparing to set me up on the iPhone 4S, I wandered over to the Razr Maxx display.  I liked it very much, so I decided to take a chance on another 4G phone, and I have been very happy with my decision.SCREEN:  I just prefer the bigger screen of the current line of Android phones of iPhone.  The Razr Maxx screen may not have the much lauded pixel density of the iPhone 4/4S or the Galaxy Nexus, but it is very bright, and I barely notice a difference.CONNECIVITY:  No problems.  And 4G really is very fast.  I use it at home instead of WiFi since I was grandfather into an unlimited data plan.PROCESSOR:  Very quick.  Just an occasional hick-up when going back to the home screen, probably due to the calendar and weather clock widgets I have running there.  Not a big deal, and it may improve with ICS.OPERATING SYSTEM:  No, it doesn't have Ice Cream Sandwich, but I am coming from Froyo, and this is much better.  I can live happily with it until the ICS update arrives.  Also, I am a Google fan, and I would have a difficulty time without navigation from Google Maps, which is something a friend who switched from the original Droid to iPhone misses greatly.BUILD:  I love how it feels.  Much more comfortable that the Razr.  I'm not using a cover on it yet, and may not put one one due to the great build quality (Kevlar, Gorilla Glass).  However, I did put on a screen protector, "just in case!"And finally, BATTERY:  Fantastic.  I was so conditioned by my old phone -- and even by two days with the Galaxy Nexus -- to constantly worry about the battery, but I worry no longer.  I easily get through a day with moderate to heavy use, and the batter has yet to go below 30%.  For me, it's worth it.I did research ad nauseum when my upgrade was approaching.  I learned that no phone is perfect and no phone is for everyone.  This one spoke to me, and I am enjoying it very much!

Looks great function worse than droid x.  TERRIBLE BATTERY,  dont use for alarm clock. GPS works about 50% of the time. Dont buy this phone.  I loved my previous motos but this one is garbage.

The phone is fast and smooth.  LTE speeds are decent, 3G seems a smidge slower then T-mobile.  The GPS finds it's bearings much faster then my old Galaxy S did.  The phone doesn't always transition from LTE to 3G towers as well as I would like.  I occasionally lose my internet radio station when I drive from 3G area to LTE.  Battery life is excellent for an LTE phone.  I was worried whether I would miss having the ability to swap batteries, so far no.  The phone lasted about 2 days on a charge.  This is with light/moderate use.  I don't use the phone much at work, just before and after.  Make sure you have wifi enabled when you are home as this phone is capable of using tremendous amounts of data.Not happy about paying for 2 days of service while phone was in shipment.  I think I would rather buy local if price is the same in the future.These are my initial impressions of the phone, the service and buying from Amazon.

This review is from: Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX 4G Android Phone, Black 32GBTo whom it may concern:On June 28, 2012, I purchased a new Razr Maxx. The selleer did not indicate that the RazR was due for an operating system upgrade. A few weeks after the purchase (about 14 days later), I woke up and the device required an update. The update installed and my phone was essentially useless for the rest of the day - no texting and no e-mail. The next day I contacted the seller (the largest US wireless phone company with the best reception network) and they said that the update was the software providers fault (the largest internet search company) and they would not refund my money (for a phone that was basically dead). The RazRMaxx completely failed after two weeks.The seller did offer to fix the phone, so I spent several hours on the phone until eventually they got it to work. A few days later, I was out of town on a job and coordinating numerous contractors. This new phone, which I paid $ 299.00 for plus the package for the holster, etc., plus used my 2-year upgrade (about $ 400 total) died completely. I took it to three of the seller's stores in the Philadelphia/Wilmington area and they all worked on the phone and could not restore it to working order - they couldn't even get it to turn on. I called my home store in Annapolis and they said "oh we can fix it" even though three other stores had failed to do so. NIn my opinion, the RazR phone shouldn't be purchased by anyone until they work out the defective software. It was known to be defective at the time of the sale, and the arrangements that the manufacturer of the RazR have with the various sellers makes it impossible to get a refund for a defective product.I will also be contacting a variety of consumer protection agencies to assist with this, including the Federal Trade Commission, state agencies, and all of the appropriate elected representatives. If you consider buying a RazR phone, you do so at your own peril. Buyer Beware!!!

This was my first phone from AmazonWireless. It was $80 less then Verizon !! and amazon had it in stock and it arrived 2 day early. I order it on a Saturday and the shipped it Saturday! instead of Monday. So i had phone Monday!! I was also looking at Google Galaxy Nexus phone but after reading all the poor signal  trouble and the short battery with 4G. I took one more chance with Motorola. WOW Motorola have really improved stuff since Droid X both phone running same operating system at this time but the new MotoBlur is much better.I was reading how some said the screen was not as good on Razr Maxx compared to Google galaxy Nexus. Compared to my Droid X I'm impressed how good the screen is. Maybe their is a little  hint of blue to the white but nothing you will notice after a day or two using the phone. I got 11MB download on 4G LTE so far!!. The phone is ALL BLACK. i was not expecting that. The chrome bezel around the phone is BLACK.  The one thing i can't figure out is the storage the phone has ? My phone says 8GB internal storage and 14.82GB SD Card thats only 22GB not 32GB.I did find another 8GB in Media Sync storage. So that 30GB so that sounds right. My Droid X did not have separate storage location. I have about 460 mp3/song and it seem to have stored them in Media Sync Storage I'm using 4.17GB of that 8GB.The new MotoBlur has this new online Sync you can put on say your desk top computer it will Sync with phone. O their is like 2 or 3GB of storage just for Apps. So that the 32GB of storage. My droid X just has 16GB on phone and 16GB on SD card. nothing was separate like the RazrMaxx. Maybe thats why my Droid X would crash so much

There are many reviews that detail the pros can cons and for the most part I agree with them.  My job requires that I own MANY mobile devices (Android and iOS) for testing so I have used many Android and iOS models supplied by my company....yes, I'm one lucky gadget freak.I seriously considered switching from an Android phone to an iPhone when I was eligible for an upgrade.  Once I tried out the Razr Maxx, I reconsidered.  I did my research between the Razr Maxx, Samsung Galaxy Nexus and iPhone4s.  I decided to get the Razr based mainly on battery life and that I prefer Android due to the much higher flexibility when it comes to customization.  While the Nexus has ICS which I have used, I find that I do not miss not having ICS yet.  Motorola has really done their homework with this phone and it shows.  The only drawback (and this is true of all non-Google experience Android phones) is that the availability of OS updates is up to the carrier and handset maker.  The Nexus will always get updates when they are available, but the Razr will get them much later if at all.  Apple kicks Android's butt on this and always will, but I can say with confidence that I am happy with this phone as it is and if the ICS upgrade (or any after ICS) are delayed by months I don't really care because the phone is stellar out of the box.To restate the obvious from all the reviews, the battery life (which has been the bane of Android phones) is stellar.  This phone has set the bar for all phones in the area of battery life.  In the end, all the cool bells and whistles don't matter if the phone runs out of juice and you're not near a power outlet.

The battery life is amazing the battery is amazing I had to say it twice. The screen is large and very bright.  4G speeds are great. The user interface is great and is easy to navigate.  My only gripe is I wish Verizon and Motorola would allow you to delete the preloaded bloatware without rooting the device.  Other than that this is THE BEST phone I have ever owned...

I have only had the phone for 24 hours. I dealt with an obnoxious Galaxy Nexus for a month, I carried 2 extended batteries and a regular one for the Nexus and still had battery issues, it would never make it 4 hours with the extended battery, it is a tethered phone by neccesity, also I would constantly lose half of my calls, what I mean is my voice would drop out of the call but I could still hear the other party, on most of my calls. I had the sim card replaced twice and the phone once. The replacement phone would never recognize a sim card, Verizon could not make it work. Stay away from the Nexus, ICS is not worth it at all just to have this junk phone. It also would get very hot.So far with the Razr Maxx, the screen looks just as good to me, very quick and easy to set up. The operating system is just as intuitive and easy to use as ICS for me. Love the smart actions. Best of all, I left the phone off of charge and on with no smart actions set, over night. The next morning it still had 90 percent charge, the Nexus would have died early in the night.I highly recommend this phone, if for nothing but the battery, but the rest appears to be a real winner also. DROID !My wife and son and the rest of my office have I phones. I have an IPad, didn't want another one, plus I do not like Apples arrogance. I own a Galaxy tab 10.1 I love it, just not as smooth as the IPad. I will drop apple like a bad habit when it is. Plus apple is not 4g.Update :  sept 12, 2012Phone turned out to be quirky, had more butt dials than I have ever had. Case is not sturdy by itself. I squatted down with the phone in my pocket and the screen cracked, $300.00 to fix the screen. Sorry had to go with the IPhone. Got a new one for less than the screen repair, $200.00 less. I phone has less screen but so far is less quirky and the body is solid. Turns out this is a knownIssue.

I bought a Droid Razr Maxx in April and it has worked for the past 4 months but not as well as advertised.  Occasionally the battery level will drop 20-40% instantaneously for no apparent reason.  After a lot of trouble shooting I decided that this was probably a hardware and not a software problem and sent it to Motorola for repair.  They promised to have my phone back to me after 5 days, on day 6 they finally contacted me and tell me that my phone's warranty is void because my phone had been exposed to water.  On my honor, I never dropped my phone in the water or spilled water on this phone.  After some research I found that the liquid damage indicator is just inside the phone next to the power button.  So if you have sweaty hands don't touch the power button you may void your warranty!  ifixit.com even wrote "We recommend not sweating while holding this phone, as that indicator is mighty close to the edge!" [...].  DON'T BUY THIS PHONE, Motorola has designed its warranty to void.

I have owned my fair share of phones including: the Nokia 1100 with Tracfone, LG Chocolate with Verizon, LG Flare with Virgin Mobile, Blackberry Bold 9000 & 9700 with AT&T;, LG Optimus Slider with Virgin Mobile again, and finally the Droid Razr Maxx with Verizon.  Of all of these service providers, Verizon Wireless has provided me with the widest, most reliable service and coverage.  Their prices are on par with AT&T;'s pricing, which, if you opt for a smartphone, will be around $110/month with 450 voice minutes, unlimited text messaging, and 4GB of data. Virgin mobile and Tracfone are far cheaper, but for me, the service just didn't seem to be reliable or consistent enough.As far as the phone goes, it has everything I would want in a smartphone: long battery life, great service, good speakers, a very good and responsive on-screen keyboard with options for multi-touch or Swype, an amazing HD display with auto-rotation, the Android market, a 1.2GHZ Dual-Core Processor, 16GB of internal storage and 16GB of external storage, GPS and location services, front and rear facing cameras, and a Micro-USB and HDMI port.  The battery is non-removable, which may be a concern for some. Personally, I have had no issues with this.  The form factor remains very thin and took me a while to get used to for typing and phone operation, but this is a personal issue. I was initially worried about moving to an all-touch phone because my previous two phones had physical keyboards as well as touchscreens, however the larger screen provides a better onscreen keyboard/touch experience than the others. It is very reactive with word-prediction/correction and auto-capitalization.Overall, I am extremely satisfied with the phone's features and Verizon's service.  It is a little more expensive than many of the other phones/providers, but in the end, I feel that it is definitely worth the price.  I highly recommend the Droid Razr Maxx to anyone who wants a high powered, long lasting smartphone with the Android OS/Market.

As of right now, I can easily say this is the best smart phone I have owned. Battery is as advertised, and you can go 2-3 days if you actually put effort into conserving battery life (use WIFI whenever possible, turn data off when its not needed, use Smart Actions app, etc). But you will easily get a full day with normal use, for almost any type of smartphone user. Does well on 4g and even better on 3g.Voice quality is perfectly fine, phone is snappy and responsive, and Motorola's custom Android skin works fine. Phone feels nice, and I would recommend the Diztronic case for it (if you want a case), fits well and does not add much weight to the device.

Worked for 4 months. I have a warranty and an insurance. Verizon W. has sent me two replacement phones but none of them was technically OK. One had a very poor battery. Lasted only couple hours. Second did not have a signal. Third I cannot get so far so I am without a working phone for two weeks already. I belive it is a faulty model. Motorola offered a repair. I would have to send the phone to them for 2 weeks and then maybe they repair it. But in the meantime they would not provide a loaners phone. I am sorry I spent $400 for this phone. Now I cannot get the money back nor another working device. It is also a time for me to really see the quality of Verizon Wireless customer service after being their customer with 4 phone lines for 7 years and paying over $3000 a year for their plans. Motorola Customer Service lady actually laughed at me when I requested a replacement or loaner's phone.

Bought a Galaxy Nexus first but burned through a fully charged battery in less than a day (~4- hours of use) and kept dropping calls in first week of use on Verizon's usually excellent network.  So turned it in and exchanged it for the Razr Maxx.  What a GREAT decision.  This phone holds a charge all day long (8+ hours) with heavy use.  With light use while studing for an exam, I timed it and it lasted 74 HOURS before recharging!  ARE YOU KIDDING ME???!!!  NO!!!!!!!  That is the ABSOLUTE TRUTH!  Never even heard of a smartphone lasting 2 days, let alone 3!  And my previous 2 smartphones I added extended batteries to them but none lasted this long.  I suspect Motorola has optimized the software with the imbedded extended battery for primo extended use.  Have owned this phone for a few months now and have not regreted it at all.  Love it.

I'm coming from a Droid Incredible(a phone with few glithches until the updates), i did alot of reading about the Razr, Rezound, and Nexus. They all had positive reviews but usually it was the Nexus that got the edge. This was mainly due to the fact it had ICS. So i went to the verizon store and played with all three(plus the Spectrum). Quick findingsRezound: Very familiar feel and operation. Nice screen but bulkly(with reported bad battery life an extended battery is not an option for me). Camera was fast and took good pics.Nexus: Best looking phone, camera was fast and took good pics. ICS seemed weird but it was fast. Samsung Screen impressive once again. No sdcard is tough to live with. Not heavy at all.Spectrum: Feels cheap. The UI isn't the best in the world. Very light. Takes great pics. Honestly i was just worried because its a LG phone. They have not been very good so far.Rar Maxx: Nice solid feel. Very nice screen. Very zippy. The camera was dissappointing. But the idea of a super battery and reports of ICS builds coming out soon, it was hard to pass up.Anyway, i have had the MAXX for about 24hrs now. I haven't cycled the battery though. So i really can't comment on the battery. But it seems like the real deal so farPros:Big Sharp screen.UI not quite as useful as Sense UI but it looks Much betterEasy access to SD/SIM cardsUses standard micro usb cordSignal is strong( I don't live in a 4G LTE area though)Good call qualityCons:As far as I know lack of FTP support over bluetoothCamera still isn't very good(But i think its a software thing thus can be improved)A ton a bloatware!Price! (I realize some patience goes a long way. By next month it probably be $149 - $199)Screen Bezel. Its too thick. When typing in landscape i find myself tapping the bezel and not the space key. I thought the screen was being unresponsive.Developer Support - I'm not a developer but i look to them for help alot. Motorola hasn't been too cooperative with the Razr'sOverall - Good phone. Verizon needs to stop with these $299 phones. (I know.... i got it like an idiot!) If you get this phone i don't think you will be dissappointed. Motorola is really supporting this phone. Its sad LG got the best TV commerical though (R2D2 vs Spectrum lol)

This phone is just simply amazing. The battery life is amazing. I have lost power at my house for 3 days and I was not conserving my battery at all. I was taking pics, texting, download, ect for three days straight and battery life just hit 50% on the morning of Day 3. Its really fast, has not locked up once. With 4G in my area surfing the web is amazing. This phone is just awesome. Good job Motorola!

This phone is easy to use and has a nice size screen for viewing mail, videos, movies.  After using the Droid OS for the last couple of years, I found this to be a very easy transition.

I choose this phone, along with a Razr for my wife, after much research. The lack of ICS and NFC gave me pause, but with ICS coming and NFC still not ready in the US, I was happy choosing this. Tough and durable, this should easily last me 2 years.  The Kevlar back has a nice feel and the whole phone feels solid and ready for years of normal use.The Razr Maxx is an almost perfect smartphone. It replaced my HD2 so I was used to the size. The 4.3" AMOLED screen is beautiful and covered with Gorilla Glass. The dual core 1.2ghz processor is unstoppable. Expandable storage to 32gb. I wish the battery was removable so as to allow for easier re-boots if Android hangs, but I'll trade the fantastic battery life for having a sealed battery.The battery life is as good as the reviews say. I think the Razr Maxx's 3300 mAh battery is stronger than some tablet batteries. I leave the LTE on, as well as Wi-Fi and usually Bluetooth. All day. I have one of several Live Wallpapers running too. All day.  I've gotten the battery down to 20% by day's end once or twice, but that was after heavy use.  Not needing to charge during the day and still using the phone to its fullest capacity is really nice.The 8mb camera is useful and mostly eliminates the need for a dedicated camera. HD video capture is pretty good and more than adequate for normal life events.My Razr Maxx, along with Google Maps, makes for a great GPS in my car. If I purchase the Razr Maxx vehicle dock, I would have greater functionality. I have an older GPS device that I put on a shelf next to my old digital camera.Smart Actions is a useful tool. This is a simple set of instructions that can be used like a macro. You set up trigger events and which will then execute the actions you've pre-determined for a given event.  For example, when my Maxx logs onto my home Wi-Fi Smart Actions automatically shuts down cellular data, adjusts the screen brightness upward and extends the screen blackout timer. It changes my settings back when it logs off my home Wi-Fi, automatically.The 4G LTE speeds are amazing. I've tested it in various locations and the D/L speeds range from 6MBs to 12MBs. My cable modem is usually 3MBs. Upload is fast too. I ran the speed test in my local T-Mobile store and the clerks were amazed and jealous that T-Mobile doesn't offer any smartphones as powerful or as fast. Then I explained MotoCast to them. They understood why I left T-Mobile after 9.5 years.MotoCast is Motorola's s/w that enables a connection between my Razr Maxx and my computer...all the time and from anywhere.  I've got 10 years of data in Outlook but I didn't have to abandon Outlook to use my Razr Maxx, unlike Windows Phone 7 forces home users to do. I plugged the cable in and MotoCast copied my contacts from Outlook onto my phone in about a minute.  MotoCast syncs contacts regularly and Google calendar syncs with Outlook.  Even though syncing my Razr Maxx is a little bit more involved than with my HD2, I've got amazing features that Windows Phone 7 and iPhone users won't soon have, if ever.MotoCast is nothing like a cloud drive because MotoCast does not force me to choose a few GB of media or data to upload onto a 3rd party "Cloud-drive". I have well over 5gb of songs and way more than that in videos. I have full "cloud" access to everything on my computer, without depending on 3rd party servers or shuffling files between a cloud drive and my computer. Real life example: My wife and I were out driving and she wanted to listen to a particular artist. I simply used MotoCast to access my home computer and played the desired album in our car. Without worrying if I had it on my phone or a 3rd party cloud-drive. MotoCast will also upload new pictures and captured video to my home computer. My only concern with MotoCast is that Google will somehow mess it up when they finish buying Motorola Mobility.The ecosystem of devices available to me was a big factor too. I've got the HD Dock and this allows my phone to act as an alarm clock while charging. I can play all the music I own, output HDMI video to my HDTV using the mini-HDMI port. My phone can use the HDMI connection to my TV to become a small netbook-type computer using Webtop. My Razr Maxx acts like a touchpad mouse to control a cursor on the TV screen. Firefox and other apps are available.  I can buy a laptop-type of dock that comes with its own screen and ports. The combination of Webtop and the laptop-type dock provides me with a usable netbook if needed.Awesome smartphone, strong h/w, ICS soon, MotoCast, Webtop, Smart Actions and very useful accessories make this expensive smartphone a great value.

I got my HTC Incredible two years ago for free through a promotion at Best Buy. It was my first entry in the smartphone world and I will always love that phone. It performed every day and every night with no hitches. Still on the original battery after two years, and I'm sure I could go even longer.I got my Motorola Razr Maxx today through Amazon Wireless and after a little confusion with the SIM card and Verizon's activation process(this was the first phone I activated myself), this thing is just amazing. So user friendly and man is this thing fast. The 4G is super fast and even my wi-fi at home is blazing fast on this phone. The one feature I like the most is the one that will switch you to an available wifi network to save you from killing yourself on data charges on the 4G network. It is a BIG phone,almost too big, but you wont hear me complaining. My only complaint about the whole process is that I bought this phone Friday night for $69.99 and NOW I see they lowered the price to $44.99 on here and are giving it away for FREE at Best Buy on Black Friday with a 2-year activation.

I have owned Many smart phones, this is by far the best phone i have ever owned.  Its android 4.0 which is ics, Dual Core, very snappy.The amoled screen is absolutley gorgeous.  The most obvious thing when you use the phone is the battery, It is so outstanding,  i use it for buisness and personal when not working,  this phone will consistentley go over 24 hours with heavy use, here are two examples of the times.unplugged for 26 hours showing over 4.5 hours talk time, 100 messages, and creating and faxing invoices and web browsing and the battery was at 20 percent,  another example was 36 hours with 2.4 hours talk time and the battery was at 10 percent.  theres never a moment were the battery drops quickly, it has excellent stamina and coupled with motorola's power management its nothing short of amazing. the battery life on my previous older iphone and my htc evo was so freaking pathetic after about four hours you better be plugging in.. and did i mention how beautiful the phone is, its very thin,  very light but feels stout. I dont have a case on it and it has fallen out of my pocket twice, both times it hit the deck from about 5.5 feet high and survived. and with verizon in bakersfield ca we have 4g in most areas, the 4g speed is incredible, it shows download speeds that look to be twice as fast as my brighthouse cable. and also the cool ability to talk and browse at the same time is super cool.  I just felt like i should share my opinion of this wonderful device..one other very important item is going from att to sprint to verizon over about a 4 year period, the verizon service is stellar, very very reliable which is important when you have customers calling,half the time my sprint phone wouldnt even ring, and then to make it worse many times the voicemail that someone left me would not deliver to me for as long as 30 minutes,  by then i would loose the job.  now on verizon in 1 month of use I have only had 5 voicemails but it alerted me immeadiatley and it has only happened because i couldnt get my caller to stop talking to switch over quick enough..

The most advanced smartphone I have ever used. Very professional looking. The screen is very nice the glass feels smooth and strong. The call quality is very good and the signal is strong and consistent. The camera works well and the flash is decent. The phone does everything its supposed to do efficiently. I like how it comes installed with a 16gb SD card and along with the 8gb internal storage memory seems more than sufficient. The external speaker seems very capable. I like how the back of the phone is made with kevlar. I like how the phone has two microphones it seems like callers can hear me better than other phones. The Motorola keyboard is very spacious and capable. I like this phone very much

The usual praise as I have read before I bought;  incredibly fast, good reception, streaming is stupid-crazy and no dropped connections.  I am in the mountains so this is a must.  The smart app is interesting but needs better instructions, too confusing to set up.  Perhaps i am just lazy and haven't put in the required time to figure it out.  One step at a time.  The phone is light weight and feels great to hold. I use it all day, usually online and the battery last for an easy 14 hours.  I took out my old 16gb card from the Droidx and put it into this updated one and had those apps ready to run.Now, here is what really impressed me...more of a kudos to Amazon and a money saver for anyone if thinking of buying...I wanted to upgrade my phone before deadline with Verizon so I could continue with the unlimited data.  It would be grandfathered in...and thankfully I was due an upgrade.  I first went to Verizon site, price of phone to update was 199 and then you would get the honor of paying Verizon and additional 30 dollars for a phone they don't even own. Just kill me.So I needed to check out some things with the Razr Maxx and my accessories from my original Droidx.  Two days later I go to the Verizon store.  Get all my answers and am ready to purchase.  I am told the price has jumped from 199 to 299.  In two days???  I show the store Amazon's price , bringing it up on their computer.  Nope..won't match it.  Go home, call Verizon and am told IF I buy from a 3rd party no guarantee I get the same benefits, package and would have several restrictions.  My 4th call to Verizon that same day, I finally get a representative that tells me honestly that I'll receive the same upgraded package upon activation.Bottom line, I got the phone for a hundred less, no 30 dollar excess phone fee, no activation fee as it was an upgrade and no tax.  The extra condition...i had to remain with carrier for 6 months or receive a fine.  As I just signed a 2 year contract seemed to be a moot point. If you are looking to buy a phone, definitely look at other 3rd party sources because the carriers will take and take and take.  Don't reward bad behavior.The one truly negative on this phone is the god-awful camera.  It's too dark to see what you are viewing on screen. Using the zoom is pointless unless the phone is on a tripod because any tiny shake and the picture is blurred.  The video is a little better but still worthless in the day because again, the viewing is so dark you aren't certain what you are shooting.  I hope this upgrade to Ice Cream will address this issue. Verizon has started rolling out the upgrade from Gingerbread to ICS.  Over all, for 200, this phone is an absolute bargain. Solid, multi-functional and an entire entertainment center held right in your hand.

Battery life has been the Achilles Heel of smart phones.With my previous phones, I had to carry my charger wherever I went. With my Incredible, I even carried a spare battery AND an external backup battery- in addition to the charger.  Having an extended battery often meant having an awkward bulky hump on the back as well as a severe weight penalty. But Motorola has gotten it right with this one. The phone is still very slim and only slightly heaver than the standard razr, yet has battery life that truly lasts all day. In the first few days with it, I turned everything on and left it that way all day- Bluetooth, WiFi, GPS- something I never would have done with previous phones. I enabled all of my apps to update as often as they see fit. I even chose an active wallpaper. I have spent many hours installing apps, pulling music down to the phone via Subsonic, Watching YouTube videos, configuring the home screens, reading a couple of chapters of a book on the Kindle app, streaming music via Bluetooth to my stereo- pretty much the better part of a Saturday using the heck out of the phone without ever plugging it in. The battery was only just above 50% by the time I went to bed. Most of the use I just outlined would have required me to have the Incredible plugged in the whole time.Overall, I am very happy with the rest of the capabilities of this phone. It is fast and has quite a bit of internal storage, however I'm not sure I like how the storage is partitioned. The "sdcard" you see in the file system is actually a partition within the internal memory (about 8GB). The sdcard slot you can load shows up as sdcard-ext. Not many apps can map data to this, so that 32GB class 10 card I just bought won't do much for me except hold pictures and music. All of the application storage - and apps that you move to the "sdcard" will actually remain internal. That class 10 I just paid a premium for won't actually do much to boost phone performance, since I am stuck with whatever speed memory is built in. But when I look over the sdcard of my previous phone, the majority of my sdcard utilization was actually music and video, so maybe that 8gb storage limitation won't be that big of a deal.My only other complaint might be the fact that it is still so thin as to make it slightly uncomfortable to hold. But the good news is that when in a case, it is just about right. I went with the Seidio Active case (Seidio BD2-HK3MTRMK-BK ACTIVE Combo with Metal Kickstand for Motorola Droid RAZR MAXX - Retail Packaging - Black) with the holster. The last Seidio case I had was the first case I've had to outlast the phone. The Active case on the Razr makes the phone very comfortable to hold, adds lots of protection, and has a fold out kickstand on the back. An added bonus is that instead of having a cutout for the power and volume buttons, Sedio built it into the rubber of the inner case- so you actually have an easier to locate rubber button over the actual button, which works very well.Until more phones have batteries on par with the MAXX, I can't see having chosen any other phone - even if some others boast more pixel count (I'm dubious about the necessity of HD resolutions on such a small screen- especially if all that resolution requires more processing power and more battery usage). Sure you can get extended batteries for other phones, but this one beats most others on thickness and weight in stock form. It is well worth the price premium in my opinion.Now, if we could just speed up the LTE roll out in my area...

This phone performs as expected. Has very good battery life and is FAST! So far I've had very few problems. Most of them were learning curves but if you know anything about computing or smart phones it's a small curve. The second night I had the phone it went dead. I thought it was a goner but I found help on the internet. If your phone appears to have died, plug in the charger for about an hour and then push the Power button the Volume Down button together for about 10 seconds. The phone should reboot in about a minute. Haven't had the problem since. It appears that some apps will cause this initially but after the reboot they work fine.

I upgraded from the Droid I had for just under two years.  My Razr Maxx is faster, recovers from apps to the home screen very quickly, and has a great screen -- very clear, with nice resolution.  I very clearly get better reception.  I live in a rather remote area that prevented me from using my phone the middle two-thirds of the trip between work and home.  I now only lose the signal in a really low spot that everyone loses it in.  The only negative I have is that I was expecting much better battery life, even after making sure the wi-fi is off and it is set to not look for the 4G network we don't have up here yet.  I don't notice much difference between the Razr and my old phone in that regard.  For instance, a one-hour phone call took it from full-charge to 90%.  It is a solid improvement for using apps, camera, etc., with the newer technology though, so I'm glad I got it.

Absolutely the best cell phone I ever had. It does everything it's intended to do perfectly with excellent battery life to boot. The only negative would be the camera in low light conditions. My contract is up, upgrades are available, but I see nothing available that is any better. So, I guess I'll stick with it until the next greatest marvel comes along.

I absolutely love this phone. I originally had the droid Razr and the battery would die within hours. Verizon wouldn't even admit there was a problem. But this phone easily lasts much more than the "twice" as long that they advertise. I can actually use this phone and not worry about it going dead throughout the day. You do want to disable 4g in places where you don't get a good signal and turn off wifi if you're not using it. Smart actions make this easy. The Android OS is great and I can't wait for the ICS upgrade later this month. I rated the original droid razr 1 star but this definitely earns a 5, mostly because the battery makes this phone usable! Thank goodness sanity prevailed. Well done Motorola.

For the first year this phone worked very well. After a year it started to slow down. This problem has gotten progressively worse. I've had it almost two years and now it is terrible. Sometimes the phone rings and by the time the phone responds to me trying to answer the call I've missed the call. Trying to use an app takes forever. I believe it has little to do with the carrier and a lot to do with the phone. I will never own another Motorola product because of this experience. The one thing that is good is the battery life is still strong. That was one of the primary reasons I chose this phone, and that remains good.ProsBattery lifeScreen SizeConsIt degenerated fast in terms of usefulnessI gave this phone two stars because the battery life has continued to be solid. And I got about one year of good use out of it. But the frustration I have had with this phone in this past year far overshadows anything good that the phone provided in the first year. I'm simply waiting out the contract to replace this piece of junk.

Would have rated this a 5 up until a week ago. . . but now I'm one of many to find out the glass (and customer service) stinks. . .check out these stories from other users [...]Had the phone about a month. Definitely have dropped it but nothing worse than any of the other phones I've had for over ten years. Look at the phone in bed before turning in (notice that as sometimes happens, it's hot). Put it on the bedside table and wake up to a crack on the screen. VZ and Motorola not helpful.

Before owning the Motorolla Razr Maxx ive owned the blackberry Storm, The Htc Incredible, and the HTC Thunderbolt, I would call my self a bit of a tech geek and am always seeking the newest technology. I bought the Razr Maxx because of the reported battery life and the advertised durability with the kevlar backing and the gorilla glass screen. The battery is as advertised as it will handle almost a full day of heavy use on a single charge, However the durability is not as advertised. After owning the Motorolla for just over 1 month with no problems i had the phone in my front pocket while i drove to work, when i parked at work i pulled the phone out of my pocket and saw that the screen had many small spider web type cracks from the top of the phone all the way down the left side to the bottom of the screen. The Motorolla was in a OEM shell case and was not under any kind of stress in my pocket. I contacted Verizon who told me to contact Motorolla which i did. Motorolla had me send the phone in which they had it for over a week and when i finally got it back i opened it up to find it had not been touched and included a paper saying not repaired becuase damage was due to customer neglect. Now if you are still thinking about buying this phone i suggest you google Razr Maxx screen problems and read the pages of people who had the same experience i had with this gorilla glass screen and know that Motorolla will not help or even acknowledge that there is a problem even with the mounting number of customer complaints for their product. Also know that replacement screen is over 200$ not including instalation. So if you still need to buy this phone i highly suggest buying the extra insurance and maybe wrapping it in bubble wrap when ever it is moved..

I was hanging on to my 3G Droid X because just about all the 4G phones recently released had mediocre battery life even with their extended batteries. When the Razr Maxx was announced, it immediately caught my attention. As soon as I saw it in the Verizon Store, I was hooked. It's hard to believe how they squeezed a 3300mAh battery into a phone this thin. Not only is the phone still very thin, it actually feels better in my hand than the standard Razr Maxx. As for it's performance, I find it excellent all around. Call quality is excellent. Radio reception is very good. The phone does come with Android 2.3 Gingerbread which is a disappointment, but Android 4.0 ICS should be right around the corner. The usual "Motoblur" UI is still there too, but it's not as bad as in the past. The phone also comes with some unwanted bloatware, but supposedly it can all be removed if wanted when Android 4.0 comes out. The rear camera takes very good pictures in good light, and fair at best pictures indoors under poor light. I've taken a few seconds of test video, but from what I can tell, it is good. The 4.3-inch Super AMOLED screen is in my opinion very good. I've seen some mixed reviews on it, and I'm sure there are better displays out there, but I have no problem with it. It's bright. Text is clear, and colors are accurate. Battery life is excellent, and even better than expected. I've gone 2 days of moderate to heavy usage, and I still have 40% left. Amazing. All in all, I totally love the DROID RAZR MAXX, and highly recommend it. It's not totally perfect, but comes as close as any phone I've ever owned.Pros:Spectacular battery life.Excellent call quality.Very good radio reception.Very fast 4G LTE data performance.Thin and lightweight.Dual-core 1.2 GHz processor.16GB internal memory, and 16GB microSD card included.Cons:No Android 4.x ICS yet.Phone takes up to 3 hours to fully charge.Mediocre camera performance in poor light.qHD 540x960 display might disappoint some.------------------------------------------------------------------------Update 6/23/12:I just received the Android 4.04 ICS update. An already great phone just got better. The phone seems faster, and you can either uninstall or disable most of the included bloatware.

My mom got this phone at the beginning of June at the recommendation of a Verizon employee. She was loving it until yesterday, after it got extremely hot on the back and shut down and would not turn back on, which was really bad for my mom because she runs an organization and people are always calling her to make a donation, ask questions about it (the organization), etc. so she was really frustrated with it and called Verizon customer service which was no help at all. It started working again last night but I suspect there is more to come. Until Motorola addresses these hardware issues and gets down to fixing them (which will probably be never), I suggest steering towards a more reliable choice like the iPhone. This phone has power, but it can't be used if it doesn't work correctly.UPDATE: 8/21/12I was right, there was more to come. This afternoon I found out that my mom had problems with the phone not charging this morning, and it was completely dead. We're still working with Verizon to see if the phone can be replaced under warranty. Right now, we are very dissatisfied with Motorola and Verizon. Bottom line: Motorola produces trash. If you want a good chance of a no-hassle two contract term, I seriously suggest going with an iPhone 4S or, if you can wait, the iPhone 5. If you want to take a risk, you've been warned.

I haven't written many reviews on here, and by that I mean "any".  However, I felt compelled to write a review after my first four days using the Razr Maxx. I was so fed up with my Droid X2's sluggish performance and panic-mode reboots, I was willing to pay FULL price for a new phone.  Verizon made me an offer I couldn't refuse on the Razr Maxx, but that's another story.  Here are the things I wanted to comment on:BATTERY LIFE:  As has been discussed ad nauseum, the battery life is insane.  I am a HEAVY user--navigation, phone calls, texting, and constant facebooking--so battery life is important to me.  So important, in fact, I regularly buy an extra large battery for each phone I purchase.  When I read the Razr Maxx's battery could not be accessed, I worried a bit.  It made me feel better that it was 3300mAh, much larger than the 2800mAh I had on the Droid X2 which already suited me just fine.  Let me just add my accolades to the long list of happy customers regarding battery life.  After all my usage in the day, I still had 50% juice remaining at 2am.DESIGN:  I was a little disappointed with the functional design of the case.  The power button is on the same side as the volume button, which makes for a frustrating experience when you accidentally trigger your Control menu popup instead of turn the volume up/down.  Curiously, the charging port is on the top.  It makes the phone "top heavy" when you're trying to text or place it in your car dock.  The edges are rather smooth (plastic/aluminum), so you're VERY likely to drop it if not using a cover.  They did place a small rubber strip in the center of the edge, but it's not enough to provide a firm grip, especially considering the thinness of the Razr.  This was the only reason for my 4 rating.  I now have an OtterBox case, so I breathe more easily when using the phone.  The power button is flimsy and cheap.  Unless you're dead center, you'll struggle with pressing it.  The volume rocker is less flimsy, but I attribute that to the fact it's meant to be rocked side to side.PROCESSING:  Wow...the dual core processor makes the interface FLY, at least compared to my sluggish Droid X2!  Opening and switching apps is a breeze, and it makes using this phone a real pleasure.SMART ACTIONS:  What a great addition to the interface.  In a nutshell, Smart Actions makes your phone, well....smart.  You can tell it to do things like turn the volume down while you're sleeping, or turn on your bluetooth when you leave the home (GPS based).  I would be more excited about this if I didn't already own Tasker and have been doing this sort of thing for over a year.  My only complaint about Smart Actions is that it doesn't *seem* to allow for negation of triggers.  For example "If NOT plugged in, do x, y, and z".  If this is offered, I haven't found it yet.  I'm sure there are work arounds using multiple actions, but Tasker allows for negation so that's sort of my basis for comparison.ACCELEROMETER:  Strange thing I've noticed lately is that the accelerometer doesn't always rotate the screen properly.  It doesn't happen often, and it's not a big deal, but it's something I'll keep my eye on.Overall, I LOVE this phone!  I will update my review if I find something later that needs to be addressed, but so far it's been great!

I returned two samsung Galaxy nexus to finally settle down on Droid Razr Maxx.I believe everybody has different expectations from cell phones.What i liked in Droid Razr Maxx:1) Excellent batter life. It can last my overall 2.5 hours of commute, surfing during office hours and even after heavy use can go for around 7-8 hours...atleast 3-4 hours continuously i can talk using this. I want a basic phone first and not just a good looking one(Samsung Galaxy Nexus).2) Very good voice quality compared to Galaxy Nexus.3) Very good speaker compared to Galaxy Nexus.4) Consistent and strong signal compared to Galaxy Nexus.5) Max Storage will be 16GB(internal) + 32 GB(external SD Card) compared to 32 GB of Samsung Galaxy NexusWhat i like in Samsung Galaxy Nexus compared to Motorola Droid Razr Maxx:1) You will fall in love with 720p Vs 540(Razr) resolution and slightly bigger screen(4.65 Vs 4.3)2) Android Ice Cream Sandwitch is far ahead of GingerBread-very easy and intuitive...but don't worry Razr Maxx owners-we will get it within next 6 months...3) Applications like Gmail is far better on Samsung Galaxy Nexus(i think may be because of ICS). Moreover i didn't like the unwanted Motorola apps that comes by default with the phone.I don't feel Galaxy Nexus appears cheap...but some of the basics - Samsung, Google and Verizon should have sorted out before launching...you can't sell a cell phone and expect customers to keep their chargers in pocket and search for charging station....and also loose signal as well as calls(yes-it's hard to hear it's ring and speaker sound is too low).But i am disappointed with Motorola-why there is a delay in ICS upgrade? Why the PPI is so low compared to Apple iPhone 4S and Samsung Galaxy Nexus? Why so much Motorola Crap applications?In the end - i was Black Berry user for around 5 yeas(my old company phone) and then switched to Smartphones. No doubt - Apple iPhone is the best hardware and ICS is the best mobile O/S. Apple iPhone 5 should be having 4" screen with 1080p resolution, 4G network ready, battery like Droid Razr Maxx and a lot of features that for the remaining 2013 - all other phone makers will try to follow the standard(Apple iPhone 5).Revising the review:I think as of now Motorola Droid Razr Maxx is the best Smart phone available for Verizon Customers who would like to enjoy the fast speed of 4G/LTE network. It's battery is the biggest selling point-with a heavy use - almost 2.5 to 3 hr of commute it can last for at least 7-9 hours with one single charge. I am just hoping to get Android ICS update asap. ICS is far better than Gingerbread.Used it for 3 weeks now...no issues in terms of battery...last at least 8 hours with moderate to heavy use-quite satisfied...one of the reasons to return back Galaxy Nexus was due to battery drainage.I purchased chargers(Wall and Car) of Motorola Droid Razr and they are working with Motorola Droid Razr Maxx.

First of all, I bought this phone for the battery life. So far in the 2 weeks or so I've had it the battery has honestly been a joke. 2 days I got about 10 hrs, The rest I got around 5 or 6. That's with moderate use. That's On Par with my stratosphere that this replaced. This is a phone that promises 8 hrs of constant use ie video streaming. With that in mind to get 10 hrs on a charge is a disappointment to say the least. Not to mention it has shut itself off 3 times & lags now & then. Again this is a disappointment for a phone with a dual core 1.2ghz processor. I'll confess I am another of those whose had multiple smartphones & not been happy, but for the price Veri$on charges I reserve the right to be a little picky. If that's not enough, the ringer keeps resetting to about 50%.  fortunately I have Tasker & smart actions (which doesn't do anything Tasker doesn't) setup to detect the volume level & reset it. I'm now understanding why Verizon made this end-of-life so soon. Do yourself a favor. Don't get this phone.

I love this phone. I love the battery life, I love how fast it is, I love how big the screen is. (Before this I had a 1st generation Droid; I was contemplating switching to an iPhone but luckily got the Razr Maxx a week after it came out.)What prompted me to write this review is that yesterday I accidentally left my phone on the roof of my car and started driving. It fell off when I was going about 30 mph, on a very busy road. About an hour later I realized what I'd done, circled back, and found the phone on the side of the road. IT STILL WORKS PERFECTLY. The screen is flawless. There are some scratches on the back and the camera lens is cracked -- but the cracks don't show up in pictures, the camera works, everything works. And I didn't even have a case for it.Thank you, Motorola. I will never stop singing the praises of this phone. (Verizon is another story, but the phone itself was worth the substantial amount of money I paid for it.)

Just finished the official OS update of ICS(Ice Cream Sandwich)for those not in the know.The install went smoothly and so far I like it. There are plenty of in-depth reviews for those really interested.I like my reviews short and sweet. So to the point, this phone is awesome. I upgraded from a Samsung Galaxy Fascinate and the setup couldn't have been easier. I charged the phone (70% delivered) and signed in to my google account and I'm basically done. Ok time for the key points.1. Battery life is fantastic. Beats all other phones out there for now. Over 35-40+ hours between charges with 20% left.2. Signal strength excellent. I'm able to text and make calls in areas of my house and office that I couldn't do before.3. Still thin and looks good inOEM Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX Shell Combo.4. Smart Action really works to save battery power.5. Screen doesn't disappoint but camera is nothing to write home about.6. Actually the phone doesn't feel much bigger than my Galaxy.7. 4G is faster than my home DSL. LOLWell that's my short review. You will not be disappointed purchasing a Razr Maxx.

I was so excided to get my Motorola Rarz Maxx and thought the world finally had a new begining in the chapter of cell phones.  This phone had everything and did everything I wanted it to.  However, this was very short lived.  After four days it died oh so helplessly, completely died.After I received my second phone have little fear of this ever happening again, well, it did!Verizon was a little less then cooperative to work with me the second time and I was less impressed with Motorola.  I went with Samsung galaxy and Verizone made this switch very painfull.Now completed, I would spread wild seeds of caution if you purchace a Motorola Razr Maxx, and I'm hearing some negative warnings about Razr's battery shutdowns."Fair warning for you if you decide to invest in a Motorola device".

NOTE: I am upgrading from a Droid Incredible........Okay, so there are many many things that are great about this phone. If you want to read about them, go to the description. Yes it's fast, yes the screen is nice, yes it looks nice, yes it has an SD card slot, and YES it's battery is revolutionary. BUT, here are my gripes about the phone thus far:- The power and volume buttons are way to close together and fit to flat against the phone. I sometimes hit the volume when I try to turn it on, and the volume down when I try to turn it up. I put a rubber case on (NO, not a ginormous otter box)and it made it even harder to feel the buttons.- Motoblur kinda sucks. I was hoping for a lot more. There are some nice things about it, especially the re-sizable widgets, but lacks some luster. Keep in mind though, I had HTC sense for 2 years so it might just be me conditioned to that.- The screen lags a bit. I can't believe this would be a problem with a 1.2 dual core processor, BUT it does. I think it has to do with the Motoblur. It really bugs me because my Incredible never lagged. And, no I don't have tons of apps running. I am hoping the ICS update will take care of this issue.- My biggest and most abundant complaint is the wifi signal. For whatever reason, the signal strength I get on this phone is about half of what I got on my Incredible. It's a big turnoff for myself.- Lastly, the phone somehow feels cheap, yet expensive. I know this is an oxymoron, and it's weird, but it does. When the phone vibrates it just feels cheap. When the haptic goes off, same thing. It might be a loose vibration sensor or something, because when I tap the device I can hear it inside tinging around.In closing, I want to say the Razr Maxx is a nice phone all around, and most people will be VERY pleased with it. I just thought I'd give a few gripes after having some hands on time with it.

I was wanting to get an android device for a while and was looking at the HTC ThunderBolt, but realized I didn't need everything those devices offered. I heard about this device a few days ago and wanted one after I dropped my Blackberry Storm from a truck, therefore disabling the Berry's ringer.This phone has a large screen that looks great. Its a very fast phone with a decent battery life. Its very thin and light which is nice too. The camera is nice. Call quality is decent and the speakerphone is pretty good. Versizon network is fast. This phone is definitely an amazing piece of technology, although I'm not a super-user, performance is great with quick response.If you like cellphone with Android OS, this model is a smart choice. There is a dedicated sales page to promote TOP 10 cellphone sold on wireless.amazon.com, maybe you can find the more suitable model for you, the page is [...]

This is the best phone i have ever owned period, it was an upgrade from the first generation Droid (which i was generally  happy with).Pros:- The 4.3 inch Super AMOLED Screen is gorgeous, colors are brilliant and the blacks are deep & rich.- Voice quality is outstanding, no matter what else it does, this is still a phone and the primary feature for me.- SPEED, this may be true for all Verizon 4G LTE phones. Downloads are blazing fast. You can easily enjoy movies, sports, or videos without interruption.- THE BATTERY is simply ridiculous. I have always had an issue with batteries and often carried a spare. While it is true the battery is not removable, i need to repeat myself... it is simply ridiculous. Today i ran video, audio and calls on & off all day and still have juice to spare (granted its new).- It is not an Apple, i like choice in my life and am growing concerned about Apple's market dominance. I enjoy and am delighted to support options.- Build - this is a solid phone with Gorilla Glass front and Kevlar backing,  (note i am 6' so i have to laugh when people say this is to big a phone, like gloves, I guess it depends on your hand size).- 32 GB - 16 GB internal & 16 GB on a Micro SD minus the normal OS requirements- Duel Core chips.- Idiot guides for those who have a disdain for instructions. They walk you through smart actions which extend battery life and reduce the need to manage daily functions.- Smart camera / audio slide with out necessitating needless menus and turning on off the phone.- Audio nice sound / player & the 4 G LTE allows for excellent streaming via Pandora, Spotify, Google music, Amazon or anything but i-tunes.- No slide out keyboard, a feature i did not like about the original Droid.Cons:- There is a learning curve esp comming from my original Droid.- Price is this  model worth 50-100 more (than the Droid RAZR) for what is essentially just a bigger battery? YES, YES it is.- Odd curved corners not as elegant as some of the new phones e.g., the samsung G3.- 1.2 Mhz processor wish it was 1.5 (although i don't really know what the difference would be but more, more, more = future proof on these things).- Camera is only adaquite esp in low light it could be better.At the end of the day nothing is perfect and each new season will surely see newer /better phones but i am very happy with this model.

This phone is a "PIECE" to put it plainly. I was pretty excited at first because It looks really great (Colorful screen, nice slender body structure)! But this thing is slowwwwwwwwwwww and extremely glitchy. I Don't drop my phone, download ANY music, and not that many pictures or APPS. It seems as if the 4G (Or great WiFi) struggles to even load a web page. Completely ridiculous. Im not a fan of iPhones AT ALL. But i'd pick an i5 or S4 over this phone any day. Save your money, go with the Note2, Galazy S1 or 3.

Purchased this phone. When it was only a few months old the screen shattered. Amazon refuses to replace/fix the phone and basically refuses to acknowledge the problem. Thus, I can't recommend this phone or Amazon Wireless because of their lack of customer service. Due to the fact that the phone is practically brand new and many people complain of screen problems, you would think they would do something to make it right. Extremely disappointed.

I upgraded to the Razr Maxx from an HTC Thunderbolt last week, and the difference between the two phones couldn't be more stark.I originally bought the HTC Thunderbolt in May 2011, very shortly after it was released.  It was Verizon's first 4G LTE handset, and I honestly think they were in a hurry to get it to market.  In any case, from the very outset, I had problems with the phone; namely the battery life and random (and frequent reboots).  From the beginning, I was never able to go more than 6 hours without having the battery drain into the yellow.  I even purchased a 1620mA battery to replace the 1400mA stock battery, with hopes that I might be able to eke a few more hours out of it before I had to recharge.  Nothing doing.In short, I had to plan my day around keeping my phone charged.But then I came due for an upgrade, and having read about the Razr Maxx and its unprecedented battery life (it has a 3300mA battery - twice the capacity of my HTC's), I figured this might be the definitive solution to my single biggest complaint about my Thunderbolt.  So I pulled the trigger last week, and after $199 and a new two-year contract, the Razr Maxx was mine (along with a Motorola Elite Sliver Bluetooth headset).After a week with the phone, I can say that I am overwhelmingly satisfied with it.First and foremost, battery life: where I was getting maybe 6 hours out of my Thunderbolt - even with minimal use - before it needed to be charged, I'm getting through an entire day with the Maxx, and with heavier use (hey, it's a new toy, gotta play!).  This week, I've unplugged at 6am each day, kept it off the charger all day, and when I've plugged back in at midnight or so (18 hours off charge!), my indicator has still shown no lower than 60%.  Earlier this week, just to experiment, I took it off the charger at 6am, kept it off the charger all day and all night, then plugged back in the following night when the indicator finally ground down to 10% - all in all, almost 40 hours on a single charge.  For Motorola to be able to pack this much battery life into such a slim phone should be a wakeup call to other smartphone manufacturers: there is no excuse for marketing a phone whose battery can't get you through an entire day of moderate use.  In terms of battery life, the Razr Maxx is the standard by which all other smartphones will be measured.  Right now, no other smartphone comes close, and test after test bears this out.  Just read the reviews online and you'll see what I mean.Other thoughts . . .Many early adopters of the Razr (non-Maxx version) are somewhat miffed at Motorola and Verizon.  The standard Razr sports a 1780mA battery, just over half the size of the Maxx's.  Battery life on the standard Razr is apparently decent, but nowhere near what we're getting with the Maxx.  The kicker is, the Maxx was released only a few months after the Razr was introduced, and I can't help but wonder how many Razr owners would've opted for it instead, had they had that option.The phone takes a few hours to reach full charge if you've run the battery really low.  That's probably just a fact of life when you've got a battery this large,  In any case, it's a small price to pay, given the extraordinary battery life.The display on the Maxx is beautiful.  It's a 540x960 superAMOLED, and while some of the videophile technogeeks out there are underwhelmed, I think it's great, and you likely will too.The phone was launched with the Android 2.3.6 (Gingerbread) OS, and mine was shipped with that same OS.  But v4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) is now available, and I updated to that as soon as I got the phone home from the store.  If your phone does ship with Gingerbread, run the update before you add any apps, make sure you have a full battery when you do (you don't want to run out of juice in the middle of an update), and do a factory data reset (FDR) as soon as the update is complete.  The whole process will take maybe an hour if you're in a strong 4G market.  I didn't have Gingerbread long enough to be able to compare it with Ice Cream Sandwich, but the consesus seems to be that the newer OS is much better.The stock keyboard is much nicer than my HTC's, and the predictive text works a lot better.The 8MP camera is nice, but not as nice on my HTC's.  The colors are a little muted to me, but that's entirely subjective.  If you really felt raw about it, you could increase color saturation in individual pics on your computer.Ergonomically, the phone is great.  It's extrememly thin, though it's a tad thicker than the standard Razr, given the much larger battery.  And I love the Kevlar backplate, even though it's nothing more than a marketing gimmick.  It sure won't stop a bullet.There are reports that the screen is somewhat delicate, and will crack more easily than on other phones.  I bought a silicone cover for mine, and I recommend you do the same.  The phone comes with Corning Gorilla Glass, which is apprently scratch-resistant.  I don't bother with screen protectors, though many people swear by them.Turn-by-turn navigation worked flawlessly the couple times I tried it.Keep your phone set to WiFi whenever you can.  It eats up less battery than 3G/4G, and if you're on a tiered data plan, it saves data charges as well.Overall, this is far and away the nicest phone I've ever owned or even handled.  It's functioned absolutely perfectly in the week that I've had it, without a single glitch so far.  Most important, for the first time since I've owned smartphones, I don't have to worry about being away from a charger all day.

I purchased this phone through amazon wireless as an upgrade after I dropped my iPhone and the screen shattered.  I had never used a droid before, but for the amazing price I decided.to try it out.  This did take more time to learn to use and I am still.learning new things about it everyday.  After the learning curve, I have found this phone to be very similar to many other higher end smart phones. It does more than my iPhone (like facial recognition) and has most of the features the Samsung Galaxy III does. I am very happy with this.phone! It has amazing battery life, better than my iphone! I'm also very happy with the fact that I purchased it from amazon wireless, they are so wonderful to work with and I will continue to.purchase.phones.from them in the future!  The bottom line is: if you are in the market for a new smart phone, you. Can't go wrong with this.one, and purchasing.it from amazon wireless is a great idea.  If you are thinking about switching from an iPhone, do it and you won't be disappointed!

This phone is ok as a phone.  The texting is awful!  My husband and I will routinely get 1-2 texts of 10 or so a day.  Discussed with our carrier who suggested downloading a different texting app.  Handscent has helped about 75%.The smartphone portion of the phone is ridiculously slow.  Wlth all updates, my husband will type something into google search.  Each letter is delayed by about 10 seconds.S if you use your phone for anything besides speaking, do not waste your money!

Let me start by saying I've had several different smartphones over the years.  It all started with the Blackberry ...and I remained a loyal Blackberry user..until my Blackberry started rebooting all by itself at random times.  Frustrating! So I decided to give Droid a try and got the LG Ally from Verizon Wireless.  It was an ok phone for me coming from the Blackberry, I was hesitant to go completely touchscreen & the Ally had the QWERTY slide out keyboard along w/the touchscreen.  I decided I loved the Droid system after a while but the Ally was becoming slow & unresponsive, so I bought a Samsung Droid Charge from someone on Ebay. I loved that phone! But the battery life was horrendous!! Thankfully when I bought it, it came w/the docking station & an extra battery..but still frustrating! But I kept it until my upgrade this past Friday, April 6, 2012.  All of my friends were getting iPhones & raving about them.  I said, why not? I'll try it.  So I went to the Verizon Wireless store & when I told the rep I wanted to switch from the Charge to the iPhone HE even said I was stepping down.  I didn't believe him & tried the iPhone.  Needless to say, I was back at the Verizon store first thing on the morning of April 9 to return the iPhone.  I just wasn't getting a signal like I could on my Droid w/the 4GLTE & it was horrible! I was thinking of just getting my $$ back & going back to the Charge, and then the rep told me about the Razr MAXX.  I tried it in store & was sold!! Only been using it for 2 days but I have NO complaints! The battery life is amazing... I can easily go a full day with heavy usage ie... texting, making phone calls, YouTube, Twitter, etc..and not have to worry about charging it.I also love the Gorilla Glass! My Charge had it as well, and I dropped that phone more times than I can tell you..no damage at all..not even a scratch!All in all..I'm happy with this phone.  I'm back on 4G right where I need to be!!

First problem appeared within first month of using this the phone. I wasn't able to return it to the seller, because more then one month passed since I've bought it. Had to send the device to motorola. Although motorola states on the website that the device will be shipped within 5 business days they actually have sent it to me within 9 business days, and I actually had to call them.When I received the device though, it still wasn't working. Had to send it back to motorola again. This time they fixed it, and it was finally working.The phone was scratched, I could see where they used tools to disassemble the phone. I noticed that the device is making squeak noises when you press on it a little, it wasn't fixed/glued tight. I wen't to verizon to see if other devices of the same model have the same thing, but looks like this is what happening to the phone after motorola service.Now I've been using the phone for 3 months, and it started to misread the sim card. I've noticed that it happens 3-4 times a week, it shows no network coverage, and no sim card exclamation sign. I have to re-boot it in order to make a call.As much as I like the battery life of RAZR, in general I have a really bad feelings about my phone.I really regret I didn't get Samsung back then.

Meh.  This phone is not worth it  The size is good for someone with big hands, but the touchscreen is not very sensitive.  Plus, it is kinda slow.  My girlfriend's 3g iphone seems faster.Also, a few months after I bought the phone, the simcard door started popping open.  I didn't drop it or anything.  Now I have it jury-rigged with scotch tape.  Don't waste your time on this phone.

My droid razr maxx is a extremely clear hd phone! It looks and feels great! But if u download a app the whole thing glitches! The touch screen..... ive had better BUT it never cracks no matter how much u drop it and its a hard to scratch it. It glitches a lot and sometimes doesnt work. If u cant afford the iphone 4s or 5 then get this phone.

I've had my razr maxx for a month and a half and the screen is cracked.  This gorilla glass is NOT what they tout it to be.  The phone has never been dropped and spends most of its time on a table hooked to a charger while I use blue tooth to connect to it.  I picked it up to take a picture and noticed a crack straight down the screen.  I called Verizon and they were no help at all.  Seems, if there is any physical damage to the phone at all, the warranty is void.  It didn't matter that I didn't cause the damage, it was damaged.Motorola is no help at all, they have the exact same philosophy; it's all my fault regardless of the facts.I have the insurance, so it will ONLY cost me a hundred bucks to get it replaced, if and when the insurance company actually gets stock of the devices.  Seems there are a LOT of failures for this device.  For a cell phone that they advertise as being so tough, all it takes is a smile from across the room to crack the gorilla glass screen.While I was at the Verizon store talking to a clerk about this problem, he skylighted the glass screen and it cracked again in a different place.  When you have one crack the integrity of the glass is totally shot, so you WILL get more of them as you use the phone.  A quick search of the web turned up scores of other people that had the same problem.It's a shame too.  This device is fast, the battery lasts a couple of days, really pleasing display and works well in fringe areas.  Could be a killer phone.If the screen didn't break so darn easily.

I have had many phones over the years!  My first touch screen was the Blackberry storm and it was a pretty decent smartphone for way back then.  I had an LG Optimus T a couple of years ago and it was my first android phone.  I was amazed back then with what that little phone could do and what android did for phones.  I had wanted an iPhone, but couldn't shell out the money to get one.  Now, fast-forward a couple years later.  I received my Maxx back before Christmas, I had the option to get an iphone, but I chose this instead.  I am glad I did.  I have an iPad and iPod touch and so I've become a little disenchanted with the iOS.  I want to always be able to customize every part of my phone and with the iphone it just seems a little too from the box.  It's just become really boring, in my opinion.  Android is constantly updating their software and with each update seems to come new and slight changes in interface.  Also, I like that unlike Apple, Google allows Android to make and sell apps so you have two seperate markets you can get your apps from.  OK enough Android vs. Apple!  This device makes me fall in love more and more each day.  I don't know if I will ever want another device, apart from the Maxx HD.BATTERY LIFE:  This is probably one of the things that caught my eye when I was shopping around for a phone.  I mean who has ever heard of a smartphone that has a talk time of 21 hours??  If you actually like to use your phone for a little of everything if you have any other smartphone, you might as well pack your charger and be prepared to charge after a few hours!  I am a gamer.  I love to play games, listen to music, browse the net to prove to people I am right and they are wrong.  I use my phone for everything, so it's so nice to know that I can do all of these things and not have to worry about it dying at an inconvenient time.  I usually put it on to charge every night, but there are times I forget and still have about 20-30% charge and with this phone that means probably about 7 hours talk time.  So, you can't get better then with this phone.SCREEN: I consider myself pretty knowledgeable with tech stuff, however still not real sure what AMOLED screen actually means.  Maybe it's the smoothness of the screen, or how it seems to be scratch-proof, or drop-proof.  Whatever it is, I love it.  The screen is extremely smooth and I don't like screen protectors (they seem to collect dust) and I am not the most careful person in the world but it honestly seems to not get scratches and I have dropped it several times (hard and face down) and it never cracked.  It did however crack when I lost my phone and didn't know in time, it was ran over and it sadly was cracked.DURABILITY:  AWESOME!!  I mean even with a huge truck driving over my precious phone and being cracked, this sucker keeps on ticking!  I was getting calls from my boyfriend and he couldn't hear me, so I thought perhaps it damaged the mic, under further inspection it was the newly place screen protector over the mic prohibiting sound. LOL Before it was run over I dropped this phone SEVERAL times and there were maybe one or two little nics on the side.RELIABILITY:  I live in pretty much an area that is white on ALL coverage maps, however I can miraculously get a signal on my Droid if I set it in the window.  I thought it was Verizon's excellent coverage, but my son has a Samsung Stratosphere and it doesn't pick up at all.  That alone deserves five stars!  I haven't had any issues with my phone freezing up or not working correctly.MOTOCAST:  It comes with Motocast, Motorola's syncing station.  For some reason I was having problems with my computer not wanting to find my device, thank Heaven's for Motocast!  I was able to download the music from my PC straight to my phone.  It also allows you to upload your pics to your PC.  Truly a great feature!SIZE:  I love how big the screen is!  It's crazy how a few years ago, the smaller the device the nicer.  Now, it's back to being big!  The size of this phone is perfect, in my opinion.  It provides a nice, clear, crisp picture for viewing movies or pics.  Despite it's big size, I can still slide it in my pocket (which is how it ended up run over, so be careful that your pockets are good and snug and not side slits).CHARGER:  The charger is cool because it has two USB ports, so you could actually charge two things at once.  I, however, would recommend that you buy Amazon's charger for Kindle FireAmazon Kindle PowerFast for Accelerated Charging (not included with device, for use with the new Kindle Fire or Kindle Fire HD models)I can fully charge my phone in like two hours.VERIZON:  I think that Verizon probably really does have the largest and fastest 4G coverage (everyone seems to say they do!), I don't quite like their pricing plans.  I really think that we are being ripped off with these data prices!  I mean it makes you wonder how Boost and other prepaid providers can offer unlimited everything and charge $45-$55 a month and still be able to make a profit!  GREED, enough said.  Although, I don't quite like my bill I am happy with the service.I could really go on and on about my love for this device, but I will stop!  This simply is an excellent product!  I'm sure that the Maxx HD is a little better, since it's the MAXX updated.

Phenomenal battery life.  Very thin considering it's battery sets the standard for all others.  Build quality is excellent with Gorilla glass, aluminum, and kevlar.  Feels much more solid than any other phone including the iPhone which is small and weighs more than it seems it should. Call quality is very good and I've found the GPS locates quickly.  Processor speed is snappy and playing video, browsing, games and general usage are good.  I have no problem with the screen,  it's not the most pixel dense, but the colors are perfect and it's very sharp.  There comes a point when a screen below about 5" is sharp enough to not notice pixels and I would assume a super high resolution screen would affect battery life also.  I generally leave GPS and Bluetooth on when out of work and even after moderate to heavy use this phone leaves me with 30 to 40% battery left at the end of the day.  I absolutely cant stress enough the relief of not having to worry about charging this phone until an honest 2 days of use.  I've gone 3 days of light to moderate use before charging.  No other phones even interest me without this kind of power.  I'm glad Motorola USA is making the best phone available.  With Google's purchase of Motorola things should even get better.  ICS please.

I love this phone, the battery life is even better than its supposed to. My only problem is that whenever i am playing a game, the screen gets really hot. it also happens when i use mobile hotspot. so far the heated screen hasn't caused any problems other than being kind of annoying. the battery life is amazing, i tested it out, and got almost 40 hours on it. I can't believe how thin and light this phone is for having such a large battery. i recommend using the Smart Actions app, it really helps you not go over the data limit.

I am very impressed with this phone.  I love the large screen....that puts the dimunitive tiny Iphone's screen to shame. I love the BATTERY life. WOW !  This thing is like solar powered....It's 4:37 pm and after waking up to a full charge this morning at 7am, I still have 70% battery remaining. I am extremely happy with this. Just waiting for my case to protect my phone and I AM SET. It was this or the Samsung Galaxy Nexus S.  I chose this because battery to me is waaay more important than the OS.  Eventually this will get the ice cream sandwich. But performs perfectly without it. I think the ice cream sanwhich thing is over rated. I really do. Great Job Motorola and Verizon !!

I went to Verizon due to the better coverage in my area. I needed a phone a new phone and I looked at most of what they had to offer.I was not too concerned about the price or I wouldn't have gone to Verizon in the first place.I said to myself that the Droid Razr would do but after two days I was so mad that I kept running out of juice so I went back after a week and said that something was wrong with this darn thing, the rep smiled and said that he had just gotten the Maxx. I said "do I care" and he smiled again and said you should care.OK enough said I was PO'ed already because I had to install all my carefully selected APPS again, however this time I remembered to save all my contacts in gmail.So here I was another fifty bucks in the hole but who cares. I went to an outstanding seminar the following Saturday, was on the phone all day, showed a bunch of people some of the educational Video's I had installed and send a bunch of text, actually a whole lot more that I had ever done before due to my learning curve where I now just slide my finger around in stead of typing... that is so cool, hey go easy on me I am still learning.Bottom line I turned on my phone at 7AM and at 9PM the same evening I STILL HAD 50% left of juice, am I excited... I don't know but I think I am.I stopped in the following day to let them know at Verizon how excited I was over my new phone and they got all excited as well, as a matter of fact the Manager immediately told me that I needed the OTTER BOX for my phone as well, he went to get it out of the box and installed it on the phone. He asked me "how do you like that" and I said sure that looks and feel great.... shut then he showed up with the bill, another 50 bucks.Well I guess it costs money to get the best phone on the market and it costs even more when you visit Verizon BUT to tell you the truth it is all worth it.I was once told that it was not that things was expensive it was more so that I couldn't afford it. I HATE THAT... What is Credit Cards for.If you ever wanted a good day? go visit Verizon and get your own Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX without ever have to think that you made the wrong decision.Just go do it and enjoy your life.They call it the RAZR because it is so darn fast.I LOVE IT.

I've had this phone for over 2 months and it requires constant customization in order to maximize the battery life.  Yes the battery life does appear to be almost as good as the iphone; however, it will need to be charged for hours if near empty.  The iphone is much better in this space. The photo quality is horrible. Probably like a iphone 3.It is f'n huge! I have a normal sized hand and it becomes difficult to navigate.  For the size of the phone you would guess it would be easier to type...WRONG...after switching from an iphone...I couldnt get use to this typing system for over 2 months. Just a ton of typos and a lot of accidental spaces...  This is pretty annoying.My phone also froze from 2 months of normal usage. It freezes and needed to be restarted twice a day if you are using the apps. The last time it froze...it never restarted.Bottom line for me is that I would suggest not switching to this phone after an iphone. I would highly recommend the iphone over this.

I am a loyal Google customer who just recently purchased a Motorola Droid Razor Maxx from Motorola Mobility via Verizon.Here is my situation -I am deaf in one ear and the only good ear I have is constantly being subjected to a loud and deafening end of call beep that is truly ruining my user experience.I just recently purchased a Motorola Droid Razr Maxx about one week ago. I love the phone and do not want to return it; however, there is a serious flaw that I have not been able to find any solution for. Whenever I end a call using the phone's 'End Call' button, the phone emits a seriously loud beep that hurts my one good ear. This occurs regardless of whether I use the phone directly or with Bluetooth. I have tried to contact Motorola support to find a solution. Their 1st solution was to upgrade the phone's system software; however, this did not work. My 2nd attempt at a solution was to contact a support agent via live chat. That agent was unable to help and referred me to the level 2 tech support. My 3rd attempt at a solution was also unsuccessful in that the support agent could not find any solution as well. The 1st support technician said that this is an issue that is affecting numerous Razr Maxx customers and he provided a URL detailing the issue at [...] . There is also another report of the issue at [...]According to a Motorola forum manager, "This is something we've got on our radar. Not sure what the plans are to address it, but we know some find it jarring." This is the understatement of the century.I am really impressed with the Razr Maxx phone and do not want to return it, but if I am unable to get anyone at Motorola to help me then I may have no choice.

I don't think any phone is perfect, but this one is darn good.I've had it now for about 3 months and I'd be hard pressed to give you a real complaint about it.  First, that battery life... fantastic.  It *was* better before Ice Cream Sandwich (4.0) was installed, but supposedly a fix for this will be coming out sometime in August.  Even with that minor glitch, the battery lasts a long time, and I've never gotten it below 15% in a whole day without deliberate effort (lots of voice calls, Angry Birds, GPS and Bluetooth.)21 hours of talk time?  Get real!  But I do talk on it often enough and without worrying about it running out of power.  Charge overnight and then take it with you in the morning.. still going strong at night.Angry Birds and the wireless hotspot are the only things that really seems to put a strain on the power.  I've even played hours of music at a time.I do use JuiceDefender, which is fine, but I was getting great battery life even without it.Camera takes solid pictures, though nothing replaces a true dedicated digital camera.  But it'll do what's needed.Touch screen is responsive 99.9% of the time, with the occasional hiccup.  Everything runs fast and quickly with no lag.Now Ice Cream Sandwich, the update DEFINITELY improves voice dictation and settings are laid out nicer.  But with Motorola's skin on Gingerbread anyway you can't tell.Yup, there's bloatware on this thing, but it doesn't appear to get in the way.  Plenty of space for Apps, Photos, Video and Music with plenty left over.I find the up/down volume keys a pain to use, and the SIM door occasionally pops open.  Yeah, those are the major complaints, and honestly... they aren't really big complaints.I've dropped the phone exactly once and with ZERO consequence.

I am enjoying this phone except for two problems.  The first is when you take a video with the front facing camera, and then you play it, it plays upside down.  My second complaint is, I am unable to Skype with it.  I have it configured just like my computer and I can only get voice - no video, sometimes neither.  If anyone has a solution to these two problems - please post either here or on Verizon.  PS:  Other than these problems, I am really enjoying the phone.  As others have said - battery life is great - colors are good.  Only time will tell how it holds up.

A bit of context.I use a smartphone for work primarily.I drive around my county for work.Need a good keyboard for notes/email.I have a 2 1/2 year old boy that (thankfully) used to have a habit of putting phone in fresh cups of coffee.So, I almost knocked the stars to 4 because I had to finish activation at home (said 2 1/2 year old was having meltdown at store) and the dang touchscreen froze before I could even get started. No battery removal. Thankful for internet. Hold volume down and power button for 10-15 sec to restart.Holy %@#$- The screen is amazing! Even the little droidy thing blew my mind. Love the adding of my most favorite people on homescreen...I had an Droid A855 previously and was very happy with it until I lost it, then went to HTC Trophy...not a huge mistake but thankful the husband took it and gave me upgrade. Nothing too crazy but not enough apps and I wasn't so impressed that I would happily wait. Why can't I access email through Outlook 2010? Only through Exchange and 365...It's a Microsoft product for God's sake.Off subject, but very happy to be back to Android OS. From 3G to 4G is considerable...I'm patient but now I'm just spoiled. I think this phone will be amazing with a cover and screen protector. I have large hands so the keyboard and size is perfect for me.Long rant for...go ahead and buy...pretty dang cool.

I've had the phone for about 2 weeks now, its a Major upgrade from the Eris .. but I've been having trouble with watching videos on the internet. Its been pretty slow with A Lot of buffering.. cant even watch a whole video with out it stopping to buffer 3-6times and I'm on 4g.. my friends iPhone on at&t 3g didn't buffer half as much as my 4g Verizon.. so pretty disappointed with that..getting to a site is fast just don't expect to watch videos w/o it buffering Multiple times. The display is good, camera is decent, love the battery life. Did a lot of research before I bought this phone. Just wish somebody said something about the crappy buffering.. Blazingly fast .. O an there always a problem trying to watch HQ videos. FIX THE BUFFERING!!!!!!!&iexcl;!!&iexcl;! frustrating trying to wat h a video when it continuously BUFFERS

Well, I've had my new Motorola Droid Razr Maxx 32g phone for about two weeks and, and I can tell you that it's everything that its hyped up to be, and more. As a previous owner of the Motorola Droid X, I'm used to being pretty happy about their products. There were a few downfalls with old phone, however. The battery life on my old Droid X was dismal. I couldn't go anywhere for more than 4 to 5 hours without it dying on me. Also, the operating system was a little buggy. I had to turn it on and off frequently when something hung up. In worst-case scenario, I would have to remove the battery to get it to power down. That was in the old days, long ago.Flash forward to the present. I received two brand-new Motorola Droid Razr Maxxs this week, one for me and one for my wife. First off, this phone is absolutely beautiful. The pictures that they have taken that really don't do it justice, it's sleek, it's thin, and its shape is just right for my hands. In the past, I've worried about being able to hold on to a phone, afraid that I would drop it. I worried about that all the time with my old iPhone.This phone is just the right size, and because of its thickness, it's just right in your hand for single hand operation. I also bought a protector for it from DualTek that not only fits like a glove, but has reinforced corners to prevent an accidental breakage in case of an unforeseen drop.A few things quickly. Number one, the display is huge and brilliant. I had the opportunity to watch some movies via Netflix streaming with it, and it's nice and smooth. This phone also has 32g of storage space, which makes it a monster for games and mp3s. I can't believe how fast 4G is. 3 MB download takes about 5 seconds. Scary fast.The camera on this model is much faster and much more responsive than on the Droid X, as is the running of most applications. Even the phone's boot time is faster, thanks to the upgrade to Android 4.1.Now, here is the best thing about my purchase of this phone. I have been a user of Verizon for the last two years. When I wanted to upgrade my phone, they told me that I would have to pay $200 for each phone to do so.Now, I've already bought two top-of-the-line android phones, as well as a Samsung tablet through their stores, and even after all these years, they still couldn't give me credit to purchase both phones outright. And that sucks. I've probably spent $9000-$10,000 with Verizon over the past two years between cell phones and service, and I've never been in trouble with the account.When they told me that I would have to pay over $500 for the two phones that I wanted to purchased, with over $130 of that going to tax alone, I decided to look at other options. Over $130 in taxes will make you do that.Which brought me here to Amazon. Instead of paying $500 for both phones, I only paid $70 for each instead of the $200 each Verizon wanted, for a total of $240 (tax was still about $50 for each phone). And nothing changed about my plan or my service. I simply did it through Amazon Wireless instead of Verizon. Amazon will take roughly $250 off each phone if you buy through them. $240 instead of $550 is a deal I take any day of the week.All you have to do is keep your account in good standing with Verizon for at least six months. If you know that you are not going to have any problems with your account, this can save you time and money. Verizon wouldn't even think of giving me a break like that, and I got my phones in less than two days from Amazon.Now, when my phones got here, my wife went crazy, and started playing with it out of the box, jacking up the activation procedure. I had to call Amazon for help. The guy that I talked to helped me out quickly and perfectly, and he got the phones working in a matter of minutes with no hassle. Great customer service from Amazon. Kudos.So, to sum up, this is a great phone, and Amazon Wireless is great place to buy it from. I highly recommend it. You won't be sorry.

I've never been truly happy with a smart phone until now.I always find something wrong with every phone I've ever bought, like it's clear there's no phone that "has it all" because otherwise there would be no reason to upgrade, but THIS THING???  Ho lee cow!First off, obviously the battery life is awesome, but combined with software optimization it's absurd.  I'm going on 20 hours now with 30% battery left, and I have definitely been using it (playing games, streaming music, checking email.)This is the first phone I've used that it actually feels like a miniature computer based on speed and capability.  4G is crazy.  At my parent's house, I was seeing 21mbps download speed using a speed test app.  At my house, where 4g isn't even supposed to cover, I'm still getting 2 bars in 4g and getting around 5mbps download speed.  The dual core processor definitely shines also, with web browsing feeling the smoothest I've ever seen on a phone before.  Flash based websites run smooth as silk thanks to the extra core.  Background operations can run fine while the process in front of you has what it needs as well.The screen is very sharp also, you won't find yourself having to zoom in to read small text on the browser thanks to the pixelation.  It's big and can be very bright, but I have to say the colors are a bit "warm" (if you don't know what this means, go look it up.)  Compared to my last phone, the Fascinate, the whites definitely have a slight tinge to it, but I think this is done on purpose to make the images easier on the eyes.Call quality is great, very clear, about as good as you can get, and the speaker can get very loud as well.  They even have equalizer settings for the built in speaker.  That's how capable it is.  Also, me and my girlfriend have been using Qik.  I never really messed with video chat before, but with 4g, it works seamlessly.All in all, I think this is a 4 year phone, meaning I don't see myself upgrading in 2 years.  I sort of thought this about the fascinate, but that phone was lacking in many different areas.  This phone, with the 1GB of ram, dual core processor, 4g capability, and large screen, it has everything I could possibly want.

I had two Razr Maxx phones in two weeks, both ordered from Amazon, and both returned to Amazon. Amazon's customer service is outstanding. Motorola's operating system for this phone is total junk. Here's what happened:Razr Maxx #1Operating system appeared to crash after 3 days of use. Stock operating system. Phone was not rooted. Unresponsive when switching to camera within apps (whatsapp, handcent, facebook etc), and would often completely freeze, requiring a hard reset (hold down power and vol down rocker). Phone was sometimes completely unresponsive after resetting...requiring another hard reset. Spotify app often hung and required a hard reset unless I wanted to wait 5+ minutes, assuming the phone didn't just reset on its own, and then become unresponsive, which required another hard reset. I'm sure you see the pattern. The phone finally crashed on the 3rd day of use, after opening Spotify. Hard reset rendered the phone unresponsive. Held down the power button, the LED started flashing red, and the phone made an irritating repetitive sound for a couple minutes, then stopped. Phone then booted, loaded the OS, worked for a few minutes, then reset itself. Rinse and repeat. I knew I had hit the wall at this point, so I contacted Amazon and returned the phone. A replacement was shipped within 2 days (awesome!).Razr Maxx #2I had all of the same problems as Razr Maxx #1, except the OS didn't crash on this phone. And so, I sent this pile of junk right back to Amazon, again, post-haste.I'm back to using my old phone, which is a Droid X, that has worked like a champ since day one. That's why I chose to go with Motorola again for my next data phone. MISTAKE. After this experience, I can tell you with confidence that I will never again own a Motorola phone. Ever.

I had the droid razr, then I brought the maxx and now I'm back with the razr.  I actually love the phone but there are issues that really bother me.  When you are speaking on the phone though the earpiece if you are on more than 10-20 sec you can't adjust the volume of the call. With Visual Voice mail you can't adjust the volume period if the phone is on your ear.  I would also like the report that the tethering does not work properly either.  You can't get to sites like yahoo, msn mail mostly htts sites.Is the phone pretty yes, is it fast yes, does it have excellet call quality yes Does the maxx have a good battery yes.  But thats not what all to a phone.  If you buy a tv with a remote control you expect the channel button to work, well I expect the same thing here from Motorola.I tested 3-4 phones in the store and they all have the same issue which to me means motorola is selling defective phones.  I can't understand why some people spend between $300.00 and $ 649.00 and dont care about things like this.  Truth be told the Droid X which is a discontinued model and other phones since have had the same issue and the company does not seem to care.  Don't go by my statement try it for yourselves.Now That I expressed this let me tell you why I went back to the razr.  for me (not the avg person)  my hearing is very sensitive and I found for me that on the maxx I was saying what what more than the oringnal razr.  If the phone sounds good and you can live with the issues I metioned above get the maxx because the battery is worth it.one may ask why did I not go back to my old phone such as the thunderbolt Well the Razr is cool but mostly because if I'm holding the phone wrong in my ear I will drop the call because of the senor problem.When picking out a phone I guess instead of thinking you are going to get a perfect made phone you have to pick out what flaws you have to live with. Between you and me it's a pathtic !! forgive my spelling please

I have always been a big supporter of Google and so I have been using Android.  However, I was always sorely disappointed with the hardware compared to the iPhone.  I had a HTC Eris, which was complete crap.  Then I got the Droid X, which was more functional but still lacking.  Now I have the Razr Maxx and am incredibly satisfied with this phone.Pros:The response time and overall speed of the phone is phenomenal compared to my last Droid X.  Having 4G LTE makes the world of difference, if you are buying a smartphone today make sure it has 4G.  The battery is awesome, I get over 2 days of decent usage; no wifi, streaming music over spotify, about 1hr talk time a day, texting/gchat, reading the news, etc.).  The camera (still and video) is amazing, it takes fast clear pictures every time, no need to bring a camera out with me anymore.Extra pro, it uses a SIM card.  So, you can call verizon to unlock the phone and then travel over seas with it!  No more need for global phones because Verizon finally caught onto SIM cards.Cons:It's Motorola so the updates to latest version of Android will be slow.  Not having ICS is a bit of a drag.  Additionally, the Motorola software on the phone is really bad compared to the stock android.  I had to use launcher pro and swift key.  There is no way to access the stock image gallery, you have to use Motorola's which is not nice (once some reliable ICS roms come out, I'm just gonna root it).Overall:I bought this over the Galaxy Nexus because of the battery.  I would recommend this phone to anyone looking to upgrade.

I'm a big fan of this phone - I upgraded from a Verizon Palm Pre Plus, and man is this phone better.Things I love:- Super fast internet- Google Maps navigation (I'll never be lost again!)- Hot spot/tethering capabilities (lasts for a long time and doesn't drain the battery nearly as much as my old phone's hot spot did. The internet is really fast on your computer when you use it, too)- Super slim phone - it has a large screen, but it doesn't seem big since it's so thin. And I like the large screen - easier to do stuff!- Great apps - so nice to finally be welcomed into the world of apps - my old phone had basically none. I'm loving Words with Friends and being able to take a picture of my checks and deposit it with my bank, etc.- Customizable main screens - you can move around the icons and change the background, etc.- Pretty intuitive set up, and I love the touch screen- Good camera - not as good as a real camera, but good for a phone. And I love that there are cool filters you can add, and that it's super easy to upload photos to Facebook or Twitter (on my old phone, I couldn't upload to Fbook, and Twitter usually froze when I tried to upload photos!)- Easy to hear people talking during phone calls - great quality and it's louder than my old phone, which is nice.- The ability to download documents from email or websites is REALLY useful (again, couldn't do this on my old phone)- The screen is pretty :)The only thing really that has taken some getting used to is the onscreen keyboard (my old phone had a pullout keyboard) - it takes me awhile to type and I make a lot of errors, but I know I just need to get used to it. I remember being really slow on my old phone at first, too! I also don't like that the phone comes preloaded with some random apps that I don't want, but not a big deal.Would definitely recommend this phone!---Disclosure: I am participating in the Verizon Wireless Ambassadors' Program and have been provided with a wireless device and three months of service in exchange for my honest opinions about the product. I was NOT paid to say I like the phone - just to give it a try and share my thoughts. Clearly, I love it!

The Droid Razr Maxx is the best phone I have ever had on all levels except one, and that one is enough for it to lose four stars. The screen is incredibly fragile. Incredibly. As in, it will break from a short drop, possible even onto a soft surface. Some users have even had it break under touch, as in, while being used as intended, as in, not even being dropped. Despite an internet full of screen complaints, both Motorola and Verizon will deny that they have heard of the problem and will blame you for abusing your phone. If you were smart enough to get insurance and it breaks within the first few days, as has happened to many, Asurion may try to avoid replacing your phone and accuse you of fraud. For fun, google "Droid Razr Cracked Screen" and read the hundreds of stories of phones cracking under normal use. For bonus entertainment, go to EBay and browse all the phones with cracked screens being sold for parts. Gorilla glass is great for being pushed on, but is very, very weak on its edges.So, if you're rough on your phones, are clumsy, like to keep your phone in your pocket, or otherwise expect the durability of your older Droid phone, you have two choices. One, don't buy this phone. Two, buy it, but insure it IMMEDIATELY (don't wait even a single day), and treat it like a Faberge' Egg until your protective case arrives. Even then, still treat it like that egg. Because lots of peoples' screens have broken from short falls while inside a case. Yes, it is that fragile.If you are extra-careful with your phones, and have always skated through your two years with your phone still looking like-new, you are ABSOLUTELY NOT IMMUNE from these problems. Buy the insurance. Seriously. My husband treats his phone positively reverently, and here we are, two months later, looking at expensive repair or even more expensive replacement.In a just world, these phones would be repaired or replaced by the companies that put their names on it. In THIS world, expect to shell out a lot of money to replace your best new phone ever. Because the injustice of paying $99 to replace a phone that only lasted a week is better that what many of us are facing. Insurance: get it. Yes, even you. And best of luck. Because you'll need it.If you were looking for the good, look at other reviews. Yes, it absolutely is fast, bright, amazing battery, decent camera, all that stuff they said. But it's useless when you're looking at shelling out another $250 for a new digitizer and screen.

The razr maxx is wonderful, when it decides to work.  The phone sent to me was defective and shuts itself off about 5 times a day for absolutely no reason.  Also freezes to the point of a hard shutdown 2-3 times a day.I have been in tech support for years, and did not foresee the non removable battery being as frustrating as it has been thus far.This phone is a beautiful piece of hardware, but buy the Galaxy III.  And spend the extra money to get it through your provider to avoid the headache I'm currently having.All in all, droid by htc was far more impressive.  Motorola could have done better.  Hopefully amazon will do something about the very pretty, very useless brick I just bought from them.

OK, so I ordered 2 Razr Maxx phones, one for myself and one for my kid (they were a penny each, cant beat that!). They arrived together a few days after ordering. One phone (my kid's) worked just fine. Mine, however, was totally defective. Like, completely whack. Not only did it have that infamous "no sim card" error, the touch screen was all squirrely. No matter which character you pressed a totally different character would appear. Master reset did nothing. I had to send the damn thing back...I'm still waiting for my replacement.In other news, I have taken over my kid's phone as I cannot be without my connection to the outside world, so I've had the chance to explore this phone. It's big. Too big, actually. I have large hands (i think) for a chick and I definitely cant hold this thing with one hand and effectively use it. It's impossible. There will be NO single hand texting for me, or most of you, I would think. I'm learning to balance it with just my fingertips on the back and the side closest to me pressed into my hand. It's only a matter of time before I drop it and shatter the screen.My kid put a password on his phone and sometimes the phone will not display the keypad to unlock it. It just lets you unlock as if it didnt have a password. Camera is great. Not overly thrilled w/the texting function. I have it set on swype and to auto-space after each word but it doesn't always create a space. :(Verizon is so much better than Sprint! My service is super fast. I was able to google the closest UPS store, pick the most conveniently located spot (GPS didnt take 47 years to find me!), and get directions, all while waiting for the elevator at the parking garage. It was like a commerical. Awesome.

This phone provides amazing features without worrying about the battery. Using the WiFi Hotspot feature for more than 2 hours (streaming video from Netflix to iPad on 4G LTE) on battery only drained it 30%.Because other reviews cover everything that I can think of, I do not need to continue.I can add to the reviews that the Droid Razr Maxx (and Droid Razr) will receive the Android 4.0 Upgrade(Ice Cream Sandwich) by the end of June 2012.Source: [...]

The first time i broke it, it was in my pocket when i was out hiking/climbing boulders... I laid down with the phone in my pocket and the scream was shaterd. Ok my fault, so i payed the insurance and got a replacement. But the second one was not my fault. I charged out overnight (it got hot)  i put it in my pocket with nothing else in there because  was scared of scratching it, anyways, without any trauma to the phone i get to class to discover a crack all the way across it. But now i don't have insurance.

Pros: -Quick phone that does not lag often-Has Swype that makes texting quick and easy-Large 4.3in screen enhances entertainment and gaming-Feels solid in my hand not like other smart phones that feel cheap-Large battery makes for excellent battery life compared to other smart phonesCons: -4.3in screen looks nice but is not high def-Phone is a little on the large side with a large surrounding frame-No ICS-Camera is behind the competitionI got this phone has a upgrade to my HTC droid incredible that I have had for two years. My biggest problem with that phone was battery life. The razr does not have that problem thanks to the large battery. The other differences is the large screen and larger size. The size of the phone was not as big of a problem as I thought it would be. The phone fits nicely into my packet but may be a problem if you wear tighter jeans\etc. The large screen is ideal for watching videos and playing games, even games like angry birds are vastly more entertaining on the larger screen.The UI is set up good. When you turn the phone on you will have a choice to go to the "main page" or go straight to camera. The main menu of the phone will load up quickly and smooth but if you decide to go camera from the start menu or from the main menu you will have a lag.The main setup of the phone is similar to that of many droid phones. If you have owned a droid before you will have little difficulty finding your way around.The camera is the major weak point of this phone. The camera defaults in a 6mp wide screen setting. You will notice immediately the low quality of the default setting. Your pictures will be blurry if even the slightest movement of the object you are trying to snap a picture of. After you notice the low 6mp default setting and you up it to the max 8mp setting you will notice it no longer fills the picture to the whole screen. The picture on this setting are clearer but still have blurring. At night or in low lighting the pictures are just down right unacceptable. My HTC incredible that is 2 years old took better pictures then this phone.While snapping pictures may disappointing you, filming on the other hand is impressive. You will still encounter the same problems you had with taking pictures but the video is smooth and compared to the competition among the best. The phone does default into 720p and if you do decide to bump it to the max setting of 1080p you will have frame rate issues.The only real complaint besides the camera is the lack of ICS which is just vague promises and rumors that come and go as to when ICS will come.The large battery is really what makes this phone stand apart from the competition. The screen is good enough, the phone is quick, and Swype is quick and easy to learn. If you can get over the fact that the camera will disappoint then the droid razr maxx is the phone to get.

I have had this phone for about a month now. I read the specs and fell in love with it. I use it for everyday life as well as develop android applications. Very fast and have had 0 issues so far. The battery is amazing and it is super sleek. Hands down get this phone if you think you will like it.

When I first got the Droid Razr Maxx it worked really well and I absolutely loved it.  However, it began to get slower and slower, and then at one point it automatically installed updates which I later found out were not compatible with the version of the phone I had. I had only had the phone a bit over a year and I feel it is way too soon for Motorola to be releasing updates that aren't compatible with it.Now the phone barely works.  It crashes and freezes constantly.  Sometimes I have trouble even using its most basic capacity as a phone to either make or receive calls or text messages.  I complained to Verizon, and they sent me a replacement of the same version of the phone, insisting this one would work because all of the updates were installed in the factory.  I did work for a few days, and then began crashing and freezing just the same as the old one.  Additionally, the headphone jack broke just a few weeks later after only a couple of uses.  Someone at the Verizon store basically told me that he thought the that the Droid Razr Maxx was a complete piece of crap, but there was still nothing he could do to help me with the problems I was having with it.However much cheaper you find it than other phones, it's not worth the price.

While it is a decent phone, I wouldn't pay more than $50 for this phone. Its camera takes poor photos (my HTC Thunderbolt took better photos and was made a year earlier, especially when compared to the Samsung Galaxy S III), and the camera is also slow (missing most moments). I am very disappointed in the fact that the phone itself is laggy, slow, and freezes quite often with even the Android process crashing occasionally. (something that I was a little familiar with with my HTC Thunderbolt) The speakerphone is unusable, it's too quiet to actually be used as a speakerphone. (my HTC Thunderbolt is much better in this regard, but that's probably due to the larger speaker of the Thunderbolt) The audio speaker on the Maxx is small and won't play sounds/music very loud, and when you do turn it on as loud as it can go, the quality is terrible. It also gets warm/hot when you are using it (such as surfing the web and/or playing music or doing other apps) and especially with hotspot on. (though I also noticed that with my Thunderbolt)The battery life is great, coming from a Thunderbolt I am extremely impressed with the battery life. It lasts a long time, pretty much all day unless you are using hotspot, in which case it is still usually a reasonable 4-8 hours. Though I would take a lesser battery life for a smoother/less laggy/less freezing phone with better audio. And I was able to get this for free during a Best Buy sale, so the price was great.

I've had my Razr Maxx a while now, and have been very pleased with it. I've never need a special case to protect this phone. I have dropped it from my shirt pocket onto concrete or tile many times without damage. I do not have to worry if I am outside in the rain or washing a car, etc. Last night I lost it outside, and didn't realize it until this morning. It lay in the grass, in light rain and mist all night. I found it this morning, put it on the charger, and everything works great.

I am so tired of manufacturers continuing to add bigger, brighter, higher density screens, and not paying a bit of attention to battery life.  It's insane to have a phone that does so many things, but you can't use them after a year, because the battery drains before you get home from work.I have been staying away from smartphones because of this.  I have always purchased old Nokias from ebay so I don't have to worry about charging my phone EVERY day.Until now.  This is a great phone with all the features of it's counterparts, but with a HUGE battery.  Quite honestly, I would put up an 12mm phone if I could get a 6000mah battery.Pros:- I get 2-4 days(depending on use) without having to charge it.-- NOTE: I ACTIVELY manage the battery.- SmartActions is cool because it allows you to automate/manage your phone features.- Otherwise, its the same as most other Android phones.Cons:- A little slow to update to ICS, which they have promised.

This phone is amazing. I've owned mine for over a month and I'm still amazed every time I turn the display on! It's lightning fast, the camera is so sharp and loaded with tons of neat features, and it can do everything the iPhone can, just better. Get this phone! Plus the battery life is ridiculously long-lasting. It's durable, the screen is huge (but not too huge), and I love the 4G access. Seriously, I don't understand why people keep choosing Apple when phones like this are available. No contest at all.

This is my first smart phone purchase. Every single one of my friends told me to go with the IPhone 4s or IPhone 4. Even those who had Droids told me to go with the IPhone. When I announced after all my research that I had decided on the Droid Razr Maxx, they all said the same thing, 'You'll be sorry'. I can't say that I hate the Razr Maxx but I can't say it lives up to any of the promises or the hype that go along with it.First off ... in case anyone is wondering what the difference is between the Razr and the Razr Maxx ... its NOTHING other than the battery life. Its basically the same phone, only the Razr Maxx is a little thicker and has a curved back where the bigger battery goes. My hands are large, so I am not opposed to the thicker and heavier phone ... even with the added thickness though, the Razr is still lighter and thinner than the IPhone. However, it is much longer and has a bigger screen, which makes it VERY difficult to text with and almost impossible to take horizontal pictures with. Someone with small hands (females especially) are going to have trouble with this phone as it is very big and long and awkward to hold.The main thing I want to address in this review is battery life. The claims by Motorola as to its amazing battery life are all very exaggerated. I will say that it is my opinion that the company (or those loyal to it) have stacked the deck so to speak with favorable and exaggerated reviews online regarding the battery life. There is one review which the user claims he went on a 3 day business trip and used the phone at a pretty medium rate and did not have to charge it in 3 days. This is ludicrous, preposterous and highly unlikely. I am a low to average cell phone user during the day. I take the phone off the charger around 9 a.m. and it is at 15% battery life (and that last 15% goes FAST ... like 20-30 minutes of use fast!) by around 9 or 10 p.m. The claims of 1, 2 or even 3 days of battery life in moderate use are as believable to me as the Loch Ness Monster.Here is a breakdown of my average day using the Razr Maxx. And keep in mind, I switch off the wifi and bluetooth when I am not using them and keep the screen at the battery saving recommending setting. When I had the screen on the brightest possible setting because the quality of this screen makes it almost impossible to see outdoors on the factory recommended brightness, it killed the battery twice as fast. The screen/display is always the thing that sucks the most battery in my battery usage report screen. I usually start my day at 9 a.m. using the Razr Maxx on my drive into work. I usually make a 10 - 20 minute call during the commute using bluetooth through my car. I turn off bluetooth when done and make sure wifi is off. I get to work and through the course of the day send about 50 - 100 texts and maybe make 2 or 3 calls of a 2 - 5 minute duration each. In between my usage of the phone, I turn off the screen (not the phone). After work, I use wifi to stream 20 - 30 minutes worth of music on Pandora. I probably send 30 more texts when I get home. And then check a few social networking sites using wifi for about 5 - 15 minutes. Around this time is 9 or 10 p.m. and the battery is almost dead. I hardly would consider that more than average usage (if not low because most times wifi and bluetooth are off and screen is fairly dim). If you are looking for a phone that allows you to get through the DAY on one charge ... this is your phone. It costs $100 - $150 (through Verizon anyways) more to get the Razr Maxx than the Razr but it is my understanding that the Razr could last 4-6 hours on one charge and has one of the worst battery lives of any phone. So it might be worth it to get the Maxx, even at a hundo or hundo and a half more.One annoying thing about the Maxx is that the battery takes FOREVER to charge. When I had the OEM charger that came out of the box, it took 4-5 hours with the phone turned off to charge. That doesn't seem bad if you are the type who puts the phone on the charger at night and then wakes up and takes it off. However, there were a few times I fell asleep without doing this and when I woke up the phone was dead. A big problem considering that I use it as my alarm clock! And also, I had to go without my phone for 4-5 hours during the day while it remained off because if you try to charge the battery while the phone is on, even if you are not using it to browse/text/call ... it could take up to a half a day to charge because the phone is still searching for service, performing updates, etc.I left my charger in a hotel room and purchased a non-OEM one online and it adds an hour to two hours to the charge time because I guess the charger isn't as powerful. So 5-6 hours to charge the battery, phone off. Also, if you don't use a Motorola OEM charger (which is hard to find even at Verizon) ... the pin connecton often makes the phone stop charging because it doesn't stay in place the right way. How frusterating is it to put your phone on the charger at night thinking it will be a full charge in the morning ... only to have the phone stop charging because of the tempermental pin connection ... and then waking up to find a dead phone, only to have to shut it off and charge it for 5 hours during the day?? VERY!!! I can't tell you how many times I've woken up late for work because this happened and the phone died, which meant my alarm clock died as well. Finally, I was forced to buy a back up wind up alarm clock which NEVER happened when I had cheaper less 'smart' phones.By the way ... the battery cannot be removed from the phone. This would have been a HUGE red flag for me if I knew this before buying the phone. So, you can't carry a spare charged battery with you on a trip and switch it out if you need to. The phone's battery can only be charged through the charger. What worries me most is that these batteries aren't known to last more than a year or two before their life diminishes greatly. I am not the type of person who will spend $300 to upgrade my phone every year or so when the new ones come out. I plan to use this for the next 2-3 years at least. If the battery diminishes over that time period and there is no way to change it ... that is a huge issue for a phone that retails at $750 and even with an upgrade costs $300 through Verizon.As for the 4G ... it flies. Compared to the IPhone on Verizon's network, the Razr Maxx loads pages twice as fast, it seems. I never wait for the pages to load and can stream music and videos fairly quickly as well. I haven't had any problems with Pandora, except the high amount of data it uses when I use the network instead of wifi. As a result, the 4G eats up data usage and battery ... there is a way supposedly to turn off the 4G and go to 3G but that is beyond my knowledge at this point and unless I was really stuck with battery, I wouldn't do it because I enjoy the fast internet speed.The camera is take it or leave it. The pictures are crisp and clear. However, it is almost impossible to take a horizontal picture because of how awkward the phone is to hold. I have legit won photography contests and still have fingertips in half of my horizontal photos taken with this phone. Another annoying thing is that the zoom is useless. When you zoom in on an object, especially if that object is moving ... forget about a clear photo. Any little breeze or movement on your part and the picture will be blurry when zoomed. I was standing across the street while they were filming a movie and zoomed the camera in on Ben Stiller from 25 feet away and all the pictures came out blurry, even though he was filming a stationary scene. Also, the camera does not do well in low light conditions at all. Taking pictures of food in a dimly lit restaurant ... or of scenery at night comes out very dark and pixelated. I was at the Top of the Mark lounge in San Francisco at night and took a photo of the city lights that looked beautiful, but when I opened it on my computer it was pixelated and garbage. Some of the photos I take of sunny days with blue skies come out better than my digital camera though, so I guess its a trade off. Leave this thing home on Disney rides.The internal memory ... they say its 32 GB ... but technically its 8 GB and you can put in a small SD card for the rest. Someone else in a review said it came with a 16 GB card ... mine did not. I don't know if this is a new thing ... or if only some networks (not Verizon) do this. It is nice in one regard that you can swap out the memory cards so you don't have to delete files from your phone. However, it is annoying when the internal memory gets full because 8 GB is not a lot ... its about 24 photos and 2 video clips of about 1 minute each. When the internal memory gets full, the phone goes into a mode where you cannot view photos or videos taken ... or cannot send photo texts or upload your existing pictures to the internet until you delete photos or insert a memory card. I wish the phone took the larger memory cards because on top of buying the card, not I have to buy an adapter as well. This mode is annoying because if you do fill up your memory without having a card, you will have to delete photos/videos on the spot.Another thing that has annoyed me about the phone lately is that it will turn on and off by itself. When I have it on the charger and am charging the battery, I will turn the power completely off so it will charge. Sometimes, it will turn itself on during this charging and because its internal system does use battery ... after 6 hours on the charger it will only be 15 - 20% charged because it turned itself on. I can't figure out how to stop this from happening. Also, I have had to force a re-boot of the phone because it would not turn on 3 times already. What happens is the phone cannot be turned on, even at full battery. You press the button and nothing happens. You have to hold the power on button and the volume down button at the same time for 10 seconds, which forces the phone to re-boot (you do not lose any data). I had to go to an online troubleshooting forum to figure this out. Apparently, this is very common with the Razr Maxx. This has happened 3 times in a month of ownership for me.The speaker on the Razr Maxx is TERRIBLE. I can bearly hear speakerphone calls most times. They are muffled and often my caller tells me they can't hear me either, which makes me think the microphone is bad as well. When I am playing music through the phone's speaker, I am amazed that there is absolutely no base. It is a tinny sound and it doesn't even get loud. You have to be within a couple feet of the phone if you are listening to streaming music.Overall, I am not incredibly impressed with the Droid Razr Maxx. I guess maybe someone who was getting only 4-6 hours of battery life on their non-Maxx Razr would see this as being an amazing thing. (I'd be so mad if I bought a Razr phone 4 months before they released the Maxx) But, based on the promises of HUGE battery life ... it falls short. In fact a lot of the RELIABLE (non-planted) tech review sites did tests to see if the Razr Maxx lived up to claims and most say it does not. The claim by Motorola that the phone will last through 2.5 Netflix movies being streamed consecutively was disproved by more than one review site. In fact, it seems like 1.5 movies is more accurate. Which is kind of amazing compared to past phones ... but someone who had the standard 4G data plan went through their data usage streaming 1.5 movies along with their battery life. This is a hard one ... if I had it to do over again, if Verizon allowed its users to get 4G with the IPhone (currently they only offer IPhones with 3G) I'd go with the IPhone. But the fast 4G on the Razr Maxx makes me like this more at the current time. However, supposedly Verizon will be getting 4G for IPhones soon. Also, there are several articles online about how Verizon employees push the Androids over the IPhones at stores. One article showed this happens 100% of the time based on 20 experiences with Verizon stores. Based on my experience ... I found this to be true as well. Even the employees who showed me that they had an IPhone told me that they wished they had Androids and told me to at least check one out. In fact, the employee told me he had a Razr Maxx that I could play around with. When I asked for an IPhone 4S to play around with and compare, he told me that the store did not have a working IPhone for a demo. Slick.

This phone (and the non-Maxx) are both prone to the external speaker having a bad connection within months of purchase.  Motorola will only ship you a refurb.  Without an external speaker, phone cannot ring.  Can't play music, alarms, reminders, etc.  You can 'rub' the speaker and it will work for a short period of time.  Do some searches online.  I'd never have bought this phone if I knew about this issue and that only a refurb would be offered.  Phone is less than 6 months old.  GET ANOTHER PHONE, PREFERABLY NOT FROM MOTOROLA.

I have had two motorola phones and two iPhones before purchasing the Droid Razr Maxx. I had the Droid X and Droid X2. Both were good phones, but battery life wasn't the greatest and I wanted something more than Gingerbread had to offer. So, from there I bought the iPhone 4 and eventually the iPhone 4S. Battery life on those wasn't the best and iOS did not have the same functionality of Ice Cream Sandwich.The Droid Razr Maxx has been my favorite smartphone to date.Pros:-Superb battery life: It easily lasts me all day. I watch a lot of video on it, so I have to charge it every night. However, I don't have to charge it midday like I had to for my iPhone 4S.-Ice Cream Sandwich: Android 4.0 running on the Maxx is one of the least customized versions of Android. The slight tweaks that Motorola has made generally improve the use of the device.-MicroSD card slot: It seems as if the microSD card slot is disappearing. It is nice to see Motorola included it on the Maxx.-Excellent Call Quality: I get excellent Verizon coverage where I live, so my device has no problem keeping connected. Calls are quite good.Cons:-Bloatware: Verizon has loaded this device with bloatware. Thankfully, most of it can be either removed or disabled.-Screen: qHD resolution is a bit disappointing coming from the retina display on the iPhone. When viewing the screen up close, you can distinguish the individual pixels. Being Super AMOLED, bright colors are very vibrant. However, some colors appear washed out, such as skin tone. In direct sunlight, the screen is barely visible even with brightness at 100%. Overall, the screen isn't the best, but it is usable.-Rear camera: Motorola's camera technology has not changed much since the Droid X. The camera takes pretty good outdoor shots, but struggles in low-light situations.Overall, the Droid Razr Maxx is a decent device. I would definitely recommend it to someone looking for a relatively low cost phone with the superb battery life. If money is not an issue, get the Droid Razr Maxx HD.

My comments address two areas.  The quality of the Maxx screen.  And the impact of so much battery power.First the screen quality.  I am totally amazed and impressed with the screen on my Maxx.  Colors look perfect.  The screen is bright and text is easy to read.  And black is BLACK.  From a CNET post..[...]..."We comment on the depth of black a TV is capable of producing. Since deeper, "blacker" blacks lead to more-realistic pictures, higher contrast, and more "pop" and color saturation, we consider black level the most important single performance characteristic of a TV".  From CNET's January 26, 2012 review of the Maxx...."Colors were rich and deep, and blacks were endless".  The test of black levels is how much contrast there is in the black on your phone's screen and the black bezel next to it.  On the Maxx, in all but the most severe lighting..you have to look hard to see where the black of the bezel ends and the screen begins.  That said...auto brightness can throw things off.  All amoled screens suffer when brightness levels drop.Real world comparisons.  I took my Maxx to my local Verizon store to compare with other high end smart phones. Specifically, the two phones most sited as the top screens...the Galaxy Nexus and the iPhone 4s. Side by side, looking at a variety of screen uses..the Nexus looked superior, followed by the 4s and then the Maxx.  But here's the thing..not by a lot.  The range between the 3 was pretty small.  And separate the three, and the difference seemed even smaller.  Pretty fine frog hairs here. With a lot of the difference falling in the range of personal preference.There has been a lot of stuff thrown out there about the Maxx's pentile aberrations.  Brian Klug in his [...] review..credits the Maxx with pretty low levels of aberrations..because of a change in the pentile setup that the Maxx uses.  To quote "Subjectively I'd even say that the RAZR has less characteristic PenTile grain than the RGBW LCD variants I've seen recently".Bottom line. Is the Maxx screen slightly less beautiful than the Nexus/4s? Yes..slightly.  That said..the Maxx screen does not fall short by enough when taken as a part of the phone as a whole.  That leads me to the real strength of this phone.Battery performance.  The usefulness and value of any smart phone is whether it is able to be there when you need it...to do the things you want it to do...at any given moment. Not matter all the other wonderful attributes a phone may possess, if it out of juice and won't run...its got a major flaw. And that extends to having to restrict and baby your phone to avoid running out of battery.  I was not aware of this until the Maxx.  When you start out the morning with a fully charged Maxx...and for the rest of the day...you don't self limit the use of your phone for fear of running out of battery before the end of the day...a world of possibilities open up. What are these possibilities...they will be different for every user...that's the beauty and importance of this kind of battery life.  The smart phones of 2012 have hardware and software capabilities that that make them true marvels.  Don't hamstring all that your phone can to for you because of inadequate battery performance.So if the screen is a little less perfect compared to phone X and pictures are little perfect than phone Y, do yourself a favor and let battery performance offset some of these things. You will NOT regret it.UPDATE: I have been using my Maxx for awhile. In my original post I only commented on screen quality and battery life.  The speed of this phone is great.  Even though I only have 3g in my area...because of the faster processor speed...browsing is noticeably faster.  I am turning to my Maxx to surf much more often than my Droid X. When I am in a 4g area...surfing is fantastic. Battery life is still the greatest.  Even with daily music streaming using bluetooth (a real battery killer for my Droid X), surfing the web, movies occasionally, games, calls etc...I have not had less than 30% battery life at the end of the day.  I continue to be impressed with the screen quality.  Color accuracy and saturation are perfect. It is not quite as bright as the Galaxy Nexus...but plenty bright just the same.  The one thing that is a step down from my Droid X is 5 homepages vs 7 on the X.  I had my hompages perfectly tuned on the X.  I have used files to convert back to 5 homepages...and that is working fine.

BOY, DO I love my new RAZR 4G smartphone!!  Got mine, but was skeptical as had a Droid X before that I loved GPS on.  I had tried to upgrade 11/2011 and had to return theDroid because the speaker was lousy and we use GPS all the time (priority for us).  April 2012 I went in to try to upgrade again and got the RAZR, but almost bought theBionic.  My salesperson told me that I should get the RAZR (she loved hers) and I would not be dissapointed -- and I am not.  It is wonderful.  First I checked out speaker,and it is VERY LOUD in the car when GPSing.  (critical point).  Secondly, the phone is thinner, and lighter in weight, and bigger screen in size than the Iphone, butcomfortable and fits into a purse slot easily.  Not heavy as  not as much metal, more plastic and seems to be more "protected" from glass breakage.  The touch screen is much easier to handle, but then you can go over  to the keypad screen (touch) and the letters are much bigger if you need that.  The battery life is VERY good, but I also bought a pocket Motorola battery charger gizmo, for times when I might be in a Mall, Concert, anywhere I could not re-charge my phone. It's great! That charger is a must for emergencies.  (tiny, fits into my purse and very thin).  The RAZR 4G is fast!  Very fast and going from 3G to 4G is no problem.  Still 4G is fastest and in most big areas now.  As compared to the Iphone, my grand-daughter told me the GPS on  her Iphone sucks and is never right causing her terrible frustration as her speaker is not loud enough.  The GPS service is not Google-based, so it's not like the Android, --which is tops, and cannot be beat.  Most commands on the RAZR are voice-controlled to find things, including GPS navigation, addresses, etc.  I love this!  It will type byvoice control onto email, texting, and just about anything...and it finds it for you in a split second!  Easy to make calls by voice.  I can't believe this phone is so good.As compared with Iphone, it is "faster" when you put themm side by side, so it far excels the Iphone.LOVE-LOVE-LOVE IT, AND YOU WILL TOO.  DON'T HESTITATE AS THIS IS THE BEST ANDROID PHONE OUT THERE AND NO COMPARISON WITH APPLE.  BETTER!

I have read so many mixed reviews... was a bit concerned, but took the plunge and have zero regrets after 2 months.This is my 3rd smart phone coming from the Moto Droid X (which was much improved with rooting and custom ROMS)So many have said the camera is terrible... I am wondering if this has been addressed as mine is really good. Many times better than the X. Not as good as a dedicated camera, but I am surprised at how good it is.Some say the screen resolution sucks...I did compare to the Maxx HD,and Samsung S3. No question both are better... but reality is the Maxx screen is more than what I need in a phone. Seriously... some folks are just too picky.Call quality is superb! Believe me I would love to bash both Verizon and Moto... but....So many have said the gorilla glass is prone to cracking. Well.... this concerned me the most of everything I read. I have not dropped it... yet.I did however purchase the Trident Aegis case and the Skinomi screen protector. Both of which are excellent! FYI: I returned the Otter commuter case as I felt the Trident offered much better protection. Also preferred Skinomi to the Zagg  Perhaps 2 more reviews are in order.Some complained about the speaker. Once again... I see no issue. More than enough volume and clarity.Some have said the battery is all hype.... Well, all I can say is my friends with Iphones and Samsungs are always looking for a charge. Not me. I travel a lot for work. I see all the folks in airports huddled around the AC charge stations... Not me  :-)Earlier I said that I would love to bash Moto. Partially that is in regard to their locked boot loader. I work in communications IT (not verizon or Moto) As such I am totally into modding, ROMs, Rooting etc...Truly, so far I see little need to root or opt for ROMs at this point. ICS 4.04 is really rockin' Granted Verizon loads up so much bloatware it's insane... but so far I see no issues. The onboard memory and processor are doing the job.Granted, the 1.2 dual processor are not the newest and fastest. But the perceived speed benefits are minimal. My Quadrant score is killin' at 3198 (if you trust that benchmark program)Anyway... why did I not get the Maxx HD? or S3?  simple... the Maxx was on sale.K.... Think that 'bout does it

I've had this phone for 6 weeks. The phone has a nice feel to it and the performance is excellent, with the exception of the over-hyped camera which takes 'okay' pictures about 1 out of 5 tries.To be honest I was very happy with this phone up until yesterday.  I have been very gentle with this phone as I typically always am. But yesterday the phone fell from my desk onto soft carpet, landing relatively flat.  The gorilla glass shattered.  I immediately went to a Verizon store and they said they couldnt do anything but I should take up a claim with the insurance.  Honestly, this should not have shattered the way it did from a very low fall on a soft surface. I started reading around the internet and it seems this is an extremely common problem with this phones screen.  Dont believe the BS hype about the gorilla glass on these phones because it is by far this phones weakest link.

This is not really a review but a question out to the Maxx owner's out there in order to help us potential Maxx owner's. To maintain the positive reviews that this phone is getting, I put it at 5 stars, but it in no way reflexs my experience with the phone. My hope is that through comments this review will become helpful to those who are concerned about the Droid Razer Screen Cracking issue that seems to be growing.I just ask that anyone out there that has the Maxx to please report through a comment to this review as to:-How long they have owned the phone?-What type of protection does the phone have? (case, screen protector, etc...)-How rough is it handled?-What type of weather does it normally operate in?-Has the screen ever cracked?-Anything else you feel might help us potential buyers.Thank you in advance.

this phone has a good call quality, picture quality 4.3 not bad, battery life it last long best of any android phone nowadays, video quality great compare to iphone and samsung galaxy s2 they're even, speed its fast with memory booster apps it works more better, music sound quality really nice, ring tone volume normal, alarm tone a little noise, contacts apps is well organized and look better with widget for contact for easy access, don't sign up for " MY MUSIC " it only put a dirt on your phone the music file that was stored can't be delete, ONE THING I DON'T LIKE WITH THIS PHONE IS SKYPE VIDEO CALL I CAN SEE THEM BUT THEY CAN'T SEE ME need an update skype or droid, and ONE GOOD THING WITH THIS PHONE WHEN YOU PLUG IN BOTH SPEAKER OUT WITH SUPPLY VOLTAGE AND CHARGER TO THE PHONE the program or the phone is not disturbed when you play a music unlike iphone and samsung galaxy s2 it don't respond right away the music player apps it freeze or disturbed i don't know why but overall it has a good feature than other phone don't have the same thing the other phone feature have that this phone don't have THERE"S no perpect phone i don't know yet the how long this phone life but overall apple wins i hope apple will enlarge the screen someday, APPLE PLSSS....

My phone arrived in two days and was ready to go out of the box.  It upgraded to ICS shortly after turning it on (permission required).  Apparently some people who have had this phone for awhile have had difficulty with bugs since the ICS upgrade.  I have not had a single one and suspect this is because I did not add apps until the update was completed.  I have been using an HTC EVO 4G on Sprint for the past 18 months.  Sprint changed the contract twice during that time period (giving less for the same price).  One of the reasons I had chosen the EVO was the ability to add on the hotspot with unlimited data--Sprint severely restricted data in May and, despite giving three ways to find out your usage, there was no way to know usage until they send you a message that you had reached your maximum allowable (the message itself pushed you over the allowed data).  In mid-June the Sprint network started dropping calls in downtown Chicago and, after many calls to Customer Service (also to restore 4G service which mysteriously would become unavailable without calling them--dropping calls requiring several tries to complete--only to have it revert to 3G shortly afterwards) and they eventually admitted to having two cell towers down.  This problem persisted through all of July at which time I gave up on Sprint.  The RAZR MAXX solves the hotspot problem without any extra charges.  The ability to clear items from the notification screen is a great feature.  The only criticism I have is that, so far, Verizon Wireless has not allowed customers to use Google Wallet's scanning feature to use in place of carrying credit cards around.  Apparently Motorola built in the chip required for access at a later date and, from what I have been able to read on the subject, Verizon is waiting for Isis although there are also rumors that it will be allowing Google Wallet soon--it would be nice if Verizon clarified its position on its website--as of now, it appears that any access via this technology will have to wait until next year.  That one issue aside, this smartphone is amazingly fast (4G LTE on Verizon far superior to 4G on Sprint) and has connectivity features that were not available on any other smartphone I've owned (including T-Mobile).  Love it, love it, love it.  Also purchased Lapdock 100 (had to return to Motorola for quick fix of screen problem on that)--recommend it.

This phone is great. The battery life is just as advertised. I can use the phone all day and not have to worry about charging it. If you do let the phone die however it will take a lot of charging to be able to use the phone again.Pros:1. The phone looks really cool and is super thin.2. Battery life is great as long as your not running all your apps at once.3. The phone is really sturdy and strong. I've dropped it several times and the phone and screen are fine. I've also accidently dropped out in my dogs bowl of water while it was on, and it was fine. It never stopped working.4. Verizon's 4g LTE service.Cons:1. The phone does get very hot when making phone calls for long periods of time.2. Takes a while to fully charge the battery.

This phone is an Engineer's dream.  Almost everything on it is intuitive for analytical types and the hardware and software are both beautiful.If it were were a woman, I would ask it to Marry me.

If you are considering a purchase of this phone, keep looking!  Unfortunately, the Droid Razr Maxx has a very fragile screen.  This issue is becoming more and more widespread as this phone hits the market.  Search for it online and learn the details.  Do not buy this phone! Verizon and Motorola will not stand behind this product.  If you opt for the insurance coverage you will be charged $100 deductible for a replacement.  Insurance is for replacing a phone from user damage - not for replacing a defective product.  Again, do not buy this phone and get stuck with an inferior product.  Motorolas' own website claims: "Seriously thin, DROID RAZR MAXX is the exact opposite of frail."  This is absolutely not true.

I bought this phone over competitors mainly for the battery life. I was greatly disappointed. It has terrible battery life, nowhere near what they claim. I barely use the phone (talk time of less than 2 hrs a day, and internet usage of 15 minutes max) and the battery is down to 20% in two days. I have set up all the battery savers that are recommended. The battery drops 10% overnight just sitting there! They (Motorola fans, forums, etc.) say that after the upgrade to ICS, the battery life went down. But should get better once Moto decides to upgrade us to JellyBean. I hope it does get better or else I will be stuck with this POS battery for 2 years.The camera is not great either compared to others I have seen. It is very slow to capture photos.If you are buying this phone for the supposed extended battery life, you will be disappointed.

I would first like to state all the apple fanboys on here shouldn't sway you from buying this phone, anyone who compares Android to Apple in a product review is going to pick about such little things. Face it, android is a lot more customizable, and some are frightened.The Droid Razr Maxx, is by far the greatest phone I have owned.It is future proof because of the extremely large battery, which you cannot dislike.The screen itself is exceptional, and people are comparing it to iPhones why? We all know the apple business model, make it look pretty and people will pay a crapload for it.It's extremely fast, and when you arent having firmware issues, I don't see how somebody can complain. I was lucky enough to (so far) have a almost bug free ICS. Which has fixed past issues.So if you want a phone with a great screen, greater battery, typical android customization, and dual core speed, you should stick with this one .

Bought this phone on a plan renewal.  The reason I went with this phone over the iPhone or Galaxy was due to the battery life.  So far I am not disappointed.  While my iPhone and Nexus friends are down to 20% battery life by the end of the work day, I am sitting at 80% still.The only issue I've noticed after owning the phone for a little over a year now is that the battery is slowly starting to lose it's charge.  When I first bought the phone, I went 42 hours without a single charge.  I don't get that anymore. By the end of the night before I go to bed, it's at 50%.  Still great battery life for a 4G phone, but I can tell the battery is starting to lose it's battery life.  Not sure what the battery life will be like by the end of 2013, but so far I'm very happy with the phone.And now it's only a penny with a plan purchase. Great deal.

Normally I don't write product reviews because the manufacturers gets business and benefited out of it. But, with Motorola Droid Razr Maxx case it's different. I wanted someone buyers like me to get benefited with the phone based on my review. As you have known all the reviews about the phone I'm not adding anything new. Today's technology this is the cell phone to buy.I don't like iphone because it does not have 4G connectivity, purchased and returned Samsung Galaxy Nexus (a close challenger to Droid RAZR MAXX) but satisfied with Motorola Droid Razr Maxx. It's all about technology. Also consider, what you buy today will not be the same next year with the cutting edge technology.BUT, FOR TODAY, I OPT MOTOROLA DROID RAZR MAXX FOR ANDRIOD VERIZON WIRELESS MARKET. If you're not buying, you're the loser. Take care.

The phone is great. Speeds are fast, it runs anything, but immediately out of the box it had a bad pixel in the center of the screen. Would have gotten more stars if it was in perfect condition upon arrival.

Got this 5 months ago to replace my HTC Incredible which was dying. Was drawn primarily because of the advertised battery life.PROS: Slim design, clear crisp screen. Outstanding battery life. Others have whined about the battery not living up to the hype, but here's my story.With WiFi and Bluetooth default to ON, and 2 email accounts, I get 48 hours on a charge. However, use of the GPS will definitely drain it, so I truly think applications such as Google Maps and NAV are the major source of discharge. Have played a lot of games on it, and use it for all my calls, but battery life is good.Call quality (after all, it is still a phone, right?)is good. Bluetooth works seamlessly with my car. 4G LTE has been faultless, and switches to 3G in areas as needed. Very seamless.CONS: Wish the power button was designed better. Unable to figure out how to give different email accounts a different notification sound (one sound fits all I guess); WiFi not as sensitive as my laptop, and drops signal when at home depending on where I am in the house. The "smart apps" is a nice concept but have not worked reliably for me so I am not using them. The speakerphone is not as loud as my old HTC or a Blackberry, and gets a bit distorted when turned up all the way. Will be getting ICS upgrade sometime soon, so we'll see what bugs were related to the Android OS rather than the phone.Would buy again? Absolutely.

I have always used Motorola smartphones, and also have some experience with iOS devices like the iPhone.  I can honestly say that this is the best mobile phone I have ever used. The battery life is amazing. I can go an entire day on one charge with constant use.  While the user experience running Gingerbread left a lot to be desired, once I upgraded the phone to Ice Cream Sandwich, it workedblike a dream. The user interface is intuitive, slick, and very fluid.  It offers customization that iOS can't even close to.  The camera is very clear, although sometimes the images are a little dark.  I owned a Droid 2 Global before this (the worst phone I ever bought) and a Droid 1 before that. After the Droid 2 experience, I was going to just buy a Galaxy Nexus, but decided to give the Razr Maxx a try. I'm glad I did. This is the best Motorola phone and best mobile phone I have ever used.

I have been an iphone user for the past 2 years, most recently owning the iphone4s. I decided to give in to all of the hype about Androids, and purchased a Razr Maxx. I guess it's not the worst phone I've owned, but here are some Pros and ConsPros:-Battery life is second to none. With normal usage, it goes all day and night-Moving files back and forth is simple, just plug it into your PCCons:-No way to backup all of your settings as efficiently as itunes does-Bluetooth: The bluetooth will randomly drop, while streaming music in my car. Speaking of the car, the Music app has to be open, in order to use my steering wheel controls. This was never the case with the iphone-Comfort: The phone is uncomfortable to hold, as it is too wide. The iphone is the perfect size. I'm 6'2 with large hands, I can't imagine how a female could use this phone.-Camera: Putting it simply, the camera on this device just sucks. The entire application is just a mess and I don't believe the quality is that great for a modern smartphone-Wifi: The main reason I now hate this phone, is that it rarely automatically connects to Wifi, when I move between work and home.  Some people suggested Verizon's "Wifi On" App. Why should I have to install an app, for a basic function a $300 phone should be able to do?-No cisco VPN client: As far as I can tell, this device does not have a built in VPN client that works with Cisco RAS. You have to create a Cisco Anyconnect solution at headend and then download an app!  The iphone had a built in VPN client that worked perfectly with CiscoUnless you are a geek who wants to do a lot of phone hacking, just get an iphone. It's more reliable, easier to use and an overall better design. I am holding off until ICS comes out, but will most likely do an early termination fee to get an iphone5

I replaced an original Droid with the RAZR Maxx.  I really like the phone and would recommend it.  Even with the larger battery the phone is still super thin and I would not recomend the Droid RAZR as you won't notice the thickness but you will notice the battery life.PROS:- Battery, battery, battery - Can pretty much use it all day with GPS, Bluetooth, Wifi and everything else turned on and not run out of battery.- Comes with Swype delivered- Screen is bright and clear- Love the internal battery - one less door to deal with and allows the phone to be thinner than with a replaceable battery.- Smart Actions are great - There are apps in Google Play that do the same thing but this app has a better and more intuitive interface.- Comes with a messaging app that is better than stock Android as it allows a consolidated inbox (Gmail, corporate, other)- External Storage Card - Comes with a 16GB card.  Replaced that with a 32GB card and I have all my music on the phone (great for plane rides and no need to use bandwidth to play music).- The home row of 4 buttons can be customized (mostly, see below) to have whatever apps you want appear on every page.- 4G LTE is lightning fast.CONS:- Crapware - this phone comes with so much useless junk apps that cannot be uninstalled that I cannot begin to count them.  Luckily with 3GB of app storage it doesn't create memory issues.- Its slippery - sides are glossy and rounded so it could easily slip out of my hand.  Will be getting a rubberized case- Its hard to use with 1 hand and I wear a men's large glove- The bezel around the screen is wide.  I would have preferred the phone to be slightly thicker and have a smaller bezel making the height/width less and easier to handle and hold.- Dislike the Motorola OS overlay (MotoBlur or whatever its called).- The Application app (used to access the apps) is locked into the home row.  It cannot be removed.- Finicky Wifi (see note below).- No ICS (but should be coming ... hopefully without MotoBlur)- Included charging cord is only 3' long and is 2 piece (plug with 2 USB ports and USB cord).Additional Note:  When I set up the phone to access my Wifi it initially had problems.  I downloaded Wifi Analyzer (great app) from Google Play and found that every 2 seconds the signal would decrease to 0 and then come right back.  To fix this I had to set my router to broadcast the SSID (before I had it hidden) and this fixed the issue.

I was one of the first users to have the original HTC Droid Incredible; in fact, I pre-ordered it from Verizon before it came out and had it a day before it was released in stores, so I had the earliest model with the beautiful AMOLED screen (as opposed to the Super LED).  My experience was very good with my Incredible: I had the slim extended battery from Seido (battery life still sucked), my Incredible worked smoothly with no bugs, the 8mp camera was pretty decent, it had plenty of space, and its 1gz processor was always fast enough to run anything I wanted.  I saw a lot of Verizon android phones come out over the past 2 years that were sub-par to my Incredible.  As a power user, I needed something that improved on battery life, had at least the same screen quality, had a dual core processor (to fight obsolescence), and had plenty of space.  This phone has outperformed all my expectations.BATTERY: First of all, the battery life is this phone's biggest selling point.  During my first day of use, I turned OFF the wifi and used 4gLTE (which is FAST!) because I have the unlimited plan for Verizon.  I spent much of the day downloading all my old apps and setting up school email and personalizing all my settings.  I also got engaged to my girlfriend on the same day, so one can imaging all the texting I did and picture messaging of the ring and all.  We went out late to celebrate and I used it lightly while out showing off my new phone and its features and when I got home, I still had 25% battery!  Just as the reviews report, the battery on this thing really out-does itself.  What is even more impressive is I do not have a lump sticking out of the back due to an extended battery.SCREEN: I have no problem with it.  It is a beautiful display and is slightly better than my old Droid Incredible AMOLED display.  The best part about it is I do not need to turn down the settings like brightness and screen timeout like I did to conserve on battery.  Some reviewers have compared this screen to the beautiful screens of the Samsung Droid Nexus and iPhone4s, which both have 300+ pixel/inch density.  Sure, you MIGHT notice a difference if you were to put them side by side on same photo.  However, I do not notice anything in terms of a lack of quality or really see any pixels.  Coming from my old Incredible (which has the same AMOLED tech), this has a very slightly better pixels/inch and remains beautiful to look at and easy on my eyes.  Also to note, it has a Corning Gorilla Glass screen.  This is the same glass screen covering as the iPhone4s and makes it extremely hard.  I'm still using a screen cover because I do not want to chance anything.PROCESSOR: The Razr MAXX has a 1.2gz dual core processor.  My old Incredible had a single core 1gz snapdragon processor, which ran things smoothly.  After using the Razr Maxx, I can tell the difference.  The same games, apps, and video feel like they run like butter. The Droid Incredible would have a very slight lag before it ran something fast and smooth. The Droid Razr does not have that lag.  There are other phones that have a dual core 1.5gz processor; honestly, there really should not be any difference in performance that one notices.CAMERA: Wow, great camera on this thing.  I proposed to my girl friend at the local Botanical Gardens and the camera takes amazing photos both close up and far away.  Digital zoom is excellent and the best part is NO SHUTTER LAG! When you press the snap button, BAM! That's the picture you get! There is no holding the phone steady as you wait for it to capture the photo. I can't be more pleased.SMART ACTIONS: Great job Motorola! Take a moment to check out the Smart Actions features.  This allows you to program your Droid Razr Maxx (or regular Razr) to automatically change settings or launch applications. When I showed this to my fiance's brother, who is a big iPhone user, his eyebrows raised and he was impressed.For example:- I set my phone so when I arrive at my work's address, my phone will automatically go into vibrate mode.- I set my phone so it makes all text messages/email notifications quiet during my sleeping hours during work nights- My phone automatically puts the screen dimmer and turns off sync when battery reaches below 25%- My phone now notifies me to charge it at night if it is below 25% battery life- *This program does pretty much whatever you want.  If you have done programming, you might know what a "macro" is. It is a macro creation tool.  In short, it allows you complete automatic control over your phone. It is EXTREMELY easy to use, especially if you choose from the large sample list of tasks.SPACE: Advertises as a total of 32gb.  Need I say more?  The system reserves 8gb  for its own use, it leaves 8gb of internal memory for user use, and it comes with a 16 gb MicroSD card.  In reality, the user gets 24 gb of space, which is pretty good.KEYBOARD: Has a standard android software keyboard.  I prefer the Swype keyboard, which comes preinstalled on it.  Make sure you check it out, it is the FASTEST keyboard to use out there (Faster than iPhone or other keyboards on the Market).  To use it, when you go to type in a text field, long press the field until a menu pops up, select on that menu "Input Method", then select "Swype".  Swype allows you to drag your fingers through all your letters of words instead of individual presses.  Quite fast once you get used to it (which does not take long).SOFTWARE: Currently runs Android 2.3 Gingerbread.  This is one of the latest versions and it runs very smooth.  The Razr Maxx will be upgraded in 2012 to Android 4.0, which will pretty much make this into a whole new phone.  Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwhich (codename) will redefine how Android and raise the bar for competition (iPhone, Windows phone).  I will not explain how important this will be for the Droid Razr, so if you are interested in this be sure to Google Android 4.0's new features and changes/reviews.In summary, if you are trying to decide to get this phone versus another, get the Droid Razr Maxx.  I do not think you will be disappointed.

I bought this phone when it first came out from amazon. I was looking for a good phone that would last longer than a couple of hours of use. I looked at a lot of side by side videos of the maxx against a lot of different phones and was happy with the out come. I ordered the phone and it came within 2 days. I was very happy with the phones looks and the size and a that. I took the phone to verizon and had it set up. It took me a couple hours to get it all set up and how I like it. There was a couple of things I wasn't crazy about but you deal. I have had the phone for quite a while now and have not had any real issues with the phone. I know that when my daughter was playing a game for two hours and I had a case on the phone, it did get hot and froze. I did a hard reset and it has been fine after that. I still have the phone. I still LOVE it. I suggest to everyone I know that this is a great phone.

Great product until you have trouble.  When you call Amazon, they give you the run around. Then they tell you that they are only the vendor.  Some vendor!  When I bought two of these phones plus a Verizon plan, Amazon was happy to take my money. But when my son's phone got wet because of a prank his friend pulled, the phone was rendered useless.  All Amazon said was, call Motorola, we are just the vendor.  Apparently being just the vendor does NOT include sending out all the paperwork necessary for an insurance plan. They DID tell me that if I cancel service for this phone they (Amazon) would charge me $400 for the Verizon service.  DON'T BUY A PHONE FROM AMAZON!Be smarter than I was. Go to the company who makes the phone. Amazon is "only a vendor."

I have had my Droid Razr Maxx for just over a month and I'm so glad I have it.  I just returned from 24 days in Italy and the trip would have been a complete disaster if not for this device. Since this phone is not SIM locked, I was able to buy an Italian SIM card when I arrived in Italy, so I didn't have to pay Verizon's roaming charges.One can read about the features and capabilities of the phone itself, so I won't go into detail on that.  But the battery life... WOW! I ran apps and used various features of phone all day long, every day: GPS with directions and mapping service, internet browser, camera, Quick Word, Map My Ride (I was biking through Italy), email, music player, and movies.  After a day of biking, with the Map My Ride app running for about 12 hours, using internet and email, taking pictures, listening to music, and watching a 2 hour movie I had stored on the phone, I only used 50% of the battery.  A couple of co-workers convinced me that this was the main reason to buy this phone over any other - the battery life - and they were so right.Things I found out about foreign travel with a smartphone:To get the SIM card, I had to go to the cellular provider's store and have my passport with me (I had left my passport with the hotel's front desk, so I had to go back and get it)It took about 2 hours after buying the SIM for it to be activeI bought time as I needed it, but the places to buy more time are often closed in the evening (like after 8pm)Using 3G cost about 4 Euros a day, not including data usageWi-Fi isn't always free and/or not always available in ItalyYou can only stream Netflix in the 50 US states (sometimes you just want a little bit of home to comfort you after a rough day of travel)Calling the US cost about 60 cents per minuteIf I ran out of time on the card, I could still receive calls from home (free for me, not free for the caller)I had considered taking my Wi-Fi tablet with me to Italy, and buying a cheap Italian phone to use there, but EVERY day I was in Italy, I was so glad I had this phone.  Wi-Fi in Italy is not very reliable WHEN it's available, and the tablet would have added bulk to my already encumbered travel, plus the tablet battery only lasts 5 hours at best.  Buying and using the foreign SIM was quick and easy, and re-inserting the VZW SIM and getting back onto the home network upon returning home was seamless.

While on vacation taking pictures, the device completely went black and never came back on.  Even though the phone is less than a month old, Verizon is sending me a refurbished replacement.  I also had to pay $50 for an emergency prepaid phone they would not cover.  The store rep still found time to offer me a cloud service feature... you know, for when that paperweight in your pocket takes a crap on you.  Buyer beware.

I have owned the Droid Razr Maxx for two weeks now.  I have owned it long enough to know that I love it.  I owned an iPhone 4 for more than a year.  Prior to getting the phone, I had owned an old standard phone without Internet.  When one of my co-workers first showed me the iPhone and what it could do, I could not believe it and I went out and purchased one the next day without even investigating other phones.  When I first got it, I loved it.  It was amazing, almost like having a computer in your pocket.  I was in love with the phone.  Then, over time, as I started using the phone more to go to various websites, I realized that many websites that I was going to had blank spots where there were supposed to be pictures, or the sites did not work at all.  I just assumed that it was not possible to view these sites on a smart phone.  I thought it was a limitation of the technology.  Then when some of my students would show me their smart phones, I noticed that they were able to view the same websites that I was not.  I wondered why that was, and what was in common between all those phones that could view those websites was that they were not iPhones.  I came to realize that Apple does not allow flash player on their iPhones, or their iPads for that matter.  This upset me quite a bit.  I read Steve Jobs' explanation in a long letter that he posted online.  It seems to me that he simply had a fight with Adobe, who makes the flash player, and therefore refuses to allow it on the phones or iPads.  He says in the letter that flash player makes the phones crash and so on, but the moral to this story is that I did get an Android phone a couple of weeks ago and I can tell you that the phone has not crashed a single time.  It is VERY nice to be able to browse the Internet unhindered and view pretty much whatever site you want to view, without blank pages or blank spots showing up on the page.  Consumers should be told prior to purchasing the iPhone that they do not allow flash player and thus you will not be able to see a significant number of sites that you would be able to view on other phones.  The Android experience has been much more like a true computer/internet experience.  Some other frustrating things about the iPhone are that you cannot open, edit, or create Word files, again because it is an Apple phone and they will not permit you use the Microsoft product.  On my Droid phone, I am able to open, create and edit Word and Excel files, then easily send them as attachments to emails.  Most other phones also have a MUCH larger screen than the iPhone.  The iPhone's screen is so small that it is quite difficult to maneuver around, and trying to type on the incredibly small keyboard is very haphazard and often results in typos.  Then to add insult to injury, the auto correct feature on the iPhone is terrible, just awful really.  I had many times sent texts out that the auto correct feature changed a word that I had typed correctly, corrected to the wrong word, and made me look stupid.  So I would quickly re-type the word and send it again, thinking that I had corrected the mistake, only to find out that it did not correct it at all and it again corrected to the wrong word, again making me look stupid, and I would try again with the same result.  No joke, the auto correct feature and the keyboard are SO BAD on the iPhone that this sometimes went on 5 times as I would fight the auto correct feature to get the right word to go out in my text, with 4 idiotic versions going out in a row.  We would of course make a joke out of it, but it is just so stupid.  It does not have to be like this and the Droid Razr Maxx that I purchased does not have this problem at all.  In fact, it has never auto-corrected a word to the wrong word and better yet, it helps you to find the correct word by giving you about 10 options of possibilities that you can click on.  This helps you to send out better texts that make you look smart, not stupid.  In addition, the Android phone that I have allows you to print out directly from the phone to your printer at home wirelessly, without need to buy one of Apple's printers.  I splurged for a Droid Razr Maxx due to the improved battery on top of everything else that I talked about.  The Droid Razr Maxx has an incredible battery that can go at least one day without ever having to recharge.  I also love using the FREE Google Maps Navigator as a GPS.  It has turn by turn instructions with satellite view, current traffic updates, and estimated time of arrival, and all for free.  This free application is better than the GPS in my car.  The traffic is more up to date and the satellite view and estimated time of arrival are incredible.  The ONLY negative I have found about the phone is that it is a bit large, which can make it slightly difficult for someone with small hands to use one hand to browse. But the large size is also what makes the browsing experience so much better.  I could tell MANY other things about what the Droid phone can do that the iPhone can't but this would go on forever.  I would highly recommend the Droid Razr Maxx if you have the money, otherwise the Droid Razr would be an excellent choice as well.  The Droid Razr Maxx is ranked number 1 by Consumer Reports and the Droid Razr is ranked number 2.  I am very happy that I purchased a Droid Razr Maxx.

Best thing out there. Amazing battery life. Latest update. Camera beats out iPhone by a lot. Wish it had the screen display of the iPhone 4+, but it's pretty darn close.

I had been an iPhone user for many years, started with 3G and on up to the 4.  Wanted something different!  Well, I got it!  The Driod Razr Maxx.  What a Pain in the rear.....I guess it's true what they say, "The Grass is Always Greener on the Other Side of the Fence"!  Only because the septic tank is there.Unfortunately, I bought my Droid on Amazon, therefore I'm stuck with it for at least 181 Days, right!I won't make that mistake again....Did I say I hated this device? Just making sure!Sincerely,Looking Forward to Dropping the Droid.....

Great phone! I dont have to worry about battery any longer. I am a heavy user but I can use all day long. Great screen and great design. Good camera for phone and even better video camera for phone. Excellent call quality (no dropping call so far) and brazing internet browsing speed using 4G LTE (even fast using 3G network). My only complaint is it has no screen shot function. But Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade will bring the function. I believe it is the best verizon smart phone at this time. Highly recommend.I also recommend to get the following Micro HDMI to HDMI cable. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003XNANU8/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00I see whatever I see on the phone screen on my HDTV using the great cable. Hard to believe it is less than 3 bucks.Both units were delivered less than 2 business days. I love Amazon.

I chose this phone because of the great reviews, but mainly because of the impressive battery life. For 6 weeks I had no problems and was very happy with this phone, until the speaker started cutting out. I looked at other complaints about this, and it did actually help to put pressure on the area just beneath the speaker on the back as suggested on other websites. Well, this worked for a short time, and I found that I had to do this several times a day. Finally, after 2 weeks of this, there is no sound at all from the speakers. If I use headphones, it's fine. The only way that I know someone is calling me is when I put the phone on vibrate-no ring tone. I lost all of my music and data, because Verizon asked my to do a factory reset, which of course didn't help to solve the problem. I didn't have insurance, but I would probably get a refurbished phone anyway, since it was past 30 days. So I've sent it in to Motorola, because it does have a warranty of 1 year. Hopefully, they will able to repair the problem which seems to be affecting many Razr Maxx owners. I'm generally happy with this phone and would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the speaker problem.

I got my Razr Maxx in May of this year (not from Amazon.com). At first I thought it was a great phone, but in October I noticed the power button would not always work to turn the phone on. I would have to push it a second time in order for it to power up. The store I bought it from replaced the phone under the insurance plan I had purchased. Then about a week and a half ago the screen froze up so I could not even turn the phone off! I had to find out how to force shut-off the phone. The phone stayed hot for 5 hours, which meant the battery drained completely. After charging all night, it seemed to work okay, but a week later it froze up again and even after charging for 6 hours, it would not turn on. I took it back again and they got me another replacement, but now the phone shows no signal, even though it was fine when I left the store, and it just keeps rebooting!I would not buy another Motorola product, after this experience. I am going to have to make another trip to the store and talk to the manager to see what, if anything, they can do for me besides give me another Droid Razr Maxx!!!!

My phone got drenched while it was in my pocket at a concert. Switching to the Droid with a new plan was much less expensive than a new iPhone. I have mixed feelings about the switch.Pros- great battery life- large, easy to see and use screen- great graphicsCons- very large and bulky- definite learning curve

After having the Samsung Galaxy Nexus for 3 days it was obvious that I made a mistake. That phone would drop data and phone service consistently throughout the day. The battery was also pretty weak...lucky to make it through the standard work day. These are the two most common complaints I read from other Galaxy users. I wish I would have read the "bad" reviews prior to upgrading.With that said, I am glad that Amazon Wireless was willing to swap the phone out for the RAZR MAXX. The call quality, reception (data and phone), and batter life are so much better! If anyone is trying to decide between the Galaxy Nexus and the RAZR MAXX don't waste your time. The RAZR is far superior. The only thing that I miss about the Samsung is Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS), which is a great OS but not if the phone itself doesn't work.When ICS makes it's way over to the RAZR MAXX at some point it will pretty much make the Galaxy Nexus obsolete.

I purchased this phone 3 months ago. The external speaker went out 5 weeks after purchasing. Amazon sent me new phone. I've had the new phone for 6 weeks and now it wont boot up or anything. Worst phone I have ever owned. Thanks to Amazon for trying to make things right.

I generally choose my words very carefully and try not to use phrases like 'worst' and 'best' unless I've actually thought about this compared to other products.  That said, I have to honestly say that this was the worst phone I've ever owned.  The battery life was as good or better than advertised, but the user experience left me frustrated and angry.The problems started a couple months after I got the phone.  It would just freeze for no reason.  The screen wouldn't register and I couldn't even turn the phone off because when you hold the power button it asks if you want to power down but you have to use the screen to confirm.  I couldn't access the battery so I can't just yank the battery to kill the power.  I'd frequently wait for several minutes until the phone would become responsive again.  (I later learned a way to hard reboot the phone that made this easier)I actually took it back to the Verizon store because I thought maybe it was a faulty device.  He gave me a replacement but within a week, it was behaving the same.I thought maybe it was an app I was running, but nothing on my phone should have caused this.  When it wasn't locking up, the lag time from the time I'd touch the screen to do something until it was done was ridiculous.  I had installed Chrome as my default browser and I wasn't able to use the Internet at all because it would load 10% of the page and then stall.  FOR EVERY PAGE!!!  I switched back to the factory browser and that helped but it was never as good as it should have been.Every action, whether going to the phone, the camera, opening a game or other app, creating a text... Every single interaction caused a significant (3-4 second lag) before the phone would respond in any way.If this were the free phone that I got with my new plan, I wouldn't complain, but this phone was billed as  one of the best new phones at the time.  Every review I had between this and the Galaxy S3 had these phones rated the same, but I can tell you that when my wife got an S3 and I could compare it, the two weren't even close in performance.I'll give credit where it's due.  The battery life was wonderful.  But this phone has turned me off of Motorola products.  Do yourself a favor.  Get an S3 or S4.

This is by far the best phone I have ever used and I have used several.  I upgraded from the D2 which I was very happy with and never had any problems with (I had rooted it and tinkered with the settings a lot and still didn't have any problems).  My wife has had the Incredible, which all 4 of them were not so incredible and then switched to the Fascinate which is even worse.  I have used Iphones, D1, Dx and X2 and even the regular razr.  I am completely impressed with the Maxx and with Motorola.  I can see that people have had issues with them but to date they are the only company that I haven't bought a bad product from.I am a moderate user and usually charge every second or third day with no problems.  I was a little concerned that it would feel too big in my pocket but it doesn't.  I hardly notice it.  I was also a little concerned about not having the sliding keyboard and strongly considered the D4 but the battery on the Maxx convinced me.  It is big enough that I can actually type on the screen if I have to but with swype built in there is not need for the slide out keyboards anymore.  The smart actions, while I really only use them at night to silence and save battery can be very useful to a power user or people that are changing settings all the time. If you are looking for a phone to use as a camera this probably isn't for you.  That is the only downside that I have discovered.  It is good enough for me and the few pictures that I take but there are better ones.I can't recommend this phone enough. I like to tinker with all my other devices (rooting, themes, roms) but I don't see myself changing anything anytime soon. Unfortunately I was unable to persuade my Mom into this phone, she went to the dark side (Iphone) but I'm sure she will be back after living in the walled garden for a while.  Get this phone.  You won't be disappointed.

I bought this phone back in March 2012. Within 1 week the phone went dead and would NOT receive a charge from any source, not an ac charger for home, dc charger for car, usb from computer, NOTHING worked! I took it back to the store where I bought it from and they replaced it with a brand new phone. I then purchased the add on battery pack, just to be on the safe side. Now it's happening again! The customer service rep was a condescending and rude. But they are supposedly sending me ANOTHER replacement. But since it's Friday, I have to wait until Monday to receive it....UNLESS... I want to pay $19.95 for a Saturday delivery. I wonder if they are going to refund me for the week I couldn't use it?This phone is very nice with all the features and it's apps and so forth. But if you can't turn it on, no amount of features and apps make it worth the high price of it. Very disappointed!

...and then it went down hill. First, the volume setting started acting crazy. Just set itself to silent/vibrate.I could have lived with that. But then the ringer sign began displaying on the screen, not letting me do anything else; couldn't send texts, play games and even during calls the little display popped up and began to vibrate.A few days later, the phone turned off, and now it won't charge.Btw,I've just entered my second billing cycle, so I haven't even had the phone for two month.And no, it didn't get wet, and I haven't dropped it.Now, if anyone has any suggestions on how to fix the issue, I'll be glad to come back and ammend my review.(I'd also be very grateful, I feel so lost without a phone)

With ICS, this phone is unbelieveble. It is fast, and I've had it for almost half a year already, and yes, it lags occasionally, but it doesn't kill you badly. The battery is phenomenal! On average it would last me from 8AM to 10 PM at night with just 20% left, unless I'm playing games. I will say though, long continous gaming makes it really hot, literally. One time my battery burned through 145 degrees Fahrenheit, so gaming wise, don't play for more than 3 hour. If you plan on using it on a long car ride, I recommend watching movies. Overall, this is an incredible phone.HOWEVER, I would wait for the Droid Razr Maxx HD if I were you;)Update: Ok, so recently I dropped it pretty badly, and I actually thought the screen broke. But... The screen is PERFECTLY ok! However, there is one thing I broke: The microphone. It no longer works now. The same day I drop the phone, hours later my brother called me and I answered, but he kept on saying "Hello?" to which I kept replying with "Hi!!". I thought maybe he was just joking with me, but later when I called someone else the same thing kept happening. I tested Google Voice, and it didn't record anything I was saying! So I figured, as I dropped my phone at about 18 ft, the screen maybe fine, but the internal parts are not. But honestly, I can tell you this: When they say Gorilla Glass is tough, they are NOT KIDDING. It truly is tough! But know this too: If you drop your phone, do realize that it can still break in the inside, but not in the out. Moral of the story: You still got to try not to drop this phone.Thank fully, I got insurance, and I will be getting a replacement soon:D

The screen cracked while in my pocket after a few weeks of ownership. Phone was in pocket and just bumped into wall while walking.  This destroyed the screen - completely spider-webbed.  There was no other trauma to the phone, this trauma was so light that the phone breaking seemed completely unreasonable, but there was some cause and effect to the breaking.Replaced phone under warranty (with Verizon $100 charge) and got a second Razr Maxx.  I can guarantee no trauma ever happened to this phone, never dropped, nothing period. Screen cracked while in hand and looking at the screen (crack appeared near the top right button that turns the screen on and off).  Maybe had the phone for 3 months. Maybe not all their screens are defective, but in my experience with this phone screams poor craftsmanship and QA. I would have to say...  DO NOT BUY! There are threads on the internet sighting that this is not an isolated problem [...]

Battery Powerhouse, Smooth, Beautiful screen, fast 4G = Beast.This phone works excellent with my Netflix and Verizon Navigation.Never would have thought I'd get my iPhone buddy to switch to Android.

Bought this phone as an upgrade for my wife,after years of service from a great Blackberry Tour 9630,problem free.Read MANY reviews on MANY phones and decided to go forward with this particular model,mainly due to battery life and screen size.Phone arrived in a timely fashion,after charging only took a few minutes to get it up and running,4G is quick,as is WiFi,3G is constant and reasonably quick. Plenty of memory on this aswell.Unsure how good gorilla glass and kevlar are and how long they will last,only time will tell as one reviewer stated phone dropped on carpet and broke,so will see.Initially the transition from a RIM phone to the Android market there was some head scratching but my wife figured it out pretty quick,she found the app for ringtones PDQ,along with others,not sure what,but I know she has loaded it up!!Nice screen size,great cameras front and back and seems reliable,its used alot for voice,text,email and Internet and the battery seems to keep pace(I know this as there have been no complaints from my good lady)...........there is also a good deal of accesories for this phone,including a plug for the headphone jack so you can attach charms(my wife likes them) if thats your thing.Also a few good leather cases/holsters that will accomodate this large phone in its PROTECTOR CASE, that was a big thing for my wife.Cant really give any technical data on this phone as I a 'challenged'with these.Sorry if this review doesnt give you much help,all I can say is it seems to be a good phone,is big,has a good sized screen and at this time,performs as expected.***Update*** still working great,found an app from mytinyphone.com download this to your phone and you can customise your ringtones,text tones etc,from a few second noise to full songs,wallpapers etc,nearly all of 100's of 1000's for free.Works well with this phone and numerous other android phones.

I'm 60 years old and finally made the jump to getting a smartphone.  If you have good basic computer skills you can have a great time with this phone.  I've had mine for about 6 months now and at times I do indeed wonder why I waited so long to get a smartphone.  I consider this phone to be very high quality and extremely durable.  About 3 months after I got it, I fell while hiking.  It was a hard enough fall that it cracked the screen (it was in my pocket screen out).  Had the phone not been in my pocket, I probably would have a broken hip instead of a bruise.  Long story short, the phone still worked!  I shipped it into Motorola and they replaced the screen and sent it back within 10 days.  I'm more careful now and have a good case to protect the phone.  We are friends for life now.  The sound quality is excellent and the camera is pretty good for snapshots.  The Android apps will change your life!  And let's face it, the world is moving to smartphones with or without us.

I've tried several Motorola phones over the years and each time have returned/exchanged them.My wife purchased the Motorola RAZR Maxx through Amazon Wireless.  I, on the other hand, upgraded to the Droid Bionic.  The original phones we were issued had large scratches on the display.  Amazon promptly sent out replacement phones.  After playing with the devices for a few days, we both were having tons of problems.  We phoned tech support and after hard resets and trouble-shooting the errors persisted.  The RAZR Maxx would drop internet connectivity constantly.  The Bionic would freeze all the time.  The most annoying thing for both devices was unlocking the phone.  The Bionic was worse, but both phones would sometimes take 5-30 seconds to unlock.  Opening apps was also troublesome as clicking the app link would again cause the phone to pause for a while.The camera on both devices was also terrible.  Even with a stationary object, images would often come out very blurry.  (Note: The HTC rezound has an amazing camera.  Takes great pictures even when the subject is moving).Motorola's devices look great but aren't designed well and have many flaws.We both exchanged our Motorola phones for the HTC Rezound and have been very pleased.  Haven't had any issues with the Rezound.HTC Rezound vs. Motorola RAZR MAXX & BionicDISPLAY: Rezound > RAZR MAXX/BionicSpeed: Rezound > RAZR MAXX/BionicFunctionality: Rezound > RAZR MAXX/BionicBattery: Rezound > RAZR MAXX/BionicDownload speeds: Rezound > RAZR MAXX/BionicOverall phone design: Rezound > RAZR MAXX/BionicMotorola hasn't made good devices since the 90s/early 2000s IMO.  If you want a phone that works well, has a brilliant display, and is fast, go for the Rezound.

This phone is the best phone available when i bought it back in Febuary. The screen, size, durabilty and battery life are all outstanding. I have only praise for the phone. Get it you will not be disappointed.

This thing is much too quirky for me.  It seems to receive email in spurts at unknown intervals and sometimes it doesn't connect with the phone number I dialed. The person called gets the ring signal but when they answer the line is silent.Save your money, I'm going back to an LG phone, the RAZR seems to be all hype.AJ

I never write reviews.  Most products that I buy meet my expectations or are underwhelming, so I have little motivation to crank out a review.I'm a heavy corporate user, and, as a personal user, I use a lot of apps, games, maps, navigation, web, email, chat, Windows Media integration, text, and, of course, the phone.  I am NOT a heavy social media user, e.g. facebook and tweeter.The RAZR MAXX was a must buy for me simply because of the battery life.  I had an HTC Incredible which I loved, but it seems absurd to have to charge a phone twice per day of moderate use.  I decided to forgo Ice Cream Sandwich which is still not out for the RAZR.The battery life exceed my initial expectations.  At first, I missed my HTC Sense interface, and especially the Scenes feature.  By comparison to Sense, Moto widgets are not as sleek and they take up more real estate to provide a comparable amount of information.  Sometimes the widgets (like Tasks) do not refresh properly.  This is a RAZR bug, I am sure.After a week of use, I feel in love.  The battery is insane.  Two days of moderate use on one charge; no problem.  Native Activesync Exchange task integration (Yes, native; no more hokey 3rd party solutions).  RAZR supports multiple Activesync Exchange accounts. And then there are Smart Actions.  I suspect that this is more of a power user feature, so many will not even discover the feature's power.  You can customize different rules so your phone performs actions automatically based on defined conditions.  For example, without intervention, my phone knows when I am in a work meeting with others (based on time of day, physical location, work calendar, and attendee list), and it will silence the ringer, send an auto-reply text to the caller stating I'm busy, UNLESS a VIP calls (e.g. boss or wife) at which point the phone rings at max volume.  My phone knows when I am settled into bed for the night and turns off BT, wifi, and silences itself.  This thing can be configured to know when your jogging or driving or on a date.  Every so often, someone invents something that is so practical, so simple, and so useful that I am blown away.  For me, Dropbox and Smart Actions deserve top props.Cons-I mentioned that sometimes my widgets do not refresh.  This is a minor annoyance.-The access panel to the SD card is a piece of junk.  Other people have written about in other reviews, so I won't elaborate.  Its a minor thing, its just a disappointing design issue.Make sure you remove the plastic off the Kevlar on the back plate after you get the phone.  There is no explicit indication that the plastic can be removed, but it is supposed to be.  This will make your phone look and feel even nicer.

Finally a long lasting battery in a 4G phone!  The phone is great by it self, awesome picture and it has a silky smooth operation.  I've had this for about a month now and its just incredible.  I was on a recent business trip where I had the phone on for over 10 hours with very heavy use including video, surfing, telephone calls, blue tooth, listening to music on the plane etc, and I got a kick out of watching so many people in the airports charging their phones.  When I finally got home I had 50% battery life without ever touching a charger. It's hard to believe it took so long for someone to make this, and what's even harder to believe is nobody else has even come close to this battery life since it was released. Great Job Motrola!

My previous phone was HTC Incredible, and that it was.The camera on the Razr Maxx, blah. IF, and I mean if, you can get a picture that isn't blurry then you will get a pretty good photo.  I have several camera apps I use but if your hardware is substandard, then your photos will always be substandard.  For the cost of this phone, they could've done better.  A lot better.  No excuse with the technology today.  I am not saying it should shoot like a DSLR, but come on.The battery life, I thought was pretty good.  Check to see what else might be draining your battery, if you are not lasting long.  I use my phone for everything (camera, lists, games, calendar, reading my kindle stuff, texting, voice recording, surfing the net and navigation) and get pretty good battery life.  It does take FOREVER to charge 4-5 hours ridiculous!My problem is constant home screen lag.  What a pain in the @$$.  Open the phone and takes several seconds for the icons to come up.  I have tried several things as suggested by various users and sites including not using live wall papers, managing home screen app and deleting data with  NO improvement.  My icons are just calendar, 3 direct dial contacts, tasks and Dolphin browser.  None are widgets.  This is unacceptable.Speaker is horrible.  But, not with speakerphone, in my experience.  I can have a convo and the other party can't tell I am on speakerphone (more of a mic thing, I guess) but I can hear them pretty well, too. Watching videos (HBO Go and Netflix) and listening to Pandora is crappy experience with sound on the Maxx.  I feel like am listening to mono tape deck from the 80's.  I have tried using equalizer apps, but it doesn't improve.  Again, if the hardware is substandard,  you will get a substandard experience.  Great if I use external speakers, so it's def the phone.What I do like is the battery life, speakerphone, clarity of the screen, (Very good!),  amount of memory, HDMI port... hmmmm that's about it.I will be going back to HTC on my next phone purchase.  I had the iphone 4S, and although I loved Siri and the camera, everything else was not for me like paying for apps that were free on Android and no home screen customization, no voice nav unless you paid for subpar app, google integration not as smooth as with android and my life is completely googlized.  I should buy stock.  I love my Mac... iphone, not so much.

Like any new phone with a new OS, there's a learning curve. I've been on Android for four years, and I love it, and ICS is new to me with this phone. It's made some interesting, unexpected improvements over Gingerbread. But it's still Android, and performs as such (ie, well).This review is basically about the battery. Which is insane.My last phone was a Droid X running Gingerbread. Most days I didn't need to charge my phone until I went to bed at night, but I definitely needed to charge at night. Some days I'd come home from work and my battery would be just about dead (and die before I charged it at bedtime). Some days, if I was really hammering at it, I would need to charge during the day. This had become normal for me, and was only rarely a problem.The Maxx? I mean, I use it a lot, but I can't seem to kill the battery. One night, shortly after I got it, it was down to 30 or 40 percent when I was going to bed, so I played a graphics heavy game for a while, trying to kill it. After an hour of play, I backed out of the game to check my power level-- I had barely done any damage at all. Perhaps I should have tried downloading something at the same time.Yesterday I didn't use it much-- and I had it plugged in while I was using the navigation-- and 12 hours after leaving the house I was still at 100%. Any other phone I've had would have dropped some power in the interim, from processes and whatnot, but not this.Why all phones can't do this yet is beyond me. But this is magical, and now I look at other people's Android powered phones that are down to 20% battery at the end of the day and mock them with my 60%.

I had the original Motorola droid from day one and loved, loved it.  Obviously, when it came time to upgrade I knew Motorola droid would be my only choice.  What a disaster!  I purchased this in September.  Purchased 2 phones.  Was having problems from the get go.  Some with Verizon, not fault of the phone, but mostly with the phone.  First, one of the phones sold by AMAZON was clearly used before since it came all ready with no need to install nothing, really.  This phone lasted until a week ago (literally only 3 months from activation) when it started beeping in my year, then froze and now it is dead.  So, Amazon lied by selling a used phone as new which lasted 3 months.  The other phone which at least looked new since you needed to install everything from scratch, had freezing trouble from the get go.  So, is it the phone or is it Amazon wireless selling used phone as new?  I don't know but obviously, these phones are a loss.  Be careful what you buy at Amazon Wireless

I got this phone when it was released. Two months later the MAXX comes out that addresses the battery issue this one has which is short battery life. Two months? really?Anyways I have some serious issues with this phone, right now the biggest is the memory card cover. It is a simple flip down latch with no actual hinge just flexible plastic. The problem is it likes to pop open and your cards come lose and there goes your phone connection. You have to be careful putting it back together or it might wear out the tiny notch that holds it in place.Another is it likes to lock up where the screen does not respond. Takes a while and eventually will crash and reboot. Happens to me maybe once per week. Already tried factory resets, reboots, etc. it just happens.

I bought the origian Droid razr 3 weeks ago.  great phone, no complaints.  you know what you are getting with the android OS.  no motoblur (as far as i can tell) to hog down your system; some apps which are un-installable but nothing atrocious. hardware feels very study, specs speak for themselves; no lag during screen changes, immediate responses to button presses;  havent had it freeze on meonly gripe was original version was battery life.  this Maxx fixes this and is as far as i can tell teh best true LTE device on teh market after talking to friends; they are always carrying cables / external batteries with them.  no thank you.lastly, a BIG BIG A+ to amazonwireless as a whole.  customer service in swapping the old for the Maxx was as smooth as can be.  would absolutely do business again.

RAZR MAXX was a great phone with battery life of 2 days before charging at 40%.Upgraded? to Ice Cream Sandwich and battery is down 80% after 5hr lite use.Motorola tech svcs suggested it was some apps using most power. Stoppedeverything I could that was running and changed display settings with verylittle change. Suggest everyone wait for Motorola updated ICS before buyingor root and install Gingerbread ver.(voids warrenty) or find a RAZR MAXX thathasn't been upgraded? to ICS.

When I re-upped with Verizon, I chose this phone over the HTC Rezound.  What a mistake.  My previous phone was an HTC Incredible and I loved that phone.  It was a 3G phone, so I wanted to upgrade to a 4G.  The Verizon rep really talked up the RAZR Maxx.  Perhaps they are told to do so.  Not sure why.  The phone locks up all of the time and the speaker is horrible.  I'm seriously considering selling this phone and buying a HTC phone again.

Ok, I gave this three stars before, but now I am giving it 1.  Why?  Because it STINKS that's why.  I replaced on phone with bad video and overheating issues.  The replacement did not help at all.  It still overheats and the BATTERY is a complete joke.  I drove for an hour long trip with google maps guiding me while Jango played along the way.  The phone was plugged into the charger the whole time---and guess what?  Those two apps drained the battery faster than it charged.  On the return trip, it turned off due to lack of power as soon as I unplugged it.  If I had gone even 15 minutes longer, the phone would have shut down while plugged in and would have got me lost.  Also it's been randomly shutting down on me for no apparent reason.  If you're going to spend $700 on a phone (which is what I paid) look at other phones first.  UGH!  Im not doing anything abnormal with my phone, right?  Music and maps.  This is enough to kill it?  PSSH!!

I have had this phone for sometime and I feel confident to say that this phone is very good at most tasks. The reason I considered this one before anything else was the huge battery that comes with the maxx.  NO PHONE IS PERFECT.  In my case a powerful battery is very important because with a weak battery not even the most advanced phone is gonna work for a long period of time compared to an average phone. I do not have to think too much about charging it everyday or to close programs, turn off wifi,gps,bluetooth, etc. I no longer have to deal with task killers,battery savers or anything all the time.GPS is awesome, it takes 1 or 2 seconds to lock in, I previously had a motorola droid X and was happy with the performance overall but the maxx excels it. The camera is not the best but is not the worst either, all I had to do was get a camera app from google play and now the pictures look better. I have upgraded to ICS and my phone has no bugs, screen is very good it looks nice, I am sure some other phones may have a better screen but the difference is small that some of you would not notice anyway.If I wanted to have a nicer screen I  would have gone with a galaxy samsung but then I would not have the stellar battery, accurate and fast GPS, good reception and solid construction of this device because I do not feel is gonna break easily. I am very happy with the maxx that already upgraded another line with a second maxx (family plan 3 lines)If beautiful screen and incredible camera for taking pictures is a must for you then galaxy samsung could be your choice. I hope you choose the one phone that is perfect for your needs in the same way that razr maxx is perfect for me.

I've just left a Galaxy Nexus and had a Droid X before that plus iPhones. The Razr Maxx is absolutely the best phone I've ever owned. There's a lot that's not stated in the specs. Of course it has an amazing battery but it's not just the battery. Motorola has tweaked the phone so that it uses less juice. I installed a 3800mah extended battery in the Nexus and it still didn't last half as long as the Razr Maxx so it's not just the battery size, it's the tweaks to the phone so that it consumes less power while performing better. Everyone knows about the battery but there are a couple of other big plusses.The second big plus (in addition to the long lasting battery) is the reception. In the same spot, the Razr Maxx sounds clear whereas the Nexus either drops the call or is choppy. I've verified this in several places. The Razr Maxx's reception ability is miles beyond any other phone. It's worth it just to keep from sounding bad and dropping calls. BIG plus but it's under reported.The third thing are the Smart Actions that are built-in. They replace an app called Timeriffic but they work better without jamming the phone. You can set your phone to turn on wifi at a preset location, turn off the ringer at preset times, etc. I have regular meetings and church so now my phone goes into vibrate mode at those times without me having to remember to set it. I usually wanted vanilla android but not any more. I like the Motorola skin and tweaks much better and I've had no jams whereas vanilla seemed less stable on the Nexus.It's waterproof. There's a youtube video that shows the Maxx immersed in a bathtub for 20 seconds with NO damage. Now I don't worry about being caught in the rain while jogging. Scratch proof glass, tough phone, super reception, unreal battery endurance, great tweaks. etc.PLUS it's got GSM capability built-in so when I travel out of the U.S. my phone works on the world GSM networks. My brother has a Maxx also and both of us have owned the high tech phones since the Treos. We've never been this giddy with a phone. Rarely are we over pleased but the Razr Maxx has gone way beyond our expectations and the hype. You won't regret this phone. Ever!If I could give it over five stars I would make this a ten star review and rating.

Due to service quality & customer servce issues I was having with Sprint, I sold my Motorola Photon 4G and moved to Verizon Wireless.  So far so Good!Motorola Razr Maxx------------------I was tired of poor to mediocre battery life that has become the norm for most Android phones, so I deciced to pay a little extra and get the Razr Maxx.  As a business user who travels often, I have come to appreciate the "Extra Juice" they put into this device!Pros:-----+ Build quality is rock solid - This is probably due in part that, like Apple, Motorola chose to lock the battery in the deivce. Weight and size feel great+++ Gorilla Glass and Kevlar back are a nice combination!+ Battery Life (Yes it's for real, and it is awsome!.  This device holds its own and even surpasses the Iphone in batery life (both standby and talk time)+ Much improved screen (Super AMOLED + has crystal clear text and solid blacks, overall great contrast level)+ Learning to apprecaite the simple things (i.e. how screen goes dark when you put next to your ear and turns back on when you move it away)+ OS is smooth and fast.  I have never been a big fan of Motoblur, but it is zippy and works well.  Menus are easy to navigate and customize.+ Sound quality, both talking and speaker itself is very good.  There was a noticable improvement from my Photon 4G from Sprint+ Upgradable to Ice Cream Sandwitch (This will be happening very soon)  Great that Google owns Motorola's wireless division, should make for quick OS updates+ Signal Strength is very good both for voice and data+ Speakerphone is excellentWhile this phone has a lot of fetures that make it highly recommended, there are some things I think it can improveCons:------ Appearence is fairly generic Android, not that necessarily is a bad thing- Screen quality while great, is not in the same league as the Galaxy Nexus, both in resolution and color saturation.  I would have liked a true HD display- Not a big fan of the tray door that holds the Sim & Memory card.  I had to reinstall the 16GB memory card when I recieved the phone because it did not find it at first- Motoblur (or whatever they call it now) still is behind the curve compared to HTC Sense(In My Opinion)- Camera is very good, but colors seem slightly muted.Overall, I feel that Motorola has delivered a near perfect phone for both the business and personal user.  I personally apprecaite the battery life which I definitly feel is worth the extra investment over the standard Razr.

If you need a good phone that happens to also be smart then stay away from the RazrMaxx. I have major issues with the poor volume of the speaker. It is unusable in normal phone mode, and not much better in speakerphone mode. Working outside around running equipment? Forget hearing this phone ring. My previous phone was a Motorola i580 and I had no problems with it as a phone. I took this one back to Verizon trying to get something done about the poor speaker volume, and they showed me 2 display Razrs that were just as bad. Said "All the Razrs are like that". I have problems with dropped calls, and poor audio quality, lots of scratches and pops. Reminds me of an old phonograph playing a dust covered record.As a handheld computer it is fine, but I need a good phone first,and CPU power is secondary to me.It arrived with ICS, so I can't say if it was better with GB or not.Bottom line..... It sucks as a phone!

Started with the OG Droid; kept until I upgraded to a 4G LTE phone last summer.  My choices at the time were the Thunderbolt, the Charge or the LG Revolution.  I went with the Rev, for several reasons.  However, it was not a popular phone and seemed like the support disappeared very quickly.  4G is unbelievable.  However, with time the phone seemed to become slower and slower and multiple issues that started small became very, very annoying.  I decided to go ahead and pay for a non-contract phone as I hated the Rev so much.  I was going to wait until the summer phones came out, but the LG forced my hand when it decided to stop charging no matter which cord I used.  So, went to Verizon and grabbed the Razr Maxx.  I know it will be getting ICS soon and the longer battery life was very attractive.  I ended up signing up for Verizon's landline service which enabled me to pay the $199.  And by some miracle, I turned in the LG and got back half the price I'd paid originally.  I probably should have bought a lottery ticket right after that, but I was too busy playing with my new phone.Things I love:  battery life; it's so fast; I'm back to Motorola, which is what I started with and am very familiar with; beautiful screen; it's actually smaller (thinner and lighter) than the LG Rev; boots way faster and powers on and off very quickly; have yet to find an app that it has trouble with (even some that wouldn't run correctly on LG Rev, even though they both have Gingerbread 2.3.6); I got to keep my unrestricted data plan; call clarity is actually better then the LG; camera is very fastSmall cons: power button on side; LG had nice attached coverings for the power port, the usb port, etc if you weren't using them; even though thinner, it can be more awkward to hold-I do not have a cover on it, so this would probably fix that issue.Overall, I'm very happy.  I've not used a phone with ICS, so I don't feel like I'm missing anything.  There are very few things I don't like about the phone.  It's only been a week, so I may come up with more pros/cons with further use, but I do know it is such a relief to be rid of the Rev and a real pleasure to use a phone that is fast and does what I want it to do.  I'm excited about my phone again, which is a nice feeling!

Like many others, I too have had a mysterious break in my screen. It was fine, I put it in my pocket (not back jeans pocket, not tight pants) and ten minutes later I took it out and the screen was broken. Until Motorola addresses this problem, don't buy this phone or else be sure to get insurance that covers physical damage.

After stressing over getting a Galaxy Nexus for a few months, the Verizon Buy 1 Get 1 Free promotion (plus an additional $30 upgrade credit), prompted me and my wife to get a pair of RAZR Maxx phones, and I have to say, I'm very happy I did.Sure, it doesn't have Ice Cream Sandwich yet, and has a slightly smaller and lower resolution screen than the Nexus, but the Maxx makes up for it with an excellently built piece of hardware, and battery life that lasts, depending on my usage, over 2 days.  Amazing!  It takes the stress out of worrying about running out of battery, which makes using the phone a complete pleasure.  I keep 4G on, let everything sync more often, don't worry that GPS is going to drain my battery, etc.

The only reason I'm not giving this phone a 5 star review is because I don't think there is a single phone in existence that is worthy of 5 stars.  That said, this is the best smart phone I've owned--this is my third one-and I'm comparing it to a Blackberry and a Palm Pre.  The Palm Pre was absolute garbage.The battery life on this phone is amazing--I can browse the internet, send e-mails and watch some streaming netflix and it hardly put a dent in the battery drain.  Compared to my other phones, this is fabulous.Movies load quickly, so do web pages.  I can take a picture, e-mail, make a call with no problems so far.  The only issue is some apps that crash when opening--but I'll blame those on the app creator, not the phone--since the same thing happens on my ipad.The things I don't like:  I have never liked on-screen keyboards--I make more typos writing e-mails on this phone because of the small keyboard than I did on my BB or Pre because those had 'real' keypads.  I also feel like the phone is just a little too large--I guess I got used to my small Pre that I could open and check my email with one handed.  Just a small convenience I miss.

We bought 2 of Razr Maxx 4 months ago. 2nd month of usage, my phone dropped out of my pocket, fell about 2 1/2 feet and screen was shattered in multiple places. Last night my wife's phone was sitting on the charger, this morning we saw screen was shattered for no apparent reason.This phone has structural rigidity issues. It is flimsy and built to look thin without regards for structural integrity of the phone. Any lateral force can contort the phone and put lots of strain on the LCD panel and cause it to fail/shatter.I have owned many smart phones over the years. I even shattered iPhone 3gs screen. But that took multiple drops and 2+ years of heavy use. I feel like I've been duped by Motorola and this is poor engineering from Motorola. I have lost confidence in Motorola's ability to design high quality products that can standout against the time.Currently it takes about $200 to fix the obvious design flaws. My suggestion to Motorola to release cheap screen replacement kits and please stop making profit on your inept phone designs.

I have had smart phones since the start of windows mobile Samsung I730 and use them hard. have carried extra batteries as a habit got a Razr I think there was something wrong with it would go dead in just a few hours of light use. and a warning don't over estimate the strength of Razr  i sat on my Razr on a steel chair  thanks Five Guys and broke the screen. so when i got a new in box Razr sold it and bought a maxx I get 12 hours out of the battery with use. and i find if you regularly charge during the day it shortens you battery life. but the new razr woke up dead in a short time I don't have good luck but amazon is great and sending me one next day luckily i still have the broken screen one  and the battery works better after i wiped it to send back.

I have had my Razor for a little over a week now, I had a Nexus phone that had many issues. I live in the DFW area and I travel alot so I need a reliable phone, having said that here is why I like the Razor Maxx. The Brand new Nexus phone kept loosing signal, it didn't matter if I was moving or not; The Razor Maxx show 3 to 4 bars constantly and hasn't dropped the signal once. The Nexus ate the battery at an alarming rate, the Razor Maxx will take you to a place you have never been, I went two days without charging an android smart phone. I even tried streaming a movie to see what would happen to the battery, It drained 30%.  Just to be fair the Nexus and the Razor both have beautifull screen, Now listen to this (The speaker on the Nexus is crap), The Razor speaker is excellent and powerful. When I used the bluetooth link with the Nexus there was a high pitch shrill soud, no such sound with the Razor.  The razor looks and feels Like a quality piece of equipment. The Razor has an HDMI out that works great. I am so pleased with the look, the feel, and the speed, and so far the reliabilty of the connection. You will not be disapointed!P.S. The Nexus phone pretty much stayed in 3g mode as I drove around Dallas the Razor Maxx stays in 4g most of the time, Same city diffent performance HUM!

this is a good phone but not perfect like other people say/pretendthe battery life is not that good. i charge everydaytoo many useless bloatware/apps which you cant uninstall or delete and you never useloss of connection which happens many times. this is most serious problemproblems with listening to music through USB in car. i never have any problems with original droid

As a former road warrior, I have a good idea of what a phone will take.  My latest, a Blackberry 8830, has been physically abused over thousands of miles of travel across three continents.  It's been jostled, dropped, trapped between items, dumped into dirty water, and generally beaten up.  It has some nicks, but not the first chip in the glass.  I finally bought the Droid Razr Maxx because I had worn out buttons on the Blackberry and the charging port was losing connectivity.My new Razr Maxx suffered a drop of 24 inches, and got a crack on the edge of the screen.  It was not a slam or a drop with an arc -- it was a simple drop to the floor.  Verdict:  Motorola does not make them nearly as well as Blackberry used to.

if i had waited a little longer to upgrade i could have gotten this phone free at best buy.... why do i always have the worst luck.i have had a ton of fun playing games without any issues on my new maxx. i upgraded from a very outdated droid x and i can feel the difference. no matter how fast i use my phone it is very responsive and doesnt freeze.

Bought the Razr Maxx from Amazon in April, 2012. I expect the battery life is good, but charge it every night by habit so have never seen less than 60%. Phone calls are clear and reliable.I have had some issues with the phone:1. Three times now it has locked up with soft and hard resets (power plus volume and other buttons) not sufficient to reboot. The trick seems to be to wait at least an hour and then try resets. Twice I've had to restore to factory settings and then re-install apps, etc. One of those times Verizon took me through an arcane series of holding buttons trying to reach a boot loader menu. Even that took several tries.2. The default naming for internal and external flash memory is too similar.3. I do not receive software updates pushed from Verizon. When I check manually I have to be on 3G to check, then activate WiFi to download. Installing the ICS (4.0) update required restoring factory defaults. Not sure how much of this is the phone hardware and how much Motorola/Verizon.4. ICS feels much slower than earlier versions. Especially when trying to enter the security unlock code.

This phone comes w/ an appstore which you must use to find all the fundamental things you would expect from a smart phone.  You have to add times, stopwatches, notepads, etc.The support from motorola is non-existent.  If you want any support should anything fail, go w/ a customer focused company.  HTC backed up their product, friends say Samsung does.There are much better alternatives-  stay away.

First let me state that I have owned this phone for 4 months.  I was hesitant to own another Motorola phone as my first droid (with slide out keyboard) crashed way too often.  I have not had that problem with this phone.  It is very stable.Second, I updated the phone to Ice Cream Sandwich (the latest operating system) and I really like the look and how it operates.  I have not had any problems with battery life.  I can get a full day - literally 8 hours with the phone and screen on without any problems.  Under heavy use you can still go at least a day and a half between charges.I have never had an issue with the glass.  Not sure what others are saying.  The phone after 4 months in my pocket with keys and change doesn't have a scratch on it. Love the gorilla glass.Does the phone get warm when the screen is on and it is doing heavy processing - yes.  But its a lot less heat than my laptop and I have had no issues with over heating.  And its been 100 degrees F outside half the summer.The only issue I may bring up is that the phone takes a long time to charge.  But that makes sense, because it holds that charge for longer than anything on the market.  I love the phone, love the features, and would buy it again.p.s. The turn by turn voice navigation is awesome - I am never lost in a new city.  You wont hear that from an Iphone user.

2-19-12 Constant problems with this phone, even with the 2.3.6 update. Has major problems with connecting via wifi. And been in contact with Verizon 4 times on this issue. They told me the 2.3.6 update would take care of this issue.  Will connect for maybe 5 min and than nothing. I am so sick of Verizon's customer service, every time I call I get a different answer to the problems. If it wasn't a corporate account I would be gone!!! 31 programs of bloatware! Smart Actions don't work as advertised. Skype has major problems on this phone so far even with the current 2.3.6 and the current Skype update. The clarity of the screen on any new Android phone is not nearly as clear as the Iphones since the Iphone 4. Check for your self, pull up the exact video on YouTube and compare. Colors bleed on any Android and just not crisp like Iphone.The good things on the phone are the fast 4G speeds and the phone has good battery life on 4G compared to other vs other 4G compatible phones. And the speed of the phone good. The touch screen doesn't seem to lag often. I a curious to see how long it will be like this.LOOKING FORWARD TO ICE CREAM SANDWICH UPDATE!!!

When I first got this phone I was amazed.  Great battery life, smooth and quick.Over time I noticed some things.First, the back does not seem to be secured properly.  When you press on it you can tell that it is not fully secured.Second, after a year with the phone, I find that mine is really choppy and it lags.  Did not happen all the time but some times.  So, I did a hard reset and only add minimal apps back on the phone (after talking with Verizon - who never seems to take responsibility or accept that the phone could be faulty) and the issue still remains.Lastly, my data signal is all over the place.  It will drop down to 3g then back up to 4g then to no coverage at all - I'm forced to reboot it.  Very Frustrating.Wish I would have gone with a Samsung SIII

There are so many negatives it is easier to tell you to look at the support page at [...] . The worst part is the gorilla glass issues. Neither verizon or motorola are willing to acknowledge the issues with the glass breaking (google it). This can happen for no reasonable reason as you will find and the repair is expensive. No verizon and motorola do not cover it even when it happens in less than 24 hours after receiving the phone. If you never take your cell phone with you when you leave the house this might be the phone for you.

I crashed my Harley at 110 mph and for a 100 yards slide on the face of the phone,ground off the case clipped on my pocket,so right on the Glass,saved a lot of skin,unbelievable the phone rang can you believe after that

I upgraded from a Droid X which I already considered a great phone, and all I can say is wow!  The screen is crisp and bright, speaker if nice and loud, and packed with great features.  I drive semi, so I use my phone to watch Netflix. The mirror mode is great.  I hook it up to my 32" led TV in the truck, and I have three must unbelievably vivid picture streaming over 4g.  I used to need a special app that was cumbersome to use, but no more.I also was asked to purchase an app for $15 giving me unlimited hotspot for my motorola Xoom or laptop. This beats paying $20/mo for only 2gb.  Of course, if you aren't grandfathered on Verizons unlimited plan, this isn't important to you.The new ice cream sandwich o.s. Is wonderful also. Has a great camera front and rear with excellent features. There is so much to discover on this phone, it may take a year or more to find its full potential.  Of course, its slim design rocks, and the battery life is stellar!

Ever worry about your phone not making it through the day? No more! This phone is usually at 60-70% battery at the end of my day, where as both of my previous phones would be borderline dead. I'm done limiting use of my phone and turning on wifi to save battery during the day!Besides the obvious awesome battery life perk it's a good looking phone that feels good in my hand and has plenty of processing power to spare. It took little while to get used to but I now have no problem palming it and typing on it is simple. The carbon fiber is a nice touch and the front of the phone is pleasing to look it, it is also quite light despite its size.Over all I am very pleased with this phone, the build quality and form of the phone is top notch and I actually like motoblur.

Maybe my expectations for this phone were too high, but it has given me nothing but problems.  The battery is definitely better than any other 4G phone, but not as good as I thought it would be.  It still requires a nightly charge even after only light use.  It has a beautiful screen, and that is where my compliments end.  The phone can be very unresponsive, is prone to freezing up, and it randomly shuts itself off and back on for no reason.  It has a lot of connectivity issues, when it switches from 4G to 3G, it makes it impossible to use the phone for about 30 seconds to a minute, so I find myself using only 3g unless I am in a direct line of sight of the tower.  The screen randomly turns black while I am browsing the internet, requiring the home button to be pushed to bring the screen back up.  Also, there is no dedicated camera button on the device, which wouldn't be a problem if the touch screen wasn't so unresponsive at times.  Not to mention there are so many issues with Android spamming phones now.  My iPod touch will replace this phone along with a cheap flip phone until the iPhone 5 comes out, unless they don't make the screen bigger.

Just got one of these things to replace an AT&T; phone (Captivate) where the contract was close to expiring.*WOW*The phone charged from 30% to 90% in just over 2.25 hours (full recharge time is said to be 2.5~3.5 hours).  That's REALLY good given how massive this battery is...The battery is big, but not much bulk is not added.  And given how smartphones were a decade ago, yet for such tiny screens in return, I have no complaints on the form factor and the battery within at all.Also, every time I bought a 3rd party battery, it died within 6 months.  So the need to have a spare battery is eliminated by this device, and I don't need to trust the quality of third party replacements. So the need to worry that this battery cannot be replaced by me is a non-issue.4.3" Super AMOLED screen is really nice.  The Captivate's screen isn't as saturated, but was slightly better in presenting darker colors (or maybe the gamut was limited and it elevated darker hues, resulting in an inaccurate appearance). This is a VERY minor nitpick, as only one game (Osmos) has a dark background where minute detail is no longer as visible, but for every other game there are no issues that shroud darker elements, and every other game looks FAR BETTER under the RAZR MAXX, thanks to the color gamut and darker hues.The 960x540 resolution on the RAZR takes a moment to get used to (most models have 800x480), but it makes life easier for browsing and, again, the 4.3" screen size makes typing easier.  (the PPI to the RAZR is 256, whereas the Captivate's was 216 - neither is as densely packed as a certain phone from a fruit vendor (300DPI), but I've no complaints on screen quality.)FAST.  This phone is FAST.  No doubt other phones might be faster (e.g. those with the Exynos processor), but this one is no slouch.  Every game and app I've worked on feel more responsive, especially Osmos (which I didn't expect to run better, but it did).FEEL/SIZE:  With case protector (Otterbox) on both devices, the RAZR MAXX is almost as thick as the Captivate, but taller.  And just slightly wider.  It weighs more, but the feel of the MAXX feels more solid and well-built.Actually, I do have a gripe:It has 16GB internal flash RAM and also includes a 16GB MicroSD card.  It would have been ideal if a second MicroSD slot existed, which would really bring out the full potential of this phone.Definitely 5 stars - there's nothing that's really detractable, not even the nitpicks.  The fastest data connectivity sweetens the pot (YMMV, I chose Verizon), and reports on how it's impossible to drain this thing down in one day with moderate/heavy use are truly impressive.

I went from the Droid Global 2 (slide out keyboard) to the Razr Maxx after dropping my Global 2 in water for the second time. The new operating system is super smooth and has lots of little improvements, which I find to be intuitive.  Given the reviews on the screen breaking, and the speakers going out, I went with warranty through Costco which includes everything (even liquid) short of losing your phone.  It's $100 for 2 years, with a $25 deductible each time you break your phone.

I was not that impressed with the droid razr maxx. I have had plenty of android phones and this one really doesn't separate itself from the rest. So, I am returning the phone to Amazon and exchanging for the GS3. Can't wait but expectations are not high on this phone. But the real reason I am writing this review is this. While preparing the phone for return and speaking with a verizon rep, the phone froze. Held the power button down, nothing. Let the phone set for a while, nothing! Never dropped it, bought a protective case as soon as i got the phone. Very dissappointed. But whats worse is that if the battery was the issue, you know how many loops you would have to go through because this phone does not have removable battery! Can't say for sure what the issues is but I have no power to the phone. But anyway, I am receiving the GS3 and we'll see if this will be better. By the way, I had the phone since July 5,2012. Couldn't even get out of July before something messed up. This review isn't to steer anyone away from the phone, but keep in mind that if you have any power, software, battery issues, you can't resolve those issues anymore by removing the battery. I will not buy another phone with the option of removing the batter.

Upgraded from Droid X.  Obviously the draw here is the battery life.  Lasts two solid days with normal use and corporate email syncing constantly.  It is a striking piece of equipment, love the feel of it (although it is a bit slick).  Thin enough to not notice it in the pocket although it is a very large phone.  Navigating the phone is speedy with no lag whatsoever that I have seen.Cons:  Not thrilled about the placement of the ports on the top of the phone; makes it difficult/awkward to talk while the phone is charging.  To charge it fully takes 3-4 hours in my experience, as would be expected with such an enormous battery.

This PDA has many failings-It is not very intuitive to use and is a real hassle to set up. Many of the features do not translate across all the interfaces, for example, if you want to enlarge the text on an email, no problem, but you cannot do the same on internet content. The glass is very fragile and will break very easily. The sound jack will fail within 3 months with only moderate usage- I am now on my 5th model in the last year- yes, buy the insurance. It will lose your settings and you have to reset them on occasion- what's up with that? It will occasionally butt dial as the glass will not lock out even when the phone active mode is shut off. The battery life is nothing special and as time goes on it will get shorter and shorter even after a full 100% charge. It is slow..... Does not seem to work any faster on the internet connection than the usual 3G. It seldom can find a 4G connection and if it does it usually is only one or two bars making it useless as far as fast connections go. It will drop calls even in major metropolitan areas out in the open- go figure, must be that crummy Verizon tower coverage. Sound quality is poor when used as a phone or speaker and people at the other end have trouble hearing you too. Also, everytime I get a new one I lose some information from my transferred Sim card. So, I am stuck with it until my contract is up.

Wherever I go, the Droid Razr Maxx has a hard time showing webpages. This includes over 3G, 4G, and Wifi. I've tried everything. I noticed poor reception in my house, probably because my wireless router was downstairs and I'm usually upstairs. I installed a new wireless access point upstairs, and the Wifi connection now works great -- as long as I'm in the same room as the router. As soon as I go into the bedroom, which is the next room, I have trouble connecting to web pages, unless I hold my phone a certain way. This is clearly unacceptable.But it's not limited to Wifi. If I'm out and about, I get poor data connections. I see "Web page not available" at least once a day. Mind you, I'm not out in the sticks; this happens when I'm in downtown Seattle. In the middle of a major city, I have trouble getting a data connection. This is also unacceptable. Typically, I can get a data connection again by completely restarting the phone. This does not make for an ideal browsing experience.The phone does have some positive qualities. The interface is snappy, the camera is an upgrade over my old phone's, and when I do have a data connection, I can browse with ease. But if I take one wrong step, I'm suddenly without Internet access. The negative qualities of this phone far outweigh the positive ones.

My phone has worked great for nearly 10 months now! Frozen only twice in that time. Dropped multiple times and still works like a charm. Video and pictures still work great. Super fast, Kingdom Conquest is smooth.

Its 2012,.. and I am slowly getting caught up with technology.Now here's the thing, technology inventions are created to make our lives more simple and supposedly easier. But what usually happens is they end up with a big price tag which in most cases was not the original intent. Cable television was great when it first came out prices were low mtv was music videos, then greed stepped in. The same goes for internet and cell phones. Ever wonder why some companies can undercut the major service providers, and yes there quality of service may be a lil less then the major providers...but even with their low cost there still pulling in large revenue or they wouldn't be doing it. Up until last month my bill was $70 which I know is modest, I had Motorola razr v3r with a pretty basic plan 900 mins and $5 for 200 txts. It had what I wanted mp3 player and sd card storage. Last month the display began to fail due to normal wear and tear, I had it for about five years and only dropped it about 4 times and lost it only once ;-) Now with technology in mind I always connected my computer to my tv to use as a monitor and my tv to my computer to use as a dvr. And with my motorola razor dying it was time to get a new phone. I always thought the iphones were pretty cool, too cool actually so I avoided them like the plague because I knew I would be killing the battery constantly and always looking for a charge.Amazingly enough, yes amazingly right when my razor died motorola released its second droid razor, I didn't even know there was a first. This second droid razor is a maxx. And it has just what I need a double size battery, so its pretty cool to have 50 percent power which is actually equivalent to yes, you guessed it,...100 percent power.What I really like about it, and there are so many things but, it has an hdmi out port so I can plug it into my tv, I can plug into my computer and that is awesome! And if I want I can use it as a wifi hotspot. My big whole fatty blah blah point is,.. I just switched to geico ;-) really though my point is this,... no more cable bill, no more internet bill, it's 2012lve. Hmm,..let's see cable w/internet$100 + celly $70 multi by 12 equals $2040.00 considering that my phone plans more than adequate at $100 dollars a month if I do have an occasional overage $125 I'm still ahead of the game. Of course there were some incidentals involved such as, a hd antenna which get me 25 channels and also some additional hdmi cables. Its 2012 And staying with the flow of technology life can be a little easier and less expensive as long as you are willing to put a little time into it.

I was very hesitant to move away from my Berry.  Only experience I had with android was with my rooted Nook and I didn't want to deal with that when I'm rushing to get things done while on the road.  I depend on my calendar and email to know where and when I'm meeting my next client.  My berry never failed me but the company went android and so did I.I selected this Maxxx because of the promise of a long battery and processor speed.  I got that and much more.  Its fast, feels solid in my hand.  There is an app for everything I can think off.  It took a while to figure out how sync with outlook without losing control of my own phone (having to use a pin to wake up the phone was a real pain in the @ ) but my IT guy figured out what needed to be changed on the server and I was free from that hassle.  After that first inconvenience, owning this fun has been painless and a good choice.I have no problem with battery life even after a full day of work that includes emails, txt, calls, GPS and Google maps to go places.  I use the camera during home visits and to scan documents for.the client files while on location.  Nice to do all that without recharging and still have plenty of juice to Map my Ride  after work or play my Pandora stations.There is only one little annoyance and it is with having to push the ON button to wake up the phone.  A tad annoying in special while driving but heck... I shouldn't be driving and messing with the phone so... nvm.I loved my berry but this Maxxx is really a very good buy and I'm now a happy droid user.  There is an app for everything!!!

I've had this phone for about a week.  The phone itself is great.  Much more responsive than the Droid Pro it replaced.  Was concerned about giving up the physical keyboard but the virtual keyboard provides good tactile feedback.  Just takes a little getting used to it.  I was very concerned about not having a swappable battery.  The Droid Pro wouldn't last the full business day on a charge and it would only last hours if you used the WiFi hotspot.  You had to carry a spare battery to get thru the day.  The Razr Maxx is great for battery life.  It's still at 60% charge at the end of the day.  The hotspot doesn't drain the battery nearly as quickly.  I can still get thru the day using the hotspot for several hours.The only negative seems to be the battery meter itself.  At 40% drained, it has barely moved at looks to be at 80-90%.  If you go to the battery level in settings you see its at 60%.  A free app on the home screen solves the issue for me.

i tested this running a 9 hour you tube video. it still left me with 10 percent battery life which was good for almost 2 hours talk time.PRos:The Battery!! It has around 1300 mins talk time vs 420 or so for the iphone4. Most phones average around 400 mins. You just cannot beat this battery life.The latest Android operating systemis very fast and responsivegood Space for Apps, Great 8 megapixel cameraCons: Cant think of any. Its the best phone i've owned and when its time to reup my contract, if the replacement phone doesnt at least come close to this battery life.. im keeping the Razr Maxx.

I have had Razr MAXX for about half year now. I can not be more disappointed.I am an analyst in the mobile market research firm, and I have tested multiple smart phones from various providers and manufacturers. This is my first Android smartphone from Motorola.I do want to point out that I like the build quality of the phone, and its dark matte black finish at the back. Overall, a very well build phone. I was happy to hold it in my hand when i first got the phone.Good things have been said, now all the problems I have noticed:-Abnormal battery drain ( The main reason why I switched over to Droid Maxx from iPhone 4)-Inaccessible email (both personal and corporate)-very sluggish interface (Major software integration issue)-slow/no reaction to swipe/gestures-phone overheats without a single touch from time to time-Grey spots on black screen and dead pixelsWith all thees issues, making the phone literally un-usable, especially at the time of emergency, the phone took a few minute to start dialing, which was completely unacceptable.

This is a decent phone.  Everything is very fast, 4G and 3G on Verizon is fine.  The screen is most excellent in resolution for movies.  Skype is the best on this phone for sharp international video calls.  However, the biggest compaint I have is that the battery life was never as advertised and gets worse like most batteries. I have had it about 9 months and it will last less than two days on stand by, using it very very little.  Maybe I can get through one baseball game now after a full charge.  Compare this experience to live tests on line where I saw it streaming video for 16 hours!!Yes, this is still better than phones a few years ago, but not even close to what Motorola claims.  This is why I bought the phone and that is why I am so dissapointed.  Also, compared to my not so smart Quantico (which had its own issues, like texting) this call quality is really quite lousy with frequent drop outs on my end.This is far superior to an iPhone, though:  Screen, battery life, speed, camera.Maybe the new Maxx is better, but I may look at Samsung.

This is by far the best phone i have ever bought. I love it. Battery life is great. Not 21 hours for me but i am an exstreamly  heavy user. "Gamer" . It lasts 16 hours easy for me which is wonderful i love it. ICS is quick and responsive. Cant say enough good stuff about this phone. This phone has set a new standard for future. Smartphones to match or surpass. Signal is great never dropped a call. It doesn't Heat up like other phones I've Had. Its built strong. The only drawback. Of this phone. Is where they put the plug ins they're on top which i personally don't like. But if that's the price of having this wonderfully wonderful phone I'll pay it gladly. The onscreen keyboard is big enough to use easy and i have big fingers. So don't let no keyboard stop you from this great phone.

The Razr Maxx is a great phone on the fastest 4G LTE network. The phone is basically the same phone as the Droid Razr but with a massively extended battery. That's important as the battery cannot be changed out to an extended batter on the Droid Razr and this phone gets the extended battery punch but still in the same slim form factor. This is the slimmest Smartphone still.Droid Razr and Razr Maxx have:+The fastest 4G LTE network. I'll routinely get 15-20 MBPS download and sometimes even better upload. This means almost no lag, super fast downloads and instant page loads on browsers. In case you aren't in a 4G LTE area, you still get the EVDO 3G network and the 1xRTT CDMA digital calling networks.+Verizon's voice network (still the best.)+Verizon's #1 customer service (just won J.D. Power's for second straight year.)+The new battery can get you more than a full day of full usage without constant charging, unlike almost every other 4G Smartphone and many other 3G Smartphones.+If you are looking for slim this is the slimmest Smartphone out.+Water-Resistent insides and coating. You may be able to walk through light rain without worrying. (I won't do that, but you probably could with this one.)+Gorilla Glass screen is way tougher than standard glass.+32 GB memory is more than enough for a ton of app downloads and music on your device. 16 GB is on a micro-SD and you could swap that out to 32.+Dual Core 1.2 GHz processors really make a difference on running multiple apps at the same time. I can run half a dozen memory eating processes at any time and swap back and forth. I also run as many as 6 or more tabs on my browser with no slow down (either FireFox or Dolphin HD.)+Motorola's UI is clean and easy to customize. It isn't as slick as HTC's Sense UI, but it also isn't clunky like LG's UI. It gives some extras that are helpful (widgets for social networking, for instance,) without getting in the way.-Kevlar back is more for looks than useful in my opinion. Unless you're James Bond and plan on carrying 30 of these under your shirt...-The weight of the phone makes it feel cheap to me. It is super light and the material isn't solid feeling like the Droid Bionic or even an iPhone.-No Ice Cream Sandwich (yet).Some people may balk at the $300 price tag, but the phone is smarter than most people's home PCs and you'll carry it with you almost every day, every where you go. Why wouldn't you think $300 is a good value for a device like that?Overall, this is a great Droid 4G LTE phone. The battery and processors make this phone the fastest and longest lasting of the Droid devices.

I am in the military and I work in a high desert area. This means high winds, high dust, high heat, or high cold temperatures. All the bad things that start with "high". It blows...literally and figuratively. So, I decided to buy the Motorola Razr Maxx since motorola has done a pretty good job with cell phones since my old StarTac. Dating myself with that one right? I got the phone and it is a bit large, but in a good way. Solid construction, feels well-made; screen is big enough to do things on it and not feel too cramped. The Skype video quality with front facing camera is so crystal clear, people think I am on my home computer. This is also a shout-out to the actual 4G LTE speed of Verizon, as opposed to TMobile, who has been slacking a lot in every category. (I currently have T-Mobile still as well) But net works aside. The feature that really impresses me and makes me love this phone - the BATTERY! This thing is packing a battery that rivals some 10" tablet batteries, and it shows. I am one of those people who likes to drain the battery to empty then charge to full, battery "memory" and all that. It is nearly impossible for me after a full day of using the phone on 4G, watching a couple episodes of Dexter or Mad Men, texting way more than any person should have to, googling things (yes that is a verb now), streaming some video on youtube, and keeping GPS, Bluetooth, Sync and everything else running from 6am until 7pm. As I speak, the battery is now at 70% strength...still. Amazing. Honestly it is worth the cost of not having a super amoled screen or whatever Samsung Galaxy III has. Samsung Glaxy III battery dies in like 6-8 hours of use, and not heavy use either (plus Samsung is notoriously bad at releasing timely updates to software for their phones, i.e. Samsung Galaxy I, II, and S). So props to Motorola on the 3300 mAh battery. Honestly I thank you and so does my family because now I can stay in contact with them during my 20 hour days without wondering if my battery is going to die or trying to find a wall socket in the Mojave desert, which there don't seem to be any. Lots of wild donkeys though.....sort of odd, but true. Right on. Thats all I have to say. Phone kicks arse man. Good on you Motorola, good on you.

I last had a Droid X and didn't think I'd ever love a phone as much as I loved that phone.  My Razr Maxx is amazing though.  My husband has an iPhone and is brand loyal to apple but even he is amazed by all the functions I have on my phone that he doesn't.  I love that I can just speak into the phone to text or make lists, etc.  And, the battery life on this phone is crazy!  I use my phone a lot during the day and only have to recharge every other day (It's usually down to about 20 or 30% by then).

First off....I love this phone so far......well actually more like an on paper love because I've only had the thing for 2 days.  The look & feel is awesome, the functionality is great....pretty much anything & everything you could want in a cell phone.So with that said...onto the GLITCH!  After only 2 days I've come to realize that the headphone jack doesn't work!  And what makes it worse is after searching for info on it thinking maybe I did something where I shut it off, I found out this issue is very common.  I tried all the simple fixes people recommended & nothin.So I'm headin back to Verizon to swap out the phone.  I'm just hoping it's that simple.  SO LET THIS BE WARNING TO EVERYONE...CHECK THE HEADPHONE JACK BEFORE LEAVING THE STORE!!

Best phone I have ever owned, just waiting for Ice Cream Sandwich then it will be near perfect! Battery life is fantastic, durable and I have dropped it multiple times and it still works just great, couldn't have asked for a better phone. (unless it already had Ice Cream Sandwich)

I received my new Droid Razr Maxx last week. So far everything is perfect. My only criticism is the Motorola Apps, they should be optional and not part of the system  apps.  Of course i do not appreciate the Verizon apps either.The coolest thing is the automatic feature that turns WiFi on when i am at a known WiFi area such as my home. The video is excellent. Had small problem with the sound and had to reboot phone. No problem since.Still trying to get used to not plugging in the phone each time im not using it. I previously had a Droid X and it had to be charged every couple hours if i watched a video or used Iheart radio.Highly recommend this phone, especially for fellow truck drivers that their phone is their main way of getting communication from home and data services

I've had this for about one month. Now, it suddenly and randomly chooses which basic functions it wants to use. Sometimes I can't text, sometimes I can't use the 3 or 4G. Sometimes I can't make a phone call. Sometimes the phone locks up entirely and I have to wait for the battery to die. This phone is complete garbage. With Verizon's insurance I have to pay $100 for a new one. That's right, $100 a month later. I didn't even have time to have much fun with it yet, I've barely added any apps or alter much of anything. THIS PHONE IS NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY! Don't let the hype fool you.

If you're under 50 years old, you should not be reading this.  This is a "non-techie" review of my first smart phone, designed to answer the questions that mature users might ask.  First, I was not compelled to buy a smart phone because it had gadgets, bells and whistles and fancy plastic cases.  Who cares?  A phone is a phone, right?  My old Razr flip phone got the job done, if all you need is to make phone calls.  My wife and I are on a family share plan of 700 minutes per month, which is far more than we need.  I don't think Verizon even offers this plan any more.  But we were persuaded by friends that a smart phone can be a useful tool, and doesn't have to be loaded down with functions that are childish and worthless.  Frankly, I've never understood why someone would pay a monthly fee to listen to music that can easily be acquired for "free," or pay a fee to send text messages like, "Hey, dude, how's it goin?  Whazzup?"  Oh well, just not my thing, although I see youngsters paying huge monthly fees for exactly that kind of inane thing.  I'd visited the local Verizon store several times, read comments by Amazon users, and read reviews on cnet and other electronics magazines.  I became convinced that the Motorola Razr MaxxMotorola DROID RAZR MAXX 4G Android Phone, Black 32GB  (Verizon Wireless)had a big leg up on the competition with its very powerful and durable battery (which can last for days without recharging) and with a relative ease of use by a non-techie.  So I watched the prices for the Razr Maxx go up and down on the Verizonwireless site, as well as on Amazon.  I seem to recall that it started at $199, but that was a laughable number for me, so I waited.  One day, Amazon alerted me that the price had dropped to $99, so I bought it at that price.  It's even lower -- by a little bit -- from Amazon right now (November 2012) which is probably because Motorola has since produced a Razr M and something else with "HD" in its name.  Concerning the Razr M, be aware that the screen size is actually smaller than the Razr Maxx.  I held them side by side, so that's a no-brainer.  As concerns "HD" I can only imagine what that might mean, and I really don't care.  I'm very happy with my Razr Maxx, and am still learning how to use all the horsepower it offers.  I took a little one-hour workshop at a local Verizon store, and it was barely useful.  I also ordered a little free booklet from Motorola, but it, too, does a mediocre job of instructing first-time smartphone users.  I also looked at "Idiots' Guides" books through Amazon, but they're not current with the "Ice Cream Sandwich" operating system that my Razr Maxx has.  Gradually, I'm sure, I'll learn about all the tools that make this phone useful for someone like me.  By the way, when you activate your phone through Verizon, you'll be charged a $30.00 activation fee.  That has nothing to do with purchasing the phone from a 3rd party like Amazon.  It's simply another gouge that the phone companies charge, simply because they can.  By now, you may want to know how this mature user actually puts this smart phone to work.  Here are some of the things I have managed to activate, and find them all quite useful:  The alarm clock; the "app" for my local newspaper so I can read it while skydiving; the Trip Advisor app so I can check on restaurants, hotels, tourist sites while I'm on the road; the Weather app so I can check the weather forecast in different cities to which I may be traveling; the battery monitor and the data monitor which lets you know when you're approaching the monthly data limit of 2GB...to which I've never come close; the connections to my two email accounts back on my home computer; the Post-It sticky note on which I can remind myself to pick up the dry cleaning or stop at the grocery store or check on a certain flight number or arrival time at the airport; and of course the phone listings of folks I may want to call.  All of these apps are easy to use, and I haven't yet erased or deleted anything critical.  I have chosen not to use my "smart" phone to conduct business with my bank, as there are simply too many opportunities for hackers to siphon information.  At least they won't get anything like that from my use of the Razr Maxx.  I suspect the price will keep going down on Amazon, so it might be useful to set up an alert for them to let you know when it drops again.  All in all, I think the Razr Maxx is worth the initial outlay ($99.00) as well as the $30.00 monthly data fee, and I recommend it for mature users.

This phone has set a new standard for me. I do not have to charge it every day, more like every other day or less. I will never be able to go back to the phone that needs to be charged daily. Prior to this had Galaxy Nexus that I had to sell due to horrible Samsung quality.

This is the first smartphone I've owned that has never run out of battery on me.  As long as I charge it every night, I can leave bluetooth and GPS on all the time.  There is no need for battery saving apps, finding that I can't get directions when I need them because GPS was off and I need to wait for a lock, or that the handsfree connection isn't working in my car when I get a call because bluetooth was shut off.  The difference between this phone and other phones is that, with the larger battery, you can actually use all of the features that come with the phone, and not have to give it a second thought.The included email application is great if you configure it the way that works.  If you are adding a hotmail/live account, configure it as a corporate sync account - not as a hotmail account - and then you will get push email to work the way you want.  Configuring it as a hotmail account doesn't work - you won't receive mail.  Likewise, if you are adding a GMail account, configure it as an "other" account - not a GMail account - or else it will have the same problem.Configuration quirks aside, this phone has one of the best email apps available on any phone, because it allows for both having all of your accounts in one app, and also supports push for Exchange subfolders.  I don't know of any other mail app that does both.With the Dolphin browser installed, and a custom keyboard, this is the first smartphone I've owned that was fast enough to not get in my way when browsing.  I find myself sometimes preferring to browse on my phone over my desktop PC, which I never thought would happen.Overall, I'm very pleased with this phone, especially after figuring out the email app configuration.

When my iPhone 3GS came to the end of its contract, I switched to a Samsung Galaxy Nexus because it had 4G and a big screen, which my iPhone did not. However, I couldn't get reliable 4G service on the Samsung, even though my wife has consistently good Verizon 4G service on her HTC Thunderbolt. And if I left 4G on, not that the Nexus really worked in that mode, the battery would drain in less than 10 hours. Mind you, this is with the phone not in use as I don't bring it to work. It just dies from sitting there doing nothing. I got amazon to send me a second Nexus. Either it was better or I got better at power management because I could make it last all day, mostly by leaving 4G off. But since my criteria for getting a new phone included 4G, the Nexus wasn't really up to snuff. Amazon again took the phone back and this time I got the Motorola Droid RAZR Maxx. I couldn't be happier.I can leave 4G on all the time and the battery appears to take about two days to drain, maybe more. What's more, 4G works like a charm. Speedtest confirms over 20 Mbps download speed. (I did get 30 Mbps once on the Nexus.) The display is also nicer. It's crisper, I think because the blacks are darker than they were on the Nexus.Now I do miss Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4) on the Samsung. That's one nice OS. But it will be coming to the RAZR and I'm hopeful it will work well on that phone. But even if I never get the OS upgrade on the RAZR, I'll be satisfied.The RAZR feels better in my hand, the display is nicer, the 4G is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time. It doesn't have the new OS, but that's a minor detail compared with the problems I had on the Nexus.I highly recommend the RAZR Maxx.

I'm not sure if the Motorola RAZR is named that because it's razor-thin or razor-sharp, but either way, it's named appropriately. As a previous EVO user, the RAZR performs like an entirely different animal.  It's so much more than a phone, and I have to admit the camera/video capabilities are what impressed me most.  You can store tons of photos and entire movies inside the phone, but also have the option of a removable card.  There are special effects you can use for the pictures you take (I love going back and forth between black and white). And you can use apps like LiveStream to put out a live mobile streaming event.  The phone also has better battery life than any other phone I've tried.  The exterior is Kevlar strong, though I'm not going to try dropping mine to see how it holds up.Disclosure: I am participating in the Verizon Wireless Ambassadors' Program and have been provided with a wireless device and three months of service in exchange for my honest opinions about the product.  My opinions remain my own.Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX 4G Android Phone, Black 32GB  (Verizon Wireless)[...]

Upgraded from the original Droid and am so glad I did! This is quite easily the best phone I have ever owned (and owned a few!) Battery life is superb and the display fantastic, but the best thing is the quantum leap in performance over the original. Don't hesitate this beast is awesome!

Usually my phones will go corrupt after a year and a half. Had this phone for over 21/2 years and it is still going. Best phone ever. Battery life 6-8 hours and I'm on the internet all the time.

The Droid Razr Maxx is not a safe product.  It works fine for a couple of months then the battery starts overheating and ruins the phone. I have had two of these phones within the past 90 days.  Stay away from this phone!Also the voice recognition on this phone is very marginal. It tries to dial the wrong name a lot (name not even close to what you verbalize in to it).  The Google Navigation  has a great voice recognition system so I know it is not me.The hot battery problem is the worst issue. It get so hot you cant hold it or have it in your pocket.I owned the Droid X for two years and never had the overheating problem.  Motorola has a lemon with this phone.

I upgraded to the Razr Maxx from the HTC Droid Incredible and could not be happier. All the reasons why I am completely satisfied with this phone: Large, crystal clear display; very responsive; 4G is excellent; no dropped calls; loud and clear sound; many great pre-installed apps; swype feature on keyboard is amazing and makes texting easy and fast; numerous ringtone options, far more to choose from than previous phones; solid build; gorilla glass is wonderful; battery life is quite extensive, allowing me to charge my phone about every 4 days with normal use, and every 2 or 3 days with heavier use; connects quickly to wi-fi when in range; recent upgrade shows all settings in living color; syncs with my Xoom and PC quickly and easily;  and numerous others as you will experience for yourself. All in all, I am a big fan of the Motorola Razr Maxx and would highly recommend this phone.

This phone is the top of the line.  If you want good battery life and the great customization of the DROID line look no furtherDISPLAY: The screen on the phone is great.  The super AMOLED screen looks beautiful under any circumstance.  For those who do not know, the super AMOLED screen makes black look stunning.  So that is why the UI typically will have a dark background which really does make the other colors pop.  Have no fear about comparing this screen to the iPhone, in reality they are quite similar. The iPhone is slightly better for practically the same.  The RAZR wins for the size of the screen.  IMPORTANT: I have 6'3 large handed the phone is great for me however if you are smaller please handle the phone first it is large the display is large you may struggle to text especially if you use the landscape mode.BATTERY: Here is the real deal on the battery life.  It will last the whole for most anyone but that is it.  Heavy users report about 6 or 7 hours from the original RAZR. The Maxx having 85% more batter life will get your around 11 or 12 hours. These reviews where people go to bed with 70% battery at 18 hours so not use their phone.  5 HOURS IS MY ESTIMATED screen on time for a full charge.  I get slightly less than 6 hours of screen on time for the charge. And I am a pretty heavy user meaning that my phone is in use for 4-5 hours in a day. The charge lasts all day and that is a huge feat for smart phones but don't expect these impossible battery life's from people who don't use their phone. This phone definitely kills the iPhone in this department great battery life realistically just some people have blown it out of proportion.UI: If your new to DROID and worried about not being tech savvy enough for DROID here's some help.  If you don't know which is faster 3g or 4g .. or if a megabyte or gigabyte is larger ... or don't know anyone that knows what RAM stands for... you may want to consider the iPhone. If you have ever heard of a macro or can write one you will most likely be able to to full advantage of this phone and all it has to offer.  The smart actions which are like easy macros (if this .. then do this statements for your phone) which can be really helpful. If below 10% battery then turn off data and GPS and screen light and Wi-Fi to conserve battery.  Everything is really well laid out and will only get better with the new DROID update coming.PHONE: as far as call quality goes it is great as most new phones these days.  No dropped calls for the month I've owned it and great quality the entire time even in sketchy service areas.  The texting is surpurb.  I wrote this entire thing on my maxx without any discomfort.  For us very large handed people the landscape mode allows for large buttons with almost no mistake. And Swype texting is fun when your phone flat on a table and you only have one finger available takes some getting used to though.  Compares to the iPhone this phone is the same. I enjoy it more because of the screen size because of my large hands.Finally this phone is as good as it gets.  Since everyone knows someone with the iPhone I tried to use some.comparisons. Definitely get this phone if your large handed and tech savvy.  Consider this phone if you felt one in the store and know someone who knows a little about computers. I like this phone more than the iPhone because of the customization of the DROID and the larger screen.

This is only my 3rd smartphone. Surprising to some because I'm kind of a techie, and love my electronics, but I usually avoid being a first adopter. I had a WinMo phone a few years ago (horrible), then went to Android 2 yrs ago with the LG Ally. It got a bad rap but I liked it, I was just ready for a little more memory, power, and screen. I got good battery life on it too with ATK so that was important for the next phone. I hadn't been impressed with some of the androids so was waiting for the right one, and an iPhone wasn't for me.When I heard the Droid 4 was being released with 4g I had decided on it because of the physical QWERTY. Then came the Droid Razr Maxx. Wanted to get my hands on the two (literally, because I have narrow hands) but really hoped I'd like the Maxx based on the battery. The online leap day sale preempted me getting my hands on them, so I leaped and ordered the Maxx. So glad I did!FFWD 2 days - major issues out of the box - kept freezing up even during activation. Then it tried to do a system update and wouldn't get a signal after that. Nothing helped, 2 hard resets, etc...I called the next day, they didn't make me go through hoops since I'd tried everything they would've had me do anyway. Had to wait 10 days before the 2nd one came - but it was worth it. Worked perfectly and the system update was already done (I suspect that was part of the wait).Battery - Not much to say, it's great! It sets a new standard.Size - Wound up not being an issue and glad I didn't pass up the leap day sale to hold the phone first. It was awkward at first coming from the Ally, and I normally don't like super thin phones because I like to feel like it's not going to fall out of my hands. I think this is where the extra battery size of the Maxx makes it probably more comfortable to hold than the regular Razr. I adjusted to the size and width surprisingly quickly.Keyboard - I use the regular onscreen, not Swype, and can usually type just fine in portrait mode too. Someone with bigger hands/fingers shouldn't have a problem in landscape. May try Swype again but my try at it, wasn't for me. Also have auto correct turned off, but I do have suggestions on. I miss the auto-cap and some auto punctuation which I could previously get on the Ally without having the auto correct on, but I've learned to use the suggestions for that.Bloatware - Yeh, every phone's got it, we hate it, but oh well. I update some of it just so it won't keep telling me I have updates. Like most everyone, wish we could uninstall. But there's a couple I like that I wouldn't have even looked for if they weren't already installed.Screen - Beautiful, ok probably not a fair comparison coming from the Ally. I put an anti-glare screen protector on, which is coming off as soon as I get a new regular one. Once you see how nice the display is you don't want to muck it up with anti-glare.Case - Doesn't come with one of course, but if anyone's wondering I got a holster case when I ordered the phone. It's the standard shell that fits on the phone (adds very little to the size and makes it comfortable to hold), then that slides face in to the holster. The holster portion is also thin and doesn't feel bulky. The phone is harder to slide in and out than the Ally case I had that was made the same way, but, that's a plus. My Ally popped out of the holster several times. The Maxx won't. The back of my Maxx now has an easel thanks to the case. It's a feature I love that I didn't know I'd want. Looking at the Otterbox cases but you only get the belt clip with the bulkier defender.4g - I live in a 3g area and work from home most of the time. In fact my home internet is 3g (unlimited) as we don't have dsl or cable available. I got to test the 4g out a few days after getting the phone. Downloaded the speedtest app, ran tests at different locations around the city, and a couple were in the 20 down/10 up range. Awesome! I took advantage of the speed while I was there to download my music from amazon. I was able to keep my unlimited plan, which will be especially nice when 4g expands a few more miles to me.Don't get me wrong, there are days when I want just a good old regular little flip phone. Quicky and easy dialing. No tapping a phone button to bring up phone options of dialer, contacts, etc. But the fact is, I rarely use mine for the phone. I have a little computer that happens to handle voice calls when I need to, and it handles them well.

I had been very happy with my Droid, so I decided to stay with an Android phone when I upgraded directly from my provider who charged me $30 for the honor. I was not happy with that and negotiated a one month credit on my data plan which was also downgraded from unlimited to 2GB per month. Reception and voice quality on the phone are excellent. It was easy to transfer my contacts with gmail. I created a music folder on the SD card and downloaded 4.5GB of tunes which the phone readily accepted. The phone comes with a lot of storage available. Half of the 16GB internal space and all of the 16GB SD card is available for apps, photos and music. One reason I stayed with Android is the ability to tether my laptop with PDAnet. When I don't have a free wifi connection, I have used PDAnet frequently and it works like a charm. Can't do that on an iPhone without hacking it. With the Razr Maxx, I have used Foxfi and it works like a charm. Battery life has been exceptional. On a recent trip to Vegas, I uploaded a photo to Facebook and read several emails during the day, then surfed the internet for a couple of hours at the airport. On my flight home, my iPod Nano battery was dead, so I used my phone for music on a four hour flight. After the flight, I checked and the battery was still at 60 percent. My phone has been on for 15 hours today with light use and the battery is at 80 percent. One thing that affects the battery is navigation. I used it in Vegas to find a location and it did wear the battery down. Hopefully, I have not experience problems with the screen that others have.

I got this phone just recently and I am truly impressed. I had the Droid RAZR first for a short while, and although that is great phone too it's battery leaves much to be desired. I am a happy customer and I ask ... iPhone what ?? :-) Just kidding.

My Smart Phone experience started with a Blackberry that started well but ended up being a nightmare I'd rather forget.  Fast forward to two years ago when I got the first Droid.  I was MUCH happier with that.  It took a licking and did everything I needed.  I was fine to keep my old DROID without a contract.Ever notice that they're nicer when you don't have one?But when someone told me the RAZR was faster, I had to look into it.  I passed on the RAZR because of the battery, but the RAZR MAXX is a real dream!  I've had it for over a month now.  It feels different.  That Gorilla Glass is smooooth!  The Kevlar is texturized.  Even with my small hands, it's easy to handle, but it did take a little getting used to.Yes, it's faster.  You can read all the in depth reviews.  This is just an emotional I'M SO GLAD I BOUGHT IT!  It was well worth the $$.Other than the speed, I like that I can set my system to go silent, turn off WiFi & almost totally power down when I'm in church.  I don't have to be that dweeb whose phone goes off in the middle of the sermon.  I can make it so that it doesn't ring in the middle of the night unless it's someone I've listed to ring.  It's all in the settings & does it just like I tell it to.  A nice little battery saver is that I can tell it when the phone's not moving & it's between the times of 11p & 7a, I want it to turn all the battery suckers off (GPS, auto-synch, BlueTooth) AND the ringers off for everyone not on the A List.We don't have 4G here, but I'll be ready for it when it does.  I only have to drive an hour to it at this point.The only negative is that the camera isn't the best, but I've GOT a camera!To me, it's like my old favorite DROID on STEROIDS!  Better!  Faster!  OH YES!

Great phone if you lock it in a safe and don't use it! Actually you still might have a broken glass when you open the safe!. Mine along with a growing number of others are experiencing the cheap gorilla glass breaking for no apparent reason (Mine cracked while on the charger!). Then Motorola charges you $100 each time. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE! I would actually give it 5 stars if I wasn't for this. I'm going back to my DroidX until I can upgrade (which I just did 1 month ago) then I will never buy Motorola again! That is how badly they have dealt with this problem.

I've owned a number of smartphones, and the common complaint about them all is battery life.  The Razor Maxx is the only exception I've found.  I've had mine about a month now, and for the first three days I actually had trouble running the battery all the way down to fully charge it as recommended at first.  It's now 9:30 pm, I've been using my Maxx moderately since 6 am, and it's still showing 2/3 charge.  Other advantages: size, processor speed, and clarity of the display screen.  I honestly can't think of a downside.

This is my first smartphone and I love it.  I spent 3 months researching phones and back and forth through several before I chose this phone.Reasons:  I love the size, at my age, the larger the better, it makes navigating through the phone much easier.Battery Life!  Wow, I played with my phone all day every day when I first got it and it lasted more then 36 hrs, and it seems I hardly ever have to plug it in now that I'm settling down on it's usage.I'm not a "game player" but I had to download "Angry birds" and it's fun to play, the graphics are simple but very nice visually.I'm a birder and go online to review photos and videos of birds a lot, the video's are so clear I feel like I'm looking at my HD TV and the sound "perfect"As far as navigating the phone - I "played" online at the verizon website with the phone - they have a simulator and realized it was very easy to navigate, if you use a laptop at home, you can navigate this phone.All I can say is - for my first smartphone this phone was easy to navigate; easy to handle (now that I have a commuter otterbox on it) and well I just love everything about this phone.

Awesome battery. No more issues with 4G phone dying during the day. I never worry anymore and no longer need juice defender.Phone is always connected to servers, unlike Bionic which has disconnect issues.Gorgeous screen, I keep it at 100% brightness always.Phone is extremely fast in responsiveness. Zero lag.BUY IT. Never thought I'd ever be this happy with a phone after having LG, HTC, and other Motorola 4G phones.

Well here I am again taking the time to make a review which I rarely do unless something really impresses me and I feel it is worth my time reviewing.This phone is absolutely fantastic.I switched from the Galaxy Nexus that was nothing but a headache to me and have never looked back.  Let me compare the Nexus to the Razr Maxx and show the things I love about this phone:Battery Life - No comparison:The Maxx --> has been going strong all day and haven't had the need to plug it in.  Nexus --> change the battery out 2 - 3 times a day minimum with the optional battery + charger I purchased officially from Verizon.Call Quality - No comparison:Maxx --> INSTANTLY noticed the clarity and loudness.  Nexus --> Soft, garbled, useless.External Speaker - No comparison:Maxx --> Loud, clear, just as good as the iPhone.  Nexus --> VERY soft, cheap sounding, useless as a ringerVibration & Notification Light - Better:Maxx --> Green light that isn't blinding but catches your attention.  Vibration is stronger/louder so you actually feel/hear it.  Nexus --> white light that has too much lag between blinks, harder to see especially in the sunlight and vibrator is useless.Screen - Nexus wins:Maxx --> Decent resolution but spoiled from the resolution of the Nexus.  4.3" screen in the same form factor of the nexus makes me sad, but I can easily live.  Nexus --> High resolution, good colors, big 4.65" display.LTE/3G Radio - No comparsion:Maxx --> IT WORKS!  Strong signal, doesn't disconnect.  Nexus --> Good luck, have fun because you will bang your head against a wall.  Never saw LTE, flickers between 3G and no signal at all, call drops, data drops.  Terrible.Fit and Finish - No comparison:You spend this kind of money and want a quality product right?  Maxx --> feels solid, expensive, looks good.  Nexus: Cheap plastic with a flimsy back.Ice Cream Sandwich - No comparison:Maxx --> Zips around and I mean REALLY ZIPS.  I feel like I am running Jelly Bean and I am not.  Super smooth, keyboard is 10x more responsive, extremely small lag to the point that I am nitpicking.  Nexus --> Lag when typing, slows down and locks up like it is thinking too much if you type too fast, OS seems laggy and unresponsive.Buttons - Advantage Maxx:Maxx --> More recessed and harder to push which means you can actually HOLD your device without pressing the volume rocker every half a second.  Nexus --> Too easy to press which gives you even less places to hold your phone.Heat - No comparison:Maxx --> Can ever so slightly appear warm, but nothing noticeable...just nitpicking.  Nexus --> extreme overheating issues.  Plug it in, watch a video clip, or answer a phone call and prepare to burn.  Definite overheating issues and you have to put the phone down to let it cool off.Camera - Slight edge Maxx:Kind of like asking who is smarter: Dumb or Dumber.  Maxx --> 8MP and produces "ok" pictures but I had the Droid X back in the day before my phone was bricked with their POS OS update and it had the same "ok" camera built-in.  I only say it is better because in life things are relative and comparing it to the world's worst camera phone by today's standards in the Nexus...it is therefore "better."  Nexus --> Garbage fisher price camera.  Pixelated nonsense.Hope that helps.  Honestly you can't go wrong with this phone.  Wait for the Razr Maxx HD to come out so you can watch the price of this phone drop or decide to get that beautiful new updated Razr with the Nexus quality display!  Least you will have two fantastic options to choose from.  Either way you can't lose and yesterday Motorola announced ALL MOTOROLA DEVICES will get Jelly Bean if they are capable of running it and FOR SURE Razr Maxx can run it.  NOW how long will it take before Big Red Verizon decides to release it is the bigger question.  You know Razr Maxx HD will see the update first!E-mail: optomechesst@aim.com if you have any further questions but I believe I covered all of it -scratches head thinking about it-.  Honestly from what I have seen...I am never going back to Samsung for the rest of my life.  Between the Samsung Fascinate which I could tell you tons of horror stories about and the Samsung Galaxy Nexus, they lost me as a customer for life.  Droid X treated me SO WELL before the update essentially bricked my phone with the bugs, but this phone is flawless.  Motorola is just the best and THE GO TO company for Android.  Highly convinced of that now.  Alternatives: Nokia Lumia 920 with Windows Phone 8 coming out this fall, Apple iPhone 5 coming out in a month.

Ok, so I bought the new Razr Maxx and received it Feb 17.Performance:  The first day I had it, I set it up, let it charge, then unplugged it and the test was on.  From 3pm until 7am, I listened to music both streaming and stored media, played games, downloaded apps, searched the web, watched Youtube, and talked on the phone.  With all that, I got nearly 16 hours of battery life.  I finally had to plug it in at 10 percent so I could make a phone call.  Conclusion?  Other reviewers weren't kidding about the battery in this thing.  This battery kicks butt.  The screen is gorgeous and very sharp; the Gorilla glass is very smooth and somehow keeps the fingerprints to a minimum.  Not sure how that is achieved but I like it.  Set up was easy but it's worth noting that it is not possible to use your regular SIM card in this phone; you'll receive a micro SIM card to set up 4G service.  I'm not wild about the SIM/SD card port on the side of the phone.  It's stiff and hard to open and you really have to hold on to it in order to take out the cards.  I feel like if I grab it too hard I'll pull it off the phone, so be careful if you have to change out SD cards or something.  Go easy on the little door.  That said, the phone does not have a flimsy feel to it with the rubber textured Kevlar back and case and Gorilla glass screen.  So many times, when phones are made "lighter" they feel cheap and have a correspondingly cheap case that scratches all to hell and back or cracks or something else.  I don't think that will be the case with this phone. I do however look forward to when a silicone case is made for this phone because the case has a slick feeling to it and I worry that one day it will slide off the counter or out of my hand and - god forbid - fall on the floor.  It's possible to connect your phone to your TV and play your games on it or connect the HDMI to watch movies, but I'm not sure if I'll ever use it for that.Apps and Media:  I like the fact that there are fewer bloatware apps on this than on my Incredible 2 from Verizon.  Some of the apps on here give you the option of deleting them, like GoToMeeting and NFL 12.  Will never use those, so they were deleted.  I kinda miss the FM Radio app from my Incredible 2, but there's iHeartRadio for those odd moments I want to hear the radio so that's good enough.  It's possible to hide from view apps that you will never use but that cannot be uninstalled or frozen unless you root your phone.  I really like that feature and proceeded to hide all the VZW media/tones/etc crap that bills me extra.  It's an Android phone and there are free apps that do the same thing better.  Ice Cream Sandwich is slated for this phone but according to Motorola's website, the date is yet to be announced.  Meanwhile, I updated the software and now have Android 2.3.6.  The phone I purchased comes with a 16GB memory card but I had one with my Incredible, so I just swapped it out.  Not sure if I'll ever need to go to 32GB seeing as how it has 16GB of onboard memory (that's crazy!) but I'm glad the option is there.  A really useful and interesting app is called Smart Actions.  My god, someone made an app that's just like the Automator app on Macs.  This will configure for you different actions on your phone based on a set of criteria that you choose.  If you want the phone to go silent while you sleep, you can set a time that will happen and a time that the ringer will be turned back on.  I work 3rd shift so I turn the ringer off usually, but no more!  I have already set this up and it will do that task for me on days and times I specify.  It will also configure your phone to maximize battery life and prompt you to activate the Smart Actions when the battery gets low.  It will do other things for your phone too, but I haven't checked out all the possibilities yet.General:  The microUSB port is on the top of the phone instead of on the side or somewhere else stupid.  Finally!  Can't tell you how frustrating it is to plug the phone up in my car and have the charger sticking out of the side of the device to where I can't put it in a dock while I drive.  Also, there is the HDMI port located right next to the microUSB.So far, I am really enjoying the phone.  It's sharp to look at but it's beauty is more than skin deep.  It's a perfect combo of form and function.  I'm happy with 4G service in areas where I spend the majority of my time and in areas where I only get 3G at best (at home), then I can use my WiFi and get some blistering speed - all data free.  Oh! and yes, I was lucky enough to get on with Verizon before they ended their unlimited data plan, so now I have unlimited data with 4G service.  Nice.

I've owned several Iphones, many Androids (including Galaxy Nexus), but this is by far the phone I'm most pleased with. The battery lasts longer than the biggest extended battery I could find in every other phone including a 3,800 mah battery I put in my Galaxy Nexus. I also get 1-2 extra bars of service than my Nexus too. Not one complaint on this phone.

After lot of research before buying my smart phone, I finally decided to go with Razr MAXX as it has more battery life. I bought it Mar 2012, i am happy with phone over all. But if you are in market for a smart phone and Camera quality is a deal breaker for you, STOP reading further and move on to different smart phone. This thing has a terrible camera, photos come out grainy and if you are indoors forget about the photo. When i bought i knew camera wasn't great but i thought Motorola would provide a software update to provide fix it but they never did. After using it for a while and after upgrading to Android ICS my motocast app (which is provided by Motorola to access the computers you configure from phone) stopped working. I tired looking into various forums and looks like no one had solution except to reset to Factory settings... Kidding me!! After using it for 6months who the hell want to reset to factory settings and go through the hassle of restoring everything back. So i approached Motorola Customer Support, we had chain of emails back and forth trying to resolve and finally they could not resolve and closed my case stating forwarding request to advance support team and no one ever got back to me. Now i know why people love Apple. Again i love Android OS.

I bought two of these buy-one-get-one from Verizon for my wife and I.  I've been using mine for a week and like it alot.  Menu, game and data speeds are clearly superior to my old Droid X 3G, but be aware: this phone is slippery.  Unlike the Droid X where the rubberized material extends onto the sides giving you good grip, the "Kevlar" fiber back is just on the back panel.  The sides are high-gloss black plastic making the phone slick as hell when walking normally.  After setting them up, I walked my wife's across the kitchen and it slipped from my hand; waist height on to the stone tile kitchen floor.  The plastic and kevlar held up fine and the phone still functions, but the top layer of the "Gorilla Glass" screen shattered (technically crazed). Because the glass and display are integral, the repair is going to be $220.  So my buy-one-get-one didn't really pan out.  The obvious solution is an otterbox or skin, but I don't know how those will work with the cardock (which is about 65% of my usage).  If I were Motorola, I wouldn;t be using "unbeatable strength" as a tagline for this phone.

As with many others, my glass screen broke. It dropped from 1 foot off the ground and shattered. Had to replace that on insurance. I dropped my HTC Incredible probably 50 times and the glass never so much as scratched.I just got my replacement replaced again under warranty because the headphone jack started shorting out and then stopped working altogether. My replacement replacement has already started shorting out again; apparently this phone cannot handle me listening to music while I bike the mile to and from work everyday, the motion against the headphone plug seems to push the jack around inside the phone and short it out. This also never happened with my HTC, despite using it practically as an ipod.Otherwise, phone is only okay. Apps are pretty fast. 4G is pretty fast. Clarity of phone calls is not great. A little too big to use with one hand. Battery life is good, lasts all day unless you're watching video in which case it dies very quickly. I wanted to install Cyanogenmod as I had with my old phone, but that's not possible/easy to do yet.

Like many, I was primarily drawn to the Droid RAZR MAXX because of it's incredible claims of battery life. I have not been disappointed. I have been able to easily get more than a full day's use out of the battery, even with heavy use. Just now, I was playing streaming radio for an hour and a half while surfing the internet, checking email, and sending texts. The battery only went down 10%. All of this has been while being on 4G, which tends to eat up battery life faster than 3G. With light to moderate use, I can see the phone lasting two or perhaps three days on one charge.I switched over from an iPhone 3GS because I was not very inspired by the iPhone 4S and did not want to wait for the iPhone 5 to be released. I have always been a loyal mac user (I currently have a MacBook Air, an iPad, and an iPod) and was worried about using a non-Apple product, but the switch was a lot easier than I expected. It was very easy to sync my address book and calendar through google. Almost any app that is available for the iPhone is now available for Android phones. I love the ability to customize my phone and widgets are about the coolest idea. The only real issue I have had with switching OS has been an Apple issue. There is some problem with getting Apple to recognize that you are no longer using an iPhone and to unregister your number with their imessaging system. It took me two days after switching before I was able to get texts from iPhone users. I have heard that it can take up to 30 days. For anyone having problems, I would call up Apple's customer care and tell them what is going on. That is what worked for me. The one thing I really miss about iOS is copy and pasting is not as easy and seamless on Android. Many apps don't support copy & paste and the arrow selectors don't drag as well as I would like. I still haven't gotten the hang of copy & pasting on the Droid RAZR MAXX, but hopefully this is just something that requires a learning curve. Other than these minor glitches, for any other mac users, I highly recommend the Android system!I thought the size of the Droid RAZR MAXX would be an issue for me since I am a petite woman, but I actually prefer the large screen. It makes my phone a lot more useable for both games and practical things like reviewing documents and doing research on the internet. I actually enjoy reading books on my phone now. Before, because of the iPhone's smaller screen and horrible battery life, I would have to also pack my iPod and iPad because my phone would not be able to last through a long flight. I no longer have to do this.This is the best, most practical phone I have owned. I highly recommend it.

Since picking up this phone, I have almost completely loved the phone.  Almost everything has been great.  That was until I discovered a burnt pixel.  I started out by calling Verizon for support.  To clarify one thing, I have had the phone for about 30 days.  Every smart phone I have owned, I have babied.  No scratches, no dents, I even clean them every day.  I could have sold the phone online as though it were new and no one would have thought twice about it.  After being asked if I dropped or dunked the phone in water several times, they finally agreed to send me a REFURBED device.  After going through 13 replacement Droid 1 phones (because everyone was shipped with a defect like a broken keyboard, phone didn't start, screen didn't respond to touch, etc) I had decided that I wasn't getting any more cast-offs.  After all, when you buy a new car and there is a problem, do they set you up with a refurb car?  No!  They fix that very car while providing you a loaner vehicle or when that isn't possible get you a replacement car.  Smart phones are often time more than $400.00.  This phone still lists for $649.99.  Why would I let a defect land me in a used device?  That's crazy!!  After letting them know that I wouldn't accept any used devices, Verizon recommended that I call Motorola; which I did. Rinse and repeat the whole did you drop it or expose it to water questions and they decided I should upgrade the phone.  I did.  They wanted me to clear all the settings, I did.  I downloaded an app to fix this stuck pixel called pixel fixer.  Didn't work.  Now Motorola wants me to pay to ship them the phone so they can fix their defect.  Great customer service!  I think I just purchased my last Motorola product...Additional Information from the Warranty PDF on the Motorola Site:  If a covered defect or damage arises and a valid warranty claim is received within the applicable Warranty Period, Motorola, at its sole option, unless otherwise required by applicable law, will either (1) repair, at no charge, the defect or damage using new, used or reconditioned/refurbished functionally equivalent replacement parts; or (2) exchange the Product with a replacement Product that is new or which has been reconditioned/refurbished or otherwise remanufactured from new or used parts and is functionally equivalent to the original Product; or (3) refund the purchase price of any Products covered by the terms and conditions of this Limited Warranty.I'm not sure what they mean by no charge.

I upgraded my iPhone 4 to the Razr Maxx. Wow, am I happy with it so far. The display is fine, the battery life is incredible. The Droid operating system is pretty easy to use. I'm sure the new iPhone 4S is an improvement over the iPhone 4, but I didn't want to take a chance when I could upgrade my phone on Verizon this time around. The phone is still thin relative to other SMART phones, even with the thicker battery.The 4G is lightning fast, when it's available. The reception is always reliable on Motorola products I have had. The unit feels substantial and not flimsy. I've only had it for a few days, but I am very pleased with my purchase so far.Update: I still love my Razr Maxx, and I will always order my phone through Amazonwireless.com. I actually have gone through 3 Razr Maxx's in the last month. The first Razr Maxx quit on me after a week, literally turned off and quit. I called Amazonwireless and they quickly got me a new phone literally the next day. (Next day delivery) The second new phone ran a little HOT (106 degrees), so I called Verizon to see if that was normal. They said NO and they would send me a "like new" refurbished Razr Maxx. I said no thank you, so I called Amazonwireless and they said "no problem", we will send you a brand new phone "next day" again. My third phone is working fine, for the last two weeks and I am still very pleased with the phone. It last more than a day and a half of heavy usage and still enough battery power to last the rest of the day.

Two of the hottest phones on the market right now are the Droid Razr Maxx and the Galaxy S3.  Recently my wife purchased the Galaxy S3 and I purchased the Razr Maxx.  We have been informally comparing features and performance and arguing about whose phone is better.  Of course the 3300 mAh battery lets the Razr Maxx easily beat the Galaxy S3 in time between charges.  I had to agree that the Galaxy S3 has a more "modern" look to it.We discovered last night that the Razr Maxx seems to win in the Wi-Fi connective contest.  We were both at a minor league baseball game using the free Wi-Fi connection that the ballpark provides.  We were sitting side-by-side, but the Galaxy S3's Wi-Fi connection kept disconnecting.  The Razr Maxx held on to the Wi-Fi connection all night without a problem.We were pretty far from the Wi-Fi access point because the signal strength was quite weak.  Both phones had been fully charged in the morning and were both above 50% charged at the time.This is only one data point and your results may vary, but if Wi-Fi connectivity is important to you, in my experience the Razr Maxx does a better job with Wi-Fi than the Galaxy S3.
