
Love it .

I purchased this flip phone for my husband who refuses to use a smart phone.  I recently switched from Verizon to T-Mobile, so I needed to purchase new phones.  Based on reviews, this appeared to be a good phone.  Received the phone on December 27 and placed the T-Mobile sim card into it.  The phone powered up and displayed the T-Mobile information.  The phone and text services work fine.Be aware, this is an ATT branded phone. Although the phone is unlocked, it comes with the ATT software.  Most of the functions, like GPS, Mobile Web, YP Mobile, MEdia Mall, and ATT Social Net don't work.  As the husband only wanted phone call functionality, this is not an issue.  There maybe a way to add T-Mobile software to the phone, but I haven't figured that out yet.

verry happy with this phone even if was not for me ,the person that recive it as a gift was verry happy and thank me a lot!

The handset speaker did not work out of the box. I contacted the seller and explained the symptoms and we both agreed it was a defective unit. The seller immediately processed the return and made every attempt to correct the issue. The phone has great features and is perfect for someone who doesn't want a smartphone. Too bad it was defective...

Very easy use phone without data plan, good quality from nokia. too bad Nokia didn't continue develop better smart phone.

Only complain is that the phone had no instruction booklet with it . Or any other paperwork or proof of purchase.

The battery life was lower than expected. The red case chipped very easily especially at the side near the buttons. Call quality is reasonable. However the AT&T software isn't very efficient. There is a moment of pause after hitting the menu button for it to get to the menu. Also, there's no easy way to access voicemails. Thus I ordered and received a Nokia 106 to replace this phone. It hasn't even been a day but I am liking it better already.

My SIM card was defective, though it worked in other phone. They advised me to obtain a new SIM card from the same provider (red pocket), which I did, and really everything worked the best.

We purchased because (1) unlocked, (2) used SIM card, (3) "3G" so we could use our AT&T microcell tower as our home reception is terrible.  Works much better than very old Moto RAZR V3 which were not "3G".  Ring tones on phone were terrible.  I deleted all that I could & then downloaded (for FREE) several ring tones I liked at [...].  We purchased two, thous one and a grey one.  Both are excellent.

This Phone works good just as described.  I think everyone should get one of these, Very good, Very good reception.

This is good product, I'm happy to have a phone that meets my simple communication needs, is comfortable in my hand and easy to use.

i tried for a week or more to activate the phone and finally a call to striaght talk engineers said that this phone could not be used on straifh talk so i had to return it.

This is by far the best flip phone out there. Used with the free Nokia PC connect software this phone has amazing functionality.

The wife wanted a better phone for texting and talk and preferably red. This fit the bill and she's very happy.Works great with Platinumtel. The camera is even pretty good!

Just like it was described. Since there is no user guide & there are some new functions, it's a little inconvenient to look online to see how to use them.

As far as non smart phones go this one was pretty neat, good ringtones and what not. I believe you can add a memory card and download and play music. My mom doesn't know how to do that so its perfect for her. Be careful when putting the back on, she bent one of the little plastic prongs and now it doesn't close all the way.

Let me explain, I can make calls and recieve calls but the internet, gps and other functions do not work with a TMOBILE sim card.

The phone is nice, but didn't come with the instruction book plus bought it new!! Ring tone isn't very loud!!

This phone meets the requirements I expected. The  flip design  and the outside screen continues to be very modern and practical.

I like the big buttons for my large hands...  Easy to use, just wish there were a few more ring tones to choose from

I got this for my grandmother who is turning 78 in December. She wanted a new basic phone for a long time, one with a camera and bigger buttons. This is a huge upgrade from her Sony Ericsson w300i which had broke that morning that i gave it to her. Came right on time! she loves it so much!

Happy with the phone. My husband has one just like it.  Good size,clear reception,keyboard visible, good values!!!I would recommend this phone.Received the phone on time.  I have shopped Amazon  and I trust their products and if it is not right you  can send it back postage paid.

I was very disappointed when I open the pack, no cover, no battery, and was locked for ATT, for what I paid it was a lost, I had to purchase another one at the storeVery disappointedSorry, never again

Ok phone. Already dropped once and it still works. Camera is ok but would like to see higher mg rating

There is nothing bad to say about this phone. The delivery arrived before it was due. The phone was in new condition just as it said in the ad.

I love this phone, this is my second nokia flip phone. This exact phone lasted for 3 years, I rarely ever lose service and I don't have to worry about dialing people by accident. I don't even have to charge the phone everyday.

I am ordering a backup for the one I have now.  I have had this phone for over 2 years, and it is still running GREAT!  I have run over it and left it in the rain once (heavy rain), and don't have any problems!!!  This little phone is a true powerhouse...I love it!

It said unlocked but the phone was for att and couldn't use it with tmobile. i had to return it.

you need to get it is good and  it is fun and you need to tretit ok plese i love it

not my favorite real low volume and very fragile, hard to hear people. Nice looking package poor cell phone. sorry I bought it

Nokia is still great even today. If you like the loud and clear sound quality, this phone is for you. Plus it works in Japan and Korea, where the frequencies are unique.

Great phone and my daughter loves it.  We would buy it again if she lost the one she now has.  The first two sentences are enough and no more need be said

The phone had out dated software. I still liked the phone but had no use for it. As well, i returned it. The company was cooperative with me.

Phone is very nice, easy to use.  So far, I have only used it for phone calls.  I am not one who texts or uses any other media so can't speak for that.

Phone locked !!!!

Does what I want it to do, it is a replacement or backup phone since my other 6350 does not charge the battery anymore. A defective phone receptacle.  Happy with the 6350 because I don't text and do all this teenager stuff.

I got the phone for my father who is 89 years old.  He received the phone, put in the SIM card and everything worked fine.

I have had this phone for 6 months and it no longer recognizes the charger that came with it.  A couple of weeks ago, I contacted the seller about the battery since it would not hold a charge more than a day, and if I talked on it, only a few hours, but they said that there was nothing they could do about as I`d had it too long.  I totally wasted my money on this.  Very disappointing.

This cell phone doesn't work right now, only two days no power at all. I don't what happen. What should I do now

This phone was purchased for my father who had not changed phones in ten years. After purchasing the phone it was fairly easily to explain the features on the phone and for him to use the phone.

did not hold charge. also, out of network too often.  yesterday, could not turn on phone.waste of my money.  mary r.

I was really excited to get this phone for my dad (who does not need anything too advanced). I ordered it, shipped it to him, and it was broken. The power would not stay on as you open/closed the phone. Real disappointing.

Decent, simple to use for someone who just needs the phone to make calls. Keys are big and well located. My Mom loves it.

The phone worked okay (never great) for a little while.Using the camera more often than not required restarting the phone (otherwise it would say &#34;Not Allowed&#34;).Text messages took as much as 20 minutes to be able to access after restarting the phone.Loading up the menu took around 10-20 seconds.All of these were frustrations I begrudgingly put up with.  But not even 4 months into owning it, I plugged it in to charge one night...and in the morning, the phone was off (it was on when I plugged it in).  I could not get it to turn back on.An absolute waste of money.  DO NOT buy this phone!

The anounce says new!!!! but the original box is opened.Also there is no provided the headphone. I will test if works in Peru

The phone is fairly easy to use. Bought it for a lycamobile account I opened for my grandfather. It was easy to set up the speed dial that he likes to use and he really enjoys the phone. The only issue is that the volume on this phone is definitely not loud enough. Also it's too easily to accidentally open up something that will use data.

I  wasn't able to use the phone due to fact I opted to stay with my current  cell-phone..carrier.. .At&t  would not  transfer  my old number.or  the minutes... all a  matter of  staying  with  my current carrier..

While the features look great on paper, the usability of this phone is awful.The good:Easy to put together.Charger works great.Inserted my existing sim card and we're up and running, no problems.Makes phone calls when you dial.The bad:Usability usability usability.Menus are SLOW. Click an option and it seems like it didn't work.  But if you click again, oops you went too far...Waaaaaay too many useless apps pre installed and they can't be removed.  If you don't have a data plan, 80% of the features on this phone are inaccessible.  All the apps seem to be from AT&T.;The PPT button.  Way too easy to press, then you have to wait for it to tell you there's no data service (if no dataplan).The volume button is way too low, you have to hold your phone halfway too low to use it with your thumb.Would be great if they moved the PPT button and slid the volume up.You can't hold the phone in your right hand while charging.  The cable sticks out the side making it very difficult to hold.My phone seems to have a problem with turning off randomly for no apparent reason.  I don't know if its just mine or a common issue.  It appears to be truly random.  Lately it seems to not even want to turn back on, or it turns on and vibrates but immediately turns back off (It's fully charged).You have to hold the power on button far too long just to turn it on.The menus are just too annoying to use.  Menu, My Stuff, Tools, just to get to common basic applications like the alarm or calculator.So sloooooooow switching menus!Sim card holder is a bit wonky but not too difficult to get used to if you don't use it often.I've always liked nokia phones but this one is going back.

If not into smartphones there is no finer product if you want a flawless phone and quick to the point messaging.

It is a great cell phone. It works as it should and has absolutely all the features. I am very grateful

I did not get what I expected in this phone. There was no instruction manual. It does not have a speaker phone as was adverised. The ring tone is very soft even with at the maximum setting. It is very difficult to manuver on this phone. In addition, the reviews I read on this phone had the same problems as I mentioned. I will no doubt return it.After many attempts I was not able to contact any one at Amazon in Las Vegas. No one would ever answer the phone.

Phone is pretty BUT i dont know how to work it because it didnt come with a manual or booklet of anykind.....everything appeared to have been fondeled not used but definately handeled. I took my sim card out of my phone but the Nokia said no sim card.....went to my provider and actually had to get a new sim card......now if i only knew how to work it....i will google and figure it out.....i will update if necessary. The item came as stated.

PHONE WAS RECEIVED WITHIN AN ACCEPTABLE TIME PERIOD. WHEN MAKING CALLS I COULD HEAR THE PERSON I CALLED BUT THEY WERE UNABLE TO HEAR ME. hAD PHONE CHECKED AT 2 SEPARATE SITES AND BOTH SITES FOUND THE PHONE DEFECTIVE. RETURNING THE PHONE TO THE SUPPLIER....

This is hands-down the worst phone I've ever owned. I've even used prepaid phones that are superior. Let's get right to it, shall we?- The battery cover comes off if you even look at it the wrong way.- The paint is flaking off the cover, the plastic cover is coming off the screen, and the thing is just generally falling apart. I used the phone lightly, and my previous phones held up fine after years of such use.- An incredibly simple function like changing your ring settings requires navigating through about four levels deep of obscure menu options.- Other basic tasks, like adding a new contact, are similarly laborious.- Ditto for checking your voicemail.- I knew I was getting T9 texting, but still, basic stuff like entering numbers and special characters are far more difficult than they need to be.- One of the buttons on the side is a Push to Talk. I inadvertently push this about four times a day and have to close out of it.Maybe these all sound like small things, but this adds up to enormous frustration in using this phone, which is barely still in one piece. Keep looking!

Great Phone and excellent battery performance

It is exactly what I wanted, not flimsy, great sound, holds a charge longer than any I have ever had.  I have had a series of &#34;dumb phones&#34; -- I do not want a smart phone, but this one isn't even dumb.  Smart choice. fits great in my pocket.  You can't beat Nokia.

got it for my mother, who is not a fun of smart phone and finds it too complicated to use. She loves it and very easy for aged people to use

The phone simply does not work well, speaking ONLY of basic telephone use and not at all of all of the goodies the phone allegedly has.  It's as if it is still tied up in the ATT system so that one cannot really use certain basic features, such as accessing my address book without having a warning sign come up and block the list, saying that I'm not properly signed on to the network . . .

I wanted a flip phone after having problems with other touch screen types of cell phones.  Its a good phone but texting is hard since your using a 10 key phone pad.  Battery life is not great.

I like Nokia and chose this as a gift. It's locked to AT&T. I live in Trinidad so shipping back to Amazon was out of the question. Amazon issued me a partial refund. They try to keep the customer happy. I would not recommend this seller for unlocked phones. This rating does not judge the phone. I cannot rate it since it is locked and I have been unable to use it.

I gave this to my son and he loves it. It has all the features he wanted and it was a good price.

I love this phone. It looks good, and is very easy to use. If all you need is a cell phone for making and receiving calls, and maybe a little bit of texting this is the perfect phone. I talked my wife into buying one as well. She had one of those do everything phones which she never used. Just like me she had a hard time using the touch screen, this phone is perfect. I can even open and close it with one hand.

Bought this for my mother since she loves this style phone.  Arrived quickly.  Had an issue with incorrect charger being sent but that was remedied quickly. Thank you!  Phone is working great and my mother loves it.

Cumbersome procedure in switching to speaker phone upon placing a call.  Prefer a standard phone ring rather than a musical tone and apparently impossible to do, even on a pay for ring basis, per IT rep in my office, other than through alarm feature, but sound on that is too low, even with highest volume setting (any suggestions on this point?).

My husband likes his Nokia Cell, however something is wrong with the battery and its off by itself every five to ten second and its hard to figure it out what's happening because no manual booklet came with the phone.  On top of that we love the cell phone.

Had this phone before and really liked it.  Was glad to get another.  The used phone I received is clean and almost like new.

It had more features than I really wanted.  A bit more complicated for an older person like myself.  It works fine and it cranked right up.

I received a new cellphone in excellent conditiond but after sometime cellphone has presented some problems to receive calls and messages

I bought this flip cell phone for my wife she loves-it.She like flip phones specially with brite collors like this one

Works for me

On my previous Nokia flip phone, I was used to seeing the battery gradually discharge and I knew when it was time to recharge.  With this one.....battery symbol just goes red.  When I took off the back of the phone to remove the battery so that I could install my SIM card, it was a real chore to get the back to &#34;click&#34; in.  Other than that, a nice, little cellphone for the price.  Also, it was a &#34;revelation&#34; to me that my SIM did not contain my contacts.  Seems contact get saved to the phone, not the SIM card.  I fired up my old phone (no SIM card needed) and was able to see all my contacts.

I got this as a gift for my mom. It was a little challenged to get the sim card in at first but after the sim was inserted it worked perfectly.  She loves her phone and states that the fact that it flips open is a plus.

Brand new phone in original box.  It was exactly as advertised and worked perfectly when I swapped my SIM and memory cards.  My old 6350 was worn out after 2 years of use (and abuse), so this new 6350 is a perfect and low cost replacement that works great.

Good product, I read it in the description. very practical and comfortable, with simple system and a very nice color

Falsely advertised!  Phone was restricted. Could not get a restriction code from my carrier, because it has an AT&T logo, locked by AT&T. No code from AT&T because I was not their customer. No help from Nokia, needed carrier to request the code from Nokia. Returned phone without ever getting it to work.

I used my first Nokia 6250 for almost five years.  My husband and I looked at the new iPhone but I could barely read the fine print on the small screen.  I do not eMail, text, surf the internet or listen to music on a phone so do not want a data plan, just a simple phone that can hold my address book.My husband was in an ICU when the my first Nokia 6250 finally had to be replaced.  I put the sim card into my husband's  Blackberri and used it for a frustrating six weeks:  The tiny keys were difficult for my arthritic fingers to use, it was not nearly as comfortable to hold as the Nokia, and I'd never use most of it's features.  I finally gave up on it and found this phone on Amazon.I'm again happy to have a phone that meets my simple communication needs, is comfortable in my hand and easy to use.  I then purchased a mini iPad with a data plan.  It is SO much easier to read and use than the &#34;smart phones, and it easily slips into my purse.  For me, this is the best of both worlds!

for just your basic phone, you can't get better for the price.Texting in fine and can check email.The camera , not bad for 2mp.

I gave this as a gift for Christmas.  It was enjoyed so much I ordered a second for him for a backup.  If you still enjoy a simple flip phone, this is the phone for you.

AT&T now has a very poor selection of basic phones.  All are larger, thicker, and have less features than my old Nokia 6350 purchased almost 4 years ago.  I was fortunate to find this new Nokia 6350 when the ringer on my old phone stopped working.  My primary complaint is not with the phone itself but with the loaded AT&T software geared at data usage and extra purchases.  The phone has one month &#34;free trials&#34; that you must opt out of in order not to charged an ongoing monthly fee.  For example I do not need to pay $1.95/mo to display the city matching the area code of an incoming call.

The Nokia 6350 is one of the best phones I ever had. I never had any problem dialing from any place including outside the USA. This is my second Nokia 6350 and my first one last more then 3 yrs, working well. Its easy to use and understand the features.

This phone is worse than a lemon. Its a Walmart-sized tangerine. Stopped working after a few days. It takes forever to charge. After 10 hours of keeping on charge, it wouldn't have enough charge to switch on fully, let alone function. It would take a full day to charge and then drain in a day. I was traveling and too busy to return it within the specified time period. Had to buy another phone.Nokia is supposed to have good phones that keep their charge for a long time. I have always used Nokia, But never this model. and never again! Not sure if it was the phone or the seller selling these tangerines. Checked the charger and the battery - both seemed to be fine so it must be something badly made inside the phone.

Phone works great and was instantly activated with no problem at the AT&T; store. Has capacity for two SIM cards if you are a international traveler.Only issues is that the phone lacks an attachment point for a leash, a major pain for anyone keeping it in a purse or bag and the second display has few personalization options.Good functional phone at a great price for anyone who does not want or need a smart phone AND no 2 yr contract!!Only three stars due to lack of leash.

The Nokia 6350 arrived on time and securely packaged. It is everything that is stated in the profile and I really like having this phone. I added a 16GB micro SD card to store music on.

it is hard to charge, It does not recognize the charger which is a generic travel charger not the original. it came only with this charger, no papers, no booklet no headphones. it is a defective refurbished phone. I am waiting for the sellers to answer my claim.

could not get this to work even though we were replacing the EXACT same phone. Every AT&T store we went to told us that we had been sold a pre-used phone and that they could not activate it.

Hello just fine product it is not all the languages &#8203;&#8203;I have in Hebrew and there is why I was disappointed

My first cell phone was a Nokia. It was wonderful. But I dropped it several times. It was my own faults.This Nokia model doesn't live up to Nokia standards.To accept incoming calls, I have to push 3 bottons.After I make a phone call, I cannot make another call immediately. I have to wait until it is ready again. It doesn't take long. But it is a nuisance.DON'T buy this Nokia model.

I bought this phone as the description said it is unlocked. When I on the phone after placing my sim, I was asked to enter a pin to unlock the device. This is falsely advertised. Do not buy this phone.

We got one for my brother who's travel in Europe and  this phone not make it 4 weeks froze up.buy little better name product pay by them self and save you madness

The numbers and writing are way too small and the battery does not last very long !!! Not real satisfied with it !!!

This is my first &#34;flip&#34;phone. It is easy to use but I find it does not hold a charge as long as my old Nokia phone did.  Also the volume on the side of the phone is a little inconvenient as I am hard of hearing and sometimes I hit the button and the volume is lowered by mistake.

Let me start by saying I hate smart phones.  This little phone does everything I want from a phone, tells time on the front little screen (until you have had one that made you open it to see the time you don't know what a convenience the front screen is) calendar, alarms, highly customizable main screen display, MP3 player, with some know-how and a micro SD card you can get your mp3s to play as ring tones, and great colour!  It worked immediately when I slipped my aio wireless SIM card in!I am really happy with this little phone, but like any phone there are a few little drawbacks; first I wish it had alerts for reminding me of missed calls, I had one that would beep ever 15min. so I wouldn't forget to check my phone for missed calls if I didn't happen to hear the ring.  The only other downfall I can think of is that the features aren't set up intuitively, it takes some getting used to finding simple things like changing your wall paper and and ring tones amongst all of the menu options.

Yes, I hate changes. I love my flip phone. My old one was held together with scotch tape and worked like a charm but, hey it had to be replaced. It took a lot of beatings and kept right on working until I got me a new one. Just like the old Time Ex watches takes a beating and keeps on ticking. Something like that.

I got this for my parents , my dad got my mom a smartphone and she is just not into it, she likes the regular no fuss kind, I found this on amazon and it was everything she needed, I really loved seeing her face when she got it and could actually make and receive calls. I would recommend this for anyone who likes a simple phone, great look, great feel, very light, great clarity in sound, just a really nice phone.!!

We received the phone, followed instructions from removing the battery to inserting the SIM card went to charge it but it never turned on!will be returning it tomorrow!

Bought this phone for my mom to use and it has already quit working.  I just wanted to get her a simple phone to make and receive calls and it is so hard to find flip phones for the &#34;older&#34; generation to use...she had less than a month and it won't even turn on/stay on...apparently there is a loose connection somewhere internally???  Go figure....just when my dad has to go to a rehab facility after surgery..perfect timing!

I got this phone to replace my old Nokia.  It arrived new, but with no manual. Not a huge deal.  It's my third Nokia, and I really am stuck on the brand. It's durable. Red isn't my favorite color, but I settled for it because of the price. I was surprised that it's a nice deep red with a matte finish. It works great for what I need which is mostly talking and minimal texting. It works fine with my AT&T plan that I don't like to renew.  I don't see committing for 2 more years just for a free phone.  I gave it 4 stars because it lacks any good ring tones and message tones. A little nit-picky, I know.

Nice phone very easy and simple to use. This is my second one. Will probably get another in 2 years if still available.

This phone is the second one I have bought of this type. The first one started turning off on a whim early on, even in the middle of calls. I returned it and replaced it with another one. This one worked for about four months then the same thing started happening . This morning it turned off while I was trying to answer a call from a prospective employer..

I bought this phone to replace the one of the same model that I had had for 3 years.  I loved my phone but it just wasn't holding up any longer...the external screen gave up the ghost.  So I bought this one to replace it and I'm brand new again and loving it just as much as I loved the original.  Great size, feel, touch and just the features I need.  I highly recommend this phone for anybody that doesn't want a smart phone but just wants a good, solid, reliable phone for calls and texting.

This phone does not work.  it won't connect and it loses its charge.  I am hoping they will replace it.

too much useless at&t stuff on it.. hard to navigate.. not all functiions worked..  returned it.. company and service is good , just not the phone.

Functionality is great.  Nokia probably my favorite phone manufacturer.  Only complaint on this one is short battery life.  Charging it every other day.

Everything. Is great. Working. Good no problem good service good connection I recommended others. To use this. Phone high quality

The flip phone nokia 6350 Fades in and out , doesn't receive or transmit well. Probably wouldn't buy it again.

It seems older people just want to make ph calls. Text every now and then. My husband said it's great and the pad #'s are larger than his old ph.

Had another brand with a touch screen that didn't work well.  If you touched the phone, not even the screen, it would disconnect the incoming call.  Couldn't carry it in my pocket.  Slightest movement would make the phone do who knows what even with the touchscreen locked.  Gave up on touchscreens after the manufacturer of that phone replace the original and still had the same problem.  Had to discontinue my unlimited data plan because the carrier (AT&T) didn't care about the problem with the new phone.  I had it over 30 days and that was enough for them .  This is an unlocked world phone.  That means I can use it with any carrier anywhere in the world.  When my contract with AT&T (yes, they gave me the other phone for a penny when I signed a two year contract, phone doesn't provide what I paid for but the contract is still in effect), I can use this same phone when I switch carriers.  The only thing I don't like on this phone is the inability to delete unused icons from the menu screen, or to put icon shortcuts on the screen that you do use.  Have to open an icon (My Stuff) then scroll to a menu item  (Tools) then scroll to Recent Calls to see who called you when you were unavailable.  Would be nice to have that menu item as an icon on the main screen.  RECEPTION IS GREAT.  Have to emphasize that feature.  I'm in a rural 3G area (4G coming soon, or so they say) and the other phone from AT&T had two, one or no bars of service.  This phone has either four or five all the time.  Never dropped a call like it did all the time with the Pantech Renue from AT&T.

All we had to do is switch the sim card from the old phone and all information went over to the new phone. We have AT&T and the old phone was the identical model.

Great phone very easy to use simple I love it works well  price is great to .camera works well to

I bought it for my mom as a Christmas gift, when we open this phone it require registration number that's mean the phone is not unlocked. I call Amazon they said i need to call manufacturer to get unlocked number and they gave me a oversees phone number(Nokia manufacturer in Finland) to get unlock number, I waste my money and time, I wants my money back. everyone Careful, when u buy from Amazon

The Nokia 6350 itself is fine, but I needed an unlocked phone  This phone from this supplier was not unlocked.  I've purchased two other unlocked phones on Amazon and had have no problems using them on my network with my SIM card.I can't remember the exact wording of the message displayed, but I looked on the Internet and found the message meant the phone was still locked.  I also found that unlock codes are offered online for about $20 with the disclaimer that the codes are not guaranteed to work.  I decided to return the phone.

Bought this to replace an older one, which was the same model and color. Older one was beat-up sfter ~4 years of use (and abuse).

I bought this phone for my mother  - when I got it to her it never worked - turns out it was burnt out to start and the cost of fixing it was more than the cost of the phone to begin with. Was unable to return it but will never buy this or other phones here again

This is not new as describe...more of refurbished.  Phone would automatically shutdown.  When you are on a call you can hear the other end but they can not hear you.  missing instruction manual.  Horrible phone!!!!

i am so bummed. i bought this phone after reading all the great reviews for my daughters first ever phone on her birthday. she opened it and was so excited. we are living in costa rica so i needed something unlocked. i tried to activate it and put a local chip in only to find out its locked and i need a password to use it. please don't sell a phone as unlocked if its locked.

I needed another spare phone for emergencies.  This phone fills that role and meets my cost guidelines.  It is an excellent phone.

This phone has all features that I need; it fits in my pocket with its small size - works great and so was the price.

I bought this phone for my father in April.  The product appeared to arrive in good order.  However; after only 2 weeks of use the battery completely died and will not hold a charge any longer.  We have searched to see if we can buy a replacement battery to no avail.  I am not out 60.00 and have a phone that isn't usable and an expired expiration policy.  Is there anything that can be done to replace the phone at this point????  PLEASE HELP!
