
My son wanted this iPhone and he is so happy.  It was as describe no problem getting it activated and it was a good deal.

The phone arrived as promised and packaged well. It did appear to be a new phone complete with charger and ear buds. The curious part came when I tried to activate it. Went online at Sprint and entered the activation number that I found on the sticker on the outside of the box. The system would not take it. After three tries I was connected to a chat line. I was asked to once again enter the number and it was once again rejected. I was told to turn on the phone and check the number stored in the phone. I did and found it was different than the number on the box. When we entered that number the activation was completed.So I was just curious why a new phone would come in a box that had different activation numbers. Otherwise, 5 stars.

Most people know what the iPhone is all about, so there's no need for me to rant about the different features it has. However, what I will say that this is a true upgrade coming the Blackberry Torch 9850. I didn't upgrade because i wanted to, but because I had to. Im happy I ran into that obligation. my choice of phones was between the 4s or the 5. I wasn't eligible for an upgrade until mid June of next year I was force to buy a phone for the full price and surprisingly both the iPhone 4S and 5 were the same price (649.99+ tax). When I compared both phone, I didn't see any distinct feature(s) that the 5 had over the 4s (besides being faster and thinner) so I decided to buy the 4s from a third party (Amazon) saving me over $200. I must say I am very please with this phone. Now I see why Apply customer are nuts.

i have bought a IPHONE 4S and cheeped to Angola, but unfortunatly i cannot use it because its locked and came with a sprint sim n ICC ID8901010 / 018633051660F card, according to Sprint assistant this a stolen IPHONE and cannot be unlocked.Please revert ASAP

Hi, I am interested in the article but I need to know if it is factory unlocked? because I want to use with an operator in Venezuela ...

The iPhone was represented as used, which it was. The description did not mention the Otter commuter box which came with the iPhone, which was a nice surprise. However, the iPhone has been less reliable than my previous new phone was, although how I use the phone has not changed. I noticed the first day that the battery runs down faster, and is sometimes depleted before the day is over. A new twist is that now I cannot put some calls through. When I enter a phone number to place a phone call, the screen indicates the call is connected because the seconds are incrementing. However, I don't hear a ring or hear the receiving party. This is inconvenient for a phone. I wonder what feature will have reduced functionality next. I expected that a phone, although used, would be more reliable and that its deficits would have been clearly described in the offering information. Even on Amazon, with a highly ranked seller, buyer beware.

My phone works great..... I love it. I did not need an IPhone 5 , so I was pleased to get this for such a great price.

Working well so far and came in great condition as described. As a matter of fact I'm posting from it right now!

I had an EVO and I thought it was the best phone in the world and I was wrong. As fate would have it I broke my EVO and needed a new phone and I took a chance on the IPhone 4S. I am so happy with it. The pictures are by far clearer than any other phone. The pictures are so clear you will believe that something is wrong with your sight because the pictures are clearer than your vision.The sound on the phone is louder than any other phone.The internet connection is by far faster than any other phone.And the screen is glass so it isn't likely to break but if it does every mall in America repairs cracked IPhone screens on the spot.The camera lens isn't protruding like with other phones, it is hidden so it will not be damaged if you drop the phone.Only bad thing is you have to pay for music.I love my IPhone and I will never go back to Android....ever ever ever

Cell phone is nice and convenient, however came with a small defect, because the mute button does not work well and I have to make several attempts to get the correct position.

First of all, the new iPhone 5 looks great, I bought the 4s since I live in a non-4G area and the screen size would have been the only real difference for me.  iPhone 4s at $99 seemed to make sense for me at least, as I was buying two (one for me, one for the wife) and we already have many devices that use the dock connector.  It just made sense for us, but may not make sense for everyone.The iPhone is a wonderful device, no matter which one of the current offerings you get, the 4 or 4s are still wonderful devices even if the 5 is already out.  I would have gotten the 5 if I lived in a 4G area and didn't have to worry about the extra money, but as it is...Anyway, I will try to outline the 4s as it relates to my experience so far.&#128230; UNBOXINGiPhone 4s is elegantly boxed as is expected for Apple products these days, unboxing is a big part of the overall experience and you will not want to discard any part of the packaging.  I have mine displayed on my glass top desk, beside my iMac and OS X Tiger, Leopard, and Aperture 3 boxes.  It makes a beautiful display piece and keepsake.  Everything is included in the box -- the iPhone, wall outlet adapter, USB to Dock connector cable, and ear pods (not the newer type for iPhone 5, but still stellar).&#128297;  SETUPSetup couldn't be easier, just select your locality, network, etc...  and you are up and running.  If you are like me and like to tweak your iCloud, iTunes Match, and other settings -- well, you know what to do.  Easy as Sunday morning.&#128507;  AESTHETICSThe iPhone 4s is a gorgeous phone, from its glass front, the metal band outlining it, to the glass back -- it's the best looking phone available today.  The screen has one of the highest pixel densities available on a smartphone, with the Retina display -- it's gorgeous!  And the shiny apple symbol and lettering on the back are so eye pleasing.&#128296;  BUILD QUALITYPerhaps no other phone on the market offers such a high build quality, and you can feel it when it is in your hand -- it just feels solid and well made.  That is no surprise as it is the best made phone available, bar none.&#128207;  FOOTPRINTThis phone is perfect in size for most hands, save for the largest hands out there.  It has been designed to be the right size for most of us and it shows, many of the other makers are putting huge screens on their phones, some have dubbed them as "phablets" and that is pretty much an accurate term for them -- too big for one hand operation, too small for a tablet.&#127759;  REAL WORLD USEOk, this phone is easy to use, and most of the apps you have purchased for your iPad (if you have one) will work with the iPhone 4s, and the standard apps work between your iMacs, Mac Minis, iPads and this phone.  This is a BIG deal for me as I keep shopping lists, passwords, business cards, recipes, and everything else you can imagine -- all in sync with the iPhone 4s.  If I update a password on one device I have the updated password on every device automatically via iCloud sync.  No interaction necessary other than entering it into one device.  This is a big, BIG deal as me and my wife draw off the same databases.  Having them all in sync means we never forget a password, account number, grocery item, etc...  We have had and do have Androids and could never get anything that even came close to iCloud sync on them.&#128267;  BATTERY POWERWell, when it comes to battery power on any of these smart phones the deal is -- they suck it down.  On average we get a days worth of power from a full charge.  It's pretty good for a smartphone, but no doubt will get better as battery technology gets better I'm sure.&#128187;  INTEGRATIONiPhone 4s, as stated above, just connects with all your devices.  iTunes, iCloud, iTunes Match all work flawlessly with the 4s.  Your iMacs/Mac Minis/Apple TV's/iPads will work with very little-to-no-interaction required on your part.  They just work.&#128247;  CAMERAThis camera takes a great picture for a phone, especially since the iOS 6 update -- now you can take panoramic shots with it!  The camera is one of the best available, even if the megapixels are not as high as some, the pictures are usually just as good, if not better.&#127925;  MUSICOne often overlooked feature of this phone is the fact that it is also an iPod touch.  With iTunes Match you have yourself quite the advanced music player which is easy to use and intuitive.  The ear buds that come with this have a control feature/mic feature on them, so you can put the phone in your pocket and control it from the ear buds -- nice touch.&#128225;  PHONEThe Antenna is somewhat weaker than my other Android phones, but I still get a crisp, clean signal from Sprint in my area.  Phone calls are easy, SIRI makes it even easier to make a call.&#128302;  APPSThere is no substitute for the Apple App store, there are SO MANY APPS available.  Pretty much anything you want to do -- there is an app for that.&#128251;  ACCESSORIESAgain there are just tons and tons of accessories for this phone, if someone hasn't made one yet someone probably will.  iPhone has more apps and accessories than any other phone hands down, from covers to all sorts of cool and useful stuff.CONCLUSIONWhile there is no way for any one reviewer to cover all of the things that make this phone great, I feel this phone is the best out there by far based on my use.  If you want a great phone which just works - get one of these iPhones.  There is no tweaking or rooting required to get everything you would ever want to do with this phone, just set it up and use it.  It's a work of art, a technological marvel, and a functional item all in one.OVERALLGet it!

My wife likes the phone and will upgrade as soon as our provider allows he too. also very happy with the camera.

I have used this phone on the Sprint network for the past 21 months.Twenty-one months of frustration with Sprint service is enough. I am very excited that I can fire Sprint in three short months.Ten months ago I bought an iPad mini from Verizon. I carry both devices. I frequently get messages on the iPad ten minutes before the iPhone. Sprint's data service is so spotty, even text messages and voice mail are delayed. It can often be longer, but a ten minute delay is typical (visual voice mail and Apple messaging).I can never rely on having a solid data connection. When traveling in rural areas, data is impossible to find. In many of the same areas, I get strong 4G or 3G on the Verizon iPad. Owning both devices clearly illustrates how inept the Sprint network really is. Even in a metro with 500,000 people, I frequently am forced to find a wifi hot spot in order to use the web to get data or files for my work if I don't carry the iPad.Sprint is weak in cities, and useless in rural areas and small towns. I travel frequently for business and I regret my Sprint purchase daily. Unlimited data is not a value if you cannot access it.The 4S is a good device. If you are considering the 4S, I definitely don't recommend it on Sprint. I would trade my iPhone on Sprint in a heartbeat for the klunkiest phone n Verizon because the phone is crippled by the Sprint network. If you are considering the 4S on a different network, I highly recommend spending a bit more for a 4G device. 4G networks are ten times faster, even on reliable networks. A positive smartphone experience is dependent on good data service.In 2013, the 4S is beyond obsolete because of the 3G data service. A 3G-data iPhone 4S on Sprint is so crippled that I would only recommend it if the person has constant wifi access. If you do have constant wifi access, an iPod touch is all you need. This phone on Sprint is obsolete and is not really a good choice for anyone.

I bought this gift for my Boyfriend and he LOVED IT!!! This is a brand new toy for him!!! LOL

Good transaction ! Very happy with the phone

I received a Verizon phone not to mention it was used!In the description it says new!!Not used I did not pay $400 dollars for this!I contacted the sell and amazon!The seller sent me a returning label on Friday and I sent it back Friday so it should be there on Tuesday!I just want my phone I orders already! My Sprint iPhone 4S 16gb! New!!!  They better send it to me with in this week like they said they were!I am outraged.Amazon on the other hand said if they don't they'll have to take matters in there own hands.I just want my phone! They should send me a free case or something now for there mistake! Mad...mad...mad..

Once received it met all expectations!  My son was very happy to receive this as a Christmas gift.  It continues to perform wonderfully!

I just got this today and it looks brand new.Thank you so much. Nothing wrong at all with it. very clean

i bought my son a replacement phone and when it arrived it was in great shape, it look like a new phone.

This seller was extremely helpful, and willing to put in much appreciated extra effort so that I would have my phone shipped to me quickly. I would recommend buying any product from this seller because they are trust worthy, helpful, and extremely kind. I had my phone expedited to me, and it was no hassle or argument. Everything went smoothly, and I am very, very happy!!

Apple iPhone 4S 16GB (Black) - sprint, mobile phones labeled as very really true, should be good, after the receipt of the goods found the phone glass front panel corners of serious bump sneer temporarily, over a period of time to prepare for the Apple 5now with no problems.

I was very skeptical about ordered a used phone from the web. But this phone is much better than described. I could not tell it had ever been used. There aren't any scratches or cracks. I've been using it for about a month and it works perfectly! It has a great battery life and runs smoothly. It also came earlier than the projected arrival date. I'm very happy with my purchase.

I bought this used for less than 300 bucks and it came with the box and accessories and was in mint condition.  It was a Christmas gift so I was worried what it would look like but it looks brand new.  The ESN was clean and we activated it just fine.

why you take from my credit carte yhe amente of 360 dollarsi send to you your apple phone because this ulockedand you telle me okwahts this

The product is not what you wanted, try to connect several times to the seller, without any success, the product had a flaw in the letter &#34;a&#34; does not work and I asked for an unlocked phone and sent me a locked phone

ecxelentes condiciones era lo que esperaba ,satisfecho con el articulo y compraria nuevamente  y exitos a ustedes y saludos desde venezuela

I love it but after two weeks I had to get it replaced because the lock button jammed. I like it so much more than android though

the iphone is great. the only problem i had was the fact that the charger wasnt working. luckily, i had my ipods charger and that worked for it. overall i highly recommend it

Product is good, works fine, but I decided to stay with AT&T and this is a Sprint. I asked for an exchange or to return it and no one replied to me. So just make sure its exactly what you need and hope nothing changes because you're stuck with it, reguardless of what policy is stated

It is not like new , lier !!! There is a big huge scrach on the button !Lier lier lier!

Thanks! You did a good job

After having this phone activated I found it was defective,  The volume was abnormally low even when turned up to the max.  I took the phone in to the Sprint store and they ran a diagnostic test.  They did confirm there was an issue but could not do more than a diagnostic without opening the phone.  I procrastinated sending the phone back because I wanted to remove my personal data and did not receive a full refund.  I won't be order a phone online again.

This phone was exactly as described. It has a small chip on the top corner but you couldn't tell especially if you had a case on the phone.I had no problems contacting sprint and setting it up. Had the phone for about a year before I moved over to T-Mobile

So all four corners of the metal antenna are pretty dinged up. There is heavy scratching on the face, and chipping on the edge of the face and back. Not very like new. It also has quite a bit of dirt in the connector and edges of the antenna.

the order arrived on time, the phone was in great condition, it was with the right carrier, it came in the original box with all parts included, and it had a clean esn, perfect.

always i was away from iphone for many years it doesn't mean that i don't like iphones but this is my first iphone and i love it

This iphone was brought for my son..his other iphone was stolen and I didn't want to have to sign up for another two year plan...took it to sprint to activiate...activated with no interuptions...(Just had to wait in the Sprint store forever)...He is very pleased with the iphone...I would recommend buying from this merchant again...The iphone came just as described...it even came faster then expected...which put a smile on my son's face....and when he's happy I'm happy...thanks for the quick service.

My phone is perfect. No problems whatsoever. I am completely happy with it. It was much cheaper this way than buying a new phone from the company without an upgrade. Thank you very much.

Tried to activate phone and Sprint told me it was reported lost or stolen. Phone was brand new in the box. Beware when purchasing phones on amazon.

did not work upon opening it. blamed me for it not working. had to pay for shipping back and a &#34;restock fee&#34;. so I basically paid 100 for a phone that I shipped back that never worked.

This is a can not insert sim activated iPhone4sUnable to activateIs lockedIs lockedIs lockedIs lockedIs lockedIs lockedIs locked

this came with very few small scratches.  everything works and my daughter loves it!  would definitely recommend to someone else.

Despite that the phone was in quality condition, this phone was unable to be activated on my account because it was reported as lost/stolen and can never be activated. I AM OUTRAGED! I have waited for days for this phone to get here only to realize that this was a scam. Poor choice.

It all may be pass&eacute; to some folks, but I'm rather late into the smartphone game. This Apple iPhone 4S is my first, and I feel like I've rocketed to the future.WHAT I LIKEIt was a toss-up between the 4 and 4S. I'm so glad I picked 4S. I love Siri. She can dial my numbers for me. She knows who Mom, Dad, and husband are. I tell her to set my alarm and she does it. I let her remind me to do something when I leave and she never forgets. She is a wonderful friend. Voice recognition is not perfect, but it's pretty good for simple tasks.I especially love the camera. I take a photo and a copy goes straight to my PC. I don't have to think about it. I have a Pogoplug, and it sends photos straight to that, also.My calendar and email addresses also automatically sync. Wow. I didn't know that until I opened them up and found them all populated.WHAT COULD BE IMPROVEDI don't think typing on the screen is easy. While setting up my iPhone, I had lots of complicated passwords to enter. For that, I used a Motorola Bluetooth keyboard, which I highly recommend. For entering events and typing emails, I sometimes use the voice software and go back to correct errors.3G is very slow. I have to say, I'm already looking forward to my next phone two years from now, when it will likely be 4G. I'm making do with WI-Fi, which works wonderfully. On 3G, it's like having a dial-up connection.Still, I love my iPhone. I'm not going back. My phones will be smart forevermore.

i placed the order and two days later i received it. kind of sketchy though because it was wrapped in three plastic bags and put into a box. the phone however is in great condition. i hope it wasnt stolen lol

The phone works great. The outside of the phone had a lot of scratches on it. I received my phone in a timely fashion and had no issues having it activated.

I love it no scratches or anything wrong with it. It function perfectly no lag what so ever everything is smooth

The phone only work for 1 day and I return it and still don't get a new phone or my money back and I am very ,very disappointed because I purchase the phone for my son birthday and to find out the is no good! Yes I am upset .

I chose 3 stars because they are new but both iphones does not have a headphone. Would be very good if they were.

I do NOT recommend using Sprint for cell service with iPhones.I've been a customer of Sprint's for 13 years and received a threatening letter from them, today, telling me that, (all of sudden) I am using too many roaming minutes on our two phones. I checked the phones and saw that, as I thought, data roaming was not turned on. I called Sprint and was told that although data roaming on iPhones may be turned off, it still uses data roaming and that you have to turn ALL roaming off. Seriously?! We live in the woods and I need my phone. The problem isn't with too much voice roaming, just data, but I can't use voice, either?! Nonsense! This is a problem between Sprint and Apple, not me. Sprint sold me the phones, Sprint sold the plan at this address, and now Sprint is mad because we're using the phones.Screw them, they can go ahead and drop me, I'll go to one of their competitors who are doing a better job than they are, in terms of coverage, anyway.

my last 4s iphone got stolen and I had to buy another one for as cheap as I possibly could. This was actually a good deal and they phone is &#34;like new&#34; although, I can tell it is used. Everything is working fine so far but I'm babying the phone since my last iphone experience had affected me. Anyways, great deal and I got it pretty quickly. I'd recommend it.

Thank you for the product . iPhone 4s  gorgeous condition , didn't activate it yet so I hope for good ESN :D ok going to jailbreak  now TATA

Seller had sold me a stolen phone. VERY unexpectable. Who the hell sells a stolen phone off amazon?! Bull**** very aggravated. And when I called them they didn't even sound concerned. The main person I talked too wasn't even professional when he answered the phone..all he said was &#34;hello?...um who is this&#34; who the f*** answers a phone like that. Never buy anything from them. They still haven't even returned my money to my card yet...it's been a week sense it go to their location. If I could give them negotiable stars I would.

Got this 2 years ago and its still running great, came with no wear or scratches, and exactly as described. Thanks a ton! Awesome phone!!!

I got my iPhone about a month ago, and it looked fantastic! But when I tried charging it, it literally took the whole day to get to a hundred percent. It kept switching from the bolt, to the plug symbol. This made me mad. But when I just plugged it into the computer, it took about eh, a good hour or so to fully charge. So just last night I realized that it wasn't my phone that was acting up, it was the plug that was broken. Luckily I have an old plug I can use and now it works perfectly fine.

dont buy it from this person, they are stolen.  whoever it is will send it to you with no esn on it, so that means it's stolen.  plus they are pretty much jipping you about 200 dollars.

The product what I Received looks great but with no packaging and no charger, and I don't know if this product was originally like this.

got this for my son for christmas as a replacement for his current phone.  The phone is still in great working condition.

the phone was on sprint with a sprint sim card, i think it is already unlocked, perfect condition, no problems, just like a regular iphone would work, if your looking for a cheap iphone 4s or in a budget, get this, and if you are looking for a five star or great reviews, get this.

Love it!! Not a single scratch on there & I got 2 free cases from the company just for buying a phone! Highly recommend!!

The phone is locked. I can not use it.worse buy.I regret that I bought the phone I can not use it

phone arrived exactly when they said and it was better than expected!!!  No problems connecting to sprint.  Very happy customer

I really love this phone. I had previously used a 3GS with ATT, but our work decided that Sprint was a better deal. I love this phone. I love using Siri, and the funny things it generates, I don't know how it knows what to say, but there are a lot of funny things you can ask your phone, and the responses that come back from it are funny.I have the 32GB black model. I had the 16GB white model on ATT. I really love the new design, my battery from the start on the 3GS was never the greatest, dead almost always from gaming, etc. So I got this and was HONESTLY expecting the same outcome, but it worked tons better and believe it or not the charge lasted me 2 days with heavy use, Gaming, gps, notes, emails (pushed) everything, and it was down to only 70% the first night. My 3GS would have probably been dead.As for cons: I have two, but I usually just listen to music on my headphones or stereo, so I'm not going to take it off rating, but I did want to mention it. First was the wireless syncing, I had ICLOUD installed on my last iPhone and when i went to wireless sync my songs and such back, only about 40 percent of my stuff will actually play. It will either skip to the next song, or just pause itself. I fixed that by restoring it on the phone itself, and then hooking it into the computer. It has worked fine with my prev. Iphone so that may be something that needs to be worked out so that you can do that without errors. I'm not the only one to experience this issue. I've seen it before on other websites.The second con, deals with the sound quality. This may just be me, but it sounds a little bit more muffled than the 3GS during playing music on iPod. But overall I'm happy that I got this phone. I don't think that it will disappoint at all, I know people that own this and have no regrets or issues. I definitely consider this a big jump from the 3GS speed-wise, but I've heard and my friend that had a 4, didn't really notice any changes, but siri.Another con that I JUST noticed is that after updating to the 5.0.1 update, sometimes my camera doesn't open. I have to restart the phone to sometimes get the camera lens to open, I don't know if this means my camera is going out or what? But it does that once and awhile. Also sometimes the song volume bar freezes, but I can hit the side keys for that anyway. I really don't have any other complaints, and I feel strongly, the ones I just added are software related, and the next update SHOULD fix that.

This why people don't trust the Internet. Why do this.i just wanted a phone. Why did u have to one of those people.

The iPhone bought was just as it was listed... Very happy with the phone but the items with the phone was a lil random

The phone works awesome and I had no problems activating it...shipped on time also. Great buy! Everything the advertisement said was true and I'm really happy with this product.

Got iPhone it looked fine until after i turned it on and the set up was complete. I then found that it was someones phone, it still had all their text messages and contacts in it, all there apps, ect. I contacted Srint to find that it is not lost or stolen, and can be activated. Still, the page said new iPhone and it was not it had been activated for 4 months. For $100 dollars more I could have bought a brand new one at retail price, just be aware of what you're getting yourself into.

I bought 4 of them week ago. These phones are in great condition. However, when I called sprint to unlock the sim slot. They said I had to be a sprint customer. If I want to sign a contract, I can just spend less than 100 to get a new one. For >300, I would like to use it in a prepaid plan which cost much less money for a person who does not have lots of phone calls. One loyal iphone fan who has his/her iphone broken would be good to buy this item. Otherwise, it does not worth the money. (Update) just find out, it could be good in some prepaid plan providers who use sprint network.I did not try it. But you'd better call them before placing your orders.

I switched from an HTC Evo 4g to an IPhone. It took some getting use to, but now I wouldn't have anything else.This particular phone can be a little slow, and freezes sometimes.  I just close all the apps, and it goes right back to normal.

The first  item I have bought through Amazon trade in program.It was in better condition than they listed.Zero scratches, works perfectly.Would buy from that program again.

Got my iphone early which was awesome and it also works great which also got me smiling badly very badly so highly recommend getting it

the phone is realy in goooood condition like new.I enjoyed it very much.Thank you for the shopping.I am very satisfied with the phone

friend goodnight I wonder the real conditions of the equipment detailed, if released to any carrier, if the phone is defective, which has details of use, since I'm from Venezuela and I'll put up with the operator and let me know mosvistar would work with that carrier. Thanks dde sincere and honest reply depends my purchase

The item looks nice and compact, or maybe too compact if your hands are big....however applications are very practical and easy to learn.

Bought a phone supposedly BRAND NEW and 3 months later had to take it to the apple store because internet wouldn't work and find out they cant even work on it because the phone had been tampered with and the front screen wasn't even an apple product!! Now I cant even contact seller because # is disconnected!  BE WARNED

My daughter just love her gift. Not an apple fan but the price was good. Also got the 5 for my son.

I enjoy buying expensive things for cheap... heck I enjoy buying cheap things for even cheaper. Last year my son took his iphone 4s down the waterslide into a large pool TWICE... needless to say, the phone died that day. He had to wait 9 months to get a new one. And this is the one we bought. The seller was honest, which is more important to the cheap-skate than the price! The phone was box-ready, meaning the moment we took it out of the box it was ready for use. We dialed up our carrier, activated the phone, and my son was snapchatting within moments of the package delivery. Thankyou for the HONESTY! I would buy from this seller anytime~ But let's just hope my son stays clear of the waterslides when carrying his phone!

The whole process from start to finish was a Great experience! Thanks for my phone, I love it! I'm very happy with everything, Thanks!

It's very good condition, my brother like it. I will looking forward to get more in the near future for gifts!

I bought my 4s I Phone don't knowing that was locked for Sprint use only. And I don't know how to deal with that problem now. And to pay u$s 50 a month (the Sprint Fee), seems too much to use only a Month per year in USA.

We received the phone quickly from vendor but had problems with phone and was never able to use the phone. Upon contacting the vendor there was no problem returning the phone. The overall transaction was very professional just the out of pocket expense and wasted time which is at times unavoidable. As for the phone since we did not get a chance to use it, not really sure how to rate the phone.

Very good condition, but still waiting to get it unlocked.  When you put in your search engine unlocked, that's what you hoe to find.

The first phone , I was sent was a Verizion phone , I paid and had the phone sent back, I was promise, THAT THE PHONE WAS A MISTAKE, THEN I WAS SENT ANOTHER PHONE AND IT WAS A JAIL BREAK PHONE FROM BOOST MOBILE. I HAD TAKE BOTH PHONES TO SPRINT TO HAVE THEM ACTIVATED THEY WERE NOT , THEY WERE NOT SPRINT PHONES. I NEED A PHONE FOR MY SON, SO I COULD STAY IN CONTACT SINCE I WORK SECOND SHIFT, SO I HAD TO TRADE THE PHONE TO SPRINT TO , SO MY SON WOULD HAVE A PHONE, I WAS SO TIED RUNNING BACK AND FORTH HAVING THEM TO TO TRY TO ACTIVATE PHONES, I LOSE A LOT OF MONEY FOR WHAT I PAID FOR THE PHONE, I HAVE THIS BAD EXPERIENCE AND WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING  OFF LINE ANYMORE.Dixon

Broke the screen on my old phone and didn't want to pay full price. Phone works great, came quickly. Would definitely buy from them again.

Product arrived on time and just as describedvery happy I would definately purchase from this buyer in the future

bought for my daughter she loves loves phone,looks great no scratches perfect condition...gave 4 stars because came with no charger

Great product. Replaced my android eve which I grew to not being able to stand. The iPhone has no problems other than it being a little more user friendly.

Very good phone easy to use and just the right size no need for a giant phone that  hard to carry around in your pocket.

I purchased the iPhone 4s through Amazon to try and save money. I have tried to activate the phone through Sprint only to find that it is stolen. I am returning the phone today and if my money is not returned I will take legal action. Save the hassle and just don't buy from this company. Keep in mind this review is solely rated to the seller, NOT the iPhone 4s

If you notice the customer feedback on rob's house of good times is NOTHING but negative. The seller is claiming to offer products, but in reality has no intention whatsoever on providing them. The seller just collects the money from the buyers, and hopes that they do not notice and/or care enough to file a claim and get a refund. I am glad I went through Amazon, so I know I am protected&#8230;but I am very upset with how much of an inconvenience this has been. If only I had read all the feedback before placing my order with this person.

This product works fine, I just really prefer androids.  I would spend the extra money and get a newer droid next time.

First, I want to say, I ordered a Iphone 4s on Nov. 12rd but you just gave me a Iphone4.

This phone was advertised as New.  It clearly was a used Sprint phone shipped in an AT&T box.  A ding on the front made it impossible to get a good seal on the protective cover.  I thought Amazon had higher standards.

This is my second burn on trying to get a phone. Once through Craigs List and now Amazon. The phone says black when it is a white one, however, that doesn't bother me as much as the use of the phone. I have it up as loud as it will go and I can barely hear whom I am speaking to. I also can never hear it when I have an incoming call. I have it as loud as it can go and I miss calls all the time. I have tried to take pictures with it and they look blurred and brown; Same with shooting videos.No I am not happy with my purchase, but I am afraid if I return it I will get something worse.
