
I HATED this phone so much that it's already on its way back to AT&T; less than a week later.  Most importantly, this phone has no "face sensor" so when you're on a call and you put the phone up to your ear, the screen is still on and it will hang up on whoever you're talking to.  You can push the on/off button to fix this (screen turns off but call stays on) but who wants to have to remember to push extra buttons for something so simple?  Same with hanging up the call (on purpose).  You have to turn the screen back on via the on/off button, and then hang up "again" via the touch screen.More issues:-- You have to turn Swype on and off from any keypad to use it (can't just start using it or tapping without changing settings as on other phones).-- The speakerphone volume is so low it's basically useless.  Don't even think about trying to use this in the car!  However, this seems to be similar on other smart phones so maybe this is not specific to this phone.-- Hooking up a Bluetooth headset takes an inordinate number of buttons, clicks, etc.-- The Voice Dial screws up every time.-- Dialing is very difficult because you can't dial from the messaging screen or a few other fairly intuitive places.I'm hoping a lot of these are user error as this is my first smart phone, but that being the case there is no way anyone trying to acclimate to a smart phone from the old kind with buttons will like this phone!  It's too difficult, too unwieldy.  I can't believe they actually got anybody who tested this design to say it was market-worthy!!!!  May I suggest instead the Pantech Crossover, which is laid out very similarly but has features to correct the vast majority of the above.  I bought mine on Amazon and with a $25 plan credit it actually cost $15 LESS than the crappy Fusion.  It also has a slide-out keypad which I find way easier to use than touch-only.Hope this review helps; good luck on your search!

When I first recieved my att Fusion I loved it. I bought it in November 2012. By February 12th the phone would no longer work. I never dropped it and it did not have water damage. At&t will not replace it because I purchased it here on amazon. I have tried factory resetting the phone several times. The screen is plain black with but the lights on the screen still work and it is frozen before it gets to the at&t logo on the screen. Apparently this is a common problem with this phone and it is being discontinued. I am very disappointed with this product. I wish amazon would refund my money or replace the phone.

If I could have given it no stars, I would have.  Ordered one, and couldn't get it to work.  Amazon overnighted me another, and it wouldn't work either.  Drove 60 miles to an AT&T store where they said both phones were no good.  Spent a total of over 8 hours on the phone with tech support...wasted time.  Don't buy this phone.

I use this as a backup pre-paid phone. I have been very pleased with the quality of the phone. It has very good voice quality. It is easily upgradeable to Gingerbread from the Pantech web site. Since I use this as a back up pre-paid phone, I don't purchase a data plan. All the android apps work excellent on wifi. There are so many places with free wifi you can access when you need to use the net. If you need a mobile data plan, you can purchase by the month when you need it.Has all the features of more expensive phones. I would not expect it would be a high end phone for gamers.But if you need a great affordable phone with data capability, this is a good buy. If you want you can get unlimited talk, and text for $50 a month and none of the excessive taxes you paid on a post pay plan.

I absolutely love this phone.  I've had it for several weeks now and it works great!  The apps and the web come up quickly, the pictures are of good quality and the screen clarity is good.  I have found only one down side so far and that's that I can't find a case for it yet...but was told they should be in this weekend, so hopefully I'll have that soon.  If you're looking for a smartphone/android phone and don't want the hassle of a contract, this phone is absolutely the way to go!!!

I bought this phone a few weeks ago and was told by 2 retailers that I could use my existing ATT SIM card with this GoPhone, which was true.  But they didn't tell me that ATT would detect that I was using a smartphone and then add a data plan to my account.  That bothered me.  I went to the ATT store and they said that that's their policy.  Fine.  Of course they added me the $30/3GB of data, so I downgraded to the $20/300MB, since I plan to use Data sparingly.  Why give them an extra $10 per month?As the title of my review says, it is a good, basic smartphone running Android 2.3.  Compared to the more advanced smartphones, this one feels a bit slow, but acceptable in my opinion.  There is no camera flash so if you would like to use your phone for lots of picture taking, I'd highly recommend that you pay more for a better phone with flash feature.  The picture quality is slightly less than average.The battery life so far has been very good.  If I don't run WiFi or Data much, I can go almost 2 full days without re-charging.  I certaily can go 1 full day with higher than moderate use.  I am not a heavy user so I would imagine that heavy users would have to charge their phone before the day is up.WiFi connection is a bit flaky.  Whereas my HP Pavilion g4 laptop has excellent connect speed at home, this phone has 1 maybe 2 bars of signal strength.  At times it seems to lose the connection.  Thus if you are far from the WiFi router, you might have these issues as well.  But I didn't expect much in terms of WiFi signal reception, given that it's a small device (i.e. antennas are smaller than in a laptop).My biggest complaint has been that internal memory is essentially non-existent.  After I upgraded the built-in apps, there was NO MORE space for additional Apps!!  This is my first smartphone, so I am not app-dependent as most smartphone users, so this hasn't been a problem as much as just a limitation to try and learn different apps.  I did add a memory card, but it seems that apps need to use the smartphone's internal memory, and cannot be installed in the micro SD card, no matter what size it is.  Don't let sales people tell you otherwise.  Facebook App and other useful apps are already installed so you don't have to worry about those, at least.Bottom line, if you need internet access on the go and want to get a decent basic smartphone for that, for whatever reason, this is one phone you should consider.  But if you have been spoiled by the more capable smartphones, this one will probably disappoint you.UPDATE:  After having the phone for 29 days, I decided to return it for a refund.  The phone began to constantly give me the error of low memory.  I could not ever try to install an app from Google Android store.  Browsing the internet would cause crashes more and more frequently.  There are a few other bugs I would encounter which by themselves are just minor, but after you begin to dislike a product, they really become annoying.  I change my rating for this phone from 3 stars to 2 stars.  I do not recommend it!!

We purchased this phone for my wife. The phone would freeze up constantly. Text messages would dissappear and say memory full. We put in a 4gb memory card and it still would read memory full. I think we used it for about 1 month until we purchased another phone.Cute phone but did not work out as planned. Too late to return.

This AT&T GoPhone made a big hit with my teen age boy, and only cost me less than $30. a month,best part,no contracts .  Would love to get myself one next.Thanks for the fast shipping , great packing. The Great combo price for the skin case &  screen protector was great-thanks.

I bought this GoPhone as a replacement for my old phone and I love it! I use my SIM card (family plan with shared minutes, 3 lines) in this phone, as I have done several other times with GoPhones. I use them as cheap phone replacements so I don't have to do another contract. The phone is not a powerhouse having only a 600Mhz cpu and 256MB ram. The OS and AT&T bloatware completely fill up the internal memory. Soooooo, I rooted the phone, removed all the crappy AT&T bloatware (unwanted/unneeded apps), loaded a few apps I do want, moved all non-OS essential apps to the included 2GB SD card to free up additional internal storage, cleared the cache and tweaked a few settings. For a low-end Android smart phone it now runs really well, has a sharp screen, and does everything I want/need it to do. I do *NOT* buy a data card but utilize my own portable broadband hotspot via wifi. I'm a truck driver and the hotspot supplies both my phone and laptop with Internet connectivity. Make certain that disabling all phone data functions is the very FIRST thing you do (unless you want to purchase a data card each month) and use wifi instead. Needless to say, I am extremely happy with this phone. Just spend a few hours tailoring it to your own needs. You won't be disappointed.

This phone looks great and feels good in your hands. It does everything it's supposed to do, however, internal space is a limiting factor.  So I went in to manage the apps and told every app not to update, so far so good. Wi-Fi and 3G data on this phone is a bit slow to load, however for the money, it would be hard to find a better smart phone.

So, I've been wanting to try an android phone for a while now but I wanted a prepaid gophone because I love the 25 dollar plan every 3 months so I went to walmart today and found this one. It's a really great phone for the price. A little slow if you'rea power user and it doesn't work with netflix since the memory is so low. The phone can only hold around 10 apps and that's it. Trying to install more will return a "not enough space available" which it's really annoying. Great for teenagers I think but not for adults who want a serious phone. I recommend the Sony Xperia Ray if you want a seriously FANTASTIC phone (As good or better than the iPhone 4S) and don't mind the size.

This phone destroys batteries, 3 in a year.Also when on a call it doesn't activate the display when you take it away from your ear, you have to press the button on the top to activate the touch screen before you can hang up.There are other annoying features too numerous to mention.

It works ok with me

Ever since I received my fusion phone it's been hard to set it down. It's a great phone. Best I ever had.

I purchased the phone for my son and he really enjoys the phone.  I also like the turn around for shipping the product out so fast.  I have no complaints about the phone to say now.

I had the phone foe 4 months trouble free. Then it started repeating incoming text messages. Some messages came in for 5 days every 6-8 hours. others would repeat about 10 times and stop. Also the screen would go dark, and I had to remove/reinsert battery to reboot. AT&T is giving me the run around about replacing it. The warranty dept is experiencing a system error (their exact words) making it impossible to replace the phone. I understand the device failing, I don't understand the warranty dept failing.

the phone was good in the begining, (thought I was going to marry it). It was a great phone overall since I didnt have data, and it was my first smartphone. Perfect for what i wanted.Cons-After I had it for a couple of months,it randomly shut off and powered on again right away. Strange, but only a few times a week.It gets slow after you put some songs on it.Takes a while to load pages on wifi.Touch screen could be more sensitive- keyboard mistypes all the time.Galery take a long time to load.No front camera.Cannot multitask.Cannot delete pre-programmed apps.Doesnt have a lot of space.Pros- doesnt turn on in your pocket.Download songsDoesnt scratch, crack, break easilynice landscape keyboard/alright portrait keyboardbottom 4 buttons vibrate and light up- good for the darkhas wifican send pictures without wifioverall its a good phone, for people who dont want data, just a phone that texts and calls and looks pretty.only reason I am getting an new one is that I know there are other phones out there.

I've had this phone for a year now. It's the first 'smart' phone I've had. I try to keep it in good condition but there has been some wear and tear.+ I don't have to pay for data and can connect to wifi when available if I need it.+ Comes with a lot of weird pre-loaded features that are necessary - thankfully, there's an app to take care of them+ Apps that are pre-loaded at actually useful (twitter/maps) work well if there's good enough wifi+ Home screen is fast and responds very well+ lit up buttons on bottom also respond quickly+ Camera isn't great but good enough - not for night scenes (no flash)+ Sound quality is really clear and speakers are VERY loud+ Not easily unlocked (no pocket dials)+ Battery charges fast! From 10% - 100% in ~2 hours- I wouldn't consider myself a heavy phone user but some days the battery is quickly depleted- After a year my vibrate function for text messages has stopped working ... ?- trying to view photos in gallery is slow and freezes often- texting too fast on the keyboard it can be delayed- Messaging app also can freeze up a lot- Annoying to get to the alarm clock app- Sometimes can't move downloaded apps onto SD card- Internal storage is very small and fills up quickly (especially when you can't put things on the SD card)- Connecting to computer is often slowOver all - there's lots of pros and cons. I think this is a great starter smart phone. For the price I paid for the actual unit and month per month, the pros out weigh the cons. I get great service and there's good features included. If you're not looking for a completely 'smart' phone, this would be the one! I'm going to try to make it through another year with mine!

Bought this as a gift for my son and he loves it!! Didn't buy him any service,however he still makes calls with a downloaded app for internet calling and surfs the web also!! All at no charge!!! Very satisfied!!

thas phone is not work lost the signol all the time don,t buye. the service very badvery bad very bad

Decent phone for the price. My sons Crossover took a dump and we needed another smartphone. So we bought this as it was cheaper than getting it from Radio Shackor AT&T;.

A complete hack job, this phone was slapped together with an underpowered CPU, a sliver of internal memory, which runs out before you install three more apps, and a completely unstable Android core. Sluggish commands, ineffective mechanism for connecting to wireless networks, sketchy bluetooth connectivity, this phone is a true nightmare. Calling functions are no better. I just cannot understand why ATT accepted such a level of shoddy craftsmanship. Huawei is not ready for the US market. It is a fly by night operation, whose only goal is to push cheap products, both in terms of cost and material. Do not buy Huawei products of any kind.

i canceled this order and then shipped it anyway, would not return it.. came with no charger, nothing but phone, the camera is froze and doesnt work, after several emails they quit replying, this company sucks and i would not buy anything from them....they are trash and a rip off and now im stuck with a $60 phone and cant pay my insurance..

I bought this phone at Wal-Mart and for the first few weeks it was great and then it started messing up I couldn't call without it shutting down down

everything works good with this. its a good starter android... the biggest problem is i cant get picture messages... its really annoying.

I bought this phone around January 2013. It was an upgrade to my old Quickfire. It sucks. It shuts off unexpectedly, doesn't charge well, the apps don't work 98% of the time, it doesn't hold it's charge, nd it is very slow. It always tells me that I don't have enough memory on my phone when I have a ton. Nd when you call or receive a call, you can barely hear the person talking to you nd putting them on speaker makes it worse. I'm very disappointed with this phone. I unfortunately still have it nd use because I can't afford another one. Don't buy this phone. It's horrible.

Received this phone yesterday, put in SIM card and battery, charged all night.  This morning...nothing.  It's going back this morning, and I won't be requesting a replacement.

I just got this phone about a month ago, and I really love it. If want smartphone/android at a cheap price this is the perfect phone for you. You get a lot for how inexpensive it is; the apps run smoothly and the picture quality is pretty good.

I bought this phone about a month ago, and it seemed like a good phone when it arrived.  But the very next day, I started having issues.  Almost everyday, I had to do a hard shut down because the applications wouldn't work.  This went on for about a week, when one day I did the hard shut down, and the phone wouldn't get past the rethink possible screen.  I called AT&T, and they suggested I return the phone and get a free replacement.  That's exactly what I did.  But after about two weeks, the same thing happened that had happened with the first phone.  This is a very bad product.

I've had this phone for over a month now and I'm very pleased with it. It does everything I want it to and a little more. I don't use many talking minutes per month, most of my communication is done through text messages, so I have this phone set up on the 10 cents per minute pay as you go plan and I buy a monthly text message package keeping my monthly phone bill down to $10 per month. I can get internet on it through any wifi that I can connect to, which is faster than any data plan and virtually everywhere, so I have no need for a data plan. They do have prepay options for data, but they do get pricy.My only complaint about this phone and the reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is the internal memory sucks. It comes with a 2gb memory card, upgradable to 32gb (which is nice for holding my music collection and a decent amount of movies), but the internal memory that the operating system and most apps live on is under 200mb. Out of the box, most of that memory is filled by AT&T; bloatware that can't be readily uninstalled, and on top of that, the bloatware will automatically update itself which will fill up your memory in no time. The solution to this annoyance is to root the phone and install an app like Root Explorer to go in and manually delete the bloat programs. Another must have app is App2SD or something similar, which will allow you to move most apps from the phone's internal memory to the SD Card, freeing up more space. Once both of these are done, the phone runs fast.That's all the customizing I've done to my phone, which is all I need, but the beauty of this phone is there's no limit to the customizing you can do. You can over clock it to make it run faster, you can install custom built operating systems, etc. There's a whole Android community out there to help you make the most of your phone. If you are looking for an inexpensive smart phone without any contracts, this is about as good a purchase as you're likely to find.

Didnt take long for this phone to die completely. I treated it with care, and one day it crapped out on me giving me a green screen of death with red and blue bars in the loading screen.The text messages would constantly repeat themselves, or id get 5 to 6 of the same texts when the person only sent them once.It had a habit of freezing and needed to be turned off a lot.Didnt last more than 6 months.It would constantly be downloading updates and using up ALL the data. There was no easy way to prevent this from happening.I WOULD NOT recommend this phone to anyone!

This android cellphone is a breeze to use and has a good browser.  It is economical to use like other go-phones.

Step one purchase att go phone the fusion to be exact .. step two order straight talk ATT sim card from straight talk.. step 3 on fusion att phone set apn settings as is in the instructions that comes with the straight talk att sim card. Activate straight talk sim chip then insert in the fusion phone.. step 4 enjoy unlimited voice text and data through att service carrier through straight talk for $45 a month. ... note any att android will work just make sure to use att sim card from STRAIGHT TALK. I love this phone its awesome.

Well, for about 130 dollars at walmart this thing is pretty nice. bought this phone about 2 days ago, and it has performed very well so far. I thought it might be a little cheap feeling, but it's actually very nice. although, the camera on the phone could be allot better, especially the camcorder. quality is decent, but the real downfall is the mic on the phone, you practically have to yell for it to pick up anything when recording. it's got about 256MB of memory, not the best, so it tends to skip a bit when playing games, but it's doable.the fact that its a go-phone is pretty awesome. I pay 25 bucks a month for 250 minutes, unlimited text, no data plan. BUT, I just use wifi to do web browsing and downloading apps. JUST so people know, you do NOT need a data plan to use this phone. thats pretty much the whole point to this phone. it's so people who want a smartphone don't have to pay 100 bucks a month to have it. and I would definitely recommend this phone to anybody out there lookin for one. =D

I've had my phone for just about a month. no problems, my only problem,,Fat fingers, and it seems as though the battery gets low after about 6 hrs not rechaging, other than that i like my phone

This phone has a very small amount of usable memory with most of it consumed by bloatware that cannot be removed. The bloatware cannot be moved to a memory card either. So don't expect to add more than one or two apps. I just want a smartphone with a few basic apps, and I'm constantly seeing how installs and updates fail due to the lack of memory.Against my own better judgment I went so far as to root the phone and delete some of those useless apps. Any way I see it, this is a crippled phone that will continue to cause me angst until I ditch it. I cannot justify spending hours on a device that is supposed to improve my life.

I bought this fone to.send to a relative in another country but the battery go misplaced. Any idea where i can buy onr? Absolutely lov it!!!!

Beware buying a go phone. If you think you can use this phone without buying a data plan you are mistaken.  We were told you just put the SIM card in and if you use free wi-fi, you are good to go.  NOT true.  ATT charges you for the data plan whether you use it or not. So much for saving money.

Great phone! I bought it for my little brother just to get him started with a basic smartphone and he loves it!!!

To me this has been a great phone. However this would be my first smart phone, before this i've always used the cheap 20$ phones. I love this phone because I'm still able to use it very cheaply. They say you have to have a data plan which is not true, i pay per minute with a 10$ messeging plan and I just pick up wifi wherever I go. The battery generally last a day and a half maybe more depends if you browse the internet all the time or not. The internet speed is fine and everything has been easy to use once you figure out how to work the phone. It does have its flaws though, there is plenty of apps you will never use but you are unable to get rid of which just becomes a waste of space. Many people complain about this but I didn't mind because I knew I wasn't gonna be  downloading too many apps. Also whe your watching videos it will stop after 5 minutes or so and make u restart it so you have to move forward through the video which prolly would get annoying on a movie, I'm not sure if this is just my phone or all fusion phones.But all in all I have loved this phone compared to the crappy phones I'm use to, if you want a cheap nice phone where you don't have to pay a lot of money on plans and data then this phone has been great. But if you want a hi tech phone and will be browseing the internet a lot then you should prolly look elsewhere.

It has everything you need and works wonderfully :D Comes with an sd card too which shocked me, unfortunately i already had one from a previous phone that works with this one.

I bought this phone based on the reviews here on amazon, but I'm not so enthused.  I just put cash on it and started using it today.  I can hear the people I'm talking to clearly, but I'm not sure the inverse is true.  Seemed to have to repeat myself alot while on with customer service today.One of the reasons I purchased this phone was because of the WIFI option - didn't opt for a data plan since I have a wireless network at home and work I can use.  However, the connection the phone establishes in my home is unreliable.  My computers are connected with no issue, but the phone can't retain the connection long enought to allow me to do anything online.I'm not thrilled with the sensitivity of the screen.  I generally type with my nails on my touch screens - keeps all the oils from your hands off the screens, but this screen only recognizes a full fingertip pressed on the screen.  Also, fat fingers (something I've never had an issue with before) is a problem as well.  Switched from the Android keyboard to the Vlingo keyboard, and it's preferrable for me, but wish the keyboard with this phone was better.We'll see, maybe I'll change my review after I've used the phone for a full month, but as of today, I'm not impressed with anything but the savings I'll get switching from a $150 a month verizon family plan to a $25 per month per phone pre-paid plan!

I bought the phone from wal mart gor $150 plus tax ... I had the phone 3 months, no drops no damage to it from me or any of my friends at all... But it kept popping up with a message saying I didn't have enough storage for a 5mb app ... I HAD A 4 GIG MEMORY CARD IN AND 36 MB FREE ON THE PHONE ITS SELF I called warranty ... The guy asks what kind of phone  ... I tell him its an android fusion... He sighs and says ahhh that's ur problem... We constantly get calls over this phone for a variety of reasons ranging from it won't call, it won't send texts ,can't receive calls or texts ,can't un lock it, we can't get it to get off of the home screen, the internet says I have no data-when the people have data- that's just part of the list of common things warranty gets calls about for this phone... Mine was rotating between all of these depending on its mood at that time... ... Warranty also told me the only way to POSSIBLY ~AS IN MAYBE IF YOUR LUCKY~ FIX THE ISSUES IS TO RE SET THE PHONE AND LOSE EVERYTHING ON THE MEMORY CARD AND ON THE PHONE...  INCLUDING THINGS YOU'VE ALREADY PAID FOR AND THERE IS NO WAY TO GET REFUND OR REPLACEMENT FOR THOSE APPS GAMES ECT THAT YOU BOUGHT ... ABSOLUTE HUNDRED PERCENT WASTE OF A PERFECTLY GOOD $150 ... I couldn't even sale the phone back to the ATT company for them to refurbish and resale... They wouldn't even take it for free... I've had many phones(13) because I like changes  and trying new things...

I bought this as a temporary phone because my contract phone got water damage that was beyond help. I can't get on the internet unless I am at WIFI which is annoying when I am out trying to look something up. But maybe if I payed for it like a go phone the internet would work, but I highly doubt it.

UPDATE:I was impressed with the phone right out of the box--it fulfilled my cell phone/camera/Internet needs well in an inexpensive package, but after applications crashing constantly and a general lack of stability with the OS and hardware, I cannot recommend this product as anything more than a backup. I'll be upgrading soon.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I don't like to waste money. And that's exactly what I was doing when I had a typical phone contract. When I switched to the Google Voice/Skype/Gophone setup, I ended up saving about $40 a month and that made me happy. For the longest time, however, that meant enduring communication on a ghetto 1990s phone (the best value I could find for the Gophone). However, when my ghetto phone died recently, I was forced to review the market again and I came across a remarkable gem: the AT&T; Fusion.Not only did it fit well into my money-saving Google Voice/Skype/Gophone scheme, it also had a camera (score!) and was able to handle the internet like my iPod. I went from needing 3 devices when I went out down to just one. It's a testament to the free market that such a product is available for so little moolah. $130 for a small computer that can take pictures and upload them to Facebook. Oh yeah, and it also can make phone calls.There are some serious drawbacks, namely the fact that there's only 200 MB of internal memory on the phone, which is used for apps and text messages. Seriously, we're talking about tera a petabyte devices now; the last I heard of something at the MB level was my Commodore 64 from 1987). If you have too many apps, you can't receive text messages and that's excruciatingly annoying. You can move the apps to the SD card, but that requires some tech-savviness that most consumers don't have the patience for. Also, I had an issue moving my SIM card to this phone from my ghetto `90s one. Text messages didn't come in for a while and it was difficult to figure out what was wrong (AT&T; customer service was actually very good here). I've also had problems with receiving data over the 3G connection.The greatest thing about this device, however, was the brilliant GPS feature. A user can download navigation directions when connected to the Internet, then when driving around the middle of nowhere without a data connection, the navigation app will direct him flawlessly (evidently the GPS feature is free though data would cost).All in all, this is an excellent buy and will only cause a few minor headaches if you're used to more capable devices.

very low volumes, hard to nav, nav keys way too small and you have to press above what you want or it gives you the selection below what you are aiming for. typically more complex and not well thought out functions.

If you're looking into getting a smartphone and you've never owned one before, this phone is a great starting point. It's simple to use, easy to root and will allow you to learn the basics of what a more expensive smartphone will offer. Comes with a lot of bloatware but as I said, it is incredibly easy to root. Rooting the phone will allow you to remove most of said bloatware. The few issues I have with it mainly concerns the hardware such as processor speeds and the size of the flash memory. Obviously since this is only a 100$ phone, you're not going to have the latest and greatest hardware. Because of that if you run too many apps you will bog down this phone and it will operate a lot slower than usual. That's why it's important to familiarize yourself with the task manager and stick to only using 2 apps simultaneously. The touch screen is also a little iffy but then again, the phone is only 100$ so it's not going to be on the same level as the S3 or iPhone 5. Either way, I just got this phone yesterday and it's already performed the functions I needed it for such as web browsing, email, twitter, facebook and music. You do not require a data plan to use this phone as it comes with built in wifi that will allow you to connect to any local wifi networks (if you have the credentials to access said networks of course). I will say this though, when you first get it don't rush to put your sim card in. Let it charge for 10 minutes beforehand. After that just insert your sim and you'll be up and running in no time.

This phone was great. It's a cheap replacement for those more expensive phones out there. I bought this after I could not use my other phone that I have with my service provider so I decided to get this. This is much slower than my other one (the processor is half the speed) so it was a bit frustrating to use at first but I got used to it. It has all the features I need. The screen surprisingly is a bit small when you text or have that keyboard up because it takes up like half of the screen and then you don't really know what is there anymore.

I've had this phone for not even a month and I'm already ready for a new phone. It freezes once in a while and the entire screen goes black, when I'm trying to text if I hit the back space button it constantly puts in "L". And another problem is I can't get the internet to work outside the house because of the WiFi but I thought the 50$ month plan had internet? But I do like the speaker and camera on the phone. I really don't have many problems with it. I guess I just don't like it because it's kinda hard to get used to this phone when before this I had the iPhone. What phone should I get next thats kinda like the iPhone or better than this Fusion?

I got this phone after my other one broke and I have never been happier. My campus is all wi-fi so I get free data wherever I go. The phone is great for apps too. It syncs with my campus mail, Facebook, calendar and everything else I need to be organized. With the 2gb card that comes with it there's plenty of space for my apps and my music. Fantastic little phone.

The AT&T Fusion Prepaid Android GoPhone is an awesome phone for the price. I bought it after reading other very positive reviews on the phone. I wanted a phone that had a keypad so I could send texts with more ease. The entire phone is very easy to navigate. The WiFi option is another great feature so you don't have to use your minutes while on the Internet. The battery does drain fast when you are on the Internet. I have had the phone for a month and have found nothing negative about the phone and am totally satisfied with the purchase. For slightly over $125 I have a great phone. I would highly recommend anyone wanting a GoPhone to purchase the Fusion.

I purchased this because I wanted an android phone without a contract and data plan. Boy did it deliver!!I'm a previous Verizon prepaid customer, but they were just too expensive. I was paying $20 a month JUST for texting, I had to pay an extra $15 to be able to make phone calls.I was going to try a Verizon prepaid android, but they were asking $70 a month and that was their cheapest plan.I started to do some research and found the almighty go-phone and immediately fell in love with the at&t; fusion.It's an android smartphone running a 2.3 os. It's a full touch screen and is fully customizable(with up to 5 home screens)I bought it straight from the at&t; store where they activated it for me, so I was able to use it immediately.It has very good battery life. I started using it as soon as I left the store at 12:30 pm with a 50% charge and continued using it until I got home at 4:00pm and put it on the charger (without it dying).Texting is a breeze with the options of 3 different keyboards, including swype(you can download more keyboards from the android market.The best part is I am only paying $25 a month!! That's only 5 more dollars than my Verizon text plan (not including what I payed for calls) and not only do I get unlimited text, but also 250 talk minutes and that's with a significantly better phone(I previously had the Verizon blitz, which wasn't a bad phone, I've just had it for four years and felt the need for a change).And contrary to what most people say, a data plan IS NOT required with this phone. You can disable the data feature(so you can't get charged by accidentally using it) and just use wifi, which is what I do.Though, If you want a data plan, they start as low as $5 a month.I have to say, at&t; knows what they're doing!All in all, I definitely recommend this phone:)

I purchased this phone for my daughter 7th birthday she loves it. It's very simple to use I recommend it for anyone of any ages

Concerning the data fees...I'd like to add some clarifying details for those that are considering this phone. If you currently have an AT&T; contract or your contract has expired but you are still using their service, you will get charged with data fees if you take your SIM card from your current phone and place it in the AT&T; Fusion cell phone.However, if you use the SIM card from Go-Phone and use the Fusion as a prepaid phone then you won't get charged data fees unless you are actually using data.  You can still use the Android for talk, text, and WiFi.  If you start at the top of the phone and slide your finger down the screen it will pull down a menu which gives you the option to turn off Data, WiFi, etc.This is a great phone and the screen is very responsive.  Texting on this phone is a breeze.  I've used other touchscreen phones and have gotten frustrated because I couldn't get it to bring up the right letters that I was trying to type. With the Fusion I haven't had a problem at all with typing on the touchscreen.The camera is 3.2 megapixels, which is better than most phones that only have 2 megapixels.Sound clarity is great!

There isn't much I can say other than it's seems to be okay, I'm still learning all the different features and what other things I need to make everything work.

I recently got this phone about a month ago and for the most part I love it! I recommend this phone to anyone who wants their first smart phone. I'll start with the bad first...Cons: not a lot of storage space on phone for apps :-/No flash on cameraNo camera button on phone (which makes it kinda hard to take pics sometimesSometimes Swype keyboard messes upDoesn't come with stopwatch (u have to download it from the Play Store)Pros: nice picture qualityPhone uses Google Play store for installing apps (free and paid)Fully customizableRecommended apps: handcent SMS (very customizable messaging appTextMe (also a messaging app but let's u txt for free and earn free minutes by watching videos!Dumpster Recycle BinPicsart (for editing your photos)

I like it and It looks what I would get and I really do like it and I can text and call and play games on it

Very disappointed in the product returned it for a refund becuase the phone wouldn't get messages and the apps didn't work phone has to be shut off and rebooted every 30 min to an hour the charger that came with the phone didn't work I would not recommend this product to anyone!

I purchased this phone a little cheaper online through walmart. What a great buy. This phone actually made me disconnect my service from Verizon. Obviously this can't/couldn't work for everybody (especially if you HAVE TO HAVE internet wherever you go.. ) but here it goes..-----**I primarily use wifi either at my home (I have a 30mbps connection) or at my Job. I have no need for data when im "on the go".**I purchased an app called "GrooveIP" for 4.99. This app allows you to make/recieve calls through wifi using Google Voice. Usually Google voice only works on a computer but this app lets you make the calls on your phone.**Call quality is EXCELLENT! (Make sure you turn on "adaptive echo canceller and audio processing. leave sync voice off")**I bought a 100$ pre-paid card from at&t.; This card lasts an entire YEAR!Here's basically how it works..1) MY google voice phone number is forwarded to the ATT number which was given to me when I activated the SIM card.2) I have an app called AUTOAP that turns off 3g when im connected to wifi.3) What this means is when i'm home, if someone calls me, the call will go through wifi (grooveip) and will be free. When im not home and someone calls me, the call will get forwarded to the ATT number and my phone still rings. I have the option of answering the phone or letting it go to voicemail!4) If I decide to answer the call, I'm billed at .10c / min. Same rate if I decide to call out when I'm not in a wifi zone.I have a house phone that I pay 20$ for unlimited calls. This plan made me eliminate my 120$ bill from Verizon!To wrap it up. I pay about 28$ (20+ 100 card/12) per month to have a great phone with unlimited calls in my home and wherever I have wifi.***Other notes***I rooted the phone fairly easily and put a custom rom on it. This has made the phone have 90mb free of ram and removed all of the bloatware. The phone is zooming fast now. The camera is good for a phone (lets be honest, a cell phone is not a great camera)The sound of the earpiece is good. It could be better. It also has GPS on the phone. I got an app called NAVIGON which allows you to use GPS without using data. Now I have another use for this phone!!I really have nothing bad to say about this phone. It looks great too, very sleek. Very good midrange smart phone----Update 6/18/12Phone still working great! I have been trying different roms to see which one works best but I haven't really found one that is perfect. Some roms mess up grooveip's voice quality while others are very slow. Will post another update when I find the "winner".Battery life is VERY good. If im using wifi ocassionaly to surf the web and check email and make a few 10 min calls I can have a full charge for a few days!Build quality is also excellent. The phone has survived many falls/drops and still works excellent. Touch screen is very responsive----Update 11/09/12Phone has since bene lost! I am going to buy the upgraded fusion 2 since it is the SAME PRICE and is a dual core processor and has 2gb internal ram.. what this means is a much faster phone that has much more space internally that the previous iteration.As of right now.. there is very little to no reason in getting this version as the fusion 2 is superior in every regard----

I purchased this phone at the beginning of June in 2012. It lasted over 18 months, and probably would have kept on kicking if it hadn't taken an unfortunate swim in a cup of hot tea. Even then, it would turn on, but the screen was water damaged, so it became useless. The phone started to lag a little bit and apps started freezing about two months ago (so about 16 months after purchase). The pictures it took weren't great quality, but they were about what I expected from a phone like this, maybe a little better. The touch screen was very responsive,  most apps functioned at a moderate speed (not lightning quick, but not very slow), sound quality was very good during calls, the speaker was really good for playing music or using it for speaker phone, etc. Overall, it was a really great phone, and much better than I expected. It lasted longer than most of my phones have, and it went through a lot during that time (falling from pockets and the like).Even living in an area that has only recently gotten AT&T; coverage, this phone worked wonderfully. I only had incidents of dropped calls a few times (while driving through &#34;dead zones&#34; where everyone loses their service briefly). For the most part, messaging worked great. I had a few problems with texts not sending or being received, but that only happened a couple of times. This was the best phone I've had since the original Razr.

This phone is horrible. I didn't have it 2 weeks until I started having problems with it. Stay away from it.

I have this phone for more than two months. I live in Brooklyn, NY.AT&T; signal here seems to be not perfect. It happened that I did not get a few calls, when I was close to the ocean or when I was on the staircase inside a building. Besides those few times, however, service works fine. Four stars for reliability.The phone itself is good. Nice clear sound. As a smart-phone it is not powerful enough for many applications. It can go slow when you play Angry Birds or get behind when you use GPS. Power off and restart always makes GPS perfect again.Very limited memory. I only have the most essential applications and songs. Scientific calculator, dictionary and not much space for something else.The price is great! Imagine paying 50 dollars per month plus a small sales tax for unlimited talk. Data plan is not required at all. But if you need it, it available in small cheap packages.

Purchased this phone since I was jonesin' for the Android experience after I sent my Motorola Atrix off for repair. It handles basic apps like Facebook, Twitter, Gmail, etc. just fine. Some web pages get dicey given its 600mhz processor. It also went through some growing pains by crashing the dialer and the Android system itself, but it resolved itself after a couple days.The biggest negative has to be the lack of internal storage. You can barely add your own apps without an external SD card, can't move preinstalled apps from the paltry internal storage, and are constantly asked to delete text messages.The price is the only marginally good thing about this phone, but the latest crop of phones are including beefier processors and larger storage for the budget android segment. Skip this phone entirely, pay the extra $30 or $50 for its successor.

I purchased this phone in June. Since the very first day battery didn't hold a charge. It dosnt even last throughout the day. I turned off data switch which helps and closed all running apps .I even purchased a new battery.  I do not have a data package at home attempt to use wifi and phone freezes and shuts down. In the last two days I am unable to receive texts messages I can send them but cannot get them. Service isn't that great either I cannot get service. In area I could with my cheap $15 flip phone. Sometimes I don't think it rings people asked me why I didn't answer but never rang and just notifies me when they have left a voicemail!!! Frustrating

Great shopping experience. It was just what I expected. No problems. Got it when I expected. Phone seems to be just fine.

I could not get this to pair up with my cars Bluetooth nor any of my laptops.I am sure it was just this phone. Amazon was good and returned it without any issues.That is why I always looks for Shipped by Amazon and Free shipping over $25.00 items.That way I know I am covered! Thank You Amazon!

I had to write this on here because apparently AT&T; doesnt like people knowing what kind of phone their getting through customer reviews. Also, their GoPhone support is basically non-existant. Spent at least 20 mins cycling through automated menus, only to always ended back up at the same one that basically only lets you check your balance or add money, even after calling a totally different number. Online service is no help either. Try to log in with your phone number and it redirects you to the GoPhone site to log in again. Then just gives you an overview of your account, and if you manage to find the "Contact Us" link, it leads you to the main site to log in yet again, only to be kicked back to the abandoned-looking GoPhone site. Repeat cycle.With all that out of the way; this thing only has 256mb of RAM and a super slow processor. I had to root it and download an app to speed up the CPU, and it still barely runs Angry Birds. Angry Birds Space crashes half the time.  But the call quality is really good, which is the point of a phone..texting is nice, except for if you use the Swype keyboard then theres a button between the space and either period or comma that switches it to spanish, then again to Simplified Chinese, that is super easy to accidently push. So if all of a sudden your auto-fill words start popping up as Spanish, that'd most likely be why. I mention I rooted my phone, and you pretty much have to unless you're ok with useless bloatware that takes up literally half your ram. The "internal SD card", that I have yet to figure out how to access, is almost full out of the box with stupid stuff like Twitter and Layar. The only way to get rid of it is to root it and download something to go in and forcefully remove it. Even then random stuff like google maps and gmail will keep automatically starting themselves, using valuable resources.  It also has several different programs that do basically the same thing. There was one or two TTS (text-to-speech) programs that were very resource taxing. It takes some trial and exploring to go through and find which programs are actually free, such as google maps, and which are just trials of a paid program, such as Navigator.As far as any kind of entertainment value (i.e apps, video, even pictures), this thing has 0 resources to spare. Even something simple like Fruit Ninja sputters and can be slow (even with the bumped up processor speed). Pictures in the photo gallery take their sweet time loading and are arranged by oldest date first. So if you want to get to recent picures you didnt just take with this phones (fairly lousy) camera, then be prepared to scroll for a while. The scrolling itself is even fairly aggravating, as it will zip to the end if you hold the scroller bar at the bottom, but tends to plop right back to where it was once you let go. Even for a 3.2mp camera, its not great. My Samsung Reality's 2.3mp camera I feel took better pictures.If you go for the 50$ plan thinking its unlimited everything, SmartPhones still require a secondary data package. I dropped down to the 25$ plan after learning that, and suddenly it seems like my WiFi barely works. I dont know if they set up the network like that for some reason or if the phone itself suddenly decided it didnt want to work, but its something to take note of.. oh, and if you turn your data off thinking that you dont want to occur any charges, make sure you turn it back on in order to receive any picture messages.

Speaker went out less then 2 weeks after I received it. Not able to download many apps before storage is low. No flash on camera.Battery life is good though.

The plan is a complete rip off if you want a phone that includes the web! When you make a call the volume is so low you can barely hear who your talking too without having them repeat what they say over and over again. The speaker phone feature is even worse because it's still to low to hear the person on the other end of the line. You have to purchase separate data in order to surf the web, and if you do the web is very slow. Not user friendly at all. I went to listen to one of the apps downloaded, and then phone just went black. dark lines on the front screen now prevent me from being able to use the phone anymore, and it's now garbage. Never got wet, never hit the ground, so I'm not even going to waste more money trying to figure out why this phone is all of a sudden not functioning, and why I can't see any of the screen features. Don't waste your money on this phone.

First Android Phone I have owned and it is great. I have the AT&T 25 dollar for 250 minute rate with unlimted text and for 5.00 more 50mg of data per month. The phone has lots of features (some I am just discovering) and access to the marketplace. Yes, the internal memory is slim with all the preinstalled junk that cannot be uninstalled, but if you only need a few additional apps this will work and some apps downloaded can be moved to the memory card (and those that can't I delete and find one that can unless I REALLY Need them).Overall, lighter than the LG Prime I had before, charges quicker (couple of hours),multiple screens that can be customized. The first keystrokes in a text message are delayed for a second sometimes but after that quick typing and has (what someone referred to as T9) that offers words for parts of words typed that you can select from the screen. Makes text message writing quicker.

I got this to replace my old, slow and laggy go phone. I was going to go with a different carrier, but they were sold out. So I bought this phone, I wanted an android. I love to download apps, etc. The internal memory drives me nuts. You can't delete some of the pre-installed programs and I'm not even sure if there is a such thing as upgrading internal memory. I can't upgrade software for same reason. Other then that, it's not bad for people on a tight budget. I hated paying for 2 phones and having a 60-70 phone bill. It's really up to you if you want to buy this phone. I'm on it constantly and it does have periods where you may have to turn off the phone and turn it back on because of some program errors. Wifi I do love and this one has gps and navigator. Better then my 100 old phone that didn't have this lol. It will not work with a 32gb sd card. Will not recongize it at all. Eventually trading this for a better smart phone.

she didn't like it but ive been using and its ok. the screen wants to lock some times. thank you

I purchased the AT&T Fusion Android about a year ago. At first I thought it was a great phone, but as I continued to use it it started to "mess up" A LOT. It doesn't get very good service, pictures take forever to view, and some people cannot call me even when I have excellent 3G service. Internet usage is annoying. The internet viewing screen is set up very poorly and using Wifi or data will eat your battery life up VERY quickly. Good starter phone for somebody who hasn't had much experience with the other available smart phones, but other than that I wouldn't recommend purchasing it. You'll be disappointed after a month or two of using it.

I was looking for an inexpensive smartphone without a contract. This Avail was a great value. I'm not used to any type of cellphone or smartphone but for me it does everything I might need. This is my first mobile phone ever. I really have very little use for a smartphone but I wanted to give it a go. I found it works with Airvoice on the AT&T network. They have a $10/mo plan with roll-over minutes which is frankly more than I need but probably would not work for a heavy user. The whole package is a great deal for me. You will need to buy a Airvoice SIM card for about $5.

my husband purchased this phone and he loves it,he is a truck driver and it works prefectly well no matter which state he is in
