
It's very good phone but some time it's hang. I buy almost 3 phone. every body happy with this phone.thanks to amazon.

I have had this phone for a little over a year, and I love it! Battery life is good, nice screen, runs smooth, surprisingly nice camera.  Have my phone loaded with apps and never have a problem with it. Only down side is that it takes a long time to start up. I highly recommend this phone!

I bought this phone for my mother, the phone came without a USB but works ok, not bad for the price.

mmm.. this a cheap android phone 2.3, I like it, the only problem is the ram memory 512mb and you cant install many apps, but if you only are going to use Whatsapp and some little apps is ok.

I gave it 4 stars because I consider this is a cell that surpass the quality-price relation, in fact, this is the second one that I buy in order to use it as a back-up phone, the first one I had sell it to a friend of mine who felt in love with this cell.I like its &#34;square&#34; shape, it looks simply different in front to the rest of regular cell phones. It has a very good signal and its screen makes easy the typing activity.I dislike its incapability of upgrade it to a better android version.I recommend this product to somebody newbie in this android topics and/or to somebody who is looking for a cheap and efficient back-up cell phone.

Phone stopped working in less than a month after receiving it. Phone turns on but does not boot up. Phone is faulty very poor quality. Do not purchase.

bought if for a friend and she loves it ,had it for a few weeks and she is yet to tell me if there are any problems,just a little wide for her hand.not a fussy person so she is cool with it..would recommend this product

This phone is nice... Only thing is I had to cut my sim card but the phone works good n everything...

Advertised as new but was a refurbished  phones. 3 Phones ordered on prime came from Wireless Market a day earlier were brand new in original AT&T Boxes. These three phones from Tablet were in refurbished boxes and in not good shape

I've had the phone now for about 3-4 months, and its been working great with my AirVoice wireless sim card (bought the minicard off Amazon as well).  My previous phone was a flip phone and this was my first foray into the world of smart phones.  The battery lasts for about a day and a half to two days, but I don't use data with my phone, so it might be less if you're an active user.  I think its great because I travel a lot so I can put in the local sim cards when needed.  The wifi works fine.

I had a pantech before and it was a good product, but now that they have made a lot of money, I believe they have declined in quality. This pantech p9060 was not a good product. Basically, the keys stuck and wouldn't switch to what they were supposed to. At first I thought it was just a one time thing, but when the got stuck a second and finally a third time, I said enough is enough.

this phone made in korea, not china. that's better, no? it's unique screen. with edges and back cover feels more like rubber instead of heavy metal or plastic. so it's light and thin, yes. and it's good wi-fi for internet and plays good youtube, and if you got netflix account and also WatchESPN from the Play Store, you can watch. is almost like havin little tablet for it still can use even without sim card.  but if you put sim card, it needs the micro type of sim. and battery last long. it can connect to ATT wi-fi automatic. for use also with mobile bankin to take photo and deposit checks online,  yes. just install your bank apps from playstore. this baby is priced around $300 by AT&T if not gettin their contract and data plan. but to only get this around 90 bucks unlocked is better, yes? why others must be complainin is maybe on account that they buy defective used one or they get wet or  busted,  no?  have a best day!

I ordered the smart phone, because I thought it owned a high cost performance. When I received the phone, it testified my correct. It has a usual performance as my wife's Inspire 4G, but a smaller ROM. Given the cheapen price, I think it is a good choice.

First off, I ordered this &#34;new&#34; phone and it was certainly used when i got it, scratched screen and scuffed bottom. I can't remember the seller, as the the seller for which Amazon is filling orders has changed a couple times. I obtained an rma the day I got it...But I liked the phone and wanted to give it another try, so I ordered another hoping that it would indeed be new, and it was. The microsd card was taken out, which was a little annoying, but it forced me to buy an 8 gig.  I really like the form factor of the phone, very nice build and screen, but as mentioned by others, Pantech did cheap out a little. Onboard storage and ram are very low, which causes issues with apps and I believe most of the problems people have with calls and screen lock up. I don't have a lot of apps, and keep them &#34;killed&#34; so I haven't had any issues so far, and call quality is great.So, if your looking for a top of the line android, with top of the line specs, the Pocket probably isn't for you.  But if you want a nice large screen, and aren't app heavy, with added 4g via HSPA+, then i'd recommend it.Another note, I use this with Straight Talk, and after changing the ANPs, very easy with Android, it works great.So, a 4&#34; screen, interesting form factor, 4g for $100 and $45 a month, a good deal in my opinion.

Pretty great for a cheap buy, would recommend to anyone looking for a phone and to save money. Larger than i expected but still very useful.It's a bit laggy as well but what do you expect from that price?

I placed the order and i received a brand new Pantech  P9060, in its original casing 2 days after at my door!!!! Neat!!!

Ok. So I will start off by saying, for the price, This is a good little beginner phone.  I would say it is a low/mid range android device.First, The form factor. I do love that it has a unique 4" screen with a 4:3 screen ratio.It provides great space for reading, typing is bliss on this device, keyboard is very spacious, and has a great screen space for app content. The screen is very responsive.It has a very nice plastic/rubber feel to it. It almost feels as if you don't need a case for it. It has a nice small lip that curves up over the side of the screen to protect if it is dropped face down. It is also suppose to be made of crack and chip proof materials. It has 4 physical android buttons on the bottom.It has I believe a 600x800 Pixel resolution screen, which for this price is pretty good. Text is sharp and clear. Shows details very well. The screen is glass, not plastic but it isn't Gorilla Glass. So it will scratch.Most devices at this price will only fit a 320x480 resolution which provides a bit of a grainy look.The color saturation could be better. Colors are bright and Colorful, but appear a bit washed out compared to other devices in price range.Its not feather light, but not heavy either. It has a nice weight feel to it.The battery is amazing. I can squeeze about 6 hours out of it, which made not seem a lot, but I have a very heavy texter/internet user. With light usage lasting well to 12 hours if not more. Most phones in the past had trouble lasting me 4 hours. Calls are very clear and I've never experienced a drop call yet.It does come with HSPDA+ "4G" which is rated at I believe 14.2Mbps. Data is very fast and very enjoyable. It has great signal, I constantly keeps about 3-5 bars even with me living in the country. Far better than any phone I have had which seems to be a Pantech thing. Their phones have great reception so far.But the phone does have a few downfalls and their big to me.It does indeed have a 1GHZ processor, but it feels more like it's running a 600-800MHZ processor. It can run very laggy. I found the Default Pantech Home Launcher to be horrid at performance. Go Launcher works amazing though. And the more apps you have running, the more severe it will perform. I have to constantly keep a task killer running because once you get about 5-7 apps running, it will lock up and have to perform a battery pull to reboot it.I have owned phones with 1GHZ processors and I've never had these problems before. I'm not exactly sure where Pantech  went wrong with this phone in optimizing it.It has 512MB of ram, which seems sufficient for the normal user, and probably is, but I find that it peaks down to about 20-50MB free ram alot which will start causing lock ups and freezing. I suggest removing the stock AT&T; apps if you won't use them, they constantly open and run in the background all the time.If you are a casual user, maybe a few apps here or there, you won't have any problems with this phone, but if you are a more hardcore user, I would suggest looking into another phone.Next, Storage. It says it has 1GB internal storage, but out of the box, it said it only has about 300-400MB free. After downloading about 20 apps, I was down to less than 100MB left and would run into a insufficient storage warnings while trying to install apps which while having all my apps moved to my SD card to free up internal storage space.If you use a lot of apps or like to download them, this will be a big problem for you.Now, the camera. It has a 5MP camera with auto focus but no flash. The cameras photos are decent, but they don't appear to be very good for a 5MP photo, which Cameras seems to be Pantech's downfall in the phone department. Their camera performances seems to suffer in many of their phones. They are a bit washed out in color.The auto focus is a nightmare. It has at least a 3-4 second lag to focus and the slightest movement will cause the photo to come out blurry and their is no way to turn it off or adjust it. So this will not be good for your primary camera by all means. Low light performance is not good either especially with no flash.Speaker is loud and clear. Phone calls while on speaker phone are very nice and loud. The speaker is on the back so if placed down, it will be muffled.It has all the normal screen senors. Auto Rotate, Proximity but doesn't have a auto light sensor so you are stuck to a basic back light adjuster which won't adjust according to room brightness which can be a pain to constantly change it from interior lighting to exterior.Wifi and Bluetooth work great. I use my Bluetooth to sync with my cars stereo for music and calls.It runs Android 2.3 Gingerbread with no update to Ice Cream Sandwich.Overall, it is a good phone for the price, for a beginner or first time user who likes to text and be a social butterfly but it won't please the more avid users.I would say for an extra $50, buy the Pantech Burst. It has a 4" Super AMOLED screen. Dual core 1.5GHZ processor. 16GB internal storage. Better camera with flash and front facing camera along with updated to Ice Cream Sandwich and also comes with True 4G LTE. The burst is a pleasant to use and has yet to fail me yet.

The phone does not support many android apps! The phone also has a front facing camera that is not operational which seems very odd. Phone is also supposed to come with a 2gb micro sd card but did not!

This is a great cell phone, with the android apps. that's easy on the wallet and easy to use I highly recommend this product if you are in the market for an android that won't break your bank account.

This phone is not good for person who really into using smartphones.It don't hold that many apps before it tells you your storage is full and it always freezes up. It works well if you just want to use the phone and no apps

Got this phone 2 days ago for my parents who are not tech savy at all. I love this phone because from out of the box into my hand I could immediately operate it without any directions. My parents always had 2 basic flip phones which I could never figure how to work. The phone is light but not so light as to feel cheaply made. It has just enough weight to it to not be too heavy or too light. Like the rubber feel of the casing and all the apps included. It operates pretty fast. The con for me & my parent is those little rectangular buttons at the very bottom, because they are black on a black screen they blend making them hard to see especially for an older person. If those buttons had been white it would have been easier to differeniate. But I guess once she gets use to it all will be fine. The phone is also a little wide for holding in hand if you are older or pettite but all in all I think this is a great little phone for a beginner smart phone user, not to much tech nor to little and very easy to use straight from the box. My parents got rid of their 2 basic phones for this & its costing them $10.00 less on their plan. I told them its better to have 1 smart phone then 2 stupid phones. I would highly recommend this phone for anyone wanting to upgrade from a basic phone to your 1st smart phone because of the ease of use and the cost. Highly affordable.

Man, I was scared as heck to buy this phone after I read all the reviews. I'm glad I went with my gut. This phone isn't the best or lastest thing in the tech world but it gets the job done. All my calls work and text are sent through. The only thing you might need to do is buy a SD card. I thought it came with one but I was sadly mistaken. This might not be a problem for other people but I love Tetris and other little games on my phone, so I bought a 32 GB SD card. Overall, I love my phone and I think it's amazing.

If all you want to do is send texts and talk this phone is for you. I use it for my business and it works great. The carrier I use is Lycamobile and their SIM and service work really well with this phone. I'll save $500.00 this year using this phone for the year with a no contract carrier compared to my previous contracted carrier.

This phone is awesome. Is like a mini Tablet, 4&#34;screen diagonal, with a wider screen than most phones its size, 20% wider. The wider screen is nice to read eBooks, browsing the web, instagram and whatsapp look nicer and not crammed. It has a resolution of 800x600 and scale if 4:3 which is great for older TV shows, you can watch 720p videos but you see it like widescreen with the bottom and top bars. Its powerful enough 1GHz Snapdragon processor and RAM is a little bit lower than 500MB, not enough for app nuggets but for simple everyday social, photo, office and some games is great!I got the Unlocked version even though is Att and you can use it for T-Mobile no problem. Just make sure the sim card is installed correctly otherwise it won't read and they will tell you is not unlocked.For $59 you can't go wrong. I highly recommended it for those who don't use your phone as a workhorse.

I Give @ 10.stars + on the pantech pocket 4 G. The estimated time of the delivery was actually before the expected time. The phone has no warrenty but the good thing. It works perfectly fine. I am enjoying all the features there is no signs of cosmetic wear on the phone.

It is a nice phone for the money.  I keep discovering features.  Fits my hand and chubby fingers for typing.  I recommend it.

The Pantech Pocket P9060 is a good phone with flaws that can be annoying, but rarely frustrating. It seems that the phone has a problem with having a lot of apps on at the same time, which is not always the users fault because there are some apps in the phone that run in the background. The keyboard is really bad, so one app you will need to get is a keyboard app. Then texting and typing become better, but no one should have to do that. Then there are times when the phone automatically turns off then restarts by itself. It happens often enough for me to call it a problem, and I have never dropped my phone or subjected it to anything that can actually cause malfunctions in a phone. Overall, the pros of the phone outweigh the cons if you are not crazy about phones. If you want a really good phone, get something else. This is mostly for a person who wants a normal phone, with some smartphone capablities.

Great android phone for the price, use it a lot with square or payanywhere, for credit card acceptance it's wide screen makes it easy for customers to sign. I use with Ultra Mobile which I believe is closer to the T-Mobile network so I don't get the 4g speed but still, no regrets on this purchase got to me quick and brand new and works well for my uses.

It's a very nice phone. Reasonable price and very much worth it! I recommend for regular phone users, and it also has a mixed easy interface.

I loved this phone!  Used it in the US and UK, and it was flawless.  I upgraded to get latest version of Android, and I actually miss it!  WiFi hotspot worked GREAT.  Used it on T-Mobile in the states, and it worked very well.  If you're looking for a cheap, unlocked phone, this phone ROCKS!  You don't even need a cover/case -- the built-in cover is excellent.  Very impressed with this little guy.  I want another one!

I like this phone because it is a smartphone, but less complicated thanmost.  It is priced well, and easy to use.The one thing I did not like about it is how wide it is.  Makes it hard tohold onto.  That is the only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars.Otherwise it is a very nice, basic smart phone.

For the price, this is the best smartphone I've owned. I'm a 5 year iPhone user who switched to this phone, and the only issues I had were with going from Apple iOS to Android. That was a bit of a change but, I am now a bigger fan of Android. So much more customization and it may just be me but I haven't had to pay a single penny for any apps. It's crazy I spend so much money with Apple on apps/games/etc...The phone itself works pretty well. The toushscreen doesn't work as well as my iPhone. The iPhone could really pick up any movement and pick up specific movement this Pantech doesn't do that as well. If my hand is wet or sweaty than the Pantech doesn't pick up my finger well, and I have to dry it off before it will work. It's froze up on me just a few times all year, my iPhone did that more frequently so no problem there either. I would recommend this phone to anyone looking for an affordable smart phone.

When I received the phone it worked but the next day it started freezing up and dropping calls .. Then I started having problems with the phone charging .. The camera didn't have a flash and the led light did not work ...

I bought it for my wife, as it is of smaller shape  and It is a nicely built phone.4G, GPS are a plus at the price i bought. 80 bucks.I already rooted this, and phone performs very well.If you are on a lower budget but do not need a lot in an android phone go with this.Otherwise its better to go for Pantech burst at 115 bucks on ebay.

handset looks good: pretty slim, large almost-squared display, good screen touch, fast menu,...BUT it came DOA (dead on arrival), i.e. it did not recognize the SIM card inside.problem was due to a pin damage, guess from factory.I returned it and Amazon is great to promptly give me refund.bad delivery experience but positively ended up.product potentially valid but I had prefer not to reorder.

I bought this phone because I broke my HTC One X.  While my HTC is getting fixed I decided to get the P9060.  This phone gets the job done.  I use it to get corporate email, text, calls, news, GPS routes.  This phone is not very fast and often slows down when I'm trying to open an application or make a call.  It's nothing that I cant deal with, but others might not have the patience.  I think the battery is OK for what I use it for, please note that I have it plugged into my PC for a few hours a day and charge it every night.Pros:Small, it fits in my pocket , I have small hands and I don't find its shape an issue, I carry this phone and a wallet in the same pocket and I really cant complain.Inexpensive, the price/performance ration is great I get all my personal/business tasks done on this phone even though I'm considering this a downgrade.Features, this has GPS, works great, Bluetooth, worth really great I can stream phone calls and audio into my car, mail, micro SD slot for added memory and storage.Cons:Screen, I dislike the screen a lot, it is not bright and does not have very good resolution.Speed, I have noticed occasional slowdowns when making phone calls or getting email or sending messages.

i got this for a friend who had a next phone wanted a little up grade and he love it

The Pantech Pocket has an enjoyable and unique form factor.  I wish it had more memory.  Only 320mb on board with a microSD slot for 32md additional.  Unfortunately, many of the apps can't be moved to the card and I can't update my apps for lack of memory.  Also, if you let the battery get below 15% and plug it in, it shuts down.  I have to remove the battery to reset it or it won't charge properly.  Same problem if the screen's blank when you plug it in, freezes in the blank screen mode until I reset it.  I've learned over time how to avoid this problem, but the lack of on-board memory cannot be fixed. If you don't want to add much to your smart phone and just use the apps that are pre-loaded plus a couple of your own, this phone would be fine.

i wouldnt recommend this product to anyone .......... you cant even unlock itwould delay to turn on...... i wouldnt tell anyone to buy this phone

The phone is nice i've had it for about two weeks and I love it, it did come unlocked. It does what I need it to do...The only con I have is the battery life is very poor. The phone is very responsive and will work with straight talk. I had to cut down my sim card and it works just fine. If you  have to set your APN settings  you have to set it in two places under the mobile networks. For the APN settings set the Phone APN first and for MMS make your settings under Wap APN and then save I did not delete the old settings just selected the new ones I created and the restarted the phone The form factor is excellent not to small and not too big..... the internet is quick. I did not load a lot of apps from Google, just a task killer, bible and avast... I just wish I could get rid of some of the AT&T blot ware. I had to go to Pantech website and get the PC suite connector so that I could hook up to computer" no big deal"..... Wifi works well, bluetooth is good. It has somethings I wish it could do that but that's with anything you buy.... And the price is nice.6-6-13 update  the camera does not have a flash, it takes good pictures, the battery is not the best, I like the different form. I do not use a lot of apps so no problems there. I was in the same  situation as you , I was not having luck with phones but this so far so good. It is unlocked with AT&T branding and I use it with Straight talk. I had to cut my sim to the mini to fit and it works flawlessly., it not as intuitive as other phones but I've got use to it. I would not use "BlUTEKUSA" even though it is backed by amazon........

This is my fourth cheap android phone and the worst of the bunch. When you try and select something on a web site the point of selection does not correspond to what you touch. Also there is no way to usb transfer to a mac, even android file transfer app does not see this device. There is no Google play app preinstalled so how are you suppose to get apps without going to the web, which as I have mentioned, is nearly impossible to navigate on.RETURNED

I cannot get me sim card to fit into the slot of this new phone.  I have sent you a previous message requesting assistance in fitting the card and no response as yet.  I cannot rate a phone unless I can use it.  Can you assist me so that I can give a proper rating?

can when it said it would but was locked had to call pantech itself to find out how to unlock it

The phone isn't worth the money it locks up and if you don't turn it off and on at least once a day you want get all ur messages and calls. An if you looking something up with the browsed it will freeze and restart. So app won't open unless you restart it.  Camera osmotic that bad but it won't open sometomes pantech isn't a good brand of phone.

2013.UPDATE..CUT SIM TO MINI  W/NO PROBS.ITS EZ.This is my 6th android.device. i know quality..this pocket is sooooo cool..smooooth city..ez to root ect..but i havnt found one reason...To tether hotspot,download secret codes revealer off Google play store, search code,check all boxes except apn fail,then run...boom! you got free tether..search xda developer. com on pocket for better instructions..its nice videos look as good if not BETTER THEN MY FRENDS NOTE2 SAMSUNG!!!!  cPU IS CLOCKN AT 1250!!! STOCK..ITS NICE.BATTERY LIFE IS BEST I,VE HAD.6 HRS cONTinuous MUSIC +GAMING AT SAME TIME OR WEB BROWSING + W/ APRX 10 MIN TALKING CALLS ECT...COME HOME after 6-10 hours  AND STILL GOT 40-50% !!!!!! YA! THATS.AWESOME..TRUST ME.PANTECH IS SO UNDERRATED AND THEY NEED RESPECTTHE CROSSOVER IS WAY COOL TOO.FOR KEYBOARD PPL.BUT POCKET SCREEN SIZE IS HARD TO BEAT..103$ BUY NOW FOOL...update..12/21/2012 wow! battery life is amazing. doesn't die in middle of nite.alarm actually wakes me up n morning..dont be suckered into thinking u need duel quad core crapola..snapdragon 2 1000 mhz is enuff power w multitasking built in..I can browse listening mp3 (ps.download duel screen browser off google store. then u got 2 screens just like a samsung..u figureing it out yet? ;-)...) funnin like 2-4 apps at a time,w/ out a hiccup.or lag..pantech makes smoooooth gingerbread version...dwnload ics theme if ur a poser,or a iphone theme/launcher,then ur stylin same as everyone else...buy itUPDATE.1-5-2013.FULLY UNLOCKEDCHECKED TMOBILE SIM 4-G NO PROBLEMS.I ALSO CUT MY GOPHONE SIM DOWN TO MINI.GOOGLE UTUBE COR JNFO.  PERFECT PHONE

ecxelen for  the price good camera, good memory capacity, is fast,  for the price is wonderfull  unlocked cellphone i liked

My wife is in love with the phone. Light and confortable. Good choice. Pantech is a solid band name. Thanks

This is a terrible phone. I spend more time trying to unfreeze it than I do using it. I would never buy another phone from this vendor,or another Pantech Pocket.I had a Pantech Burst and lost it,  and liked it very much,  thought this would be comparable. Really sorry I bought it.

It's kind of pointless to review a below average two year old model handset, but I do want to confirm the "unlocked" P9060 sold here do work with H20wireless micro SIM also sold here on Amazon for a few pennies, without going through any further unlock code or software rooting hassle.These phones are not fully unlocked (unlock code entry screen errors out) as AT&T; still persists at loading shovelware all over your Android OS.  I doubt they are unlocked enough for AT&T; compatible networks like TMobile (using LycaMobile SIM) or some other international GSM network.I now have this pay as you go phone working for $10 (200 minutes) per quarter as an emergency backup phone.  I bought this $60 phone, and will spend $40 this year on it's voice service, so for $100 this year in total I have peace of mind in case my normal communications fail.I'm still in the process of ironing out a few minor network detail issues about this phone and will update my review with further information - but suffice it to say I'm already more than satisfied with my purchase here.Keep in mind these "new" phones are old inventory.  mine came from BLUTEKUSA with the 2gb microSIM missing, the original AT&T; microSIM missing, and two minor defects at the edge of the screen, but at this price I just kept and used it - not worth making a stink while at 80% off MSRP.FYI: this is a 802.11g/n 2.4ghz capable phone which actual speed tests around 6mpbs, it will NOT use 5ghz or dual bands.  even with a microSIM this phone always lacks from operating memory, so be sure to use an app that kills unneeded processes and an app that helps you move newly installed apps to your microSIM.  such housekeeping will help prevent the phone from locking up so often.

great phone ,great screen, works well in the Caribbean. sound, quality good colours vibrant and natural.would recommend to anyone travelling abroad. needs micro sim.

When I buy phone from china I always get two pair of battery with it you guys only give one that so nasty you need to know how to keep customer so that they keep coming back.

I have a Galaxy S4 thru Sprint, but I needed a backup phone because in my area Sprint does not have a good signal everywhere. I did not want another big phone  so I opted for the P9060. After reading so many bad reviews on this little phone I decided to buy it anyways. Yes the phone freezes from time to time but all you have to do it turn it on and off again(the little silver button on the top left) and and when you go back you are right where you left off and it is unfrozen. I put a 32GB memory card in and for me i am able to get all the applications I need that are on my other phone. I am not sure about the unlocked things because I am using an AT&T sim card. This is a great little phone and the price is unbeatable.

For the price I paid for the pantech pocket, its worth it. The phone runs smoothly. its easy & fun to use. Little to no lag. I like it. Be sure to get a memory card for this phone. Most of the phone functions will not work without a memory card installed.

It was a gift for my sistern and she is very happy with it, very good performance, nice big screen and resolution, nice design and the price is awesome, cons: i would like phone to come with flash, and it doesnt have front camera for video conference and also doesn't have FM radio. I dislike with the seller becouse i received an open box, outside the box was dirty, but inside everything seems new.

I bought this phone locked to AT&T; locally on New Years Day, I unlocked it and bought several screen protectors from Amazon and 4 cases for it also from Amazon.  The phone started to lag and restart occasionally so I bought a Pantech Burst after getting all caught up in the dual core debate.  I attempted to sell the Pocket, but only low ballers (HATE THOSE GUYS) were contacting me.  The Burst was shipped with ICS pre installed and I just didn't like it.  I found a way to restore Gingerbread on it and at the same time I rooted it.  Since I still had the Pocket I decided to root it as well.  After rooting, I've decided to keep both phones.  I discovered I prefer the Pocket without a case since it's so nice just by itself.  After rooting I deleted all the AT&T; bloatware and freed up a bunch of memory.  I use one phone each month.  So far, the Pockets issues have disappeared.  If only it was sold without all the boatware slowing it down.  It still will lag occasionally when playing games like fruit ninja, but so far I'm really liking the Pocket again.  If you get one, don't be afraid to root it and get rid of the bloatware.Pantech Pocket P9060 Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.3 OS, Touchscreen, 5MP Camera, Video, GPS, Wi-Fi, SNS integration, MP3/MP4 Player and microSD Slot - Gray

It's a phone I've used before and I like androids never disappointed me , just enough functions light and portable

I've had it for almost a month and really like it so far. It's older than the Huawei Fusion 2 i had before but much better.

I needed a low priced phone and didn't have high hopes for this, but I was pleasantly surprised.  Some of the reviews say that the four buttons on the bottom can't be removed (the ones you see on the screenshot) but I was able to install Go Ex Launcher and it works just fine.Spotify, Google Play, and BeyondPod all install with no problems.  The email client is quite good for Exchange Mail (both of my Exchange accounts are set up).But what surprised me was that the width of the phone made typing on the phone so much better.  The 4x3 display made quite a difference and it was a decent experience.All of my podcasts play fine and Spotify works great too.  I don't have an /sdcard/external_sd directory (the /sdcard/ directory handles the microSD card which should work fine for most things.NOTE:For those who complained about the phone locking up or the phone going into constant resets, I experienced this too.  What you need to do is to download a program from the Play store called RAM Booster.  Set it to automatically free up memory every 5 minutes.  The freezes occur because RAM is getting filled since the phone only has about 512MB of RAM.  When you do that, you'll notice that it tends to not freeze up nearly as much (if at all).For constant resets, the system gets issues when the battery gets very low.  I had this issue with the battery when I first got it where the phone said it had 90% free battery and would constantly die.  Since it was a new phone, I figured that I needed to condition the battery (full charge, full discharge, repeat 2x or 3x until the system learns the limits of the battery).  This is a normal thing phones do when they get exposed to heat or hot conditions where the battery loses its ability to determine what's full or not.  Many rechargeable batteries have this issue although I wish the phone handled it better..... still, if you have a full charge and conditioned the battery once, it should learn it and keep everything running fine.Cons:It's not that fast.  But it's not too slow either.  Using BeyondPod, I played HD videos on the screen with absolutely no problems or slowdown.  BSPlayer didn't play with the correct aspect ratio so that's disappointing but the built-in player does the trick fine.The OS is 2.3 so some of the apps won't install (the TIVO app is one that didn't), but SPOTIFY did with the new version.  It took my 64GB MicroSD card and formatted it then the system used it with no problem.  The internal storage isn't much but with the SD card, I have all I need for now.Summary:  BUY!For about $50, you get a decent Android phone with a surprisingly good screen that makes things readable even with small text.  The 4x3 screen is great for typing on the touch display and you get OTG storage (according to the phone's folders).  I used TabletTalk to dial my phone from my tablet and it worked fine.  It let me control the phone and switch from Bluetooth to Speakerphone from the tablet.Spotify playback didn't stutter unless it was bogged down with a lot of other tasks but that was to be expected.Still, for $50 off contract, I'm definitely glad I bought it.  I was going to spend $70 on a prepaid phone to get a replacement phone but this is a much better buy.  It's not state-of-the-art processor and speed but for emails, some web browsing (can't use Chrome though.... Firefox works fine though), and music/video playing, you can't do much worse for the price.Bluetooth is also present as are most other Android functions.

i love this phone it work real good and u it came new for $ 50 it is the best thing u can get new for 50 bucks in cellphone for at&t

Ok, if you want a great deal for your money.this phone will make you happy.great deal fantastic phone.it's a win, win deal.

Phone was purchased for my elderly father.  Decision was based on the dimensions of the phone along with all of the features it offered.  Just wish the battery charge could last longer without having to recharge it so frequently.

A very good phone. Everything is working perfectly. I wrote all the Android applications. Generally, a good phone, and for such a low price, the best product. I advise everyone to buy, save money and buy a good phone :)

nice screen size. well buit and sturdy. my 12 y.o is able to go into the android play store download lots of free apps

Buttons stick and can't get memory card to work, it freezes up alot and never stays charged and runs slow

phone is good for most part freezes up a little but otherwise it is good for the price.

Best touchscreen phone ever. Fun, easy and convenient for all your needs in a cell phone! For the price, it was worth more than I thought!

DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PIECE OF TRASH! Cannot handle apps, crashes stock launcher, after factory restore market does not launch to install a better launcher. Android does not function on lesser devices. Pure garbage. Also loves to reboot by itself whenever it wants. One again pure unadulterated garbage!

Ok so the phone is alright for the price but as soon as i got it i noticed a lot of things i did not like.With like 3 apps on it  it started saying low phone space and it kept force closing out of facebook.I also disliked that you can't take pictures or save them without an SD card.The camera sucks to.If you're looking into buring this phone i reccomend that you don't.

This was a good phone. The touch was amazing, the response was quick and it was overall really good.However, the internet capabilities (what I bought it for) was not as I expected. It can only work on certain 3G nextworks.MAJOR FLAW and the reason I returned it was the reception. It would always show full network signal bars but it would not receive certain calls. Callers always complained about having to try several times or had to use other methods.Despite it's good looks, performance and it's build, I wouldn't recommend it for everyday use. (And why else would you want a phone?)

This phone is awesome for the price.  It does everything my older but much more expensive android phone did. I really like it.

The phone was brand new and works like a charm, some sticking is expected when you have many things working at the same time, and there is some stuff you can't get rid of but for the price it is a good deal. I was disappointed that I did not receive an SD card with the phone when they said it would be included.

I cannot wait to get rid of this phone.  It is such a hunk of junk.  I don't get my text messages, it randomly just shuts itself off and has to be rebooted a couple of times a day.  The camera is completely worthless, it takes about 7-8 seconds to take a picture.  Now I'm getting warnings every day that phone storage space is low and I only have a few apps on it.

i loved phone while i had it but didnt have front facing camera so i sold it to get new one and i was able to resale phone for same price i bought it so has good resale value.

Description of phone said it was unlocked, however i received a locked phone. and have to pay extra for unlocking a phone that ws supposed to be locked.

I had another &#34;smart' phone that drove me crazy , so I found this one and it is everything the other phone was suppose to be. This one is easy to operate no trying to get things to go where you want they just go and if not where you want it is easy to navigate this phone to make it what you want . It is very responsive too. This was an AT&T phone and was easy to set up. I just needed to get a micro or  mini Sim card from at& t and they transferred my contacts  . Love my new smart phone!

I have been using this phone for 2 weeks. It is awesome and worth the money paid for. The phones square shape is perfect for any hand size and has A very responsive touchscreen

for this price i couldn't find a better one. without a flash light i couldn't  take picture  night.i dorecommend this phone if you need to do text.check email.it a perfect size  my pocket.

This phone has to be one of my favorites. Primarily because of its price and speed. It is a very fast phone and at the price tag of under $70 you cannot beat it. Most of my clients use this phone with T-mobiles network through Solavei. The phone fits great in your hand and has a more square than rectangle shape to it. A case is not really needed due to the design of the phone (the back folds around which protects the glass incase of a fall). So far, I have not found a better phone at this price.

for a cheap phone its very robust it as it limits .like low memory no flash .but its a very nice starter phone

The only obstacle I found for this phone is it doesn't really allow multitasking perhaps due to its small memory. Other than that it's solid basic smart phone for its price.

I just recieved my phone yesterday. I love it so far. I added it to straight talk. Only problem I've had so far is editing the apn settings so I can use it with straight talk. I can't get it to edit them at all so I have no internet at the moment which sucks

I will write another review based on the performance. I m heading out of country and hope that the phone will work with other gsm carrier. So far I love the look of it.

i have used this phone for few months. Having lot of issue. if you compare about money, it is worth $70. The screen quality is bad and touch sensibility is very very bad specially on typing. this phone get freeze whenever u want to do something more like someone calling during the time of using net its get freeze. however, its really disgusting if it freeze in an emergency time. this phone is the phone that u never trust.

This is such a great item with the current technology. I love it and since I purchase it, I have never had any problem with it. I will rate it. 99.9%.

All around pretty good phone however we have MAC's at home so I cannot transfer any of my pictures from the phone to the MAC so I will have to get a new or different brand as soon as I am eligible for an upgrade

What is good about this phone?(1) A 5.0 MP camera, with Video Capture Capability(2) A Quad-bands Phone (900/850/1800/1900)(HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100 )(3) Android OS, an easy to use OS(4) Compared to other smartphones, the internet speed is better(5) Plus Wi-Fi Capable + mobile hotspot capable(6) Takes micro SIM (if you switch back and forth iphone and android)(7) GPS(8) MP3 Ring tones customizable(9) Rugged frameWhat is not good about this phone?(1) No front camera (video chat not possible)(2) Upgrade to ICS or JB (4+ OS) may slow down the device, in some cases device might simply quit functioning, in some rare cases, the device might malfunctionS(3) 600 MB internal memory, slow booting (do not know the processor speed)(4) Low PPI (220 PPI) means, (means you don't see crispy clear picture or videoThat being said, the cheapest price you can find as of this date is on Amazon, around $80.  Considering the price and the features, I would like to rate this Smartphone A FIVE STAR. The average life time of the device is around 4 years on heavy daily usage. Thanks.

I had several PANTECH phones in the past, so I was not hesitant in ordering another. The Pocket even gave the ATT Customer Service guy a problem in reading the SIM card at the store. After 2 cards and several re-boots, it finally read the card. The next day, again...Today-same problem...Amazon is refunding and I have reordered another pocket in hopes that it was just a lemon.

After a few months of use, the phone can no longer connect to WiFi.  I tried software reboots and complete wiping and re-installing of the android operating system.  I tried different WiFi signals, but the problem was the same.  A cellular repair shop told me it was a hardware problem and that the WiFi antenna had gone bad.  But Pantech refused to honor the warranty and just gave me the run around blaming the problem on the software.  I bought a second phone because it was cheap, and the home button broke after 6 months.

How much do I love this phone? I could have paid double what I paid for it and still think that I got a great deal! One word of caution however, read and follow the instruction manual to maximize enjoyment. Also, battery life could be better.

i bought this for my daughter the screen tends to freeze up but its an easy quick fix just push the button on top she is a very heavy texter she loves it

2 stars  is being Generous for this phone my son had it for about 3 weeks now & the phone is NOT what it says. The phone freezes about & stop working that my son has to take out the battery each time just to restart it & then before it starts back it takes a good 3 to 6 mins to just come on for $80 this cell should be working great. The only positive is the screen is a nice size.  I feel it was I waste of our money & we could have brought a phone that works without taking the battery out to use. Coming from amazon I was expecting a better product that they test & make sure the quality is up to par. We are not happy with this purchase :(

It is my first smart phone and I like the size. I like the way I can turn it horizontally and it changes to larger.

Bought the first one for my son about a year ago. Works fine, especially for the price which was about $57 and free shipping. Bought another for my daughter last month, but this one had a defective touch screen that would not power on. Amazon's no-hassle return policy is truly terrific and between them and/or the vendor, a UPS driver was soon at my door with a completed return label, all postage paid. Soon after, the purchase amount was fully refunded to my credit card. As long as such great customer-first policies are in place, I'd have no qualms about trying this phone yet again. After all, the first one is a real trooper, now in its second year of service for my son.

It's a standard smart phone, there's no front camera or flash just an FYI and I;m not sure if there's a screen capture feature. If so someone please HELP, but It's a good phone if you're on a budget I'd suggest it

Bought this phone for my for my Mom for Christmas. It was her first android cell phone and she loves it. The phones square shape is perfect for any hand size. Very responsive touchscreen and fast processor. Many apps within android make this an awesome phone.

It showed up in 2 days and all had to do was put my sim card in piece-o-cake so easy and it never freezes up ever ever never

I bought mine nearly 6 months now, and it is still working as new. The screen is super, and the feel of the phone overall is great. If you have too much apps open at the same time, the phone freezes a bit, but after all, a computer does too, if too much screens are open.I would recommend this phone to anyone who needs a decent, but cheap phone to browse around.

This phone was ridiculously priced in the store (some didnt even sell it).  It was a perfect price & exactly what I needed!  Amazon you rock!

This phone is a waste of money. Stays froze up. It is messed up more often then it's not, not worth the money

Comes with all the basics needed to be satisfies with a smartphone. Supports up to a 32 GB Micro SD card (which i bought for it) and runs seamlessly. There's no reason you SHOULDN'T get this phone. Big apps (>120MB) are a bit sluggish but that's to be expected. Buy the s***. it's only like $55 on here.

I liked the phone just fine until the battery died within a few months of owning this phone. I had to literally  Phone was great while it lasted though the battery life left much to be desired.

Cuurently own iPhone 4, Xperia U, and now Pantech Pocket which I simply swap my similar card out and use any of the listed phones. While iPhone 4s is my primary phone, the Pantech is perfect for plane travel.  I can use maps in other cities, and while on the plane reading from any of the Nook, Kindle, and Sony reader apps is much more enjoyable than on the iPhone 4s. I don't play games on my phones so I cannot comment about games.  Music I use Amazon all my devices and it works best on android as to iOS. The Pocket isn't the latest and or greatest but for me and travel and what I use a phone for, its perfect.

this is very cool for people who have not had an android or have never had a more advanced technology in their hands.He gave very good because it is resistant to fall as it weighs nothing.but it is too wide for my taste is completely square and its speed does not impress me P9060 I gave this to someone who did not know that was an android and is very happy with but I did not.

Not a bad phone; could use more on board memory and a flash for camera; would like to delete certain apps I don't use.

The phone itself is great, however it came with a cracked camera lens, which is a bit disappointing since I ordered a new phone.  When I sampled what a photo would look like the cracks don't effect the image so overall a good buy.

1st smart phone , volume level to low. miss a lot of calls because of that. good luck seeing display when outside.

I'm not a polished techie type of person but have been able to learn the functions of this phone quickly.  Very suitable for me... I'm not ready for the short-lived faddish phones that become outdated in 5 or 6 months

Ordered for a friend. I like how big the screen is, the display is clear she had no complaints. The camera is ok. The pics are not grainy. The only thing missing from this phone is flash for the camera.

Great phone, I have no issues with this pan tech pocket after about a month of use. My daughter loves this phone...

Works OK but limited in what I'm able to do with the phone but its very cool and slim yeah

Pretty easy to root if using Windows 7 or lower. Couldn't get it done with 8.1. Nice smartphone for the price and a keeper for awhile. Liked the one I bought for my wife so much I bought another for myself.Update: Found ADB drivers that work on 8.1. Amazing, this phone is great!Deleted some of the bloatware and it runs great. You have to be smart about Android. It is an Android phone. Many tweaks at Play Store. This is not a Windows phone, it is ab Android phone.

The wi-fi streams video without any bufffering. I'm not trying to plug another product but it worked with the H2o wireless sim bought here on amazon for $ 0.01 after downloading the h2o app. Loud speaker I can hear out side. Easy to use. Haven't found anything to complain about yet.

The right price for the right device. As a good starting device, it has an acceptable screen resolution plus a decent battery and gps.

bought this phone to replace a Samsung galaxy proclaim. It has a great huge display and it carries well in your pocket feels like a small wallet. The only let down is the internal memory but that is fixed with a bigger sd card. This is a great phone and a great price. If you are looking for a good entr&eacute;e level phone you wont be disappointed..i love it

It works well with a Chinese sim card, and I can install quite a lots apps on the phone. Good deal at that price!
