
If you need a phone to place calls, receive/send emails and want FB, Twitter, etc, updates in a second, then Windows Phone 7.5 is the OS for you. I forgot to mention that MSN Messenger is available also! All of this without downloading or installing anything! All info is on your main screen tiles so you won't need to enter a specific application to see updates but in case you want full apps, you can download them for free! This combined with the superb quality of Nokia phones is a winner!

I bought this product because it received great reviews on CNET.  However, there were issues I did not anticipate.  I will start with the positive and then go with the negative.Pros:Product arrived a day earlier than expected using Amazon free shipping.Handset was a good size and weight for a smartphone.Pictures were excellent.  (I am not able to rate the video quality because I did not use this feature.Touch screen was pretty cool and allowed you to rearrange tiles on start screen pretty easily.Price point for features available for this phone were excellent.Cons:Product arrived in a box that had no Nokia logo.  This made me a little uncomfortable because the product was advertised as new.  (in fairnes to seller--the product appeared new and had no defects--but there were other issues that make me skeptical.)Phone came with a phone charger--but it did not have a USB cable, headphones, or a User Manual.  To this day--I am not sure if the Nokia Lumia 710 comes with these accessories or not--because there was no manual included and the box did not appear to be the original packaging box.The ring level was very low--even when I turned it all the way up, which made it difficult to hear when the TV or Radio was on.The speaker option was awful!  I tried calling T-Mobile several times using the speaker phone and the audio was choppy and garbled.Another issue--this maybe just me--but when the phone was dormant, you needed to push the &#34;On&#34; button on the top of the phone to turn on the screen instead of the three buttons on the bottom of the phone.  There maybe a way to change this feature to allow the lower buttons to activate the phone from its dormant state--but I couldn't figure it out.Finally--I was aware of this --and it did not affect my decision but it may influence yours--the apps store for windows is not as robust as apples or androids.  this was not a deal breaker for me--i use a limited number of apps and they were available on this phone--but if you like apps--you may want to consider something else.***In short--the low ring level and inaudible speaker-phone feature were dealbreakers for me.  I returned the phone this morning using Amazon's returns system--which is pretty easy to use.  I wound up buying an Iphone 4--I am embarrased to say--because I think Apple products are seriously overpriced--but I was looking for a solid, dependable, no-nonsense work phone and the Nokia Lumia 710 just wasn't it.

The phone Nokia Lumia 710 is great. However, it is not friendly to transfer your contacts or calendary from your old phone. On the other hand, the battery is the worst, it is usually run down in less of one day.

You can't go wrong with NOKIA build quality, this phone is the best mid range phone you can get for this price. Windows Phone is FAST and beautiful, plus all the apps by Nokia are awesome!. Love it!

The only thing this phone lacks is the ability to manually configure a DNS server, which for some people and applications would be a drawback, otherwise this phone excels when compared to Motorola Droid Pro GSM.

After three month of use, I conclude that Nokia Lumia 710 is an excellent!! smatphone and I hope that in the near future  the  windows phone will be a great, great, great and the best  software for this phone.

I'll keep it simple. All I needed was a phone to replace a flip phone that I had that was slow on web browsing.I bought this phone and it has a nice resolution lcd, but it's the little things that make it not worth keeping.First of all my cheaper flip phone could set any ringtone I wanted from any sound file. This device won't do it unless you manually cut a ringtone in pc zune software. Who has time for that if you have a lot of music you like?The battery life is terrible. I had to turn off all services, because when purchased brand new the charge would only last a day. I can understand that because it's a smart phone, but when I don't use it that much it's ridiculous.It uses data even when all services are turned off. I tell you that I looked everywhere and at every menu option to try and turn of the data flow so I could use my internet when I really need it. It's impossible. This device will run data even when you're not doing anything, and you can't turn it off. I would say that it probably runs at least 40mb of data just on stand by. What the hell is that???The on screen key pad for txt is annoying. You would think that practice makes perfect, but this thing has a tendency to input the wrong letter, either that or you need fingertips the size of pencils to get this working effectively. I have an ipod that does better.The camera sucks. Low light, bright light. Good luck with that mess. You can adjust the lighting after the fact, but why bother.Downloading apps is a pain in the ass. Why does it need an outlook account for anything?  You couldn't even transfer contacts when it initially came out.You can't really customize the tiles. There are themes but they are all solid colors and only a handful.Basically if you just want a phone that dials and gets calls, that's all it's good for. My flip phone never used data for no reason, hence entirely more useful when it has data it hasn't blown through.

I bought this phone for my wife and it has work great, she is no geek with her phone she uses the basic and every day she tells me about some new feature she discovers and works great for her, Nokia and Windows are really breaking through with their phones this was the first of many! Great hardware over a year and a half that i got it for her and it shows no scratch at all, and she is not the most careful person in the world.Totally recommend this phone.

I chose this because it's a Windows Phone, so it's simpler to use as a smartphone. Also, I like nokia's. The only thing I don't like is the fact that you can't choose your own files to be text alerts. You can choose your own ringtones but not text alerts.

This Phone works just great! it works super fast and the social media integration is greater than other smart phone. Perhaps WP7.5 have to improve many things.I'm very satisfied with my Phone, I have to say for shure that NOKIA IS BACK!

I bought this phone to use it in mexico and it has works perfect since I have received it, Mango looks great and nokia phone build quality is superb. I had doubts about screen quality and colors, but fortunately the black is deep black and other color do not look washed.

me encanta el celular, funciona bien, salv que en ciertos momentos, me quedo sin se&ntilde;al y debo apagarlo y volver a prenderlo .windows phone es muy practico y facil de usar.

I hav purchased The device as an international and open to all networks but it turn to be locked on T-mobile and disnot suporte Arabic language.

I bought this cel to use it at Mexico but now that I have tried to use it I can't because it's locked by T Mobile and not unlocked as the seller says. Now I will pay to get it unlocked. I'm really dissapointed

Ordered two devices for my family. After a week the first one crashed (software) issue that was loaded on it.Good thing I ordered two of them, my son is very upset and said I should have bought a replacement at the store instead.Guess how much I help I got with this problem? NONE-

At first, I really liked this phone for the looks. When starting to use it, I found out that the the basics of the phone were easy to use and easy to learn. Everything works well and I would definitely recommend it for those who are not considering to use the applications much. In comparison to other smart phones on the market, this phone definitely needs more work. The applications which other phones (ex. iPhone, Samsung, etc) have are substantially better in quality and usage. Popular applications like gmail chat, kakaotalk, instagram, etc. have do not work well and most times not at all. Games also are very limited, you won't find a good version of angry birds, doodle jump, bejeweled, plants vs. zombies, etc. Since this phone is fairly new on the market, I'm hoping that the applications will considerably improve. If you're hoping for a phone with tons of applications, I extremely warn you, this is not your phone. Other than that, I like this phone and its easy usage.

NOkia Lumia 710 is amazing Product , now I am feeling bad of using IPHONE for past years , I like this product very much , it has good touch screen and very good apps and word , excel , one point pad is excellent . The only problem is GPS navigation when I downloaded maps and using them the destinations are pointing correctly ,It takes to the nearest point but not to the actual destinations.Thanks,Bobba

Only two words for this product, excelent smarthphoge. It fits with all my requeriments. The Windows Phone SO is beatiful, I love it, its interface, its effects, its colours.

I've had several lumia 710 mostly for the family and this was no exception, with the freedom to use it on any company it works great.

Mr Amazon respected gentlemen i will choose the evaluation shown by the following:(a) The phone shuts off suddenly; (b) could not communicate nor spoken, or written.In that it would not make calls or send e-mail messages, until you perform to Movistar, where they were in the process of reviewing maybe they dropped and relitavely that moment the point b, settlement, but the point a,  continues still. It is for these reasons that assigned the rating above.Agadeciendo your attention. Mayquel Herrat de Silva.Translation from Spanish to English by Babylon

Phone isn't working its dropping calls it keeps restarting and the packaging was terrible box was opened and it was taped up I'm real disappointed

como siempre muy complacido con los productos de nokia XD. valio cada centavo! solo espero la actualizacion a 7.8 que sale en enero

The limitation of nokia is the shape. Nokia stands out in quality hardware, but is a failure in aesthetics for me. But lumia 900 for this price is a good buy.

Phone is fast and respond well to touch comands. Windows Phone is very easy to use. Still missing more apps, but the basics are available. One of the cheapest phone options with most of what is needed in a smartphone. battery life is regular, one day of intense usage.

I'm giving this one star. Most because I got the phone and it ISN'T ACTUALLY UNLOCKED. The phone itself is fine I suppose.

The Nokia phones are dinosaurs that will be left behind by Apple and Android. The only thing they might have had going for them would have been customer service, but they have left the Lumia owners high and dry. There will be no more Apps or development, and there was not much for them to begin with. Avoid their phones and them at all costs. When contacted, they are of no help. After spending a good amount on a new 710, they reward loyal customers, like I was, by phishing for their information, promising Amazon gift certificates, then willfully reneging on them! Seems to be a company barreling toward the technological dungheap!

I've been using this phone for almost a year now and am extremely happy with it. For the price, it is a great value. My friends all use Android phones that cost similar to this one, and in most ways this  phone is better. The camera, while it isn't great, can take some pretty nice photos better than a cheap Android phone. I am a fan of the Windows OS. Some of the features that I like are: a dedicated search button that lets you search by text, voice, or use the camera to scan bar or qr codes. It's nice that this is built in and you can do this by pressing one button. I also like the built in Microsoft word and the Nokia Music, which lets you listen to music for free. It works kind of like the radio, but you can skip songs that you don't like. Complaints are minor: I like the build in BIng search less than Google, there are less apps available than with Android or the iPhone, and the emoticons are much worse than on Android. But the emoticons are the only major complaint I have about this phone. Otherwise, I am very happy. I'd like to save the best feature for last: the GPS. It is amazing. My friends with Android phones tried using their GPS (they don't have data) only to get error messages. My phone started giving directions with no problem even though it wasn't connected to the Internet. That's right, the GPS works offline; you don't have to worry about high data or roaming costs using the GPS like other phones. The price of this phone is very good; it's worth buying for the GPS alone. So I highly recommend buying it. Warning about buying this phone from Amazon: It came with a European charger and adapter, and when I plugged it in, sparks came out and it didn't work. So you'll have to buy your own charger, but it only costs a few dollars.

good morning and bought a cell phone by mistake and then made &#8203;&#8203;a conselacion and buy other products and other cell phone which no repayment terms nesesito know so we can make the purchase of the cell phone, I hope your answer

bought this phone after my old one broke. Very pleased with this phone. Works well except for occassional freezing and dropped phone conversations. But i still think its a great phone for everyday use.

I heard some people saying that Windows Phone didn't have enough applications, at least for us, it has all the applications we require.The battery duration is great!

I have had this phone for about one year and it is great, but don't let the battery totally discharge or it is hard to restart.

The phone is fine...until it suddenly died 5 month after purchase. Cause of death is uncertain.&#34;Wireless Everything&#34; might know...Phone was from France (god knows why) and comes with french instructions and European charger. This is also the reason why the Nokia warranty is not valid.Terrible customer service from the beginning.Lesson learned...Behind a good price there is always a very good reason.

When I purchased it I was afraid because it was used, but it arrived in exceellent conditions (better than advertised)

I bought Nokia Lumia as a Nokia mobile phone fan. I was a Symbian user and now I tried Windows Phone. The phone is a great choise for middle cost cellphones. The cellphone is fast and has good memory.Some considerations about Windows Phone 7.5Good things:- Too fast- Excelent integrations (FB, Twitter, Windows Live, Google, etc.)- Nokia Maps- Good internet browser (Internet Explorer)-BAD:- Low quantity apps in marketplace- Low battery power (max 2 days)- Impossible to create a new contact on phone. You must include on Windows Live or others social networks.- No support to 4G network-

Sorry I bought this phone. i bought it because phones in Colombia are very expensive, this seem to be a great deal. The voice mail never worked, the battery started very early to work just for a few hours, after 5 months the battery is useless, It will just not start again, I have lost lots of sales and contacts and work due to this phone. Not a good phone!  The nokia drive does not work in Colombia, the maps are absolutely past. I can't buy the battery here in Colombia.Has a good processor and it is relatively resistant to impacts.

I bought this phone for my parents and they seem to love it. It's nothing fancy but it's got the basic features that they like in a phone: camera, texting, email, etc. My parents really like the fact that Windows 7.5 is easy to use. The battery life isn't very long--that's why I've got to know it down from 5 stars to 3 (battery life is *really important to me*). They usually have to charge the phone every day even though they really don't use it very much.

Stay away from this phone.You'll have a bluetooth that you can't use (even to share files with ANOTHER Lumia 710, pathetic). You have to use zune for file management. It won't work as a flashdrive.It does have a good hardware gear, sure... but I wouldn't waste it with a windows installed.Go to android.

Got the package with US adapter so that you can plug-in directly. Mine is French version when I turned on the phone but you can change your language after you push the button even I do not know French.

With the nokia lumia 710 I have everything to be connected, the user experience is cool and the phone is fast.

Much better than expected, feels fluid and fast. And today they announced the OS upgrade... I bet it's going to be a good experience for my nephew.

I have had two of these phones.  They are very easy to use for the less technically inclined.  Their biggest issue is that the charging piece on the phone itself breaks.  The first phone I had died in a year because we couldn't charge it.  The second lasted 2 years, but the 2nd year it could only be charged through my computer.  No charger that I bought would work, not even the one that came with the phone.  Therefore if you buy one, get it cheap as the charging system will die in a year.  I am buying another actually, now for a little over $100, but I am well aware it will probably only last a year.

My Computer can recognize the phone, cant sync and download songs or videos for my sun to it. Cant upgrade it to windows 8.

this phone just work for 3 monts,  one day i conect to charge the battery and never charged. i changed the battery for a new one but the phone doesn't Works.  i take the phone to 4 technical and all of them told me that can't be fixed.  i really dont know if the trouble is this kind of phone or just was bad luck

A well balanced device. The OS is perfect for windows users specially professionals and the hardware quality is the one you expect being a nokia user.

it is great to have a decent phone at this price. Hardware is great, Nokia rocks. But WP looks so stupid compare to Android and IOS.

This Windows phone from Nokia is Great. Everything is so fast & organized ! Very User friendly for beginners! Everything runs smoothly & no extra programs needed for the Computer. Plug & Play! Thanks Nokia & Windows for joining two Great products together!Jon

I have been always buying Nokia and i thought there were the best, but i was very disappointment with nokia Lumia!!! I had to return it, since i couldn't even install skype on it, i tried all kinds of things and it didn't work. It's a good phone if you just want to call or txt. I would say battery life was that long either.Went from Nokia Lumia to Samsung Galaxy and very happy with the purschase, more money, but it definitely worst it!!!

For a phone that costs less than $200 including shipping, it's excellent! I got the phone only today, and I may change my opinion later if need be, but if it functions normally, I'm most likely to be very happy with the purchase. So here are the reasons why I love the phone already:-- For the price, the phone looks great &#8212; almost as good as any other phone out there! It's great to hold and show off. I was expecting it to look cheap, but it doesn't. I'm glad I got it in black.-- The user interface design is impressive. Microsoft has clearly put a lot of thought into what the interface should look like, and the result is really cool.-- The touch screen is very responsive &#8212; there are no lag or crashes. Apps works great.-- And, like I said, it cost me less than $200 with shipping!There are three minor drawbacks too:-- The phone takes some getting used too, especially if you're used to an iPhone. The user interface &#8211; as cool as it is &#8211; is not always intuitive. You will be hunting for menus, options, and buttons that you can easily find on the iPhone. But once you get used to it, it's not a big deal.-- If you love apps, this phone supports a very limited number of them. Given that it hosts Windows 7.5, which is now outdated, there's little hope that it will get a whole lot of apps in the future. But it serves the purposes I bought it for: email, facebook, youtube, and web surfing. So it works for me.-- The camera, although 5 mpx, is not the best in the world. The pictures are not super clear as they are on an iPhone, but then the iPhone costs $650. Having said that, it's not terrible either. It works well enough for the price.

discription says the phone was new but it did not come in a box and with no manual.works great but did not look new.

comper this phone and the description was saying it was unlocked and 3G connectivity, but it is 2g and T. mobil how do I return this product?

Three months after I bought it, my battery discharged, the phone switched off by itself which is normal, but after that, I put it on charge but no result. My phone never turned on again. As I am writing now the phone is still dead.

I got this phone in July and I have had to replace the phone once, Master Reset phone twice and now I am am having to replace the battery. While T-Mobile was spot on when replacing the phone overnighting it to me, Nokia seems to believe that first waiting 2 business days for someone to call back and confirm because their first level support must be incapable then having to wait 5 to 7 days for shipping is acceptable. NOKIA shame on you. Save your money, it's a crap phone, crap apps and Nokia is not providing timely service.

I had been using an iPhone 3GS for a few years (and have been an AT&T; customer in general for years before that) when I started to realize just how much I was paying for AT&T;'s service but how little I was using it, or the talk minutes part of it anyway. I had thousands of roll over minutes and hundreds expiring every month. I no longer felt I was getting any value from their service. I looked around to try and find some savings and realized that by buying my phone up front and bringing it to T-mobile, I could be saving $20 per month. The phone does pay for itself eventually.So anyway - I am supposed to be reviewing this phone. I have been curious about the WP7 phones for a while and was happy to finally make the jump. The phone itself is attractive enough and the additional software provided by Nokia makes their handsets even better than the other WP7 phones out there. The Drive GPS app is much more than I expected from preinstalled software. It has day/night mode, a good selection of voices, and speed alerts. Plus the maps are downloaded to the phone so you never have to wait for them to load.The hubs and live tiles concept takes a while to get used to, but now that I have adapted, I wondered how I lived without them. Hubs make the folders in iOS seem useless in comparison. And live tiles are like notifications that display on the individual tile. It is a very cool concept and well executed.I never thought I would use the FM radio, but the park where I go to walk has poor coverage by T-Mobile and I was not able to stream internet music there. I just switched to the radio and found an appropriate station with good reception. It worked fantastic.Also, the phone came with a pretty good pair of headphones, which don't seem to be included when purchasing from T-Mobile.There are few negative points to this phone: It is an international phone, so I was disappointed to find that the wall charger I got was the European standard and was worthless to me. However I was able to attach the cable to the USB wall plug that came with the iPhone and charge that way. Charging seems to be a little slow using USB, but I have ordered a proper wall adapter and hopefully that will remedy the slow charging.Also, the volume when listening to audio on the phone is good but not great. Although songs which have been downloaded through the Zune store sound much stronger than streaming audio.8GB of flash storage may not seem like enough to some people. My old 3GS had twice as much, but I never cam close to filling it. I am trying to force myself more and more into the cloud and having a smaller amount of storage helps that. I store my pictures on SkyDrive instead of on the phone and I use streaming services when possible to keep from having to download music to the phone itself. And I imagine that Microsoft will improve the cloud features of WP7 further as the platform continues to mature.Finally, apps. Before purchasing the phone, I had scoured the Marketplace looking for WP7 equivalents to my iPhone apps. I was not able to find everything, but in most cases I was able to find an equivalent that worked just as well. Some of the apps lack a few of the features of their iOS counterparts, but they seem to be updated on a regular basis and forum posts show a commitment to creating equal features across all platforms.So in the end, I am happy with the phone. It is not a perfect phone, but it is a huge improvement, both in the hardware and software, over my old iPhone.IMPORTANT NOTE: I became aware after using this phone for a while that it does not work with T-Mobiles 3G/4G network. I blamed T-Mobile till I realize that their high speed data requires a phone which operates at both the 1700 MHz and 2100 MHz frequencies. This phone can't use the 1700 MHz band. While the phone still does voice, text, and (very slow) 2G (EDGE, GPRS)on the T-Mobile network, you cannot take advantage of the high speed mobile data. Had I researched this in advance, I could have saved myself some money and both myself and the seller the hassle of returning the phone. I am not bad mouthing the phone or the seller at all. The frequencies it operates at are listed in the product description. I just did not do enough homework and was operating on assumptions when I made the purchase. I am sure it works in Europe and maybe even other mobile carriers in the US, but not T-Mobile. I still have this same phone, but have returned this purchase and bought one directly from T-Mobile.

I simply love Windows 7. What an aesthetic sense Nokia and Microsoft engineers have... I just get the feel good feeling as soon as I browse through my phone. Android was so Juvenile. I have used LG Optimus android phone and now I am loving Lumia.Touch screen is just amazing.Cons.I would say this do not have sony walkman kind of music. But still it is great, no complains.Battery life sucks, yes big time.Every file needs to be transferred through Skydrive or Zune, cant just drag and drop. Limited 8GB space.I would highly recommend this product and for just 183$ I would give it a 4.2 STAR out of 5.

es un excelente tel&eacute;fono ademas que funciona muy bien en Venezuela es mucho mejor de lo que esper&aacute;bamos y de muy buena calidad

The phone is a very good value for money. It is a lovely operating system and a great price. Thoroughly enjoyed the purchase

To start, I'd like to say that the phone itself, the Nokia Lumia 710, seems to work perfectly. The problem is that it was reported stolen, making it useless to me.The product they shipped (a new-looking, stolen, locked phone) was not what I bought (a used but in good condition, unlocked product), which to me warrants this bad review.EDIT: I also forgot to mention that it came with the wrong charger and cable setup. The charger was a Motorola brand item, and the cable was an Amazon Basics one. A little bit pointless to mention since of course those items wouldn't match a stolen phone, but it speaks to how very obviously suspicious this product was even while being packed to be sent out.

being a loyal apple customer, and having bought this phone as a temporary solution, i must admit the phone does its job. picture quality is good, music app is very user friendly and memory was nough to handle my 1000+ songsgraphic's not my favorite, lots of apps cannot be downloaded, internet is not userfriendly at all exactly as the main menu and the contact list.overall, resistent phone which does its job pretty well when considering i paid $75 for it, high tech and i phone lovers, don't even think about it

Awesome phone, no doubt. Loved it.But I got defective headphones. Want to replace it but does Amazon offer part replacement? I dont think so. I have customized the phone already and dont want to return the whole thing.Seems like I have to buy an extra pair of headphones :(

Nice Phone with Windows installed , makes it unique . And , the touch screen is fast too . Hopefully we will see better Nokia phones in near future !

perfect phone, it works perfectly good in venezuela, really easy to learn how to use it, didnt expect less from nokia.

The product have the specifications mentioned by seller.  New in box, all manuals and headphones. Great for use in Colombia. Just insert simcard and ready to use with any cell operator (Comcel, tigo, movistar, etc).  No codes required.  I recommend this seller. I bought 2 Nokia Lumia 710.

This cellphone is really good for this price, I bought it 2 months ago and I am totally satisfied with my purchase.The system is fast and looks nice, specially in red and brightness on MID.  Nokia Drive is really nice, the way to manage your contacts looks well designed. I am also a .NET programmer and learn to program for this phone has been easy. it has a lot of potential and I can highly recommend this phone to everyone. I had an Iphone 4 before and this cellphone is better.Also as a note this cellphone it is totally unlocked (currently working with TELCEL Mexico)

Nokia Lumia 710 was delivered before promised time, in great condition. Phone is new & unlocked. Packaging is excellent. No need to mention about the phone itself - but i'd just say its excellent, with great usability and has about 2 days of battery life (light usage including hours of stand-by).

I'm a big fan of windows phones and have purchased this one for my nephew and he loves it. No complaints.

The first give in is it's obviously a windows phone and there's not too many apps for it, and most games your friends play on androids and iphones you won't be able to join in on.That being said, I wouldn't trade it for anything else because of how organized it is!  I love how the People pin lets you link accounts.  I tap my brother's name and it gives me the option to email him, write on his facebook wall, call him, text him, tweet him, etc. all from one page.  Skydrive keeps my church notes, school notes, and backs up any pictures I take in case of accidental deletion.  The calander view is very simple yet detailed and my unlock screen will show my next scheduled item.  I know other phones have apps to do as much, but rather than having a cluster of apps for each thing and scrolling pages to find the right app, Windows has less apps that combine tasks and accomplish the same thing for less space.On a bonus note, a lot of games for this phone work with xbox live and give you achievements.  There's even a Xbox tile that gives you access to your xbox account and messages.If you love being organized and having easier access to apps you need, I'd recommend this phone.  If you're a heavy Angry Birds or Words With Friends person....... look somewhere else.

This is a factory locked phone for AT&T. Now the phone is in another country and COMPLETELY useless unless I pay some outrageous fee to unlock it.

EN EL CELULAR APARECE UNA SOMBRA EN LA PARTE DE ARRIBA, ADEMAS SE ESCUCHA FEO COMO SI TUVIERA DA&Ntilde;ADO LOS PARLANTES.NO RECOMENDARIA AL VENDEDOR.

I bought this phone for my husband for Christmas.  It was received in the mail very quickly.  The date for shipping was not supposed to be until January 12, but I got the phone a week after purchase.  The phone is in excellent condition just like the description stated.  I will definately buy products from the seller again.

I own a Windows Phone already and bought this one for my wife as a birthday gift. She loves it!

The phone is awesome, and WP7.5 is great... watch out iOS!!However, this phone doesn't seem to be unlocked. It came with a Tmobile SIM card that I don't know how to activate because it didn't include the activation card.Other than that, I found this phone relatively cheap, and very good, specially considering the software capabilities.

I order this phone for my son ,he want use nothing but. A Nokia. He,s very happy with the graphics and the specifics of the phone.I haven't heard anything bad yet

Phone arrived quicker (in 2 days) than shipping estimated (4-5 days). Contents were as described with new phone in orignal packaging. Primay purpose is for WiFi & Skype, and to stay current on technology. Windows 7.5 Mango seems responsive, and has not crashed since I got the phone. It slides from screen to screen smoothly.  Phone comes with European charging adapter which for me is ok because I work overseas. USB charge cable also included, but is not a standard USB cable, so you must have the Nokia USB cable. Have seen some reports where customers have broken the USB/Charge cable connection port on their phone. I can see how this can happen if not careful when connecting the cable to the phone. This is a No Warranty phone. Not too happy with that, but hopefully it will not be a worthless brick like the early HP Ipaq I had paid $800 for years ago, which HP replaced once with another worthless brick. Lumia 710 battery lasts over 1 day with some WiFi use, but if using for several hours, then a charge will be necessary to go beyond a day. I do not have a sim in it yet, as my current sim is standard size, and the Lumia 710 only accepts the mini sim.  There is also no way to add memory. 8 GB is all you get, and so application install management, and transferring files like photos off to the laptop or desktop is required. I installed Skype and the navigation application, and it will not give me turn by turn without having WiFi or a sim with data connections.  I am disappointed in that.  Some have suggested that if I load the destination while still on WiFi, then turn by turn might work. I am overseas now so cannot really try that.  Don't need Iraq street maps. Skype voicemail feature is not supported on Mango, or not supported yet. I also installed a translation application, and compass.  Now I have just under 2 GB left of the 8 GB max memory, and have taken no pictures. Volume on the phone when doing Skype seems somewhat low.  I always am trying to increase the volume.

ive been using it for a year now, its a wonderful windows phone, I can tell you all it does but ill just talk about the build quality, it has  a very strong build for it to be plastic, the colors you can choose are a big plus if you are into changing every now and then.

This is my second Lumia 710 purchase and can say that I'm satisfied with this, The updated was simple with Zune. You will have a good free apps without virus, this cell phone startup fast and also i tried with different providers (3) without inconvenience. My only concern is the battery i have to charge till 3 times in a day. Regards

The best phone, no. . .Bang for your buck though, it is the best that can be had.Love it!

So many issues with this phone. Lets start with positives: Good looking pocket friendly phone, Windows 7.5 is very user friendly. Now the negatives: 8GB of memory!!!!! No SD card!!! And I have to use Zune to put music on the phone. Doesn't just come up as a mass storage device. UNACCEPTABLE! The original IPhone in 2007 had 8GB of memory!! Poor battery life but at least its a removable battery. Windows Marketplace has small amount of apps. Coming from Android and IPhone users will be in shock of the lack of apps we use on as daily basis.

1-The phone charger received is not complatible with US Plugs.2-When you hang off a phone call, you need to wait always between 3 an 5 minuyes before being abl;e to place another call. In teh meantime the screen is frozzen.

My sister bought it. It's consider 'old' in today's smartphone age, but I love it. If it is not for the camera of my Nokia N8. I will definitely get this.

Excellent product and seller. Very quick operation and the arrival of the product, the only detail was that the cell phone was in Chinese or Japanese, I was scared, hahaha, but already changed my language.

First off, allow me to say that my review is not directly related to this listing. My review is for a Nokia Lumia 710 that I purchased from my Network Provider, Wind - in other words, my phone was locked when I got it. Also, I've moved on to another phone as I recently fell victim to the Android temptation.Now, that I've got that out of the way, allow me to provide my thoughts on this phone.It's a solid Nokia phone with a very stable Microsoft Windows OS.The design is simple, yet moves away from all the "minimalist" designs being tossed around the market today. Very portable and compact. This was a big plus for me as I could easily carry it in my vest pocket at work. The screen's very clear and getting used to the button positioning wasn't too much of a task.The only flaw in the design is that the back plate comes off too easily if the phone isn't in a fitted plastic/rubber/silicon case. As for drops, the only thing I've noticed after the dozens of drops on hard floors are small chips on the side.In regards to the phone's functionality, it runs a solid version of Microsoft's Windows OS. I've used Android before and have used the iOS on my sister's devices, and when compared with the 2, the Windows OS just slices them like a sharp blade. I've rarely experienced lags or freezes (maybe 4 times altogether in the 16 month period that I've owned this). Everything in the phone's "start" menu (if you'd like to call it that) is pretty straight forward and you will not find yourself on a quest, hunting down whatever it is that you're searching for.This little phone delivers good performance as well and wait times aren't going to be unbearable by any means. Excellent response time and smooth transitions for the most part. Internet runs well too (unless you're in a zone with no 3/4G or Wi-fi - DOH!). I'm not too familiar with Apple products' batteries, but Android batteries drain way too quick (even with power-management). This phone's battery isn't that great but within the 16 month period that I've had this phone, not once have I relied on a battery management app to save my battery. Also, with the Lumia 710, I've never been frightened by any over-heating issues (unlike my Android phone which was boiling on the 3rd day).The 5MP camera on the phone doesn't pack all that much power but it isn't utterly dreadful either. I've taken a few pictures and no matter the weather conditions, the pics have always turned out decent enough to be posted on social networking sites.So, where does this phone take the fall? Apps & Plug-In support. There aren't many apps readily for this phone. In today's age, apps and cellphone gaming are a big deal whether it's for showing off, acquiring a useful and necessary daily tool, or to conquer boredom at work. How long can one play simple puzzle or word games for? What does one do when there's nothing to do at work? How does one live without Youtube? That's right. No Youtube. Going onto YT's website brings up a big black box where the video should've been and it reads something along the lines of "Please go to Adobe's website and get yourself a Flash player". For a while, Flash did work. Then, it magically disappeared. After switching over to Android, I've noticed an immense boost up in Apps and can now kill time at work. You can still run Youtube by downloading an app, but I find it ridiculous to get a 3rd party app to watch a video on the largest Video sharing website.While I have nothing against Microsoft (in fact, I love both Microsoft & Nokia), Nokia pairing up with them was a big mistake. They should've gone for Android. Pairing up with Microsoft was what ran Nokia in to the ground (as if being slow to get in on the OS wars wasn't bad enough).All in all, if you're looking for a phone with a good build and portability, a phone with a good Operating System, a phone that can access the internet and make/receive calls & send/receive text messages, you will not be disappointed with the Nokia Lumia 710. If apps and such are your thing, this will be a poor match for you.EDIT***I forgot to give points.Design  - 8Performance  - 8Features  - A generous 5

I like it works fine, no sd card expansion. The battery lasts long and it is a good product overall

I have had the phone for a little over a month now and I love everything about it. I have been a fan of the Windows Phone OS now for about a year (I owned a Samsung Focus before) and this phone optimizes it's potential. The True-Black screen is easily visible in the sun (almost as much as an AMOLED) and has great color (much better than the iPhone 4 or 4S). The Windows Phone OS is right on par with iOS (and will probably surpass it with the WP8 release) and far surpasses the juvenile Android OS. For those wondering, I have had an iOS device and several Android devices, even the Nexus S on ICS. As for the PHONE part of this device, it has more clear voice calls and better reception than any phone I've had, though that is not surprising with Nokia. The only reason that I give the camera and battery a 9 rather than 10 is because the camera is only 5MP (what you would expect from a mid-range phone) and the battery is only 1300 mAh, which is still plenty to get me through a full day with pretty heavy usage. Speaking as one that likes to change phones as often as I change my clothes (not really, but almost) I can easily say that this is my favorite phone and the one that I have the most fun using, which is always a bonus in a smart device.

In order to use this with Outlook, I had to set up windows live or hotmail.  Now Outlook has two sets of contacts and Calendars and two sets of email.  What a nightmare to keep up with.Sometimes email goes through the regular email but sometimes it just decides to send it from the Hotmail connector. No particular rationale for this that I can find.  Also, if I update a contact, I really need to open and update BOTH contacts or else I have two sets of data that don't match.Set up a meeting in your calendar?  Well, do you want to know about it on your phone?  Then you use one calendar but if you want to keep track of who accepted invites, etc. that is a different calendar. So you have to remember to copy paste it into the other calendar.I was told it would sync with Outlook but there is no real connection to the computer like the Palm or Blackberries did. I made CERTAIN that it would sync but apparently the sales people have no idea what sync means.  You have to use the "cloud". The more sophisticated the phones become the less true functionality they have.  They have more games and more music but less PHONE use.Also, this phone sometimes loses its mind and won't accept calls.  Sends them to voice mail even if you are right here at the phone waiting for a call.  You sometimes get a quick vibrate but sometimes it just goes to voice mail.  On some bizarre moments it vibrates, shows a missed call and then RINGS with the call.  All unbeknownst to the caller who only knows it has been ringing 5 or 6 times before you answered.To reset the phone when it develops this bizarre behavior you have to save your info with ZUNE so you can reset the phone.  Another software you have to have on the computer that you didn't want.  Eventually all your personal info from contacts, email, etc. is so scattered all over the world you have no control over the security whatsoever.I wish Palm had stayed in the game.  My old Palm was a better phone than what I can buy today.

I got this phone 1 month ago.Pros: Great feel in the hand. It sure feels different than all the other phones I've ever had. All my friends said that it gives a higher class and comfortable feeling when held in hand.Very fast when opening applications and doing day to day work. Seriously, you don't need the a billion apps on Applestore. Most apps a person use is probably 20 apps. This phone does everything, Word, PDF, Email, SMS, GPS, FacebookWhy load yourself with other applications that makes your phone so complicated? Less is More. Nokia clearly demonstrated this with this phone.I switched from using an Android phone (HTC Sensation), and iPhone, I realized that this is the phone I will use from day to day. Make my business calls, emails and etc, instead of having a phone loaded with apps that just slows the phone down.EXTREMELY LONG BATTERY LIFE!! I WENT TWO DAYS (48 hours) without charging my phone (mobile data turned on in total of 20 - 30 min, wifi off most of the time, other than 10 - 15 min when checking emails. average talk time.. not chatting)Average charging cycle: 1.5 days / chargeCons: Camera isn't so great.

I love the fact that it is a single-core yet it doesn't slow down.The Windows mobile are a hit-and-miss, but the OS is great for my usage.I hate the fact where the Windows OS limits Nokia's full features. I mean, there are better things in Symbian that should have been in this phone in the first place.The player's UI is dated, like Windows 95 or something with the &#34;High Contrast&#34; option. The way to change songs looks awful comparing to the song switching methods of my Blackberry Torch, plus Torch has a Stop button.Also, with the Torch, if I press the volume keys a bit hard, I can switch songs from there.Ring-tone is 40 seconds? Symbian allowed the full song to be the ring-tone, this needs to be fixed.Windows 7.8 might bring 8-like features, but they are opting for a Ring-tone maker to fulfill the 40 second limit, which is a disappointment, but hopefully they do listen to the users complaining on their UserVoice site. (Highly recommended to post there for anything you want in later versions).Overall, I recommend this phone to simple users.

this cell is great. easy to use and to understand. and to such a price ,thats very good. and the battery time is 4-7 days if you dont leave everything on which is a very good thing when it comes to smart phones ( the only one I think ). so far so good

excellent, I love my phone, the formalities were very good. good attention, safe and interesting.I recommend it. thanks for your service

I switched from AT&T; to T-Mobile, and without doing too much research, ended up with the Lumia 710. I was impressed immediately by how smoothly the phone operated. Opening apps or exploring the phone is quick and easy, and the tiles interface is visually useful and easy to learn. This phone integrated completely with my facebook & twitter accounts and was remarkably efficient. When a contact was duplicated it was easy to merge the data so the same person's name didn't come up multiple times. The phone also used wireless well, and seemed fast on 4g. The camera was fine, it seemed a little blurry at times but I didn't test it much. It was also easy for me to find a flashlight app which is essential for me.With all those positives, I eventually discovered that the negatives were "deal-breakers" for me, and so I returned the phone and got an android 2.3 phone instead. Here are the negatives for the Lumia 710: The bluetooth is barely functional. It apparently pairs with devices like earpieces without a problem, but I don't use those. I use bluetooth to make quick file transfers between phones and laptops, and Windows phone doesn't support this action at this time. My old Nokia E63 could do this just fine (Symbian OS) so I was kind of baffled that Microsoft dropped the ball here. The Lumia 710 has no expandable storage so I had nowhere to use my little 8gb mini-sd card. While I should have done more careful research, the sales tech at T-Mobile told me it would take my mini-sd card. What he MEANT was that the Lumia 710 used a mini SIM card. I hadn't bought any of my mp3s through the Zune ecosystem so I couldn't get the phone to play my mp3s. While this might have been user error, it certainly wasn't functional enough for me! I managed to get a mp3 on the phone but then couldn't use it as a ring-tone either, which was mildly annoying.So, in conclusion, the Lumia 710 did lots of stuff well, and my wife ended up getting one. For me though, with it not doing mp3s well and not doing bluetooth well and not having expandable memory meant it just didn't do the stuff I need my cell phone to do. What's worse is that, after seeing how smooth everything runs on Windows phone, my android phone is just clunky. It's a mytouch Q (LG, android 2.3) and it has crashed a couple of times, and opens some apps slowly. I would pick Windows phone every time over android if it would just do everything that people need phones to do!

As far the usability goes, I have very good things to say.1) Graphics are pretty good and easy to understand. But the icons (for send message etc) are not at all intuitive.2) Screen quality is pretty good3) Battery is awesome (when WIFI is always off)4) Network reception is also pretty goodThe bad things ...1) Worst of all, when WIFI is turned on and there is not wireless network, the phone gets discharged in about 3 to 4 hours.2) lacks the appbase android or IOS has.3) If you like either of Android or IOS, i think you better off sticking with them.  This is a new interface based on some good ideas, but very poorly designed. Needs to be improved a lot.

a really nice cell phone, i've always have loved nokia, and i'm really happy with my purchase, the seller was really good and fast, no problem at all, you will love this cell.

Nice phone but it doesnt have manual guide on how to use it inorder to operate or use it more easy.

Beatifull phone best of the best. But app market is the problem, please microsofth do something you have the best market device

I mean, unless you're a fan of it. It's not a &#34;fun and games&#34; sort of phone. It's a more &#34;I'm in IT and I know what the hell I'm doing with a computer&#34; sort of phone. The app market isn't that diverse. I mean it has reddit, Facebook, tweeter, and the best app of all &#34;top hats for fancy cats&#34;. It's free and I suggest getting it.

CAUTION: CARE TO SHOP AT THIS STORE, BECAUSE THEY ADVERTISE ITEMS THAT ARE NOT IS OFFER IN THE PAGE, BUY A CELL PHONE THAT IS OFFERED AS UNLOCKED AND NOT WHAT WAS, NOT IS QUISIEROAN BE RESPONSIBLE FOR IT AND LOST MY MONEY, THINK ABOUT IT WELL TO BUY THERE.

Great product, very sleek and quick. The only problem I have is no picture messaging through the T-Mobile network and it seems to be because of its being an unlocked phone and all :/

This phone just deteriorates. All of my probems happened within the 3rd month of receiving the phone.-Whenever someone calls me they usually can not hear me and I either have to call them,scream or text them.-The internet is annoying. Whenever you exit the internet then press the back buttun, it takes you to the home screen. If you want to get back to an old page you have to use the recents.-I constantly get texts sent twice and whenever I ask if they sent it twice the person said they didn't. Sometimes the phone says can not send when im in a perfectly good spot and always have service.-Theres an extreme lack of apps compared to the droid, which I thought had little apps.This doesnt even have some of the popular apps like subway surfers or Clash.-The phone is a burden to get music onto. You have to google how to do it. On the iphone and droid its so simple.-The other day the sound stopped coming out. I'll put it on max volume and you can barely hear it. Ive tried 2 different headphones and the speaker and barely anything comes out. The only good thing about this phone is the camera. Just get an iphone or a droid.

bought it for my mum, she uses it in Africa. she raves on about it ad infinitum. i ended up buying a windows 8 phone and am glad i did. all because of this phone.

El mejor telefono que he tenido muy facil de usar bello o o o o o o o o o

I purchased and received this phone while visiting Orlando April 17 2013. At my return to Venezuela, went to Movilnet, one of the three the companys  that provide cell phone services. Surprise! They told me that the phone was LOOCKED, and the solution to unlock it was obtaining a code via Internet, and of course, with a payment of U.S.$ 34,00. The same answer was received from Telcel and Movistar, the other two companies that provides cell phone services, so I dont have any option that pay the amount, an wait two or three days to receive the equipment unlocked. Can I reccomend the seller?

Wanted to stick with Nokia and it was time to upgrade phone from my e52 purchased in europe a few years back.  I was a little concerned when the phone came only with Chinese manual and on start up all menu items were in Chinese.  After hitting a few buttons with Chinese characters on them, I was able to turn the language settings to English and never looked back.  Downloaded Zune and the phone went through about twenty minutes of updates after which everything worked brilliantly.  Love the Windows tiles and is just so easy to use, everything makes sense.  Use the radio, and takes good pictures. Overall, I couldn't be happier with both the unlocked phone and t-mobile pay as you go service.  For me, this phone has all the features I would ever use and recommend it.

the product Nokia Lumia 710 5MP Camera, 3G, 8GB Memory, 1.4 GHz Processor, 7.5 Mango, Wi-Fi, Micro SIM, Factory Unlocked World Mobile Smartphone - Unlocked Phone - No Warranty - Black like my soo much

this is a good product, everything you want from a smart phone you can get from it, very good entry level for these on a tight budget.clear screen even in the sunslim designno frozen so far (1month)good selections of appsok battery life 1-2 daysbut do required a micro-SD card instead of the conventional one

I bought this type of phone for the first time.  I am over fifty so I was a little concern if I am going to see the tiny letters.  I found out I can enlage them. It made me really happy.My phone came with a French instruction which made me to be unable to enjoy this phone right away. Later I printed English instructin from the internet. It helped :)I am using my Nokkia phone for more than three weeks and so far I enjoy it, but I know I could use it i many more ways.

My smartphone history:Apple iPhoneSamsung Galaxy CaptivateNokia Lumia 710The Nokia Lumia 710 is a serious downgrade from my Samsung phone.My reasons for changing phones:1) Faster download speed.  The captivate is for the AT&T; network; I moved to T-mobile, and my internet connection speeds stayed at 2G.  Which *sucked*.2) Android crashes.  A lot.  It's a great interface, but seriously, I wish it was more stable.Other than that, the Captivate is an amazing phone.  Great music/video player.  Great contact/calendar/to do list.  A lot of apps are available for it.  And, oh yeah, the screen is AMAZING.  Blows the iPhone out of the water.  The Nokia is a dinky little toy compared to my Captivate.Why the Nokia Lumia 710 sucks and makes me want my 2G Captivate back:1) (First side note) You will need a micro SD card for this.  My Samsung had a regular SD card.  To change phones, you have to go to a T-mobile store and get a new card.  Nokia has a micro SD card in the box with this phone.  But since the SD cards are different, it makes it difficult (if not impossible) for me to go back to my beloved Captivate.  Remember this before you make the switch.2) The screen display is terrible.  In any kind of bright light, you cannot read the screen.  Forget sunlight, this thing kaputs even in decent indoor lighting.  I can't imagine anyone being happy with the display that is not living in a fluorescent light filled home or office space.3) I hate Windows 7, Steve Wozniak's endorsement notwithstanding.  I hate that the phone automatically downloads people's gmail pictures, and shows them to you in the "People" tab.  Why can't you turn that off?  What if I don't want to see these people's faces?  (Do you use your phone to call people you don't want to look at on a daily basis: i.e. anyone other than a significant other or beloved family member?  Okay.  This might suck for you too.)4) There is no swype input (which is a free option on the captivate).  That keyboard is intuitive and makes typing very quick and easy.  It is similar but not the same as what Apple has on its iPhone.5) There are not enough apps for this phone.  Android had an amazing and vibrant marketplace.  This place is the restaurant deserted at lunchtime and dinnertime.  Maybe you shouldn't eat there.  It's deserted for a reason, you know.6) No customizable ringtones.  My captivate let me customize songs and voice messages as ringtones.  They had an app called Ringdroid which was the best thing ever that let me make my own ringtones.  Windows does not want to you use song clips as ringtones, or download your own ringtones, and there are no apps to make ringtones for this operating system.  Which sucks, because the default ringtones suck.7) Pictures folder.  Stupid thing shows your pictures on the folder.  So unless you want a never-ending slideshow of pictures from your pictures folder being used as a background for the pictures icon, you can't put your pictures folder on the first page to make it easily accessible.  If you take pictures on your phone for ebay purchases, paperwork, places and people you don't necessarily want to see everyday, or anything else, beware the endless slideshow of death.  And no, you cannot select which pictures appear in the slideshow.  The phone does it for you.  It's a feature, not a bug.  Like the "People" contact list.  Ugh.8) Fingerprints.  This phone picks up fingerprints like nothing else.  It is horrible.  My beloved Captivate had a beautiful finish which resisted fingerprints and did not get dirty and smudgy easily.  This Nokia bottom of the line crapfest does not do that.9) The volume button.  You will need to use this a lot of you want to listen to the music on your phone.  It is hard to push and set in too much on the phone.  It sucks too.10) The camera button.  This is, on the other hand, protruding too much, and is easy to press by accident.  Just holding the phone in your hand normally (as you listen to music, for example), will result in a push of the camera button.  If you use your phone as an ebook reader, you can also easily push this button.11) The default search engine is BING.  It cannot be changed to a Google default.  This sucks a lot.12) The icons are weird and not easy to understand.  I had one icon sitting on my unlock screen for three months before I realized it was for the mandatory live email address that Microsoft forces you to open so you can use this phone.13) Mandatory live account to make games (called Xbox games) and music player work.  Who uses live?  Really.  This mandatory sign up sucks too.14) There are two pages.  One is the home page with list of frequently used apps you can customize into tiles.  The second page is to the right, and is *all* of your apps.  There are no other pages.  So if need to get to the bottom of your app page, it could take a lot of scrolling.  Which sucks.15) Music player.  This SUCKS SUCKS SUCKS.  It sucks so much it deserves caps lock complaints.  You cannot make playlists on the phone.  It groups videos and music together, so if you have album covers on your music, you might not be able to tell the difference between an audio file and a video file, since it does not separate them.  It creates a visible tiled history of songs/videos/radio stations you listened to, which cannot be deleted.  Which I hate.  You have to sign up for and download microsoft zune to make the music player work.  Which sucks.  I've heard rumors of an amazingly good Nokia music player, but somehow that cannot be downloaded onto this phone.16) No world clock.  There is no clock for different locations you can put on your home page.17) No world weather.  There is no weather for different locations you can put on your home page.18) Timer/Stop watch.  There is no timer or stop watch function on this device.19) Audio quality.  Audio quality for music and telephone conversations above about halfway volume (halfway between min and max) is poor and static-filled.  As a phone, good audio quality is important.  This device fails at that.20) Product advertising.  This product is advertised as an "introductory smartphone".  So if you've never had a smartphone, and are upgrading from an 1980s brick, you might be really happy with this purchase.  Personally, I find being called the equivalent of a smartphone n00b very patronizing.  If my self-esteem suffered enough, I might even be forced to pick up a "for dummies" book, so that random writers can swear at my intelligence.  If you have ever owned or used a product called a smartphone, this phone is not for you.  Even Nokia is saying that it is not for you.  Stay away.21) Google voice does not work on this phone.  So no routing calls through your google voice.  No google voice voicemail.22) No visual voicemail.23) The advertising for the Lumia series of phones has revolved around the Nokia Lumia 900, which seems to be Nokia's flagship product for this link.  *That* phone is made with kick ass gorilla glass, which you could hammer and nail and not cause a dent.  This is not that phone.  The body is cheaply made of inferior plastic, and the screen is some inferior glass as well.  It will not be safe in your pocket with your keys, or in your purse floating free.24) Bloatware. The number of pre-installed applications which suck boggle the mind.  Delete them immediately when you get this phone.  All of them will slow down this device and drain your phone's battery.All in all, I must say, I really hate this phone and regret ever buying it.  It is incredibly poorly made, and frustrating to use.But, there are some good qualities about the phone.  Here they are:1) It has a radio.2) It does not crash as much as Android.3) For me, since I was upgrading from an AT&T; compliant 2G device, this was faster.There might be other good points.  I will let you know if I ever discover them.I wish the Samsung Note was available for T-mobile.  Such an amazing device.  I wish I had that product.  Or the Samsung Galaxy III.  Even with the crashiness of Android, it is a superior device in every way.  I made such a mistake by not making a Samsung phone my next phone.  Don't you make the same mistake as well.UPDATE: FEBRUARY 2013: WINDOWS PHONES DO NOT HAVE A CALL DURATION.  IF YOU ARE AN ATTORNEY, THIS IS A HUGE PROBLEM.  PLEASE ADD THIS FEATURE TO FUTURE UPDATES OF THIS PHONE.Also: This phone model is not eligible for upgrade in the operating system.

I bought this phone a couple weeks ago and I love it. It has the exact same features as the lumia 800 and it cost 200 dollars less so... The only difference is the design and I dont care about the looks. If get upgraded to win8 it's going to be the perfect phone. But...... if you use the videocall feature you can't do it with this phone because it doesn't have a frontal camera. I've never used it so I'm ok with it.Windows phone 7 is great. Super fast, perfct integration with social networks, great gaming experiencia thanks to xbox live. With tango upgrade the internet sharing feature will be enabled. I love skydrive integration.Perfect phone and a great price.

This is my first windows mobile phone and I think its really nice i like the operating system and the phones hardware is a compliment. It is small, I like the physical front buttons at the bottom and its overall design. The phone was in new condition no scratches clean like it was fresh out of the manufacturers box. No bells and whistles on this phone and thats exactly what I wanted because I already have a galaxy note 3.

This is a great phone. From the first time I picked it up I noticed that it was a lot faster than my old Galaxy I. There was no comparison really.  The overall feel and design is also better in my opinion. I went to the T Mobile store and explained how I chucked my old phone at the ground because it was glitching and how their out sourced customer service sucked so bad they actually hooked me up with a free phone cover.(which probably costs all of 99c purchased whole sale) but it was the thought that counts.NICE PHONE!
