
I love this Phone =) well made work's smooth apple is the best I want to order another one soon

This item was received on time and in very good condition.  We are extremely pleased with this purchase.  The Apple iPhone 4 is being used by my son and he is very pleased with this purchase.  No complaints from our teenager.

The iphone was in perfect shape and everything and works real great like its brand new. Really love it and it came in quick :) !

The phone was in decent enough condition externally, but the front facing camera didn't work, and it didn't vibrate! After opening it up (quite a few internal screws were missing) I found that tightening the screws and reattaching the cords around the vibrator fixed that problem, but nothing could be done about the camera.

This product seemed to be in much better condition than described. The scratches aren't even visible. I haven't had any problems thus far. This product is great!!

I checked the phone but do not use it yet. However, I can see it is as good as I expected.Thank you.

This was the best used iphone i could find!! It  came in a right shape and no scratches. I love it

I give Luis Jordan a 5 star review!The 1st iphone 4 i received the wifi wasn't completely working,I emailed Luis about it and the response was rite on point.I sent it back, it was checked out and i received another phone (actuallyIt was in better condition than the 1st phone) i believe not 1 scratch!But i personally LOVED how Luis Jordan stayed in total complete contact with meInforming me of EVERYTHING from beginning to end, not left waiting/wondering!Thank You Again Luis Jordan

Received it in 3 days! New phone cheaper price than most.

Used this phone for an out of country phone. Worked great, still works great! Just popped in my sim card and was using it France with no issue. Nice find great price. Did arrive one day late with prime :(

The phone looks new but it is kind of weird, my face pushes buttons while I talk. It is still a real nice phone and a good deal but not perfect new.

I am like so very happy to have this iPhone, I've wait a few years for this phone I could not afford to buy a brand new one, so I wait till now but man this is absolutely the best.

I originally gave this seller an 'awful' review.  I had taken the phone to an AT&T certified dealer to have it authorized.  That dealer said the phone was blocked, probably stolen, and showed me the red print screen making that statement.  The seller of the phone said that was impossible.  I then went to an AT&T store and got the same red screen.  This all involved a lot of exchange with the seller but we reached some agreement pending on my showing the seller the screen stating the blocked condition of the phone.  Once again I went to the AT&T store.  This time, and after the 3rd SIM card, I was told that the phone was working but that I needed to get the 4 digit security card from the seller.  Of course the seller believed that the phone was new and likely would not have a security code.  When I got home I saw that the AT&T agent had been confusing the phone number screen with a security code screen and no code had been entered.  The phone is working.  AT&T owes him an apology.  Bill B.

This phone came in perfect condition with ear buds and charger. I bought it for my daughter and she loves it.

Even though it has a little scratch on the corner of the screen ,It  still works really really well , with no problem . Overall it's a truly good product .

The phone quit working after 3 weeks of use.  will not stay on keeps powering off.  will not stay charged.

I bought this phone 12-31-13 and it arrived on1-4-14. Pretty good considering the holiday. The phone is an iPhone 4, but it came in an iPhone 5s box with some cellophane on half of the box. The phone has absolutely no marks, nicks, dings, scratches or any indications of being used (other than a text from an area code from which it came and an iCloud pass-code). I would assume this phone was a floor model, or display model that may have been refurbished. The phone came with all the plastics on it. The wall charger was new, as were the apple head phones, but the cord was definitely used. And there was no user's manual(not that I use them) So I am not sure how this is considered a new phone, but I am pleased with it at this time. I put my sim card in it from my old windows phone and it works great. For what I paid and how nice the phone is I can't complain to much. If it had the manual, new USB and original box this seller would have gotten 5 stars.

Came brand new, in the box still and wrapped! I have had it for over a couple months and still love love love it &#60;3

It is my first iPhone so I have nothing to compare it to. But so far so good. I just wish I had Siri....maybe next time

The phone shipped fast , it came in very good condition & I love it so much ! I'm so happy I bought it, it's so worth the money!

it is fully functional but the internet signal from my home doesn't appear on the wifi locator matter fact none of my surrounding internet connections can be picked up by the phone and i was wondering if i could return it for one that does connect and pick up the wifi signals. or if i could get a refund//?

I like this phone. This phone is easy to use. I have used iPhone before and wanted to keep using it. Good first smart phone. Lots of apps and uses besides calling someone. Text, apps, music, games, reading books are all available. I would recommend this to a friend!

This phone has a horrible camera!!!  The new IOS system is useless.  Everything stupid from the previous I-Phone 4.  When Apple upgraded they used a dumb brain because they destroyed some great mechanism for user friendly phone use.  This phone is by far the worse I have ever used.  MY OLD FLIP PHONE HAD A BETTER CAMERA!!!  The pictures are furry and fuzzy and you can't see them as clear as the previous I-PHONE 4.  BIG MISTAKE ORDERING THIS PHONE!!  I figure this is why the guy was selling it!!!  He realized it SUCKED!!!!

My daughter had cracked her phone and this new one was so awesome! She's so happy with it. It came in a new case with a charger and even came with a personal &#34;Thank you&#34; note. Couldn't be more satisfied!!!

the phone is in great condition and easy to use.  the battery last longer than I thought. would buy again

I did not need a phone with the latest technology, simply one to replace the one that I ran over with my Jeep. Oops!  I bought a used one because it was everything that I needed and it is going to be another 8 months before I was eligible for an upgrade.

I was very pleased with this sale and the item I bought. The seller was very fast on getting the phone to me and I was very pleased with the phone, besides the seller did not tell me that the back of the phone was cracked and I was really upset about that. Other than that it was perfect!

I am very pleased with this iphone

the phone diss guy sold  mee it was in good condiction but the phone waz locked and I dont no how to unlock it thums down for diss guy

Besides having a small crack on the back side of the phone, it works perfectly and they even put it in a cute package!(= I did not find nothing wrong with it. I started using it right on that day it came to my house. I have nothing bad to say about it. This is the best phone I've ever had!!

Its the best electronic ive ever bought. I LOVE IT!!!!!!!! ITS like new nothing wrong with it. Its awesome great

This is a great iPhone. Coming from Android, I got this because I really need the Apple App Store for job apps. It comes with earbuds and a USB cable. I do wish they make it easier to connect to Windows 7. A USB port would make it better but great anyways. Get one

I put my sim card in and it wouldn't work.  I went to an AT&T store to get them to set everything up for me.  They put in the serial number on the back and it turns out the phone had been reported stolen and it could not be used.

Because I like the phone and all it's features and I love how you can see people typing if they have an iPhone

Received the 'NEW' Apple I-Phone 4 and it was not sealed in the package, key was missing and phone would not charge. I sent it back and received a full refund.

I GET NEW!! AND GET  NEW SIM CARD FROM STRAIGHT TALK  AND WORK GREAT!!! I am very happy!!!  100% !

Easy to use interface with only 2 buttons makes this phone perfect for anyone no matter their tech level. With apple's App Store, finding fun, useful, or just plain random apps couldn't be easier. I've had an iphone since the first one came out and they haven't given me a reason to switch yet!

I got my phone before Amazon said it was going to be here and it was a good price and in great condition! It looks and functions as if it were brand new! I'm so happy

phone was in the unlock section of the cell phones however the  phone was not unlock it would not work with my carrier thus i had to pay extra funds to have the phone factory unlock. Total rip off Do Not Purchase phone

good iPhone came on time it came fully charge came wit house charger usb cord an headphone that all works if u looking for a good cheap iPhone 4 this is the place to buy it from also no staches on it or no marks came wit screen protector on both side of the iPhone front and back amd it came in its oringal factory box thanks yall !!

I have had zero problems. The phone came in looking brand new NO SCRATCHES and i hadn't seen a single photo prior to ordering! thank you so much!

The phone was in perfect cosmetic condition but I was not able to activate it due to Apple's new security. I think before an iPhone is sold on Amazon, it should have the Apple ID taken off of it through iCloud.

im not saying this is a bad product or a good one i havent bought it yetbut this is an iphone 4 not iphone4s a 4s means its faster so its ok if it slow but it shoudn't be that slow

as any other iPhone 4, this one suffers from the heavy iOS 7. Of course, the difference is not that big, but still the performance of the iPhone 4S is noticeably faster than this iPhone 4 on iOS 7 (7.1.1 on both, to be more accurate).However, it is still useful and fully worth the money. I sent this as a gift overseas after unlocking for 30$ online, so yeah, worth it.

The phones mic stopped working. I am no longer able to talk over the phone. I did like how it looked, just wish that it would have worked better.

It works great, it came like new. I still have it and have no plans for the iPhone 5. Happy with this one.

When i ordered this it said it was supposed to be new but it wouldnt turn on i took it to macauthority and they said it wasn't new and it still had someone else's contract on it

Great, I have loved an iPhone for about 4 years.  Old one died. Replaced it with this one. Will enjoy it for a while

I bought the white iPhone 4 for AT&T thinking I could unlock it and use for Tmobile. I was unable to do that. The seller tried so hard to see if there was a way to unlock. He even asked his friend to help out which was really nice. Even though I was unable to use the phone, when I got the phone, it was PERFECT ! Not a scratch. It was a great price as well. I would HIGHLY recommend this seller. I would also recommend that you are apart of AT&T before purchasing a phone from this seller because you may or may not be able to unlock the phone.

No problems at all. Great condition. Like new. Had it for a few weeks now and had zero problems. I definitely recommend.

I like the phone and it works pretty well but my proximity sensor is broken which is extremely inconvenient to me and I am constantly muting or hanging up on people with the side of my face. Also the screen is slow to touch.

It was in great condition and worked great! the charger it came with stopped working within a few days but i got a new one for cheap. also the home button rotated where the square was after a week it rotated where it looked like a diamond and sometimes didnt respond but over all it was a good phone. For anyone thats looking to purchase an iphone though make sure you set up an icloud account and figure out how to get the find my phone app if it was to ever get stolen. i set mine down on the rack at the mall to sit down and put my shoes back on and when i stood up someone reached through the rack and stole it. they couldnt track it because i didnt have the app so make sure you do that!!! but i do recommend buying from this seller

I really appreciated all the help that i was recieved! This phone is everything I wanted and more!I choose second hand cellular through amazon because they are trustworthy and dependable! And will gladly help you with any questions or concerns you may have!I rate this company and product 5 stars!

Worked great for about a week, screen went totally black, was unable to do anything with the phone for several hours. The phone went out while traveling out of town, leaving me without any means of contact.  I was however I was able to reset it and resume use the next day.  I returned the phone and the seller was great with refunding.  I was what I wanted but didn't seem to be too reliable.

More than what I expected. No lies on description of phone. Would not think twice about buying from you again.

The seller was easy to work with.  I ordered one phone and it worked great at first, but then the screen was glitchy.  I contacted the seller and they were very quick to respond and replaced the phone.  However, the replacement phone has a scratch on the camera lens and all the pictures have a foggy spot on them.  I decided to keep the phone but not 100% satisfied.

After my China-bought iPhone went haywire I needed a replacement. After looking around on here I found the perfect replacement that arrived within 2-3days, looks on a scale from 1 to 10 give it a 9 (light scratches on back cover and metal rim). Front screen flawless and the phone works perfectly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a great used iPhone.

This phone was the answer to my prayers!!  It is in excellent condition, as advertised, and works perfectly!  I am so happy that I made this purchase. :)

bought this used and must say it doesn't operate like a new one does. Buying new is better. yes and no

Phone was still factory sealed! Such a great price for a brand new iphone. Works perfectly! I only have a complaint with the shipping but that was Fedex fault.

Phone arrived 3 days early.  Was in perfect shape.  Went to Walmart - purchased a straight talk sim card and monthly card and we had it working with in the hour.  Would buy from these folks again.

Great condition!! Sometimes I have troubles charging it, doesnt recognized the charger and i've tried with different chargers but besides that is great

Brand new sealed in the box and NEVER been used for a little over 200$?! HECK YES! ive been DYEING for an IPhone 4 since it came out a few years back! but I NEVER had the 600$ to out buy one with no contract ( im a go phone, pre paid kinda girl) and I was able to put my at&t; go phone sim card in the card slot nd turn it in to a go phone like that! best phone ive BOUGHTEN IN YEARS! I so recommend this phone if your looking for a iPhone for a low price in BRAND NEW shape :D and I got it way before I expected it to arrive like days before! im just in love!much love &#60;3

Broke immediately did not even have it a month and the LCD is non-responsive. Awesome. Worst 250 i ever spent.

He really like it

I like my iPhone 4 but just wanted to know why I cannot hear loudly and clearly whenever someone calls me or I call them! I would be nice to turn the volume up higher. Other than that great phone.

Phone was in excellent condition but did not work for making calls. The price was so good, we decided to use it as an Ipod. The wifi was outstanding. It just would not make or receive calls.

It shipped fast and arrived in perfect condition. It works great on the straight talk network woithout any issues....its a iphone what else can i say?

I dont know why anyone would spend money on buying a whole new phone, this one works great and you wouldnt even know it was used.

Shipping was fast and on time but....screen to the iPhone was completely trashed...have to more money into it to get it fixed!i don't know if iPhone was sold as is or maybe its because the box was crushed during the shipping process.. IDK. Hopefully I'll get another iPhone in a way better shape if I consider ordering again...

I did take the phone to an AT&T store to get it activated and they checked it out thoroughly and stated, &#34;It could have possibly had slight water damage due to the inside where the ear connecter jack is pink&#34;. Other than that the phone is working properly.

Not the right order

The phone didn't work...The phone I was sold could not and would not get any service anywhere!!!! Wasted my money...

Phone was in excellent condiction and came with a free case and charger and I couldn't be any happier then I thought

iPhone clean.I like it because its white and clean.I would recommend this for others such as family and friends.

Nice product and thanks

I bought this phone last week. It's unlocked and in great cosmetic condition. Honestly looks like a brand new phone. But after spending 300 dollars, I got a phone that is so slow.. Slow with typing, slow with opening the apps and slow with every function.Regret buying this. I should have bought a new one from Apple store

Phone works great, used as a first iPhone for my daughter she loves it, only had to get the back camera repaired and that was only $30, fast shipping great seller thanks again

The phone works as expected and all the features I need are available.I like the size and weight and the clear screen.  It easily connects to my Wi-Fi and Bluetooth in my car.  All the features I need are great.

Wasn't sure about buying a used phone but didn't want to buy new with a long term contract.  This is my daughter's first phone and I didn't want to be committed to a contract.  I have Consumer Cellular and they sent a free chip (phone had to be AT&T compatible) and I do plan sharing for $10 per month.  Works great, phone is like new and have had zero problems.

My daughter had cracked her original iphone pretty bad and of course her upgrade is not due for another year. So we were looking on here for an iPhone at a reasonable price. We found this. Yes my daughter was excited but not so much me.  I purchased the iPhone (refurbished) one for around 150.00. I haven't heard of any complaints about the phone running slow or anything, so we knew we were taking a risk with this. However, when I received the phone it did come with few scratches in the bottom corner of the phone. You just have to take your chances on here, however, its worth buying an iphone at the full price.

I wasn't sure what to expect when I ordered the iphone.  But, when I got it, it was great!!!  If anybody is looking for an iphone I recommend going through Amazon.

This phone was purchased for my wife and she just adores it she likes it so much better than her Samsung lots of features and she still learning how to download apps from the App Store.

Not happy with iphone4, its hang very fast....really not happy after spending lots of dollars and no headphones with it too.

is ok but if i want to unlock it, i have to pay about $100 bucks. 3 stars is my review

works good but my home button is pushed in far so I have to push on it with force, you shouldn't have to do that. ALSO my screen wasn't fully placed in. I had to continuously click it in.

Everything works good except one of my speakers at the bottom doesn't work & they didn't tell me.

It was nice no scratches it looks brand new. it works good  good everything is functioning the way it supposed too. i would buy another phone from them again with no problem. I love my new i-phone thanks and it was fast shipping.

had to returned it because it was wet and didn't work at all.So i don't recommend refurbish products. I just did't like it.

is very good to know that you can buy with confidence because what vendors placed as characteristics of their products are true even though in this case I have some problems to use my phone in Ecuador believe this all within normal and hopefully as and I are reviewing the phone unlocked from aT & T soon to say that buying the iphone was fully expected

My daughter broke her iPhone and had to have a new one. We initially ordered a black phone but it was a Verizon phone. We quickly returned it and got the white one. It works great!

The phone is in vood shape and works fine  but the battery life is no good for a functioning smart phone.  It will not hold a charge for half of a day when you are using it alot.  The phone is no good to me if I need to charge it all the time.  I thought I was getting a better working longer lasting battery life phone  the good news is the sender will stand by his product and has said he will refund all the money that I spent on shipping and the phone. Thank you,

The phone quit working about 2 weeks after I received it. It would not turn on and still does not.

The screen sparatically change colors and gets hot without cause. In the beginning I was excited but I'm no longer enthused.

mint condition , i never get this quality for this price. I would recommend this for anyone looking for wants Apple iphone

Overall is good, but is can't use headphones, so should also is normal, second-hand also is such,Suggest or not to buy second-hand, more buy a new one

I bought this for my daughter who was getting her first phone.  I didn't want to get the newest version with a long contract because we were not sure she was at the age to keep the phone and wanted to make sure she was responsible and took care of it before that kind of commitment.  By purchasing this, I was able to add a line to my existing carrier with no additional product and the phone has been wonderful.  Hopefully, this should last long enough for here to get an upgrade eventually and allow her to be aware enough to decide if she wants an Apple, Android or Windows phone.

i bought in total 50 iphone by new, but some are refurbishing, and when i try to unlock they have contract with att and i have to pay more for unlocked and other there is not posible unlock

This is a very good seller very good product provided! Product even better than expected, charger, data cable readily available, the machine itself is almost brand new, and there are a period of warranty, the best is the machine has been unlocked, you can freely use.

This phone was in perfect condition and I have no complaints.  It came in the original box with all of the cords, headphones, etc.
