
I love this phone it lacks in a lot of things and is stuck on the old brew system so don't expect any apps as that marketplace is dead. Altho it views webpages decently, has email and a really good quality touch screen.Pros:Good Responsive TouchscreenDecent webpage accessDecent e-mailDoesn't count as a smartphone on Verizon so you can get basic web browsing and e-mail cheaper if that's all you wantEasy to put files on via usb on computer for mp3s,ringtones and whatnot.Cons:Bad Camera (terrible actually can't even take a photo of an address label or item to get model number off of very blurry and hard to get in focus)not so good mp3 player layout and hates having lots of music (I have 7 gigs takes a good 4 minutes to load all songs if you use it more often it doesn't have to take so long to open)Sometimes the screen goes to sleep while talking and hard to get dial-pad upWhen phone is locked and in your pocket if it rings you have to carefully remove from your pocket so you don't hangup on whos calling.All in all its the best non smartphone I have found that has a good touchscreen and flows well great if you only want email and webpages and don't care about apps. Can get a $5/mo plan just for email with verizon or $10 for e-mail and 75mb of data

I hate this phone and I am stuck with it for 2 years! It is very touchy. It answers call waiting calls on it's own. I have repeatedly been in the middle of a conversation when it switches over to an incoming caller. Embarrassing! One time it took a call and I had two callers on the line at once. I couldn't do that on my own if I tried. Now it is locked up and I can't do anything. I can't even shut it down. It's possessed!

My husband and I both have this phone and we both hate it.  We experience all of the sensitivity and hanging up issues others have mentioned.  it is a not very funny joke - when anybody calls us, they can count on our hanging up on them while trying to answer - then we call them back.  imagine what it is like when one of us tries to call the other - it is a circus.  i have never written a review before because i am too lazy, but we really, really hate these phones.

I was told at the Verizon store after returning another non-smart phone that the Samsung Brightside is the best in class.  I bought it because of the slide keyboard.  However after having it a couple of weeks, here is what I have found.Good:No $30 per month data feeTalk clarity is not bad.Nicely laid out keyboardBad:As mentioned in other reviews, it is way to sensitive and I am constantly going into areas I did not want to go...voice mail is the big one.Horrible speaker phone quality.Received text message are cut off short for no apparent reason.When the phone is locked, it will unlock by itself in your pocket...calling VM or the web!Camera quality is of phone produced 3 yrs ago.

This is literally the worst phone I have ever had. I have a memory card in it and it will only let me store 300 messages so sometimes I have to erase my inbox multiple times a day. Not only that but the texts come in individually, and are not separated by sender.Also, the camera is terrible. The pictures are almost all blurry. Worst of all, even with my memory card in it I can only save like 20 pictures. Since the phone has 9 default pictures that you can't delete it's more like 11. Often I will delete every single picture in my inbox and when I go to take a picture it still says memory full.The battery only lasts for 24 hours without using it at all and even less if you text or make calls at all whereas my last non smartphone could hold a charge for 2 or 3 days.I paid over $100 for this phone and needless to say I am EXTREMELY disappointed.

Great phone ... No problems ... Read other reviews that explain bypass of problems others reporting.  Hard to find good touch phones.

I had this phone for 2 weeks and thought it was great. I enjoyed the camera, but the touch screen was very sensitive. I bought the protective case and my phone had dropped to the floor, about a 2 feet drop, and instantly the touch screen stopped working. There isn't a scratch or ding on the phone...it wasn't a hard fall at all. I have dropped other cell phones numerous times even where the battery comes flying out, and those falls all still worked. I called Samsung and of course there is nothing they can do for me except charge me an arm and a leg to fix it. So now I have a 2 week old phone that doesn't work. Don't get this phone if you think there is a chance you might drop it!!

Oh my goodness. I do not like this phone at all. I have had less phone less than 48 hours and I am regretting my purchase 100%. I bought the phone from the Verizon store near me to replace a phone that I recently lost. Texting with the T9 on the touchscreen is nearly impossible, not recognizing half of the English language. It converts text messages into multimedia messages if there is more than one recipient. It restarts twice in a row randomly during texting with the touchscreen whenever I type a/b/c or it freezes for at least five minutes. I have gone through a lot of Verizon phones and I have never been so disappointed with any of them as I am now. Maybe it's just my specific phone but I know that I will not be giving it a second chance. I am returning it to the store before the end of the week. I just wanted to save anyone from making the same mistake I made. Buy a different Verizon phone; an older one of better quality or save up for smartphone and data plan. This phone is honestly the worst 158$ I have ever spent in my life.

I got this basic phone to get out of the Verizon Smart phone contract.  It is the worst basic phone I have ever owned!  I had trouble with the phone even in my pocket hitting keys as I took it out to answer.  It would not pair correctly (Bluetooth) in either of my cars!!! A 2012 Jeep Wrangler and a 2010 Lexus LX.  I went to Verizon and to the Jeep dealership for help in pairing.  It will not work in MANY cars so I was told.  I found an old Verizon Phone (Samsung Flip U410) I used many years ago and  LOVE the OLD phone!!! It is now conected and works GREAT for a basic phone!!!  I plan to sell the Brightside next week or even give it away!!!  I would not recommend this phone to anyone. Looking on the "Brightside" my old Samsung is working great!!!!!!

I am constantly pushing or activating something I don't mean to on this phone's exposed screen and side buttons. I hit the off or volume buttons on the sides whenever I slide out the keyboard and I frequently activate something via the screen unintentionally. Camera is weak, but call quality seems fine. Maybe it will take practice but I am not a huge fan of using it so far.

My wife and I acquired two of these phone in the last year. We hate them. The touch screen sensitivity triggers a variety of undesired actions. Read other folks' issues in this regard to get a feeling for these frustrations. One of the phones developed some small lines near the top of the vertical screen...pixels went bad. We are retired folks and are not aware of any incident that might have triggered this failure. The warranty person eveluated the phone and said the screen is not warranted. Further conversation with another agent said they believe my wife damaged the screen. Not sure what we will transfer to now.

I don't know what other reviews are saying about the SD card reader not working properly, or any other problems with the phone.  I've had the phone for 2 years, and it's still operating as good as new!  This phone has a great touch screen, great call quality, and great interface.  It has a nice slide out QWERTY keyboard, and the buttons work flawlessly.

I received an upgrade with my contract, and my carrier had this phone.  Just not a good phone concept.  It's great if you sit in one place all day long, but have to move around or pull it out of a pocket, etc. and the faults become evident.  There is no - and I repeat, no - case out there that really functions well to protect this phone.  I've had several and they just don't hold up; if you're on the go a great deal, then don't get this phone.  I would gladly revert to a flip phone over this.  It has everything you want except the things that you need: function.

At first this appeared to be a decent "feature phone" Unfortunately the firmware in the phone is is unstable at best.  You can't count on the alarm to work.  The touch screen is unpredictable.  It goes from being overly sensitive, beeping as I walk down the hallway to being totally unresponsive when I want to answer a call.  I ordered 5 of these for my family,  In 5 months time, we have returned 6 phones for hardware repairs.  Let's see, 1 display cracked while in my pocket,  2 had touch screen quit, 1 had radio die, 1 of the replacement phones never accepted more than 15 text messages at a time and after 3 month of this, Verizon agreed to a swap.The sad thing about this.  It is Verizon's best feature phone.

I bought this phone with Verizon service 4 months ago. It sucks; ditto Verizon prices. The touch is both too sensitive and non-sensitive at precisely the wrong moments. The key pad is too small and the software is too klutzy. Do not buy this phone. Pick it up the wrong way and you've just hung up on incoming phone call or are dialing for some expensive app to pad your bill.

You can read my review of the phone below, but I am editing this review to warn customers of Verizon Wireless's customer service change regarding roaming. They used to be easy to deal with if any billing or technical issues arose. Now, if your phone roams for any reason, even if you are in your home coverage area, they will tell you it is your problem and to set your phone to home even if it will not be able to make or receive calls. In this particular case, my Daughter's older LG phone would roam in the exact same spot that my Samsung Brightside did not roam, so I considered it an issue with their towers/network. I wasted hours on the phone with customer support and technical support regarding the issue. It happened once a year ago and it was a two minute phone call to get it resolved. This time, I had to escalate the issue to the executive offices of Verizon Wireless to get my issue resolved, and they noted during the call that future roaming charges would not be credited. So beware of roaming with Verizon Wireless, you are not likely get the roaming charges removed.I was not sure how I would like this phone when I ordered it(I looked at it briefly in the Verizon store), but it beat all my expectations. The speakerphone works great, and the MP3 player is a pretty good copy of my ipod touch and the contacts menus are a pretty good copy of an iphone. It looks like a smartphone and the large touchscreen plus a very good slide out keyboard are great features to have. No regrets about this purchase, and amazon's one cent price can't be beat. There will still be a $35 activation fee, the same as everywhere else. I had a Blackberry from my previous job and liked the Blackberry holsters so I ordered one for $4.16 from Amazon and this phone fit perfectly in OEM BLACKBERRY SWIVEL HOLSTER CASE FOR BLACKBERRY TOUR 9630 9650 CURVE 8310 8300 8320 8330.I read some reviews about viewing angle issues or hard to see the display in bright light, I disagree with those comments. I will agree that the screen is a bit sensitive to accidental touches, and the scan forward feature of the MP3 player is actually hard to hit the correct spot that senses your finger, but these are minor issues that go away with a little practice.If you want to only make calls, I would recommend having Verizon block out all the data features, it is easy to accidentally open a menu for email, web or apps that ask if you want to activate(extra charge)the service. If you block these features through Verizon, you won't have to worry about accidentally hitting a wrong button(or your kids hitting them).The only feature I wish it had was wifi, like the iphone has, but they want to sell you a data plan. Therefore, I will still have to use my ipod touch to access the web via wifi from a handheld device.

Since I have had this phone, I consistently have very poor reception.  Individulas I am talking with, consistently cannot hear me, eventhough I usually can hear them.  I am extremely reluctant to use this phone, especially when making business related calls.I have reset/reprogrammed the roaming, with no change (i.e. *228).  I would like the phone otherwise, if this wasn't a problem.

My wife and I upgraded from an LG and a Samsung phone.  This phone is superior to the old models.  The voice fidelity, transmission and reception is the best we ever had.  It's easy to use and the programming is intuitive.

I ordered this phone to replace an old LG Cosmos that I loved.  The phone is a little wider than I like, but still fits in the front pocket of my jeans.  The set-up menu was fairly helpful, but there are only 2 color scheme options (orange or green) and the background picture you chose is only seen when the phone is locked.After a couple weeks I realized that my phone had been calling my voicemail all by itself.  It would make the call and then hang up after about 30seconds.  It did this about every other day?!I also had trouble sending photos.  After I opened a photo, hitting the send key froze the phone up.  The only way I found to successfully send picture messages was to create a new message and add an attachment of the photo I wanted to send.Then, the icon for an unread text message appeared on the home screen.  I double checked all of my messages, and the icon would not go away.I called amazon wireless, who transfered me to verizon support.  They had me reset the phone to the factory default.  This took care of the new message icon, however I still couldn't send photos properly.  The next day my phone called voicemail on its own again, and a different icon appeared when it wasn't supposed to.Amazon wireless sent a replacement phone which arrived quickly, and I was able to send the first phone back in the same box.The replacement phone did not have all of my contacts after using backup assistant 3 different times, which was VERY annoying.  While I was writing a text message yesterday, the new phone decided to call my voicemail?!  This phone also has the hiccup when trying to send photos.Thankfully, amazon wireless was very understanding and has let me choose a different phone altogether (I hope the Pantech Jest 2 works well) to replace my second samsung brightside.BOTTOM LINE:  Both of the brightsides I had had trouble sending photos and called voicemail by themselves among other problems.

I didnt get it yet but my friend has is and its great. Fast has games t  ::ouch screen and a fantastic keyboard. Good size 2:)

I got the Brightside about 8 months ago after reading the initial reviews (which were mostly positive at the time) on the phone, as time goes on I find that I dislike this phone more and more.  The phone wants to pass off as a cheap alternative to a smartphone. I originally liked it because of the sliding QWERTY and the touch screen.  It does not has a convenient way of password locking the phone.  This is troublesome because touchscreens can unlock by being in your pocket and dial out calls when you don't want them to do so. (I have personally called my voicemail countless times unknowingly.)  There is no real "front screen" to the phone; with most phones we expect to unlock the phone to see a colorful background with an icon for the menu at the bottom of the screen.  With the Brightside, once you unlock the phone you immediately get the menu. I can understand how developers would think this is convenient by immediately taking taking you to your destination, but it is nothing but troublesome when the phone can easily unlock on its own by being in your pocket. The camera has not zooming capabilities, which makes the first camera phone that I have ever had that was without zooming.  Lastly, the music player on the phone does not allow for multi-tasking, such as listening to music and sending a text and the same time. If you receive a text while listening to a song, the song will pause and resume only after you leave the screen for texting.A few good points about the phone: buying it from Amazon costs you practically nothing, the sound quality for the music is good, there are many preloaded ringtones to choose from, sliding QWERTY, and durable (I have dropped mine several times and it stills works).

I do have to start out saying that I have only spent about 20 minutes using this phone.  I bought it on AmazonWireless for my daughter.  It was easy to set up and felt good in my hands.  I ask her how she likes it and she "beams" and says "I love it".  The only challenge we had with it was figuring out how to put music on it and getting it to show up on the phone's display.  She finally figured it out but it seemed like it was somewhat bastardized by Verizon to only play nice with Rhapsody (paid) or VZW's own (paid) music service.It is worth noting that she has dropped it numerous times.  It usually "explodes", with the back, phone, battery & SD card going in different directions.  Much to my surprise (and pleasure) it is still working perfectly, which is surprising, seeing that it has a slide-out keyboard.The screen is slick and responsive.  It was by far (IMHO) the nicest "feature phone" in VZW's lineup.  I have data turned off for he but it can do social networking and email, we just have no experience with it on this phone.Highly recommended for a feature phone!

I have had this phone for several months and suddenly one day the alarms would no longer go off. They are set correctly, it says they are on, but they will not go off in the morning. I shut the phone off and on seveeral times, checked for software updates, but the problem remains.My friend bought the same phone at the same time and her alarms stopped working the same day mine did. The Verizon website's message board has many customer complaints about this same issue with Verizon stating in reply that they are working on a fix. I would not buy this phone again. I depend on my alarms both to get up in the morning and get to work on time and for calendared events. If this is an issue for you, stay far away from this phone.Verizon and Samsung need to meet the needs of all their customers, not just the ones who can afford data plans. Very disappointed!

This phone deserves 5 starsVery underated by many, simply because they expect Iphone in a basic phone,This phone saves $360 a year on verizon's data plan @ $30/monthPhone is very user friendly and good for someone who needs saving every month w/o the data planOrdered online w/o even testing in store, more than  satisfied with the performanceSamsung rules!!!

I got this phone because I wanted a phone that did not require a data package and the reviews made it sound like a great phone. At first I was hoping I just needed to get used to it. I've had it over a month now. I like it less than I did the day I bought it, I don't like it at all. I can't stress how much I dislke it! I am not tech savvy but my husband is. He can't even stand the phone.  This phone does whatever it wants. It changes the settings on its own, it has buttons on the sides that are very hard not to activate in order to slide it open. I would never recommend this phone! Very disappointed with it. I am getting rid of it and buying something else.

I really like this phone.  It is easy to use.  I didn't want to give my my Verizon ENV3 but when I started using this, I wish I had bought it sooner.  I like the large print texts.  If you don't want to spend the money for a smart phone, this is a great alternative.

I have had the Samsung Brightside phone for about a year now. I have constantly had problems with it and unfortunately I am stuck with it because of the two year contract. At first, the phone was great. Once the 14 day return period passed though I was stuck with a phone that can't handle texting. It slowly gets worse. The phone shuts off in the middle of a text, when I clear my text messages, when I open the keyboard most recently. Samsung and Verizon do not offer any sort of fix or update as far as I can see. I thought it had fixed itself at one point, but now it has gotten worse. Do not buy this phone.

Got this phone for my daughter in August.  Love it so much that now that the rest of us are eligible for an upgrade, we are all getting this phone.  We'll have to make sure none of our cases are the same so we don't get mixed up!  Love the set up of the screen, great sound, great pictures, have had this keyboard on other phone and love that as well, and Verizon Wireless is the best coverage - have had them forever. Happy it was still available.  Great option if you don't want to pay the extra monthly charge to have a smartphone.

Voice reception so poor inside my house that I have to go outside to talk. Have 2 other phones--one very cheap and basic--and they work fine in my house. Also Navigator randomly shuts self off while I am using it. Returned the phone once and got another but that did not help. Talked to Verizon and they offered to sell me a different phone as past the 30 day exchange time. I would NOT recommend this phone.

If you have a Reality and think you are getting an upgrade with this phone you are mistaken. I can't believe Samsung wasted their time developing a phone that is worse than the phone it replaces. I mentioned this in a Samsung customer survey I hope their product development team reads it. They really should be ashamed of this product compared to what they obviously could do two years ago.Comparisons to the RealityCons: No more bing app, widgets bar or tab, touch feedback, accelerometer, customizable multiple home screens. Worse GUI, easily slips out your hand, music only plays in the media center so you can't do other stuff while music is playing, silly random pictures while music is playing, permanently stuck on that awful menu page.Improvements: Web browser, Bluetooth, keyboard, wider.With all that was lost on the phone I think it should be slimmer than the Reality

I didn't buy it from this seller--I bought it elsewhere for a couple of cents, in person.(Beware! there is a $30.00 upgrading fee, regardless if its basic or web)I wanted to give feedback to those who are having troubles with using it.CAMERA USEthe camera is better used in REAL daylight and you can change the settings for the Saturation, Contrast, Brightness, Size, and whatever else you want to mess with. The icons appear at the side of the phone face when you're in camera mode. There are some knock off graphic "frames" you can play with for a joke and send to friends--I have done this to my cat and my mother which were HILARIOUS. ;)VIDEO USESound quality is GOOD. I wasn't really trying to focus on anything.I haven't really used it to really record anything for any significance yet--so, I can't say much about it.TOUCH SCREEN USEThe screen is able to slide from side to side when viewing pictures in "My Pictures"The screen is able to slide from top to bottom when scrolling for contacts, pictures, sounds, ringtones, etc etc.The screen is timed by the "Backlight Timer" within the "Display Settings" in the "Menu" area where it will shut off.If you have found that your phone shuts off randomly, it doesn't really shut off. The phone goes to SLEEP after a couple of seconds. This is because you have the backlight timer to shut off in 45 seconds. If you set the backlight to be on longer, then it won't "Go to Sleep" like a computer monitor. To simply turn it back on, press the "lock" button on the right side of its face and wala! Its awake. :) That and it can also be that within "Settings"--in "Touch Settings" you have your phone set to "Auto Lock" and this will automatically lock your phone and go to sleep. You can turn this off and on and how you want to unlock your screen. I have mine set to "Lock Key Only" and "Auto Lock" ON.If you have found that you touch things accidentally whether by your contact "favorites" on the main screen or anywhere else, then go to the "Menu" and go to "Display Settings"--change the menu options you have for your main screen. You can Position Menu Items - Replace Menu Items - Change Menu Layout - Reset Menu Settings.And when you're setting your "Favorites"--make sure you put them on "Always Ask"--always ask meaning that when you click on them, it shows you icons if you want to call - text - view details for your contact. This limits accidentally calling someone.MEMORY CARD USEI did have a bit of a tiff at first with my memory card but that's because I had mp3 songs on it that ate up all the memory and lost my pictures I had on it--my fault. LOL But anyway--YOU CAN use the USD card! Go to "Menu" and then go to "Settings"--scroll down and go to "Card Memory"--scroll down and "Move All to Phone"--if you want to move whatever you have saved on your card to the phone. Beware! I don't suggest moving everything on your Samsung Brightside onto the memory card unless your planning on upgrading your phone or getting rid of it. Transferring all memory from the phone onto the card will erase all information on the phone. However, if you just want keep your pictures saved or moved onto the memory card, that's fine. If you do accidentally do this and aren't replacing the phone, just go back to the settings and "Move All to Phone"--this will send everything back onto your phone. Your main screen wallpaper will need to be re-set if it isn't set as a default picture from the phone. You will also have to re-set your "Groups" if you grouped your contacts into categories from friends - business - family, etc etc. Possibly their custom tunes and tones for messaging and calling too? So be careful.KEY PAD (KEYBOARD) BEEP NOISEI HATE the beep beep beep! rofl &lt; . &lt; Anyway--Go to "Sound Settings"--scroll to "Touch & Keypad Volume" and turn it "OFF"This will save a lot of headache for those who do not like beeping all day when using their phones--and so they don't have to turn off their sounds and miss a call or miss a text, etc etc.You can also turn off the sound when turning your phone on or off in the same place--its on bottom of those settings.SETTING CUSTOM SOUNDS TO TEXT - VIDEO - CALLINGYou can custom set sounds and ringtones to contacts. (I don't know why people are having a problem with this?) All my contacts are set to different tunes and tones--that way I know whose bugging me. LOL jk But it's not that hard. When you add a "New Contact"--you can just simply setup easily that way. I am able to use whatever I want, especially the sounds or songs I moved to my phone from the memory card!Go to "Settings"--scroll to "Memory"--then scroll to "Phone Memory"--all memory that you moved onto your phone from your card memory will all be located on here, especially the default stuff. I haven't found an easier way to go to "My Sounds" or anything, so I stick to using this method. This may help those who think they can't use or find their downloaded or saved sounds, music, pictures, videos, and contacts.TEXTING SETTINGSI have found that it shows "Call back number # xxx-xxx-xxx"--displaying your phone number CONSTANTLY on all messages--I found this annoying. So, therefore--go into "New Message" icon--click on "More"--scroll down the menu to "Callback #" and click off. Wala! It's off and your not annoyed anymore. You can also set your signature, messaging font size, emergency alerts, delivery receipts and how you view messages and multimedia messages and Inbox View and your Entry Mode. "T9 MODE" is where you press letters and it sets up the word for you. You can turn this off and on when you are in the middle of texting and whatever.LOCK YOUR PHONEYou can lock your phone, if you don't want nibby noses getting into your personal business. Go to "Settings"--scroll to "Phone Settings"--then go to "Security". At first it tells you that your security code tells you what it is to get into it. Then from there, you can change the pre-made code to what you like. I have mine setup to lock-out on start up, which is the only feature for it. But if you want to "Lock Your Phone Now" that's there too, so once you press "Lock Now"--it's locked "now". Don't enter your code unless you want to get back into it, then you'd have to go back in and do "Lock Phone Now."ENDING NOTESI am going to stop here. If you go through settings and go to each specific option in either or, you'll find that you can set your phone how you want it. Call settings are in there to, where you want to set it to either Slide Open to Answer ( I don't recommend this) - Any Key to Answer (I don't recommend this) - Auto Answer with Handsfree (I don't recommend this) - Auto Retry (I don't recommend this) - TTY Mode - Voice Privacy - Select Port: BLUETOOTH - Port Speed - DTMF Tones - Assisted Dialing (I have this off).I have had my phone for a couple of days now? Mine doesn't freeze. The USB charger is fine and works beautifully. My battery is not short and nor does it die often or daily for that matter--this is probably because I have my phone to fall asleep within 45 seconds timer set for my backlight and I don't turn it off and on like a mad person. Texting is fast and easy! The keys are small--all smartphones are like that--the keyboard will be comfortable for those who are a bit touchy-touchy and oopsah-daisy!I imagine the battery life is drained for smartphone users who have the "WEB" on their phone. I also imagine that your battery life will get cut down even more when you set your backlight to last longer to keep it from going to sleep on you when you're not using it after 30-45 seconds. For those who don't want to scream at paying so much for this phone--do your research, I did. I got it for .96cents. And I love my phone, even if there are only two color main menu settings. :)And the only thing I found disappointing is that there are no more "GRAPHICS" (fun little icons to add to your text messages) to add to messages. You can only "Attach" pictures, videos, sounds, recorded sounds, name cards--Add Subjects, Insert Quick Text and Priority levels. Recorded sounds are when you record a sound right that second or minute and send it as is. XD I think I'll have some fun with this.IMPORTANT LAST BIT OF ADVICELastly, if you worry you might butt dial someone--REMEMBER TO SET YOUR PHONE TO ONLY UNLOCK BY THE "LOCK KEY" WHEN THE SCREEN GOES TO SLEEP! Even if you receive a phone call or a text message or video message it won't open or go through unless you "Drag across the screen to unlock." THE LOCK KEY is the most important thing on your phone. Keep it on and keep using it! When you set your phone to only unlock by the "Lock Key"--no other keys can turn your phone on from sleeping unless you slide your phone open to the keyboard, that will automatically unlock your phone.If you don't like that your phone auto answers or whatever--go to "Settings"--scroll to "Call Settings"--and whatever setting options within "Settings" and turn them off and on how you want it. I mentioned before under "TOUCH SCREEN USE" that you can limit this by turning off the any key answering and whatever. Good Luck!*EDIT: NEW INFO. 10/12/2012*ANNOYING NEWSVerizon has so lovingly added a "Daily Scoop" prompt. It will interrupt you or wake up your phone to tell you new news on phones or whatever. It gets old and annoying. But it only lasts a week (It tells you the first time it starts to do it). If you want news from Verizon then go ahead and subscribe or whatever (It may cost you?). I didn't, though. Just keep clicking "Dismiss" when it shows it to you and it'll stop completely after a week.PHONE SEARCH!I have found that there is a thing called "Phone Search" after fiddling with my phone some more. Go to "Menu"--click on "Tools"--scroll to "Phone Search." Here you will be able to type in one word or more to find what you're looking for if you cannot find anything that I have told you. For example, I typed in 'Sounds' and pressed 'Done'--it found "Sound Settings" and "My Sounds" for me. This may or may not take longer to find things if you are a fast touch screen user. This will find anything that is on your phone that you're searching for!DRAFT OVERLOAD PROBLEMS?I have found that if you are not fast enough to send a message that you're typing out, it'll be interrupted as usual (like on other phones) and be sent to "Drafts." The problem I have found is that if you keep getting repeatedly interrupted while texting and all your messages keep being sent to "Drafts"--it'll annoy your phone and it's memory. When you're in 'messaging', click on "More"--then click on "Draft". All your draft messages are located here. Click on "More" again and'Erase' ALL of your drafts. Your phone will get mad and say that your messages are full and blah blah when you go back into "Messaging." Just get out of there after you erase your 'Drafts'. Shut your phone off for a couple of seconds and then turn it back on. Once you go back into "Messaging" it won't show that "Your messages is full" prompt. It doesn't happen often. I have only happened to me once (Since the person I was texting is monsterly faster than me, lol). So, I thought I'd share.

I needed a basic phone and I thought this one would be the answer.  I would have given a four-star review because I only used the phone to make and receive calls.  It worked well UNTIL my Ford Edge computer was updated.  The phone no longer syncs with the car OR to be honest it does sync with the car but that's all it does.  I can no longer use the blue tooth, navigation system, find a business, or any of the other features offered by the "sync my ride" Ford computer.  After taking my car to the dealer for a week thinking it was a car issue, it came back as a phone issue.  I emailed Samsung and got an answer that SHOULD have fixed my problem.  The phone still won't sync.  Samsung wants me to send my phone to them and if they can't fix it, oh well, too bad.  I tried to get a replacement but not the same basic phone for "good will" but no.  So, if I want to use my car's programs I will have to get a new phone if Samsung can't get the phone to work.  Thank you very much Samsung -- great customer relations!

I looked at the reviews before getting this phone, but since I had few options to chose from I went with it anyway.  Terrible mistake.  This is the worst phone I have ever owned.  I'm not sure how much the people giving this phone 5*s are getting paid, but do not buy this phone.  The screen lock feature is terrible and unlocks with a soft breeze, allowing the vibration from your pulse to then call random people in your contacts.  When you need to use the number pad on the screen the phone also likes to play a little game called, 'try to hit the number', in which you tap at your screen randomly while the phone changes from the touch screen being active or not.  After about a month my space bar stopped working about 50% of the time.  After a few more months the touch screen stopped working all together, which almost made me believe in a higher power, except that there is no way to operate most of the phone functions without it.  In summary, do not buy this phone, do yourself a favor and get a flip phone, or a cup and string, or a message in a bottle, or perhaps learn an ancient cipher and train a murder of ravens to do your bidding, anything will be less frustrating than owning this phone.

I'm going to focus on one aspect of this phone primarily because so many others have already touched up the usual aspects of this phone.  In short - as a phone this phone is great.  Very clear calls, no drops. Comfortable to hold.  Love the slide out keyboard for texting.  UI is about as bland as you can get - buts a basic phone so oh well.  And, the UI can easily turn itself on in your pocket.  I found a couple of times that it activated the screen and turned on a few apps in my pocket.  Guess I'll have to look and see if there is a better lock code than the simple swipe.OK - my issue with this phone is the blue tooth.  Bottom line is the blue tooth on this device sucks.I used to have a smartphone - Droid Incredible Android phone.  I had bought a blue tooth headset a few months back and between that phone and the blue tooth device it was great. Calls were clear and loud enough, no problems really with the connection between the two.  I down graded my phone because I just never use the smart part of the smart phone. I use it as a phone only.  So why am I paying for a plan on this thing?With this new phone - the Blue Tooth device very often disconnects from the phone, within minutes of the device being connected.  Can not reconnect unless you turn the blue tooth device off and on again.  But it will often disconnect again with in minutes.  Interestingly - it has not disconnected while on a call yet so thats a small plus.  However, when I am talking I have noticed that the sounds on this device is not as loud as when it connected to my Android device.  I would not have thought that was possible as it would be the blue tooth that controls it - but its very noticeable.  I have a hard time hearing now and others have a harder time hearing me.  Same blue tooth that worked beautifully on the other phone - and still works beautifully on my wife's Droid Incredible.  So - this phone is not so good with blue tooth.  For me - I spend a bit of time on the highway - so blue tooth was very important to me.  If its not for you then I would highly recommend this phone.

I hate this phone. It is a cruel, cruel world that selected this phone to be the replacement for my old beloved EnV 3. I recieved this phone from Asurion after my LG suffered technical malfunctions. Initially, I enjoyed the icons and the touch screen. I felt that the touchscreen functioned much like the Droid in a basic phone property. The icons are useful to some extent, although I'm not sure who needs their social media, e-mail, and various other apps on a basic phone lacking a data plan. I was also mildly disappointed in my color options being either orange or green. Regardless, I was pretty thrilled for several days, until I actually started using the thing.Currently, this is the list of things that drive me crazy:* Calls my voicemail several times a day from the "lock" screen, while in my pocket.* Calls my voicemail after sending a text message.* Calls other people at random (I'm sure I accidentally touched something, I'm just not sure what, exactly).* Holding the thing up to my ear during a call is interpreted as hitting "End Call". Thus far, I have yet to complete a call.* In the event you have to use the keypad for any reason during a phone all (say, to activate said phone) you will be up a creek. Way, way up a creek. It forced me to reset my voicemail password after I failed to use the keypad properly. I have been through 3 phone with the same password, and this is the first time I've ever had issues accessing my voicemail.* When opening phone to use keyboard, it is likely you will either take a picture, or drop phone while attempting not to take a picture.* Takes pictures while attempting to send text messages. Deletes text message.* Erases entire conversations while unlocking "lock" screen.* Occasionally reverts to second to last person I texted when hitting "reply" rather than the person I was replying to. Uncomfortable.* Occasionally shuts off after sending text message.* Occasionally shuts off from lock screen.* My god, this thing loves taking pictures. I delete pictures of the inside of my pocket daily.I'm waiting to hear back from Verizon about the possibility of sending me another phone, or a brick that is both more intuitive and more satisfying when I feel like smashing my head against something every time I fail to complete a call or a text. My second option is to replace my beloved EnV3 via Ebay.

I got this phone and did NOT like it.  You can only choose between orange or green home screen for one thing and everywhere I carried it I accidentally bumped buttons that turned it on.  It was very frustrating dealing with this phone.  Thankfully I was able to return it.

I have had this phone for about 4 months and it has already broken.  I have not dropped it much but one false move and i dropped it on carpet.. CARPET!!! Im not hapy about this product.

this is a truly great little phone and i truly love it. it can take a beating and holds up nice. it also has plenty of nice cases to make it the ultimate fashion accessory if you cant afford or have an android. the touch screen is nice along with a sliding key board for those ultimate texters. the screen is pretty scratch resistant provided its being used how it should.

I've had this phone for a few days now and have gotten to know it a little bit.Pros: Great touch screen. Barely any Lag. The Sound is great(even the people I'm talking to have noticed it). the Qwerty keyboard is smooth and the keys are spaced out enough for my clunky thumbs.Cons: On occasion when I'm texting on the screen and I hit the T9 button the phone will restart. I don't like that there is no QWERTY keyboard on screen. The texts you sent get deleted if your mailbox is full without your permission.Overall its a great phone for the price. I'm on a family plan and only pay $30 a month which is nice. You can access the web if you want to pay for it. People say that they had issues with the main screen being a menu, well you can customize it. And if you learn to lock your phone then you'll have no issue what so ever!

I bought this phone 5 months ago.  It is not as good as my previous phone.  It's touch screen is sensitive some of the time and other times I can touch it to open a text several times before it will respond.  It will go to a screen just because I touch the side of the phone.  I have trouble with playing the music.  I removed what I had on it and now when I tried to down load music onto my phone the connection won't work.  Every time I see an ad for this phone at some crazy price I think, "People don't be stupid, this phone is a pain."  My daughter in law and her mother both bought this phone too.  None of us like it.  It seems to me that if you don't want a data plan are you have so few choices for good phones.  I loved my last phone.  I wish it stilled worked.  I am not happy with the Brightside.

I had the old flip phone, didn't want to upgrade, but this phone made it easy to change over and actually fun.  I am enjoying the options and I don't even have a data plan.  It was nice that I can arrange the icons to what I use.

I have read other reviews on here and they have it correct. If you have money to throw away go ahead and buy this phone. It is by far the worst phone I have ever owned. I don't think I can live with this junk for two years.It's simple, DON'T BUY IT!!!!!! You will be unhappy. Update!!!  I went back to my old 8yr old flip phone and it still works fine I'm happy I kept it.

Actually paid to cancel my 2yr contract with Verizon so I would not be stuck with this phone for the next 18 months. Terrible,terrible phone. Just sitting the phone down causes it to start different functions. Call button hardly works. Verizon should not sell this phone. Costs me 350.00 to get out of my Verizon contract so I would not be aggravated with this phone.

I was so disappointed in this phone.It wont turn back on when turned off unless you push random keys for an hour or so! If your lucky it will turn back on. As long as I kept it charged and didnt turn it off it was great!

this phone is great. easy to use and very user friendly I would reccomended it due to the fact if you want a stylish phone that does not need a data plan, get this, I chose this phone because I wanted a touch screen and the screen is quiet large, I do not have any issues with this phone

First and foremost, I think a cell phone should have excellent voice quality, this does not.  Basically, I use the phone to make calls and a few text as well.  I don't spend a lot of time talking on the phone either.  The battery lasts for two days of very basic use.  I notice when I have about two bars, the voice quality is horrendous.  It's so bad that it comes in totally incomprehensible, so it fails in it's most common feature-making phone calls.  It had one bar, and I plugged it in to charge it, and still I could not understand what the person was saying. Very frustrating.  I am not here to persuade not to buy it, but to gripe that I have a poor quality phone.  I bought it from Amazon, great price, but verizon still charges 30 for upgrade.  What upgrade is it?  I bought it from Amazon, verizon did not have to upgrade anything.  Good luckThanks!

No data plan needed!  My husband loves this phone.  The price of one cent was just the ticket!  A steal!

I was so excited to get this phone but but from the beginning, I began to experience problems with this phone.  It goes to an app if it is touched anywhere on the phone and begins to connect to that app.It will even connect to an app if I try to lay it down carefully, without touching any part of the face of the phone, It doesn't go to the same app all the time. I do not have access to the web so after a while it lets me know that it cannot access the app. Lately it has been dialing my contacts without my prompting it to.  I do not even know they have been dialed til they call me to find out what I wanted.  That is very embarrassing and frustrating, too. The new problem I am experiencing is that my contact cannot here my voice when I call them.  I hear them fine but my voice is so low to them that they are frustrated and want to end the call.  These phones sure are not worth the money one has to pay for them. My husband has a different phone and he never has a problem with his phone, I did not have a problem with the phone I had before this one. I would go back to it but they tell me that phones need to be replaced from time to time because they are not programmed for the newer towers.  That sure does not make sense. I Long for the day when my contract runs out. Sadly, too, because I always thought Verizon wast the best phone service around.

This is a good phone I have heard! But the shipping is bad! Very bad! I start school in two days! So today, my dad got an email and it said your order could get here on The 18 of august! so thats today! Right?! so i might not have a phone by my first day of school! so i think my dad should of bought it at a store! so if you really want this phone, and don`t really care if if gets her the day you want it to, then get here! But...  I think its gonna be a reall good phone! so ya! Its your call!!! This is my first bad experece with amazon! sorry! But Its true! I am so mad! but it MAY work out! But not likley!Avery, age:9 (forth grade)

This phone is low tech, cheaply made, and poorly designed.The phone has all the problems people talk about in these reviews, I'm not rehashing it.There is a major security issue with these phones because they automatically dial numbers or butt dial constantly. The fun wears off very fast.If I had known about these issues beforehand I would have chosen a more suitable phone.

I have been keeping my eye out for any new basic phones coming out for Verizon, and as soon as I saw this phone had been released I immediately ordered it.  Coming from an LG Cosmos, this phone is a huge upgrade!!!  It reminds me of my friend's Samsung Reality, which I think is a stylish phone.So onto the actual review, after having this phone for about a week,I have found it to be quite good. The touch screen is very responsive, which compared to older touch screen basic phones is a huge improvement! At first I was afraid I would not like having a home screen, in the same sense of having a wallpaper when the phone is unlocked. But after using for the phone for a while, it makes sense to take out that one extra level a user has to navigate through to get to the things that really matter.  The camera is nothing fancy, but for spontaneous picture moments it will do the job.I found the phone to be a little slick to the touch and was afraid of dropping it, so I purchased a case from Verizon, which adds bulk, but gives the phone a very solid feel and nice weight.So on to the negatives...  So far there is only one major problem I have found with this phone.  This may just be an issue with my individual phone, though it seems unlikely.  It seems to be a software issue.  When using the T9 feature while texting with out the keyboard, the phone will stop taking input. Then when I select the option to view possible words and select one, it prints what we in the computer science world call "garbage".  Just a bunch of nonsense characters. The phone then proceeds to reboot.  Now this is more of an inconvenience, since most major texting I'll be using the keyboard. But since the feature is provided, it should work!!! Sometimes I am multitasking and do not have 2 hands free to use the keyboard (which is nice by the way).Anyway that is all I have, I will provide updates if I find any major faults or awesomeness with this phone.  If anyone else has the same issue while using T9 please let me know I am not alone! Otherwise I will probably try to replace the phone.

Don't ever buy a phone with a Verizon plan, or other carrier plan from Amazon.  The process is so convoluted and frustrating, is fraught with delays - unless of course you can wait endlessly for your phone to arrive.  Once you place your order, Amazon will email you to say that the carrier needs to manually review your application.  In my case, the carrier had not even received my application from Amazon yet even though according to Amazon, the carrier needs more information?!  I called my carrier myself and had them call Amazon to resolve the issue, but despite talking to Amazon to clear everything up and confirm my eligibility for upgrade, etc, as soon as I hang up the phone with my carrier, I got another email from Amazon saying there is delay in my order because the carrier needs more information!  And this went on and on a few more times with no resolution.  Bottomline - avoid the frustration.  Do not buy from Amazon!

I bought the phones for my kids. It was the last renewal that i was going to buy &#34;regular phones&#34; for my kids. This was the most decent texting phone at the Verizon store that day. Within 1 month i had to return my daughters because the home button did not work. At about 18 months one started doing crazy stuff, Shutting off, not shutting off, backward graphics..etc. Within a month, the second one did the same. Eventually they just died.. one then the other..leaving me 6 months till renewal. I bought everyone an iphone this time!

My husband and I each got one o these phones and we both wish we hadn't. I will list the reasons I'm giving this phone 2 stars.1. You can make and receive calls. Although it will disconnect fairly often all by itself, I think because your face touches something on the screen during your call. It once dialed a 3 way call during a conversation I was having. I have no idea how, I don't even know how to do that. It ended up disconnecting a very important phone call that I had waited 2 days for.2. You can send and receive texts. The touch screen doesn't work well, it misses letters or adds words that you don't want. I finally gave up on it. Thankfully, it has a keypad so I use that exclusively for texting.3. Battery life is short.4. The touch screen is way too sensitive. You constantly end up calling voice mail, or connecting to a service that requires internet or a media package, which I don't have, so it charges a ton every time the phone connects on it's own. Even something as simple as disconnecting a call and carefully locking it, and putting it in my purse can somehow dial the voice mail or connect to the internet more times than I can count.5. When I check voice mail, the numbers won't even stay on the screen long enough to dial my 4 digit code. I have to open the qwerty pad and use that to dial my 4 digits in. The touch screen allows me to dial 3 digits then goes black.That's all I can think of right now. We hate these phones, and would rather have a basic flip phones. My husband accidentally drove over his and left it in the rain overnight, and I'm jealous because that means he is finally rid of it! I might have to do something like that "accidentally" too, LOL!Sorry to be so negative but there is seriously not much good I can say about this phone, and I have had lots of phones. This is the worst one I have ever owned, and the most frustrating in general.My advice: Don't buy it!

Was looking for a phone that didn't need the $30/month data plan and was really struggling to find something decent.  I was excited to try the Brightside but concerned about some of the negative reviews.  Most of those negative reviews compared it to a smartphone...it is not a smartphone.  But, I think it is probably the best feature phone available at this point.  Very comfortable texting, good call quality, battery life seems reasonable, touch screen responds nicely, 3.2mp camera (though it is quite slow to record image on my class 2 micro sd card...I just ordered a Class 10 card and hopefully that will take care of that issue), can add e-mail/data for $10/month.  I am very pleased and would purchase again.(Update:  Class 10 card helps a lot ... time went from nearly 30 seconds per photo with my class 2 micro sd card to 1-2 seconds with the class 10 card!).

I was almost dissuaded from purchasing this phone by the bad reviews but my Intensity II is pretty beat up so I took a chance. If I were used to a smart phone I would probably not be satisfied with this phone, however for someone who has used the Samsung Intensity II for a couple of years I couldn't be happier.  It is what I was looking for. Touch screen is responsive and it is plenty fast.  I don't go online or check e-mail with my phone (have a tablet or desktop for that) and just want a phone. Like most things if one actually reads the manual it clears up any "problems" that one might be having that are a result of being unfamiliar with the device.If you just want a basic phone with some conveniences don't be afraid to buy this phone.  If you want a premier phone then pay the premier price with the data plan and enjoy........

...A really great non-smart phone.  VERY much like a smart phone. It's fun to operate and is got great clarity and volume.  The keys on the keyboard are larger than my last phone (an Extravert) so I can text super quickly in comparison.  The biggest positive is my only negative -- it's so sensitive, even with having to 'drag off the screen' to use the phone, it does so itself in a purse or even just walking around with it in your hand.  Going to try a cover and hopefully it'll resolve itself.P.S. Make sure you upgrade your phones on Amazon.  This phone was $119 in the store, $100 on-line, but only 1 cent on Amazon!!'

So this is probably the best regular phone out there and I wasn't quite ready for a smart phone. So when I got a free upgrade and got this phone for free with my regular plan I was excited. Over all it's a nice phone for a regular phone I like the touch screen. It's pretty sensitive but there's a button on the side of the phone to press so you can lock the screen when you put it in your pocket. It didn't come with a very detailed instruction manual though, so now it does some annoying things that I can't figure out how to to get it to stop. Like saying Verizon wireless before everything it does. They also wanted me to pay an extra 10$ a month to my cell bill for data just because it's a brightside when I already have unlimited Internet in my cell plan and pay for that....also it's not very customizable but it will work until I get a smart phone.

I'm not a big fan of the touchscreen. When I receive a call while I'm already on the cell it unlocks & sometimes my face seems to either beep over or press other buttons! Its battery is good!

We love this phone!  We upgraded from Samsung Intensity's.  Verizon was gonna let us have this phone for $99 each.  We had a $30 loyalty discount so one would've been discounted to $69.  Amazon hooked us up with a pair of 'em for just two pennies.  That's a savings of $167.98!  Oh, and I had no idea, but they threw in two car chargers as well, for nothing!  That'd have been at least another $20 from Verizon, I'm sure.  So for us, this is great.  We've never paid for a phone, unless there was a 100% rebate.  Now I'm out 2 cents, but I'll manage somehow!As for the phone, it's a nice upgrade from the Intensity.  It has the look and feel of a smartphone, but we don't subscribe to data plans, so no cost for that.  But it does have some browsing and FB apps if you want a data plan for those features.  We just make phone calls and text, so I can't say much for apps.The phone is responsive to touch, the only lag being going into apps, which we don't bother with.  We are fans of the slide out keyboard.  This one is slightly better than what the Intensity had.  The grid menu can be replaced with shortcuts, which we have done.  That shows a favorite contacts bar at the bottom, which is nice.  We can easily get to what we need, which is mostly contacts.  The contacts search is quick too, with a smart index tab slider.  The display turns off when held to your ear and it reactivates when pulled away.  There's an auto dim feature that I like, so I don't get a flashlight in my face at night.Battery life seems pretty good.  I have no scientific measurements, but we can chat and text a lot in a day and still have battery left when I get home.  It seems to have good standby, even though it connects to our home phone system using bluetooth, which I thought it might drain it quickly.  Having a charger at home and in the car guarantees we can pretty much chat w/o worry.  A spare can be dropped in place in about 10 seconds, just like on the Intensity.The only downside is the lack of colors.  The shell is black - no other colors.  My wife likes colors; I like black.  We have ways to fix that for her though; skins, stickers, krylon, etc.  The themes are slim, offering only green or orange.  Why there's no array of colors to choose from, I dunno, but it's not a biggie for us.  The lockscreen has a wallpaper feature.I'd get it again given a choice of anything else that's free.  (of course, free means I extend my contract another 2 yrs)

Can't use this phone for anything other then cell phone calls, today I couldn't even add a new contact, the keys are so sensitive have to turn it off when not in use so it doesn't do things I haven't typed in, it is a heavy phone, I am just using it as a backup since barely anything works on the Samsung brightside, just don't feel it is reliable, Verizon customer service is worthless with trying to resolve issues with this phone.  FYI I ended up purchasing an AT&T prepay as a backup and love it.

This phone is horrible, do not buy it! I needed a phone that didn't require a data plan but still played music (There's not as many of those out there that you might think), and this fit the bill. I'm sorry I bought it. Purchased from the phone department at Staples. I've owned it for a few months.-You can't keep it from unlocking when it's in your pocket. Yes, technically, it locks but once in your pocket, the unlock will easily happen. Happens to me every day, and I've had it in both front, rear, thigh, and jacket pockets with NOTHING ELSE IN THEM and it still unlocks, and sometimes dials someone while it's at it. This also means that music will get abruptly cut off if you're playing something.-It always shuts off on it's own, too, same reason as the unlock, the buttons just get pressed too easily.-It doesn't necessarily disconnect you from whoever called you until either they hang up, or you tap the "End" button on the screen. You can not press the physical disconnect button on the bottom of the phone, it won't disconnect. It also does this when leaving a voicemail, you finish speaking and unless you're quick about getting to the End button on the screen, you'll leave a long period of silence at the end of your message.-Music player drives me crazy because although it will shuffle your songs, it has to play whatever song is alphabetically first out of all songs on the phone. So, you hit the shuffle button, then you have to skip to the next one, which will be a random song. The next time you want to shuffle, it will again play that first alphabetical song then randomize after that. Sounds minor, and it is, but as a computer tech I can only classify this as blatant laziness on Samsung's part. It would not have been hard at all to code the extra line or two into the phone's programming to really just shuffle instead of playing the first alphabetical song, then shuffle. Also, you have to be careful which buttons you press, it will easily exit the player instead of just stopping the music.Once I find a job, this phone will be incinerated and replaced. Normally I would give it to someone or recycle if nobody I know needs one, but I don't want to subject anyone to the anger and frustration I feel every time I use this phone.

I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this product. My last phone died and I wanted a phone in which I did not have to purchase a data plan.I have had this phone for not even 4 months. At first, I liked it and I could deal with the touchscreen being ultra sensitive. All of a sudden, one day I went to use my phone and it said "battery charging". The battery icon was even moving, but it wasn't even plugged in. Now I have to charge it every day, sometimes even twice. The touchscreen barely works. I have to tap it numerous times before I can text or answer texts. If I call someone I cant hang up. The numbers wont work while I am on the phone so I can't do anything i.e. listen to my voicemail because I cant type my password. Also, it turns itself off whenever it feels like it.I talked to Samsung and they had me do a "hard restore". It didn't work. It just erased all my information in my phone.THIS PHONE IS A PIECE OF GARBAGE. DO NOT BUY IT!!!

I read a lot of reviews for this phone and almost did not buy it.  It works excellent!!!  It has a lock key which works perfectly fine.  I mention that because I read  negative comments about pocket dialing.  This is a great basic phone!!  I do not know what people want, but this phone is awesome if you do not want to pay for use of the internet buy this phone!!

What's Real Good:-Uber responsive crystal-clear touchscreen, surprisingly quicker than my LG Dare.  Near iPhone, Droid response but not quite the processing power obviously. Tackles the touch-screen job and does it well.-Probably best in class for a feature phone on the Verizon plan.-Intuitive Menu system with simple yet useful shortcuts that is well laid out allowing quick, unobtrusive access without any hiccups-Very affordable if you are willing to depart ways from 2 gnarly cents.  Upgrade here on Amazon and save $50.  Either way, on amazon or Verizon, upgrading means signing another 2 year contract.  Might as well buy here on Amazon.-Amazing slide-out full size QWERTY keyboard makes for a speedy "quick triggers" texter.  Slide-outs are usually dinky and conducive to fat-fingering.  No worries here as the keyboard is a decent size compared to ideal flip-phone "texter" QWERTY's without being overly large and clunky.  I came off the LG Dare with exclusive touch-screen QWERTY and was anticipating the transition to come with somewhat of a daunting learning curve.  Pleasantly surprised this is not the case. I am one happy texting machine.What's good:-Closest you can come to a smart phone without signing away on a 2 year ($30+ a month data-plan)-Great supplement if you already have an iOS device (such as a iTouch) or you sit in front an office computer all day for apps, internet etc-USB interface is easy to use making for nearly seamless media downloads/uploads.-Setup was a breeze, both with activating the line and initial customization-Comes equipped with Verizon's Backup Assistant for initial setup of backing up your contacts or transferring from your previous phone.  This is a great utility that connects seamlessly to the Verizon hub for ensuring contacts/phone backup protection.  Setup was a cakewalk.  Great feature on the phone and from Verizon!-Packed with Blue-tooth that offers decent functionality and be synced with most devicesWhat's not-so-good:-Apps and apps-store are pretty much useless. Basic games do the trick but do not remotely compare to the Apple or DROID app store.  If this what you are after, look elsewhere.-Smart Phone-esque WITHOUT Wireless capability.  Sad really because it seems like such a simple feature these days.  It would have made a nice added touch however browsing on this phone wouldn't be the most ideal despite it coming with a decent browser anyway.-Very limited customizable options.  Little to none customization display options make the phone lack personalization ie go nuts with the 2 colors to choose from for the Menu (to flash my spunky personality, I went with Orange instead of Green, if only I had the same options for my Prom suit) and a whopping 5 maniacal fonts each sporting Normal or Large size variety (Grande or Venti?).  Furthermore, the Full or Short-cut Menu are always on the fore-front rendering the Wallpaper pointless except when on the locked time-display screen.-Turning the phone sideways without the slide-out doesn't offer a touch-screen QWERTY.  Somewhat disappointed with this as it would have been easy to accomplish and made for on-the-fly texting.  My LG Dare had this and I miss it.  The suave slide-out, full-size QWERTY somewhat makes up for it though.

This is the sorriest mobile phone I've ever own or had the misfortune to have come in contact.  When making a call and needing to navigate through automated menus, the back-light shuts down and locks the screen.  The touch screen is far too sensitive and the least brush of finger, cloth, or other item will place calls to voice mail or open apps menu.  While quality of calls is acceptable, the audio jack port is flaky and the headphones I use (yes, I'm old enough to have trouble hearing and need the headphones) cut out even without moving the phone or the cord.The slide-out QWERTY keypad is fine, though my large fingers and thumbs have a bit of trouble with pressing two keys at the same time.  That, however, is a  problem which plagues me no matter what phone I have.  I'm not impressed with dialing numbers from the QWERTY keypad, but it does work, though the back-lighting fades while listening to &#34;recently changed&#34; options.Verizon customer service is less than worthless (I suspect due to my having  had to purchase this phone at a Wal-Mart while traveling as an emergency replacement) and Samsung has failed to address this other than to tell me to reset the phone (which according to others with this problem, fails to work).I strongly recommend to anyone thinking about this phone to forget it

I purchased this phone with my contract renewal a couple months back. Within weeks, everything that I had read was wrong with this phone came to pass. A mind of it's own is an understatement.  It does whatever, whenever it wants. I finally sent it back when it became the boss of how and when it decided to charge the battery. It wouldn't take a full charge and then it decided that it would refuse to die and turn off, instead beeping at a random constant, at 2 am or 4 am every morning, until I took the battery out. The replacement phone has already started showing the same problems.I would rather chew my own arm off than have to ever use this product again. I'm shopping for a new phone right now.

I'm one of those people who is not connected at the hip to their phone.  I don't use any apps, check my email, or surf the web on my phone.  For strictly texting and making calls it does the job, which is why picked it out.  My only real complaint is how sensitive the screen is, which I swear on my life sometimes I don't touch it and it will do things.  For some reason it always signs on to the mobile browser or apps page.  Surprised I haven't unknowingly purchased anything.  I'm pretty conscious about locking it though, so it's not a big problem.  Sometimes when I push to call someone it doesn't register right away on the touch screen.  Overall, it's not great or terrible.  I think some people were in over their heads thinking this is a smart phone or close to one, which it is far from.  Quite sure that's why it is labeled as a BASIC phone, so I would only recommend it if you're like me and need it for just that, the basics.

The phone turns itself on easily if you put it in your pocket, even if it's supposedly locked.  80% of the time I take the phone out of my pocket it is on.  Once it even turned on and dialed a number in my speed dial.  In short, they need to make a better lock-switch.  After I got a cover for the phone it improved a little.The music player app is a royal pain.  It is NOT iTunes compatible!!!!!!!!  The app interface shows you can find songs my name, artist, genre, album...okay.  But if you  rip you CDs to MP3 using iTunes only the song name will appear on the phone, thus navigating to a n artist or particular album is not possible.  I was told by a Samsung Live Chat tech that ONLY  MP3s work on this phone -- even though the manual list AAC, AAC +, wav etc-- and that you must use Windows Media Player app to rip your CDs or convert to MP3 to enable artist, album sorting to function.  This is a HUGE drawback.  I cannot attest that even works.  I have to find a PC that I can use  first to try it.  I will report back success or failure....stay tuned!!! ( just not iTunes :-(  )On the plus side for the phone: call sound quality is ok.  Music playback sound is fine.  And custom ringtones are as simple as drag/drop your mp3 from your computer into the ringtones folder.Addendum:  using Windows Media Player to rip your CDs works to enable browsing by title, artist, album etc.

Update, 1/31/2013: I have had two weeks of hell with this phone, now two months old. It's been extremely buggy, won't turn on reliably, and is on its second battery. The previous battery went through periods where it wouldn't seat correctly, then wouldn't charge completely, and then wouldn't turn on the phone. We'll see if the new battery fixes the issue. I still like the phone, but don't trust it to work anymore.Update, 8/9/2013: Still extremely buggy. Can't wait until my contract expires and I qualify for an upgrade to get rid of this thing. Do NOT buy. Too bad, because the phone's features are otherwise very nice.-----------Original review:Like many here, I'm not interested in paying for a smartphone. My previous phone was an LG Octane, which suited its purposes well but had developed a loose connection with the charging cord and wouldn't charge properly. Having read a lot of reviews of the Brightside, I decided to take a chance with it.So far, I have been reasonably pleased. Although many complain about the lack of customization (for example, you can only pick two color schemes, orange or green, neither of which are very attractive), the information display is customizable enough for my tastes. I can put those buttons on the display that I use (messages, calendar, notepad, My Pictures, etc) and move all the others that I never use (mobile web browser, social networks, My Music, etc) onto the back menu page. I like having the Favorite Contacts on the front, so the four people I call the most are just a single touch away.The Voice Commands works quite well; I've become quite addicted to it. So far, the battery life seems good. The camera takes nice pictures, although the editing tools are rough. However, it's easy to drag pictures back and forth from the phone to the computer, and I strongly prefer Photoshop anyway to any piddling little editing tools available on a phone.I got a hard rubber case for it right off the bat, and am happy with how it doesn't interfere with the sliding keyboard. It does add a little bulk to the phone, but it also seems to absorb some heat. My old phone used to get fairly hot after just a few minutes' use, so it's nice to have a cooler hand.I also like how it keeps texts together in a conversation -- texts traded with the same person over a period of time will stay together in a scrollable format so you can read the entire exchange on one page. My old phone didn't do that.There are some minor downsides. The default ringtones universally suck, so I spent about $18 having all my old ringtones transferred to the new phone. Other than the incoming message beep, there wasn't one of them I wouldn't be embarrassed to have as a ringtone.The keyboard is both a good and bad thing. I really like the slide-out keyboard on the overall -- the keypad feel is good and crisp. However, with the case on, the top row is a bit crowded, and it's possible to hit the key below it by accident. And I have very small thumbs. Someone with large hands would definitely want to try out this keyboard with a phone case on before buying it. Unfortunately I think the hard case is pretty much a necessity, since the phone would probably be in deep trouble if dropped even a short distance.Is it a good phone? So far. Is it a great phone? For that, you'll need to pay the extra $30 a month for a smartphone. It is what it is.

I am still not ready to pay 50 bucks or more a month for an iPhone and this was the next best thing.PROSIn a case, it is pretty indestructible. I have dropped mine and had the back pop off and it come apart and yet, I snap it back together and it works like a charm.You can personalize it much better than the older phonesI love the blue icon grid (used to just have green and orange and now has green and blue and the blue is AWESOME)Holds quite a few pictures, videos and songsYou can customize the front grid so whatever you want is on thereI actually like the Qwerty keyboard. I am a big fan of those and they work very well for me. I know some people hate them but I am not one of themHolds a charge for quite a long timeSets multiple alarms (my last phone didn't do that but it was pretty old)Great music soundThe loud ring is really loud and the vibrate is pretty strong so you do feel itThe notepad feature is pretty good. I use it a lot for my grocery listI love the fact that you can set world times so that all you have to do is click the icon and it will take you to the time of the city you are looking for. I have friends or relatives in several cities around the world and I find myself using this more than I thought I would.CONSIt is not as "cool" as the iPhoneIt is easy to punch a button by accident (like your voicemail)and that is super annoyingThe videos have to be put into another format to play on the Brightside and its a little annoying to put them onThe bluetooth settings are not very good and its very hard to get it to be compatibleIt needs more fonts and needs a larger font for people who have difficulty seeing. The large font is not very large and the normal font is tinyYou cannot set the phone so that it locks after a few minutes. This was a great safety feature on other phones and this phone does not have it and I don't know why. If it is stolen, it can be used by the thief. The security features on the iPhone are much better than this phone and the older flip phones were much better than this phone.The camera is awful. The pictures are dark and grainy. I have used it but it really is awful.It only has two languages, English and Spanish. If you wanted Russian, Hebrew, Yiddish, Chinese etc....don't go with this phone, go with another phone.Very hard to use it with voice prompts but it says it has those. It may be that bluetooth is very hard to set up and that is why.CONCLUSIONAll in all. I am happy with it but in a few years when only smartphones are offered, I will have to bite the bullet and I will get an iPhone and get one and I know it will be better than this one but for now, this one is ok and as I share a service plan...I only pay $15 a month and rarely go over my minutes.

Horrible Phone!! looks nice but is unreliable!! most people think this is the only decent basic phone that Verizon has, not true! I highly recommend looking at the ZTE Adamant it looks like a blackberry phone w/o the data. Although not perfect its still 10x better than this horrible phone. Verizon sells these bad basic lineup phones on purpose to get people frustrated so that they can get them on a smartphone plan, no joke!!

I bought my brightside at costco, and once the phone updated itself the wallpaper screen has adarken area at the top and the bottom. It did not matter whether it was one of their selections ormy picture. The bars do not appear any other screen. The costco kiosk Rep thought the phone was defective soI was able to return it for another which appeared okay at first. Once this phone updated itself, the darkbars appeared again on the wallpaper. I took this phone to a verizon store and they tried everythingthat I had done to clear the bars, but nothing worked.  They felt that some update had been doneby samsung to their phones in general that was affecting my samsung brightside. They said I should callSamsung. The touch screen seems very sensitive, and I am continually dialing people when trying to scroll through my contacts. I wouldn't recommend this phone. I found  the book necessary to learn the nuances ofthis new phone.

Great looking phone. Like some of the features. Unfortunately, the alarm and calandar stops working. I have been late to work at least 4 times since buying this piece of crap.The alarm does not work if you are setting it for the next 24 hours. In otherwords, if it's 7pm and you set an alarm for 9pm, it will work. If it's 7pm and you set an alarm for the following morning, it will not work.The only way around this is to a do master reset on the phone and therefore you will spend a good hour each time re-entering things like your notes, calandar events, alarms, just about everything it's customized for.If yours works now, consider yourself lucky. Verizon is in total denial that there is an issue. Run, don't walk away from this busted piece of garbage.

Slow on the touch screen. I like to keypad, but it's no smart phone. I did know that when I bought it...it's not as expensive a monthly fee, so I guess that helps me overlook the short comings.

I am a college student with no need at the moment for a smart phone. The Brightside is a great phone. It holds a decent charge depending on location, the format is fun and easy to understand. The phone is very easy to use and calls and texts usually go through with no issue.However, I am on my third Brightside. While it is a good phone, it seems to be victim of some sort of manufacturing defect. It works wonderfully for about 4 months, then acts a bit strange. The problem I had (twice) was that the phone would act as if it was charging when it was not on the charger, then would unexpectedly go dead without any warning. This is annoying, but tolerable at first. However, the longer this goes on, the more the phone acts up. Both times, my phone was replaced by verizon with a refurbished model.

All I wanted was a functional phone. I enjoy having a keyboard for text messages and an alarm clock but those are the only bells and whistles I really need. Or that would be if it weren't for things that up to this point I should have taken for granted. Other than a kind of iffy lock key which has called at least three people in the two months since I got it, the phone just can't decide whether or not to stay charged. I noticed this within a couple weeks when sometimes a charge would last for little more than a school day and sometimes it would last for several on end, and once or twice it died immediately after being taken off the charger. My parents got the same phones and reported similar problems. But the last time this happened the phone wouldn't charge when I plugged it back in (it was perfectly functional up until the moment I removed it from the power socket) so I took the battery out and walked out for a couple hours to go grocery shopping. When I came back there was a crack across the screen. Except I didn't see how that could have happened. Except there was no evidence of physical damage. Except instead of spreading radially from the fissure, the screen was blank from its peak until it hit a perfectly straight line half a centimeter from the edge, a blinding mountain on a empty plane.

I tried to research this phone before I bought it. I wanted kind of a pro/con list to compare what I need to the features.  Couldn't find one, decided to make one myself. This is certainly not all inclusive but what I find relevant. Let it be known, I'm pretty easy to please, cell phone-wise.Pro:The keyboard makes for quick texting.Camera takes good photos, can use large display to view them.(I'm really struggling to think of any more)Con:The side buttons are constantly getting hit, so not having a case is not an option.The alarm does NOT regularly work.The keyboard backlight goes off quickly, making it difficult to see the small buttons and letters.The volume button gets stuck.The screen backlight flashes on and off at times, so if you have to use an automated system, it gets frustrating.All in all, this is a cheap phone given some superficial touches to make it look better than it actually is. Since it has a lot of the touch screen functions but a poorly made touch screen, things go wrong regularly. I don't recommend this phone.

Didn't know samsung was capable of making such a crappy phone. I upgraded to this from my lg chocolate touch which I didn't even like and this phone is way worse! It lags like crazy when doing something. When i unlock it, half the time, it won't even unlock. It unlocks after like 3 times due to the lag of this phone. Also have to be careful if it's unlocked. After two weeks of having this stupid phone, i was already annoyed because i kept accidentally opening the stupid web browser. Garbage phone. Wish i could return it and unsign my contract so i could get a better phone later.

Have owned the phone for 4 months. One day I went to use the phone and 1/2 the screen was black, no visible cracks. Verizon store inspected it, said no cracks and ordered a replacement. The following month there was a $99 charge on my bill for a damaged phone. After much arguing with Verizon they reversed the charge. last week the one month olde brand new replacement phone has a solid bright white screen, no damage. Neither of these phones were dropped, dunked or rough handled in any way.  I feel there is an issue with the robustness of the displays and the consumer is paying for it. I would have given zero stars in this review but the template won't allow it.

My wife liked the style of the Brightside phone. That's about the only thing good about it. She is on her second phone. Verizon contends there is nothing wrong with the phones. Everytime she puts in her purse it goes on line. you don't have to touch the touch screen for it to be activated. Gets constant "you have a new text message message, and there is nothing there only to find out later our son was texting her.  On some calls the caller sounds like a computer generated voice, on others just a lot of crackling. She/we HATE this phone. Of course Verizon says too bad and you can change it in two years. We are just waiting to hit a price point that wil enable us to take a smaller loss on this piece of junk phone than just tossing it out the window. Once again, WE HATE THIS PHONE!!!!! I have spent hours and hours on the phone with technical services, to no avail. Verizon WILL make some extra money off of us, because there is NO WAY we can put up with this for 21 more months.

This phone has been driving me crazy since I bought it.  If you read any of the other reviews they mention some of the negative aspects (see "thatneilguy"'s review which states:" As noted in other reviews, the touch screen is ridiculously sensitive, opening apps and even answering a call before you've even got hold of the phone. The side buttons can get accidentally touched and, again, you've answered a call or changed settings before you even know it's happened. We've had terrible echo issues, especially when calling another Brightside phone. And the phone has a terrible tendency to just hang itself up in the middle of a call - and this when it's being used through a car's bluetooth system, so it's not even being touched. The answer buttons are not intuitive at all, so after 4 months I still can't always remember which button to push to answer a call, so I end up hanging up on the call before I've even answered it."  My complaints are the same!It also never tells me if I have voice mails which my previous phone (an LG octane did).  I'm trading it in and getting another Octane (used) because it was a better phone all along.  I've lost the extra money I paid Verizon for it and it was a lesson learned.  My advice is,  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PHONE!

This phone has very touchy buttons or a mind of its own, or both!-Very easy to turn on ringtone, even if you've chosen "no ringtone"-I'll unlock the phone and it will be on random pages that I've never seen.  Even if the phone has been sitting on the desk.-In silent mode, the phone will still make noises to tell you it's running out of battery.-The interface sucks at every step.  I just tried to add a mobile number to a contact, and it took me 5 full minutes to figure out that you have to tap on the phone number to get it to save the info.  This, after pressing save (which apparently does nothing).-It's very difficult to answer calls without hanging up.  Half the time, the phone doesn't let me know someone's calling anyway.I really wish I had picked a different phone.  STAY AWAY from this one!!!

For the money this phone is great.  I don't have a data plan or any high price plan.  I wanted a reasonably priced phone with a qwerty keyboard for texting, bluetooth capability, a camera, and an SD card.  The camera is better then what I had in my last LG phone.  For the price and for what I wanted the phone for I have no complaints and would recommend it highly.

It is one of the better basic/feature phones. It has a touch screen that doesn't lag to much. It is big and looks kind of like a smartphone. It has a good bigger screen and a slid out qwerty keyboard. One problem I have is that there is no option to have the phone locked with passcode all the time when pressing locked button. You have to go into security and press lock now everytime you want to lock phone with passcode, but I got used to it eventually. Still kind of annoying though. Whenever I drop it, the battery and back falls off which is sooo annoying since I drop it ALL the time and it flies all over the place. I should probably get a case and maybe that might be better.

Perhaps it was my fault for having too high of expectations, but this phone was disappointing on every level. The biggest issue is the slowness of the processor. There is unbelievable lag time between when you press a button and when there is a response on the screen. This issue is further compounded by inconsistency and poor quality search engine. When searching from the home screen the results are OK but not great. Unfortunately, when texting (specifically group messages), the search only operates on a character-by-character basis. Meaning if you have two "Johnathan"s in your phone and you want to text the second one, you will have to type out "Johnathan X" to get past the first one. There is also an absurd lag time between switching from texting a single recipient to a group text.Another annoying feature is the gross misallocation of screen space, again, specifically when it comes to texting. When reading texts you can see 2 or 3 messages at a time, and that is if they are very short. Long messages will often not even fit on the screen. Even worse, when responding to a text, the msg box covers up the last txt in the conversation. So if you need to re-read the last text you got as you are responding, you have to save your current msg as a draft, go back to the conversation, read the text, go back to the main messaging screen, go to your drafts, and re-open your message.In summary, Samsung over looked a lot of the basic little features that make phones easy to use. This carelessness resulted in a phone that is difficult to navigate and annoying to use. I can't wait to get a new phone.

I bought this for my daughter, and 7 months later it's broke.  Although it powers up, I can't get into some of the sub menus (Such as tools and settings).  It just takes me back to the main menu.  The keyboard doesn't work well.  When I type a key, it shows on the screen for a fraction of a section, then gets deleted. It also shuts down on its own periodically.  I can't reset it because I can't get to any of the administrative menus.  So now I have a daughter who can't text (yes her social life is ruined for now).  Perhaps that's a good thing?  This is the first phone that one of our family members owned that actually malfunctioned (out of something like 15 phones).  Bottom line, there is a reason so many people rate this a 1 star.  Because it breaks!

I ordered the Samsung Brightside for myself and my mom, who is on my family plan through Verizon, from Amazonwireless.  First, let me say that Amazonwireless is great.  It was my first time buying anything from that site.  I contacted customer support with some questions I had, and the woman I spoke to was friendly, knowledgable and extremely helpful.  The website stated the phone was on backorder and would take 2 to 4 weeks to arrive.  Imagine my surprise when it showed up 2 days later!  That's where it all went downhill, however.  The phone was hard to navigate.  I was told that it supported wifi, which I later found out it did not.  I had no intention of paying for a data plan for the phone, which is why I chose it over a smart phone.  The touch screen was so sensitive that I called voicemail numerous times (accidentally) and accessed the web browser numerous times unintentionally.  After carefully locking the screen (with the button on the side), I place the phone in my purse.  I wasn't even out my door when the phone started making noise inside my purse.  Somehow, the voice activation had been activated.  I was told that one of the big advantages of having this phone was the fact that it is very hard to activate the screen while it is locked.  That, obviously, was not true.  I have an iPod touch and assumed the touch screen of the Brightside would be similar; I was wrong!  Directly touching it isn't necessary for an icon to be selected; simply getting close to it will cause things to start popping up.  I hung up calls I was on several times simply because my cheek brushed against the phone while I was talking on it.  The screen is FAR too sensitive.  It wasn't 20 minutes after activating the phone before I was ready to send it back--which I did the next day.  I have no idea why this phone got such good reviews; it was terrible!  I don't think I will get another touch screen phone again, unless it is an actual smartphone.  The good news is, I contacted customer support and told them how much I hated the phone.  They emailed me the return slips and I sent the phones back.  I sent the phones back on Monday, and today they processed the return, refunded my money (all 2 cents of it), and contacted Verizon for me to cancel the account upgrade so I am able to get new phones.  Thank you Amazon for the wonderful customer service!  This phone, however, is worthless.  Complete piece of crap.

I've been stuck with this phone for almost 2 years and it's awful.  The screen is very sensitive and I've had problems with it not sending text messages many times.  I don't really have anything I like about it.  It's your average crappy phone.  I can't want until I can get a new phone!

After 4 years of running out of battery on my HTC Incredible, than my Rezound, when I needed to use the phone most, I decided to go to a, "Dumb phone," so I could actuallydo what a cell phone is intended to to; make calls!I tried the LG Intensity, but unless you have fingers like sewing needles, the slide out qwerty isn't much use, so I went with this one.  There seems to be a love hate relationship withthis phone, but 3 of my friends have it, and love it.I won't whine about the, "Ugly screen," as I knew it wasn't pretty going it.  Lack of customizing isn't an issue, as you can move the icons around.  The phone going off in you pants?  Lock the screen with Settings>Phone Settings>Security>Lock Screen Now.  Solved.The pictures won't win any Ansel Adams awards, but it has a camera, and even takes video's.  Not broadcast quality, but again, I'm not expecting $300.00 worth of technology in a $39.00 phone.  The call quality is perfect on speaker, and hand set.  I hooked up my Samsung bluetooth up in about 2 minutes, and it works perfectly.Yes, texting is taking a little getting used to, because my "Smart Phone," had a predictive keyboard, but hey, saving $30.00 a month, ($360.00 a year) is worth typing the words out.  The keys are big enough for even my fat thumbs, so I'm very pleased there.The Ring is loud, so I never miss a call.  The tools, (Calculator, alarms, Calendar) work just fine for me, and best of all, I'm getting about 3 days, not 4 hours out of a battery!!!  I can talk on this phone for an hour, and the battery MAY go down 1 bar.  That's better than 1/2 on my Rezound.Ok, is this phone as nice as my Rezound??  Is a Hyundai Sonata, a BMW 5 Series??  We're dealing with two different worlds here.  One is basic, and works as dependably as my Sonata does, the other is flashy, fast, and cost's a fortune for upkeep.I've had no issues with this phone.  Go into settings, and play with security, and sound settings.  You will find the answers to most of the, "Problems," folks are pissed about there.The touch screen is sensitive, but no more sensitive than my Rezound.  I love this phone.  It makes calls, text's my friends, gets my e mail, and even has an opera browser!  At the end of the day, after heavy use, I have at least 1/2 battery life left!  I use this phone, ALLOT.  I'm on the music business, and need a dependable phone, like a spaceman needs oxygen.  No problems here.Do your research, and find the forums which address the problems folks talk about. There are easy fixes for them, though I've not encountered any at this point.If you're looking for beauty, super fast processing speeds, Portrait photo quality, this isn't it, though even after a Rezound, this phone is plenty fast.  If you want make calls you can hear,and have a simple, well laid out, dependable phone, that won't leave you with a dead battery, when you need it most, give this a try.Good luck in your search.

PRO (yes, I said pro, it's only got one):Touch screen is not just pressure sensitive but also static. (So doesn't just unlock screen while in purses, but still can if in your pocket at times, but not as easily as just pressure screens, like the LG cosmos touch I previously used)CONS:Cannot personalize as much as other phones.Slide out keyboard is tough to open and end up dropping it more often than opening it. Would not recommend for heavy texters as its really annoying to drop your phone every time you try to open it to text.Really odd width to height/depth ratio. Makes it harder to hold on to firmly (at least for people with kinda small hands).Very slippery surface around back and sides of phone, also makes it hard to grip, and just end up dropping more easily.Touch screen has unnecessary menus at the bottom which get bumped all the time and makes phone make unwanted calls.The way it's programmed while texting someone if you receive a text while in process of typing, phone automatically opens the received message and saves yours as a draft (and sometimes not and you have to start over.)Ringtones are the worst to choose from that I've ever heard, very few also compared to other phones out there.I haven't even had this phone for a week and I absolutely hate it. It feels like its a cheaply made piece of crap. I text a lot and the slide keyboard is rather difficult to open as it is too thin and slippery to hold on to, so I drop it all the time. Also hard to hold on to because of it's dimensions, its really wide for it's length and depth which also is part of why its harder to open the slide keyboard. It's just very oddly shaped and I don't like it especially for this reason. I don't really like the touch screen, you cannot calibrate it yourself so sometimes its picky about what exactly you're pressing but I do like the fact that the touch screen is not just pressure but also static, so generally it doesn't just get bumped unlocked if it's in a purse/bag, but will if it's in your pocket. I don't like the fact that you cannot put a picture of your own for the wallpaper except on the lock screen. Yeah, that's great, I can see my beautiful dog's picture for about half a second every time I have to UNLOCK my phone and then I have to see its ugly menu screen. Once the screen is unlocked it is the menu options that you see, just like in the picture here you cannot change this to a wallpaper. You only get a choice of 2 colors for it green or orange. I don't particularly like either of the colors they provided. I don't like how there is a menu that takes up the whole unlocked screen and I cannot have a background picture there and only when the screen is locked I can see it. Personalization is important to me in a phone and this does just not do it for me. Also, because there is automatically a menu screen pulled up when unlocked it makes it really easy to press things while it's in your pocket or something. The touch screen menus at the bottom you cannot change and they are really not necessary: "voicemail," "recent," "keypad," and, "contacts". They are unnecessary (except for keypad) because you have the menu screen already on the entire front of the phone which already has "contacts," most people hit the "send" button on the phone to view their recent calls. Most people don't need to check their voicemail unless they get a missed call and when that is the case it notifies you of the missed call and asks if you want to dial voice mail and the notification stays until you do it anyway. But because this option is there, it is pressed all the time when it just accidentally unlocked and my phone seems like it is constantly calling my voicemail or my recent calls, or opening my contacts to call a new one. I hate the way it's programmed while texting someone if you receive a text while in process of typing, phone automatically opens the received message and saves yours as a draft, or sometimes not and you have to start over, but then the draft will appear in the draft folder a few minutes or hours later after you don't need it and started over already. It's very frustrating. Oh, and the ringtones to choose from on the phone are not good at all.I absolutely hate this phone and would never recommend it to anyone. But my sister does seem to like it better than the LG cosmos touch we last had, but I do not at all though, I am switching back to my old one as soon as possible!

My mother-in-law bought this phone.  What a piece of garbage.  The instruction booklet is worthless.  I'm glad I found an interactive website, so I could learn how to store contact numbers.  Two of us tried, and neither of us could figure it out.  The keyboard is small and hard to use unless you have long nails.  I suppose if you're really tech savvy, it might be a piece of cake.  But there are people who really exist who need help in figuring things out.  Instruction booklets are really nice.

This phone has been nothing that I would ever buy again. Less than 6 months after purchase, it was randomly shutting off. This continues to be a problem, making it completely unreliable, frustrating and a waste of money. Why can't non-data plan users have a decent phone? I miss my ENV3!

Major issue with the calendar on this phone.  When saving a event/appt it will not save properly, it will show on the calendar under the correct date but if you click on the date and then the event, the date that is saved will be a completely different date. Example: appt set for June 15, 2012 but it actually saves as July 22, 2012 thus the reminder you set will not alert you because of it saving as a completely different date.  It is with all the Verizon Samsung brightsides. I had bought 3 for different members of my family and all of them have this major defect.  The Verizon forum shows other customers with the same issue starting when it came out in March.  Verizon is aware of it but they continue to sell this defective product.  Dont buy this product if you want to be able to use the calendar for appointments and/or you want to use the alarm on the phone.  go to google and search "Samsung Brightside alarm not working".  You will see all the complaints about this phone.  This is the worst phone i have ever had and Verizon has not corrected the issue and they continue to sell this phone, knowing it is defective.

I am SO sorry I chose this phone! The touchscreen is so sensitive that if you breathe on it, something opens (or at least that's the way it feels). It must happen 15 - 20 times a day - when I end a call or a text and want to hit the upper right side button to lock the screen, suddenly I'm calling Voice Mail or opening Apps or opening Mobile Web. I hate this phone.

This phone is truly awful, appalling, poorly designed and engineered.  It seems to have a mind of it's own due to touchscreen issues, as well as on/off sensitivity.  Forget locking the phone-forget turning it on or off!  It loads up applications or programs by merely breathing on the touch screen.  The touch screen itself is horrendous for operation.  This phone can drop calls through any physical movement on the user's part.  Call sound quality ranges from good to atrocious, depending on the alignment of the stars or some other unknown quantification. It is uncomfortable to hold in the hand and uncomfortable to hold up to the ear, left or right. I have used this phone for over 30 days and now I'm stuck with trying to get rid of it.  Luckily I got it at a deeply discounted price, so even if I give it away, it won't be a large loss. I have just reactivated my Samsung Reality, which, even though beat up with battery issues, is a far superior product to the Brightside.  I have been snookered once-never again!  All in all, the Samsung Brightside is a putrid product, with no redeeming qualities.

*Reviewing this phone after having it for two weeks:Upon my own research, I was actually a bit skeptical buying this phone. But hey, for $0.01, I really could not beat this price.  Verizon Wireless tried charging me $119 to upgrade to this phone.  Overall, I like how Samsung designed this phone.*If you think you're buying an iPhone or Samsung Galaxy, then you're mistaken.  This is *not a smartphone, but it looks like one at swift glance :)  It does not require a data package.Note: SOFTWARE UPDATE this phone when it prompts you.  I haven't experienced too much sensitivity or glitches. I purchased this phone when this patch was available, so maybe that's why there are some mixed reviews on this phone.Pros:-I think the display is great-I can avoid the Verizon Wireless store, (please, we all know what that's like)-Great keyboard -- it's responsive & has a good feel to it (not slippery)-Touch screen for a basic phone -- I was quite surprised!  It's pretty smooth-Option to text on the touchscreen (not full keyboard texting, though)-It groups your texts, similar to how iPhones and Galaxies do -- I haven't had to to clear my inbox like other basic phones-Loud volumes / ringtones-Battery life-Look of the phone/feelCons:-I can understand why some people would think it's sensitive, but it really wasn't too bothersome -- (experienced this mostly when trying to set the alarm clock on/off)-Sometimes I hit the voicemail option by mistake-No flash on the camera-I hate T9.... why do we still have this feature?Nothing else so far!*The slide to unlock feature really didn't bother me.... maybe some people are too picky?  It's not a iPhone or Samsung Galaxy, so please realize what you're purchasing.I'd still give this a 5/5 for a basic phone!

I purchased a Samsung bright slide March 2012 and am totally dissatisified with this inferior product.  I bought the belt clip holder accessory with the phone.  When you try to remove the phone from the clip, you hang up the incoming call.  I switched to carrying it in my pocket and when you touch the screen while removing it from the pocket, you hang up the call.  Even if you get the phone out of your pocket, I've experienced problems sliding the screen to answer the call and the caller hangs up before you can get the call.  The finger slide screen feature has inherent design issues and when you open the screen it automatically goes to other features you did not select.  There is no locking feature for the screen which ultimately renders the phone usless for me to receive calls ie; I have to call the caller back each time.  Also the speaker button does not work when I try to press it to switch to speakerphone mode when talking on a call.  Real piece of work Samsung!

I love this phone. It has everything a teenager would want. But the touch screen is really touchy. Like I keep calling people. And if I'm useing the T9 word at starts to grease then restarts it self. Or it will start typeing all sorts of letters. That's why there's a but there. So I am debating if I should take it back or just. deal with it.

I have been so upset about this phone, it is constantly echoing every time for the people that I am talking to that they are always hanging up on me. It feels very cheap, and is very slippery. The touch screen is not very responsive, and it makes random calls while the screen is locked. Run away from even considering buying this phone, I bought it off of Verizon and went through 4 of them, until they eventually told me that they weren't going to give me any more. Now I am stuck with this phone, and am very disappointed in both Samsung and Verizon.

This is one of the BEST phones on the market!That is...if you don't need the alarms or calendar.  For some reason it doesn't work! or it works when it wants to.  I tried removing email from my phone, putting pictures on memory card, nothing worked...So....get the phone if you don't need the other stuff.

After shopping around to find the best deal on this phone, I finally ordered one through amazon wireless and was incredibly disappointed when it arrived.  I am an audio guy, so I know a thing or two about technology, and could tell within the first 2 minutes that this phone is wayyy behind in a variety of ways.  While the overall appearance and design were GREAT, the processor, the interface, the mic, and the camera were absolutely worthless.  It is so unfortunate that Samsung would tease the feature phone user with this piece of junk!  Why on earth would they waste their time developing a phone that looks great and has all of the features the feature-consumer wants, and then throw in all of these cheap components?  I have a hunch: To get you to upgrade your plan and buy a smart phone!  This is ultimately a slap in the face to those who don't fork over another $30 a month for a data plan.  I can imagine they are sitting back and laughing at your expense on this one.A few things you will immediately notice when you power up this phone: The image on the screen fades when you open the keyboard, there is latency when typing numbers on the touch screen, the speaker sounds like a cheap voice recorder, and the interface looks like something from the nineties.  I am going to check out the ZTE Adamant at Best Buy in hopes of finding a phone that suits my needs after my LG Voyager was discontinued and I was stuck with a Samsung Intensity for 1 year.  Thanks Verizon!Samsung should receive some serious backlash from this stunt.

The Samsung Brightside is no smart phone. But for a basic phone with no required data plan, I believe it deserves "Best in Class."The call quality is good, and Verizon offers the best coast-to-coast coverage in the cellular industry. The touch screen feels accurate and responsive. As with their Galaxy Tab, Samsung has proven they can build a good touch screen.One uniqueness is that the Brightside offers both a touchscreen and a slide-out physical keyboard. This adds some girth to the phone, but it's still lightweight, and the frame does not feel bulky. It's a welcome accessory for heavy texting.Other perks include a camera and music player. The 3.2 megapixel camera is just what I need for those unplanned "Kodak moments" when I don't have a regular camera around. It's far superior to the 1.3 megapixel on my previous two phones. The music player is pretty straightforward and puts out a good sound that's not too quiet or tinny.That said, there are a few negatives. I would've appreciated more customization options with things like home page colors, font sizes, etc. When testing out some PDF files, I found the document viewer slow and clunky and see myself using it very little. I had some problems downloading drivers when I first plugged in the USB. It also took me a while to get the phone to recognize my music files. But with a little persistence, all seems to be working smoothly now.Sure, we'd all love to have a smart phone. But the $30/mo. data plan is hard to swallow when many of us already have internet access. If you're looking for a sleek touch screen phone and don't expect to use internet much, the Brightside is a great option.

The Samsung Brighside is the worst phone I have ever used - even worse than cheap disposable phones I have used in the past.  About half the time I try to answer the phone it hangs up the call.  Sometimes when I am on the phone it hangs up and starts dialing voice mail.  You can't handle the phone without it trying to call your voice mail or connect to the internet or do some other function.  It rolls to voice mail so fast that unless it is in you hand when it rings you will miss the call. This phone is junk.

For being one of the only non-smart phones Verizon makes, that isn't a flip phone, the phone works okay. The phone isn't all that great. I don't like how you can only change the tiles on the background instead of being able to set a background picture like you can on any other phone. The touch screen doesn't always work the greatest and I have to hit the screen several times before the phone responds.

This is a good basic phone since I refuse to pay extra for a data plan. I like the keyboard option since I'm not a huge fan of touch screen. I bought this phone because it has both. The touch screen is very sensitive and I can navigate thru the screens very quickly. The camera and video has poor resolution unless it's very bright, and motion pictures are always very blurry. I don't really care since I've found that sim cards don't go from one phone to the next. The pictures I take are for the phone's wallpaper and anything important I just text to my email. I haven't had the phone for a year and started having speaker problems during phone calls (I could hear the person I was talking to fine, but the volume where they could hear me would go in and out sporadically, I was constantly having to repeat myself because they could barely hear me). I just received my replacement phone so we'll see how it goes.

This phone was an option for an upgrade for the Verizon family plan for 100 dollars. It is not worth 100 dollars. Unless you for some reason, desperately want a touch screen, it really isn't worth 100 dollars.CONS:1) The touch screen works well enough but it's almost oversensitive. When I talk using it, it will assume I pressed a button when I hold it against my cheek.If I put the phone down, it will say I pressed some section of the screen, most frequently voicemail, which it will start dialing immediately.2) Comes preinstalled with bloatware.3) Bloatware comes with advertising. The City ID app had a full screen ad telling me to subscribe to a monthly service. This was fixable as I could uninstall it. The VZ navigator app, however, is not fixable. IT WILL LOUDLY TELL YOU ABOUT ITS MANY CAPABILITIES EVEN WHEN THE PHONE IS MUTED. It, along with several other apps, is locked and uninstallable.4) The font on the phone has two options: Large and very large. There is no small font. You end up with a large screen displaying very little of a text.PROS:1) Has 3G. If you want 3G but don't want to pay for the smartphone data plans, get this. There's still a data plan fee but it's a good deal smaller.2) The pull out keyboard is fairly well sized. It isn't too large so it isn't awkward to hold. The keys are well spaced so you won't end up pressing the wrong button often.3) It's camera is decent. Not anything to write home about but if you forgot your camera and you see something unforgettable, it's there.4) It is expandable by SD card. Considering it's limited memory, this is almost necessary. The slot is hidden from view, located underneath the back of the phone, along with the battery.All in all: It's a decent phone. It's just not worth 100 dollars.

Its pretty apparent by the abysmal selection of non smart "feature" phones like this Brightside (as compared to the competing carriers) that Verizon does not value its customers that do not have use for a pocket computer phone and their increased monthly expenses.  Have you seen the pitiful selection?  Four or five flip phones and three horrible keyboard phones.  I selected this as the newest keyboard phone available.  What a mistake.This phone is cute but is of poor quality and large ergonomic issues. As I write this, I have only owned 4 days and I have lost count how many times it has pocket dialed someone or or attempted to download extra cost items on its own and this is with the side case lock button selected on. The touch screen is off the chart sensitive and the screen will activate even as your finger approaches it. The side lock button requires too little effort to select on or off. The phone is short so its difficult to position between your face and shoulder if desired and you wouldn't want to do that anyway because of the sensitive touch screen.  The call quality and signal strength isn't nearly as good as my old LG phone and for the first time since switching to Verizon, I have experienced dropped calls. Lastly, the phones flimsy slide out construction doesn't bode well for its life span.  This phone is better suited for a left handed person rather than a right handed person.  If holding the phone in your right hand, you have to rotate the phone 180 degrees to slide it open.I have been in contact with Verizon Tech Support and they simply suggested a different model phone, indicating to me that they are aware of these issues with this phone.  I ended going outside Verizon and purchasing a new LG env touch on Ebay.  My wife has used hers for 5 years and it has been flawless.

This isn't a smart phone. But it might be one of the best non smart phones, with many of the features you get with the smart phones (touch screen, flick of the finger picture viewing, etc), but without the $30/month for a data plan nor the $200 purchase price.I also had verizon ENV3 -- which i loved -- except for the problem of it shutting it self down. it used to be 1x/month, now it's 5x/day so it's time for a new phone. It was what i wanted -- good camera, great keyboard, no huge price or data plan.so now that the ENV3 was unusable, i went looking for a replacement and this was the best i found. BTW, i just got it tonight and i've never written a review before, but this was soo good i thought it worthy.I bought it at bestbuy and paid 29 bucks. coulda bought it here cheaper, but i wanted to feel the keyboard. that's one feature that is soo important, but you'll never know unless you try it in the store. I tried a bunch, and some don't have the spacing, or enough 3 dimentional "bubble" for you to feel the keys. this one is fantastic!I didn't care about the touch screen initially. But after using it, and having the same picture scrolling ability as an iphone was cool. (though it's limited: you can't "spread your fingers" to zoom, etc. but you can drag to scroll though them).biggest bummer is that many of the options only have 2 or 3 options, with what i'd say are some glaring omissions. (examples below). So yeah, it could be better, but for what i wanted it's great.configurability drawbacks:a) screen lock options: 1) lock ley only, 2)lock key and end key 3)any key -- where's the option to unlock with a passcode? the only passcode option is when it wakes up from power up. my phone isn't secure!b) display themes: 1) orange, 2) green. - it's not bad, but usually you have 5 choices,etcjust some stuff like that. other stuff was very configurable (having the main menu icons be chosen by you, etc)Also on the picture viewing. with my ENV3 i could click on "zoom"then use the left/right keys to selectively zoom. this one doesn't let you do that. you just zoom on the center one time.anywho, i love it, but it's not perfect.good:1)overall a 9.5/10 for a non smart phone.2)some smart phone like features without a data plan3)great keyboard4)nice big touch screen, re-orderable main menu.5)as good as any MP3 player (playlists, up to 32G SDcard, etc)woulda been nice/could have been better:1) limited options for configurability2) not great zooming capability when going through your pics3) limited locking ability/security

This phone is a piece of garbage. I have never owned a phone that was this poorly made. Here are my complaints:1. You cannot use t9 without the phone shutting down2. You cannot use the touch screen without it freezing or shutting down3. Many of the applications are flawed4. The VZ Navigator randomly turns on. It could be across the room from me and I will hear "VZ Navigator, a powerful and easy to use...."5. Wingdings will randomly appear while trying to send a messageI can go on. I've had to replace the phone several times already. I will have to replace it again tomorrow. It has now frozen completely so I cannot even make a call let alone send a text. Please, please, please! Save yourself the aggravation and DO NOT buy this phone!

When I first got it I would send unfinished messages all the time and constantly call voicemail. Then you cant send pix messages from your pics stored on phone unless you just took a picture. the screen is nice and big but other than that never really liked the phone.

I HATE THIS PHONE. VERIZON WILL NOT WORK WITH ME TO UPGRADE. I AM STUCK WITH IT TILL JANUARY 2014. THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK. I HAVE PUT IT ON VIBRATE, DOES NOT WORK. I HAVE TRIED TO SWITCH BETWEEN CALLS, DOES NOT. TOTALLY WORTHLESS.I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE LACK OF HELP WITH VERIZON.I AM SO MAD, THAT I AM LOOKING INTO BREAKING MY CONTRACT.

I was worried by negative reviews, but I have had no issues with this phone.  My wife has the same one and she is equally satisfied.  This phone is great for texting, calling, and use as an alarm clock.  A battery charge will usually last me about 3 or 4 days, depending on use.  That includes leaving it on all day and night.I don't use any data so I can't speak to its online capabilities, but if I wanted a phone to use with the internet I would have gotten a smartphone.Also, buying through Amazon saves a ton of money.  I paid a one time $30 activation fee, compared to the $200 I would have had to shell out at the Verizon store.Great phone at a great price, I would buy again.

Ok..  so I'm downgrading this phone from 2 to 1 star.  I got my Brightside from Costco's Verizon kiosk. I think it was $40 with a new plan. It is still "like new".So here ya go:  The keypad misses "punches". ..  when texting on the keypad I often have to press the key two or three times (ANY key) to get it "work".At least as bad: The alarm AND the calendar functions simply don't work.  (despite Verizon's recommendation that I get a software update).  After CAREFULLY programming in alarms and calendar reminders, the phone just doesn't alert me.  (period).  Silence at the programmed hour.  Quietude.  .. you get the idea.  Maddening.  (I normally love silence, don't get me wrong)I guess there's a possibility that I got an isolated "lemon" ...  BUT BEWARE!!!  There could be thousands of them.  :/If your phone DOES work, but you have trouble with it coming on; I'd recommend a protective case.  The bright green one I got here on Amazon ($4?) did the trick.My Original Review from last year:I thought surely I was missing something the day I picked it up from the Costco Verizon kiosk. This phone (rather easily) comes on when I don't want it to.  Even the "drag screen to unlock" function can apparently be mimicked by any kind of friction inside of your pocket (or purse?).  Once that happens, it's off to the races as all kinds of electronic voices and beeps and chirps emanate from my pants.  Very frustrating.  Seems the designer of this phone would have caught the problem before millions were produced.

This phone is for the user who wants perks of a smartphone without the price. I just recently bought this phone and I LOVE it! It has a limited number of apps(but I didn't get it for the apps), and it has twitter and facebook already downloaded. The screen is large and smooth, the keys on the full QWERTY keyboard are large and easy to use, and the call quality is great! I would recommend this phone to anyone!

This has been an excellent choice for my 12 year olds first phone.  Great speakers for music, decent camera, and above all excellent choice in phone/text quality for a phone withOUT the data package.  Couldn't be happier.  And, the transition for adding to already verizon account was seamless.  My daughter is very techy, and she loves it (esp. the slide feature) and has no complaints.

First, this is not a smart phone. It's a basic phone with no data requirements. For what it is, it does a great job.Pros: Compared to other touch screen phones I've used, this one is way faster and has a nice, responsive screen. But it lets you have the best of both world with its slide-out QWERTY. And yes, you can use the touch screen simultaneously with the slider. You can customize the home screen as far as which icons you want displayed. Threaded texting is huge for me, a feature missing from a lot of other basic phones. The camera is not awesome, but is among the best for current basic phones spec-wise. Support for external memory is a huge plus. The music player accepts a good deal of formats, so I can just drag and drop songs from iTunes right into my phone.Cons: Customizability is somewhat limited, though I don't agree with some of the other reviews that say it isn't customizable at all. It would've been great to have Bluetooth 3 (this one still utilizes 2.x). Another feature that would've been nice (but again, this is a basic phone) is an accelerometer (i.e. when you turn the phone sideways, the screen flips to match your orientation). The "document reader" looks nice on paper, but doesn't perform well at all -- very slow and unresponsive. However, it's not a feature I see myself using. Ever.If you're like me and don't want to pay the $30/month for data, but you want a nice big screen and a slide-out QWERTY, this is one of the best out there right now. Keep in mind, though, that it's not a smartphone. Don't expect the moon for features. It's a wonderful upgrade from my LG Cosmos.

I would not recommend people to buy this phone. The alarm and calender functions donot work and the battery loses charge without any reason. I had to replace my phone when adding to the above issues my phone started to show that it is being charged even when not plugged into power outlet. The replacement phone I got has similar issues.

I haven't had very many problems with this phone. I noticed, like most Version phones it seems, it has some weird moments where it spazzes out and turns off or freezes up. Nevertheless, these moments don't occur all that often. But, the real problem I've had with the phone is the alarms. I have a busy life and tend to need to be reminded a lot, so I have programmed eight alarms on my phone. It worked just fine for a few months, now, none of the alarms will work, no matter what I do. I tried turning off the phone, I tried taking out the battery, I tried to transfer all the alarms to my calender and I even tried deleting all my alarms and re-adding them. Nothing worked. If you're like me and use mass amounts of alarms, I would suggest avoiding this phone. If alarms aren't a problem, then it's a pretty good phone. :D

NOT ONCE can I pick up, put down, or try to access something on this phone without it automatically opening something I didn't want it to open.  I have to constantly close something before actually accessing what I wanted in the first place.  It is waaay too ultra-sensitive!  I have never hated a phone so much.  I am now stuck with it for 2 years (contract).  My mother got the same phone and has the same exact issues with it opening programs you didn't want it to open.  She hates it more than I do (if that is even possible).  Also, it is very annoying if you are in the process of typing a text and someone texts you at the same time...it automatically throws the message you were typing into the draft folder.  It has a very generic home screen as well.  The home screen is just a grid that looks like it is out of the 80's.  I could go on and on about things I dislike about this phone.  Only good thing is that the battery life lasts a decent period of time.  But that could be because I have learned to NOT USE this phone and therefore hard to drain the battery.  ...Worst, most annoying phone ever!

My 14 year old son got this phone with his birthday money and the phone lasted 5 months before the touch screen went out. We took it to Verizon who said the phone had been dropped. The phone was in excellent condition without any marks on it. The quality of the slid is flimsy. I have had a lot of cell phones over the past 8 years and this phone by far is the worst. As noted before the touch screen (the short time it worked) was very sensitive. I could go on but I won't. Don't waste your money on this phone. We are stuck in a two year contract using an old phone. The Samsung is for sale on ebay for parts.....

I can't even charge the phone it smokes if I even try to charge it, it butt dials, hangs up randomly. Poorly made phone.

Like the large screen. Very responsive and easy to navigate. Especially like it for showing photos. Only complaint: Side lock, unlock button very sensitive causing screen to light up with the slightest touch using battery power. Will try a case to reduce this problem.

I must begin by saying I feel Verizon feature phones are rather terrible. Their cameras are bad even by 2008 standards. They have little customizability, and they often feel very very cheap.I used an enV3 for three years, and despite random shut-down problems and freak-outs when exposed to japanese characters, it was a decent phone. The env3 took acceptable pictures and had good volume and call quality. The Brightside is about the same thickness and has a slightly larger footprint. The construction feels solid and the buttons on the QWERTY keypad are quieter but spaced closer together than those on the enV3 which makes texting a bit tougher.My main complaint about the Brightside is that you can't do much to customize it. You have two options for font size - big and REALLY big. That means you can't see much on the screen when reading/writing text messages. When you look at call history or contacts, you can only see a few entries at a time. My enV3 has a smaller screen but can fit at least 50% more information.If a text alert is set to "vibrate" the thing vibrates three times every time you get a text message which I find annoying. Some icons on the front screen can be moved or changed but others are permanent. Many of them require a data plan to use, which is ridiculous because no one in their right mind would buy such a low end phone while paying for data.For a resistive touch screen, the phone response is excellent. I can't scroll as quickly as I can on an iPhone, but that's only a minor inconvenience. I haven't used the phone enough to comment on call quality, picture taking, or battery life. A 3.2 MP camera is pretty low by today's standards, but it's hard to do any better without getting a smart phone. The phone also has great volume.In short, I feel this phone could be a ton better if programmers tweaked the UI just a little. As it is, I like it more than the Convoy (which I purchased and returned) but less than the enV3.If anyone has specific questions, I'd be happy to try to answer them.P.S. The reason I'm replacing my old phone is because the battery has gone to pot, and despite using 3 different new replacement batteries, I can't get more than about 1 day of standby time out of it. It also shuts down when it sees characters with accents making it impossible to receive text messages from some friends and colleagues.UPDATE 3/18/2012: The OS on this phone is pretty buggy. It allows you to set custom sounds and ringtones as the primary alert and ring sounds, but often when the phone rings or makes its "alert" sound, it plays the default sounds.  Additionally,  you can only associate the built in tones and alerts with specific people. The menus will not allow you to select anything you've added to memory.I've also found that it's very easy to accidentally touch the wrong "button" on the touch screen. I find myself frequently accidentally calling voice mail. Using the touch screen to send messages is problematic. The captive screen IS very sensitive, but it's still nowhere near as good as an iPhone. When I try to type quickly, letters often get missed, and I have to delete the word and start over. I always use the QWERTY keypad for texting now.The only reason I am not giving this phone two stars is because it has done well with calls so far, which at the end of the day is primarily what a phone is supposed to do.

Not sure why so many negative reviews.  I have an android ICS tablet, and had an android phone that I gave to my daughter.  This is no android, but still it is a nice touch screen.  Before I owned my first android touch screen, getting used to the on screen keyboard took a while, but after I got used to it it was second nature.  This on screen keyboard is smaller so takes some getting used to as well, when typing on mobile web, but it works just fine.  To just do a quick news headlines check, or quick weather check, it is fine.  Even send facebook post via text, or view facebook mobile text only posts.  At 1.99 per MB on Verizon (or signup for the $10/mo for 75Mb Mobile Web if needed - although I don't think I will even need that), it is a very nice phone that does not require the $30/mo data plan from Verizon.  MyVerizon page lets you see how many MB you have used.  If you go over 5MB, just call Verizon before end of your billing cycle and ask them to add the 75MB ($10) feature for that month.  Still a lot cheaper than the extra $30/month that you HAVE to signup for if you get a smart phone.Unless you want to be on your phone on the web all the time, viewing videos and online pics or music that use lots of data, this is a great phone.  I can check facebook for pictures when I get home using my PC.Great as a phone, texting, facebook quick post/check, weather check, news headlines check.Mine did not come with blackberry maps preloaded, so it seems the only navigation option for me is VZNavigator which costs.  I may sign up for that every now and then just when I am going somewhere I have never been before.If you want to save on your monthly bill, and still have a little infrequent access to mobile web this is a great phone.I have not had any of the problems of it dialing someone by accident, and the touch screen works fine.  Even the camera is decent.Dave

Not a lot of language needed for this review: GARBAGE! Pure garbage.  I've owned this phone for about three months and it is now completely on the blink.  And this doesn't even include the fact that after about three weeks of ownership, I noticed stress-inducing touchscreen hypersensitivity and spontaneous power downs without warning.  It only cost $10 but it's worth -$100 (that is, NEGATIVE ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS - they should pay YOU to use it).  Do yourself a favor:  DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!

Got my phone yesterday...absolutley love love it. My only problem is I can'tfigure out how to retrieve my info that was saved to my card from my previous phone. I went ahead and manually entered all my contacts, but I really don'twant to lose my saved pics from previous phone. Other than that, user friendly, nice size, and I've. Really loved it so far

The quality of this phone is a big issue. First off it has a lot of issues right off the bat:- it pulls up the gps all the time- it calls voice mail and people in your contacts on its own- If you turn it to sleep to put in a pocket/purse or on the counter it immediately turns back on- It turns itself off- it randomly texts people- it changes the recipient of textsIf these problems weren't enough, as it ages it gets worse! and if you drop it once you're screwed.- before 6 months= standard issues above worsen- at 6/8 months charging port is screwed and only charges from certain positions- at 9/12 months: it takes longer and longer to charge less and less- at 14 months: no matter how long you charge it the battery lasts 10-30 min maxAfter a drop (once from standing height) it no longer shuts properly so:- it auto does speaker phone unless you &#34;argue&#34; with it- it calls/texts people even more frequently- it doesn't go into screensaver mode-ever- it is extremely difficult to get the screen to go vertical

So for the email i received from Amazon for discount phones is just not what it seems. It says "upgrade" when in fact "its tricking you into signing a new contract" said the man at Verizon wireless when i contacted him and asked about Amazon phones. I had to contact him because the when i went to "CHECK FOR UPGRADE" it would NEVER work correctly. Right off the top the man said "NEVER BUY A PHONE THROUGH AMAZON" and went on to say that "ITS A THIRD PARTY AND THE ONLY THING VERIZON. IS THE PHONE ITSELF(same with at&t;, ect.)".  its very misleading and suggest you exercise caution when approaching Amazon to buy any phone. So the Phone may be all good and wonderful but the "plan" is not.Shady at best,Tony

Even using the keyboard lock button it continues to unlock and dials e-mail etc, in my wife's pocketbook.  Pick it up to use it and again it dials e-mail or something else you did not want to have happen.  We've had several different phones and never saw anything like this before.  Reading reviews this is normal for this phone.  I would recommend this phone to my worst enemy but not to anyone else.

When I first bought this phone, it was a great alternative to a smart phone with a data package requirement.  After about two months, the calendar reminders and alarm clock stopped working.  Then the phone started randomly turning itself off.  As I found out, there is a known problem with an entire batch of these phones.  I am hoping that my replacement is going to be from the same batch.Bottom line - if you want a phone that is similar to a smart phone, without the added costs, this would be a good phone to buy, if you get one that isn't defective.However - had I known about the potential to receive a defective phone before I bought it, I wouldn't have taken the chance.

I have had this phone for a few months now and it is amazing I use it all the time and only have to charge it twice a week it charges fast and has an amazing battery life. sometimes when I go to send pictures it will tell me my memory is full even after deleting all texts but it only happens occasionly. I love this phone the volume is perfect the keyboard is just right. yeah some people dont like that you cant set a picture backround but you can set a picture as your lock screen. I recomend this phone %100

I bought this phone because I did not need any extras except the email option. I only use that on occasion. Verizon seems to be headed for $30.00 and higher data plans for all their phones in the near future. Why did I give this a 5 star rating? Bingo!! It only cost me a penny! Thanks Amazon! Saved me $99.00 (cost at Verizon store.)

The phone itself works good but the touch screen is way to sensitive.  If I dial voice mail one more time without touching anything I will scream.  I guess you must use the lock screen button even when just holding the phone in your hand.  Verizon must be making a bundle on wasted minutes because of dialing voicemail without even trying.

The phone conceptually is good - key pad and 1.3Meg camera, no data plan needed. That's why I bought it.Have become frustrated in daily use-1. Perimeter buttons of phone are over-sensitive. If I switch hands, I'm likely to hit a button and end up switching to the second line no longer hearing the person on the first line. Or I disconnect the call entirely. And my hands aren't big! If I use an earphone and bend over, I will often disconnect the call. Sadly, people I call regularly have come to expect something to happen during the call. I can lock the phone, and as I put it in my pocket, my fingers will somehow unlock the phone which leads to:2. I pocket dial regularly - usually, it will call the last number dialed - without my knowing it. My friends and girlfriend have enjoyed overhearing my conversations. After a call I'll key dial voicemail and quickly hang up so that if it does auto dial, it will only bother voicemail. (Why is this necessary?)3. The alarms will randomly turn off. If you were using it to wake up or remind you of an important appointment, it's a dice roll or it plain doesn't work. I've seen others complain online about this design flaw, so it's not just my unit.4. It has a limited number of calendar events. I might have twenty events in a month and go to add a third event in a day and it blocks it saying "the maximum number of events has been exceeded." I have not been able to find a solution or instructions for this, which limits the phone's utility and renders it impractical as a personal calendar.5. Auto brightness doesn't work. It's too bright in the dark if your eyes are trying to get accustomed to the screen and too dark outside so you cant read the screen. It's hard to switch to manual brightness control if you cant see the icons in the daylight. You have to get in a shaded area to manually change the brightness.6. The texting program has a number of design flaws. There's no way to key to jump to the beginning or end of the line (e.g. function + -> ). Also, if you do a linefeed to start a new paragraph, it defaults to a lower case letter rather than a capital. Also the Function and Caps keys don't always switch off, so if you hit an apostrophe, the next key, too often, appears as another special character instead of the desired letter (this may be me, but it happens a lot).On the plus side, the phone sound is clear and I usually hang on to the signal if the phone doesn't act up.Conclusion:If you research the phone a lot of these complaints are design flaws and Samsung has not come up with fixes since the phone came out years ago. Verizon won't allow me to turn the phone in and get a replacement. If I could, I'd do it today. So, I'll have to wait until the contract is done. As a concept it should be great. In real use, it's terribly flawed. Look elsewhere.

Samsung has been on a roll in recent years with their Galaxy line of Smartphones and tablets and now they have a really nice basic phone option for value conscious buyers. Here is what you need to know:+3.1 inch touch screen - something that so many basic phones don't have.+Slide out keyboard - not a "real" QWERTY like the Droid 4, but a very nice one and great for texting.+Software that let's you share to social media with a single touch - a vast improvement over other basic phones!+3.2 MP camera - low res compared to the 8 MP Smartphones out there, but top notch for basic phones. Can also capture video but it is low res.+Expandable memory up to 32 GB SD - nice for picture takers, but a 4 GB is more than enough for a basic phone. Comes with 256 MB flash and 128 MB RAM.+Opera Mini browser - so much better than the standard BREW / Verizon browser on basic phones. Closer to the real thing.+Audio player plays MP3, AAC, AAC+, M4A, WMA and other types of audio files - if you want an inexpensive player this is a good one. With the expandable memory up to 32 GB, you can play a ton of music here without the iPod price.+EVDO 3G radio (with CDMA 1x RTT backup) means pretty good speed for browsing and downloading (has access to VCAST/ Verizon Apps, including VZNavigator). It isn't 4G but 4G would be wasted on this phone anyway.Bottom line: the price is right - this is a very smart priced full feature basic phone - and the features are more than enough for a basic phone. It fills the niche of Smartphone-like basic phone desiring owners. I like it.

I'm new to cell phones having only used a TracFone in the past. A touch screen was important to me but I had no use for texting, e-mail, Web surfing ect. All I wanted was a basic phone to talk on. At first, the Brightside was frustrating. It ALWAYS came on in my pocket and dialed voice mail several times a day because a gentle touch would set it off. Then I found a hard rubber texturized case for less than $3.00 on Amazon and all is well. The buttons are slightly recessed within the case which solved the problems. The phone is simple, meets my needs, and I love the touch capabilities. With little experience with cell phones, I wasn't sure how many stars to give this product. Three just seemed right to me.

Hands down, this is the worst phone I've ever owned. The touch screen is an absolute joke. Sometimes, it registers a "touch' while sitting idle on a table. Other times, I might be poking at something repeatedly on the screen with no response. Once, the phone erased all of my text messages while sitting in my pocket. The other day, I used the hands-free dialing feature and said "Call Marco Home" slowly and clearly. The phone responded "Did you say send a text message to Jeff?" I can't think of two phrases that are further apart!I have taken it to the Verizon store, but they said everything was normal. I can't wait for my 2-years to be up so I can get something else...it's really, really bad.

We are so disappointed with this.As noted in other reviews, the touch screen is ridiculously sensitive, opening apps and even answering a call before you've even got hold of the phone. The side buttons can get accidentally touched and, again, you've answered a call or changed settings before you even know it's happened. We've had terrible echo issues, especially when calling another Brightside phone. And the phone has a terrible tendency to just hang itself up in the middle of a call - and this when it's being used through a car's bluetooth system, so it's not even being touched. The answer buttons are not intuitive at all, so after 4 months I still can't always remember which button to push to answer a call, so I end up hanging up on the call before I've even answered it.Summary: not recommended. Pick a different phone. I can't believe I'm going to be stuck with this for another 20+ months because of my lovely Verizon contract. Ugh.UPDATE January 2013.Still really dislike the phone. The echo problem has mostly gone away, but not always. It still turns off at random times and drops calls and is ridiculously sensitive, unlocking itself when you're unaware of it and it starts dialing.BEWARE.

I had this phone for over a year and Since I just wrote a long and scathing review on the Verizon site I'm not sure I can remember it all- 10 things are wrong with it: 1.menu options suck - list or grid; orange or green. 2. memory card doesn't read well in that it keeps saying it's full when it isn't 3. turns off on it's own (same with intensity II but 8 months earlier with this phone) 4.ringtone is not capable of being bluetoothed or put on SD card; one has to RECORD it with the voice recorder into "sounds to MAYBE get it to work! 5. Alarm NEVER worked. 6. Calendar NEVER worked. 7. The messages DESPITE showing up in bubble format when I first got the phone - turned into an order received system instead of conversation based system so it was difficult to keep track of conversations.8. Received pictures have a white frame around them making them hard to see  since they don't take up the full screen! 9. Apps weren't usable except Tetris. 10.The few times I wanted/ needed to use the internet it was completely useless because the touchscreen sucked  11. RANDOMLY HANGS UP ON PEOPLE IF YOU PICK UP THE CALL THEN UNPLUG ITThis was a HORRID phone - like only second to the Samsung Reclaim I had with sprint which I happily saw runned over by a car  (even though it wasn't intended!) I am happy back with my Intensity II for now (although I miss my memory SD card and still hate the turning off thing) and I doubt me or my husband will be getting another Samsung since his Marauder hasn't fared much better in the 6 months we've had it!

To read the specs, you'd think the Samsung Brightside would be perfect for someone who wants something a little nicer than a standard flip phone, but doesn't want to spring for a smartphone. This phone has a customizable menu and a touchscreen. It's small enough that it fits easily into a pocket. It even sports a slide out QWERTY keyboard.That's all well and good, but the fundamental point of owning a phone is to make and receive calls. I got distortion on my end, and callers often told me my voice was cutting out when I tried to make calls inside my house. From the same location, I have no problems using a Samsung Omnia II smartphone or two different brands of flip-phones.Since I don't want to walk outside every time I make or receive a call, I returned the Samsung Brightside to my local Verizon store.

I bought three of these phones for my family back in the summer when it was time to upgrade. I wanted a feature phone because I don't want to pay extra for a data plan. At the time this looked like the best deal. Big mistake! The touch screen is way too sensitive and seems to have a mind of its own. (By the way I have an android tablet and love it, so I'm used to a touch screen. )Functions start themselves and it makes calls even when I don't touch it. Calls are dropped constantly. After a couple of months all my alarms ceased to function. I discovered the only way to fix them was to delete them all and all events in my calendar. Then I recreated the alarms. They work now, but I stopped using the calendar because it conflicts with the daily alarms. Customization is ok, but limited. A number of functions were better on my old flip phone. I gave it two stars because I do like the keyboard, which isn't to say that couldn't be found on another phone. I would change phones, but with my Verizon contract I have to pay full price plus a $30 activation fee and we have three of these things.  Looks like I'm stuck for another year and a half.

This really is a perfect phone for me! I cannot figure out where all these negative reviews came from. The touch screen is perfectly responsive, and I like using both the slide out keyboard as well as the onscreen entry. You can set it to stay at a T9 entry mode and it is easy to select the particular letters you need. It is really nice to be able to customize the buttons on the main screen, and the camera is great! Nice clear pictures with good color. The lock button is really nice--I haven't had any issues of having the phone pocket dial anyone; once it is locked, it stays locked for me. I love this phone! No problems whatsoever with this phone.

I absolutely love everything about this phone! Buy this phone and you won't be dissapointed...I promise! I love it! I bought it about a month ago, and I have never looked back since then!!!!!(:

This was the best choice for me, a person wanting to upgrade to a better phone without paying for a data plan.

****update 2/17/2013***********Still have my Brightside and yes it is still great and performing well! Getting ready to upgrade another family member to the Brightside. I am glad that I am being true to myself and household. So several months later and yes I am still happy with the Brightside. It really is a great choice.I needed a new phone. I have been looking for a good basic phone for myself (adult) mother of more than four children and wife. I really really wanted a smart phone and while shopping for a new phone became so tempted to go with a smart phone because right now Verizon is giving away the I phone 4 for free plus $30.00 data package. The Samson Galaxy Steller is also going for $50.00 plus $30.00 data package and 2 year contract.I was so close to signing up for one of the smart phones. But then I had to remember to be true to myself, live below our means, Live like no one else so that later we can live like no one else. With that said. We have a total of five phones on a family plan and we do not go over our minutes. My husband has a Droid, and the way for our family to all have a phone we have to make sure the rest of us stick to the basic phones so that our monthly bill remains below $200.00 after taxes. While going over my options, I stayed true to myself and purchased this phone for a penny and our bill will only increase by ten dollars a month. We can all still have phones and afford to pay the phone bill.The Bright side is a very nice phone. I am very happy with this phone. This phone has a lot to offer and is user friendly. I read though the reviews on Amazon and other websites. I also watched Youtube reviews of this phone before I made my selection.I went with this phone because I did not want an additional data package at thirty dollars which means an additional $360 a year. The only reason my husband has a smart phone is because of the type of job he has. Other than that he would also have a bright side phone.So far no problems with this phone, I was Leary of the phone because of all the bad reviews. So I did my research and even went by Verizon so that I could touch and see the phone in person. Once I saw the phone and held the phone in my hands I knew I had to have the bright side, I knew that phone would work for me. I also went over all the other options of getting a smart phone and the cost. I could not justify my WANT for a smart phone at this time. I try my best to plan ahead before leaving the house and don't need internet on the go at this time. I have all the places that I frequent in my contact list so that I can call ahead if needed. If I need movie times, I can call ahead or check the internet at home before I leave. If I needed to go out to eat I have the places I like to eat in my contacts so I can call them if needed.If I needed to price match something, I shop around before hand and can go to the store and make the price match. Some stores will look up the item on the internet anyway so that they can price match the item. We receive the newspaper so I can take the ad to the store with me.So at this time for our household the bright side was the right choice for our household. Our children like the bright side as well. I could not have asked for a better phone. I switched to the Bright side from my Env 3, which I so liked.The bright side has a bigger screen, key pad, nice ring tones, very nice speaker phone, very clear  voice during conversation. All I really need a phone for is to make calls and text. I am not into all the games, social media, etc. I check email before I leave and once I return home. If anyone really needs me they will call or text instead of sending an email. I don't need to check any social media during the day.We have cut down on so many cost, including cable, no need for cable, we use Roku, Revue (Google TV ) to stream Netflix. We receive over 60 local channels though our digital box and Mohu Antenna. Items purchased here on Amazon. We have a richer life and can watch T.V. when we want and talk on the Cell phones at an affordable price. We also only pay $29.00 a year for our home phone. We use Nettalk for our home service.So with that said, be true to yourself, for us everyone in our house hold does not need a smart phone, sure we all want one. But we must love people and not things. We have to be wise stewards and then we can live like no one else.Also when I purchased this phone, there was a lady next to me purchasing smart phones, her total was $773.00 at first and then the more she purchased her final total was over a thousand dollars for phones and accessories.. You know the sales person that was helping me checked me out at a different location in the store because they had a line and of course they did not want anyone to see the amount of my bill which was a penny.I walked out proud and was able to show our children, to buy what you need not what you want. To not follow the herd, to have discipline when it comes to impulse shopping. I do not want to be sticker shocked later when the bill comes for cell phone service. We want to vacation, eat out when we want, (we eat at home more), we want to ensure we have money to maintain our garden, to go to the movies when we want to treat our selves out.If you are looking for a great phone without the data package this phone is it! Also I was out with my mother who has an I phone, she needed to look something up and could not use her phone on the 3g wifi because everyone in the area had their wifi locked, you would need the password. So she had to switch over to an alternative way to use the internet on her phone and she told me that if she did not have the unlimited, it would cost so much to use the internet the alternative way. I also have a co worker who told me that she consistently has to pay for the overage, of her sons usage of the data package. So do the math for your household, do your research for your household and your spending plan. If you do not want to pay the data package this is a great alternative to the smart phone. If you have one data package in your household and want another phone that is nice, this is a nice option.Enjoy your bright side, we sure are! Be good stewards, love people and not things!

I tend to drop things, and this phone is STURDY! I dropped it 6 times. Yes, I counted. The features are very fun, and like a smartphone, but with out the extra prices!

Do yourself a favor and do NOT purchase this phone. Despitelocking the phone after each use it launched programs simply by placingit in my pocket.It would also turn itself on and off because the side buttons are ultra sensitiveand again would launch themselves while in my pocket.I returned the phone and activated my old phone while I research anotherbasic phone choice.

I have had the phone for about a month now, and it has been wonderful for me! My only minor complains is that sometimes (it has happened for me once or twice) it will randomly turn itself off on the lock screen. My only other complaint is the low battery sound is completely loud, even when the phone is on silent. It also still makes the low battery beep after the phone has shut off because of low battery. I had mine with me in school and the only way I could get it to shut up was to take the battery out. I had a LG Octane before this phone, and they are very comparible in quality!

wonderful phone.I just got the Samsung Bright-side and i love it.With it being a touchscreen and it opens gives me the best of both worlds. I have heard of people having troubles with banners and online backups, my advice would be to get rid of your internet and block it.If you dont use it and dont want the banners then, without the internet you wont have the problems.Without the internet the phone runs quickly and smoothly.If you have problems with your battery( i have not had troubles ) turn off your vibrate it saves the battery! While this phone doesn't have an actual Background for your home screen, your screen savor is your picture that you choose. I went in to upgrade for it and i went to radioshack and i only had to pay 50$ while i have heard other people paying up to 115 for an upgrade.I did have a smartphone but wanted to downgrade because i already have internet and dont use my phone for that but wanted a phone that has similar features and can get internet if i ever changed my mind.I have seen some bad reviews for this phone but mostly it comes from people who do not know how to run their phone or went into this phone for the wrong reason. All bad reviews aside this gets a 5 star from me for a wonderful basic phone for all of those who want a nice phone without internet.It isn't as fast as a smart phone but without the internet it is still unbelievably fast. If you want a smart phone get a smart phone, this isn't one but damn if it isn't as close as it can be to one while saving the internet bill and giving you good features. I got it on 4/21/13.Pros: Cheap,Quick, Easy access to most features,Touchscreen and slide open, doesn't need internet but can if you want, durable, can have memory card, good camera, if you have internet it can go between devices.Wonderful phone!Cons: main screen has to be the quick clicks( but can be arranged and changed), pictures load slow but you get used to it, not as fast as a smart phone.

I FEEL THIS PHONE HAS MANY EXCITING FEATURES FOR A BASIC PHONE. BUT THE BIGGEST COMPLAINT I HAVE IS THE PHONE APPS ARE WAY TOOOOOOOOOO SENSITIVE & DOES THINGS THAT I DID NOT EVEN TOUCH ON THE PHONE. IT ESPECIALLY CALLS VOICE MAIL WITHOUT TOUCHING THAT APP.  IT SEEMS THAT OTHER PEOPLE HAVE THE SAME PROBLEM.  I UNFORTUNATELY HAVE TO RETURN THE PHONE.  SAMSUNG, PLEASE ADD A SETTING THAT WOULD ADJUST THE SENSITIVITY.

I use to own LG cell phones...I wanted to give Samsung a shot, (I do like MOST Samung products) I am sorry I went with their cell phone to be honest. With my LG cell phone (Basic) I had AOL Instant Messenger ...Yahoo Instant Messenger and M.S.N Instant messenger AND Skype. The Samsung Brightside offers NOTHING!The touch screen is so very sensitive, that half the time I try to do one thing and end up doing something else and end up getting frustrated and wasting time. Now Im stuck with it...sorry Samsung..Never again

I have been using the flip phones forever but thought I would try a touch screen to get the functions of a smart phone without having to pay for a data plan. Bad idea- at least with this phone. This phone is the worst. Avoid this phone. The touch screen is awful and I hangup on almost every person that calls me. Slow response, not enough settings to try and get the phone to be useful. I am switching back to my old Motorola flip phone after trying to use the Brightside for 6 months.

Screen way to sensitive and it is truly a &#34;dumb phone&#34;.  I would never recommend this phone to anyone.  I can't wait to be able to get rid of it.  As soon as my 180 days is up for Amazon Wireless I will be purchasing a new phone!

I have had this phone for a week now and love it. I got it for my 14 yo daughter also. We easily customized our phones with cases rather than have just a black phone. I got a rubberized one and it doesn't slip so easily out of my hands when opening the qwerty. I researched for a new phone for over a month. I didn't see a lot of positive feedback on this phone until I got here. I don't have a problem with it. Love the screen size and pics it takes. The keys on the qwerty are bigger and work better with my hands. I don't want a data plan and it is hard these days to find a phone without and get a touch screen. Battery life is great.

Nearly as capable as a smart phone with Samsung's proprietary OS. No monthly data fee and great e-mail with push button QWERTY pad for only $5/month.
