
The bottom line is that I disliked this phone so much that I returned it!  I know you're not supposed to say that about Apple products, but read on to see why I think people are largely &#34;drinking the Koolaid&#34; on the iPhone.The Bad:  When I first wanted a smartphone I got a very cheap Droid, which was hard to sync between the Mac home computer I use and my Google email accounts.  Eventually I got it working, but I anticipated that the almighty iPhone would be seamless right out of the box.  It wasn't -- with the iPhone I had all the same troubles going back to the Google accounts that I had had with the Droid going to the Apple products the first time around.  Not fun.I also didn't like that there is NO app available to back SMS text messages up to your Gmail or other email account the way there is for Android phones (SMS Backup+).  In the event of a phone change, and god forbid you do not want another iProduct, you will lose all of those conversations.I couldn't organize the screens the way I wanted them.I missed having my contacts' pictures show up next to text messages and in my phone address book.  (It's the little things, but still!)The &#34;back&#34; menus will probably frustrate former Droid users, as sometimes you have to use the actual butto at the bottom of the phone to go back to the Home screen, but sometimes you want the real &#34;back&#34; button on the screen which is usually (but not always) located at the top.  This is counterintuitive and annoying.The Good:  The camera worked well, the screen was beautiful and the sound was good.  Size is great compared to the other expensive Android models which are a bit like holding an entire computer up to your head.  Also, there are no rights issues with older iTunes purchases which I have yet to resolve on my new Android.The Verdict:  Overall I was disappointed in the operating system I think largely because the iPhone is supposed to be the gold standard among smartphones and I had heard wonderful, glowing things from so many people who LOOOOVE their iPhones.  However, naysayers come out of the woodwork once they realize that they will have a sympathetic ear in someone who isn't subscribing blindly to the iUniverse, and there are a fair number of people who prefer the Droids.  To me the final factor may be how computer-savvy you are going in, and how much time you want to put into learning about your phone and all the different service providers and programs that will, in theory at least, work together to get it to do what you want it to do.  If you're willing to take the time, you might eventually prefer an Android.  If not, the iPhone is definitely not as simple as I thought it would be but I would still recommend it for anyone who doesn't have the technological know-how or desire to play detective in order to get things set up.I will add that when combined with trying to find the right cellular service provider (Verizon has NONEXISTANT customer service and everything requires several phone calls as well as hours on hold to get anything done, AT&T; has less signal strength in my area and I couldn't get usable data to with T-Mobile through Straight Talk), buying a new phone and a smartphone in particular has been one of THE most frustrating experiences of my life.  Once I get my current phone working (a Samsung Galaxy S3), I plan to keep it forever and to never, ever, ever make any changes to my &#34;system&#34; again!  What an exercise in futility this has been!

the owner did not think it was relevant to make it clear that the iphone he/she was selling was, in fact broken and the screen would not even turn on. I even took the phone to best buy and had them examine it and was told that it was beyond repair. Therefore, I paid $250.00 for an irriparable iphone. I contacted the seller to see if I could get my money back and was told that he/she did not provide refunds but offered to sell me a screen for the broken iphone that I purchased, (this would not have fixed the iphone and the owner was just trying to scam me further.) I am obviously not happy with my purchase and would advise anyone else against purchasing from this seller; he/she is a scam artist and fooled me.

It is great, Brand new phone as I expected. Arrive in time. The transaction was flawless! The seller even contact me during the shipment. Now it is on my hand, I will say it is a quite literally very good product and customer-service I could ever hope for. Will deal business with the seller next time. Hope you have good business! "

We'll the company that shipped the phone either messed up with fedex or FedEx messed up either way I didn't get the phone when I was supposed to but that isn't what bothered me per se, what bothered me is when I was activating the supposed new phone I found out through verizon that the phone had two previous  owners...I contacted the company that is the go between with amazon and they blew me off.  In the end they just beat me through attrition.

After going from an iPhone 4 to a Samsung Galaxy 4, I decided within 6 months to go back to an iPhone.  Apple really knows how to do it right and I will continue to be an iPhone fan.

the product is very newly,i very like it ,i think it is a good product,it can become my best phone

I bought an iPhone off you for $360 and it turns out it was deffective... I tried to get my money back but you refused to give it to me, everyone take it from my don't buy anything from this scumbag.

I am in love with this Iphone, I cannot get enough of it. I already got it connected :)! loveeee

I decided to stop being over charged for my Verizon service, and went with prepaid. This phone came as described and on time. It worked perfect and I had no issues activating with Verizon prepaid service. I would recommend going with prepaid to anyone. For $45 a month, I get unlimited service, and 1g data free a month for having auto pay! No signal issues. Great seller by the way :)

This is a great product and am very happy with my purchase. My husband also has this phone and with both have nothing bad to say about it.

Phone works great and just as promised on the discription, the only problem was I paid extra for 2 day shipping and it actually took a week but other then the wait everything came as expected

I needed a new phone becuase I broke my other one. So I selected a new Iphone. I got this phone in the mail and everything on it works fine and runs like it should. As for the charger I got, It was a used charger and didnt work at charging my iphone. I contacted customer service and they told me to contact Apple. I contacted apple then went back to the seller to try and get my AC charger replaced or have them send me a new one. Niether has happened.  Very disappointed in the customer who is selling this product. Bottom line is phone is great seller is terrible.

Just love it, wonder what took me so long. Had to buy a book about &#34;how to&#34;  and will learn Siri soon. Great product

In great shape for a used phone, works just fine.

Going from an android to and iPhone there's much of a difference. I like the iPhone more, the only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because the screen cracks quickly. I've had the phone for 2 months and my screen is already cracked.

This phone still had a passcode on it, and I did not have the number to unlock it.  Luckily, I ended up trading it in at Verizon, so it didn't matter.

It's not new, like they say, and I didn't receive the phone and the other acessories - if you want a new IPhone, don't buy wih them.

Since I bought this as a used iphone I assumed the condition of the phone may not be the greatest but I was surprised. It was packaged in the original Apple box with the headphones, charger and USB cord. The phone needed charging before turning on but after that the Apple software walked you through the setup easily. Currently I have no issue with this phone. I use it on the Verizon prepaid plan since the iphone 5 & 5s are 4G phones and are not compatible with the prepaid account. However, right now I am satisfied.

Wife had a basic phone, and wanted to upgrade to what the rest of family  had (iPhones)... Wasn't due for upgrade for another year, so we went this route...I emailed the dealer regarding the condition, and if verizon was not able to activate the phone ,was I able to return (yes I could)...  Phone is in excellent condition, and within 20 minutes verizon had it activated and on line ...no problems, shipped quickly, and would go this route again if needed

Grandaughter bought this new iPhone 4s because she lost hers.  She loves it.

this phone was great my son was the one to purchase this phone , I would recommend to friends and family!

Great phone-the screen was scratch free and it is working perfectly. Service was excellent and cases sent with phone were much appreciated

the two white 4s marked used-good, is accept, little scratch on the front and back side, visible knock on the corner

I bought an Iphone 4s and can not talk on it because the mic does not work!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is the way the phone came.

Just like the advertisement said, but the "free" case was pink... Seriously? Battery also seems shorter than typical even for an iPhone.

exelente muy bueno el telefono

He recibido el iphone bloqueado, adem&aacute;s la caja indica 16gb y la etiqueta del iphone  indica 32gb. La pantalla se aprecia q es usada. En resumen tel&eacute;fono bloqueado y usado.I received the iphone locked, but also the box indicates 16gb and the label or dtiker on iphone indicates 32gb. Besides the screen ir display have mark as is used. In summary the phone os locked, altered and used.

I received exactly what was promised, and in a timely manner. Recommend amazon to anyone.  Will actually be purchasing another in the next couple of months.

I owned a smartphone prior to the iPhone.  It was way more user friendly.  The apps were more user friendly and all my music downloads and ring tones were free.  The only thing I like better on my iPhone is the camera however I think the process to upload my photos is more difficult on the iPhone.  I had thought face time would be nice but found out I could use an app with my smart phone that is free for face time.

This company was truly on the roll. The phone looked brand new. The order was at my door in about 3 days. They also responded to my questions right away before I made the purchase and that made me fill even better about ordering from this company. I up the phone will function as well as this companies service. :)

very bad ,hull serious badly,sim locked ,no use,it need me waste much money for unlocking but verzion no supporting for unlocking ,sadly............

Phone was supposed to be new.Battery will only charge if phone is completely powered off and then it takes about 8 hours or more to charge to 75% or so. Clearly not functional for many people to have to leave their phone off 1/3 of the day. Don't know how long a time it might be before before I plug it in to find  it won't charge at all.Would not be so angry if it had not been presented as brand new. I could have taken my chances and bought a used or refurbished one for a much lower price that might have actually worked properly. Also angry about the amount of time I am going to have to spend trying to deal with this issue again, as like most people, I need a working phone, and this one is obviously defective.It appears from the reviews I am not the only one who has been cheated by this particular seller.Pretty pathetic way to make money I would say.

My daughter begged and begged for this phone and we finally decided after much shopping to get this one.  She has been totally happy with it.

Shipped on time, in great condition. Note that with Verizon, you cannot change carriers after you activate it, so if you weren't planning on going with Verizon choose a different phone with the carrier you want to stick with. Otherwise great option if your looking into iPhones!

The phone was great and nice my daughter was happy..I was thinking to order another set..specially arrived on time, but much better if more earlier.

wifi is bad,wifi grayed out, I can not use this feature phone,I was very disappointed with the 4s.How can I do it

i dislike because they sold an broken phone to me and this phone is locked on the verizon so it cant use other sim cards

You can get one a lot cheaper but it came in really great condition just one speck on the screen with the led but I love it !!

I was very unsatisfied with this product when I received it.  It was not a 4S at all, as advertised.  I was purchasing this from a private party though.  I was however very pleased with Amazon with their rapid response to my complaint.  I notified Amazon as soon I received this product and they refunded my money.

Had to replace my daughter's lost/stolen iPhone 5.  Looked for a 4s due to cost.  This phone was slightly more than the other 4s's on Amazon, but the description indicated it was in very good shape.  It arrived on time and was in excellent condition with all accessories.  Hated having to buy another iphone, but very pleased with this seller and the whole transaction.

No sound on phone

There's nothing wrong with it and the shipping was super fast, but the only thing is that the buttons are kind of sticky.. Still the best phone ever!

Highly recommended, fortunately in the current day and age we have a wide selection or smartphone that we can choose from. anywhere from cellphones that replace all of your digital device to just simple phones used for the basic function of making phones calls, yet not all of them work properly and all the time. after trying a variety comparable cellular devices i have settled on the Iphone 4S 16g version from Verizon wireless. key point is: It actually works (I know, surprising ). I have owned this device for approximately a month now and had no issues whatsoever. Some of the thing i like about the device would include: this phone is very fast, almost instant application loading and seamless functionality. Amazing display, all the colors are very vibrant and its just a pleasure to look at even Seamless functionality, the phone functions great and without any problems. amazing selection for applications and games. Some of the things i dislike about the phone: Its battery life could be a little bit better, it does last me a full day unlike some of its counterparts but whenever i heavily use it i need to put it on a charger during the day. Siri (it's person assistant feature) is occasionally unavailable due to the lack of signal or apple server been clogged up. majority of the applications are costly, yes they may be a dollar or two but it all adds up. this product tramples other current products in its category. Highly recommended.

Arrived in excellent condition!!  Functions flawlessly and worked right out of the box for my mother's Christmas gift.  Worth it

Highly recommended from here! Came good as new and no problems. Works perfectly fine and I couldn't enjoy it anymore than I do.

This is an EARLY Xmas gift to my 13 yr old granddaughter, as a replacement for the one she had.  Her old phone did not work properly anymore.  I live in Kansas and she lives in Redwood City, CA...hence I was hopeful that the phone would be as it was described by the Seller.  I have learned that except for getting it on their Verizon plan, my granddaughter is thrilled with her like-new phone.  I am very grateful to the Seller and Customer Service who answered all of my Questions.

I purchased this for my neice because the one I bought for my son at Christmas from this same seller was great!  It arrived just like new in case with charger and shrink wrapped- presented like new.  I was so impressed.  I will purchase from this seller again if needed!

Buena tarde Srs: Por favor necesito ayuda por que compre el tel&eacute;fono paraVenezuela y esta bloqueado ay&uacute;deme mil gracias

After going through several android devices that even broke on me or just didn't have the feel for what I was looking for, I have finally found one that I seem to be pretty satisfied with. The battery life on this thing is amazing. Unlike my other phones that I would have to charge at least once or twice a day, this phone can last me all day before I really need to charge it.

Happybook1 is a trustworthy company .I have bought two iPhone 4S from happybook 1 and I have never had a problem with the phones . What ever Happybook1 sells it will work like it is brand new . Happybook 1 is a outstanding company .

Unfortunately it doesn't stay charged.  It also shuts itself off whenever it feels like it.  We are disappointed with that.

When i received the phone I found that the top button did not click and now i have to use the accessibility feature to turn it off. Also the battery life, even when all apps are closed and screen is shut off, is horrible.

Product arrived on time and looks as good as new, my daughter loves it and I couldn't be happier with the purchase

hello good morning, this is to place you iphone sim card? Thank you atte Ellus hidalgo. for use in Venezuela

On the phone while appearance a scratch and deficiency did not provide the directions, but does not affect the normal use, the price is very affordable.

It's an amazing product and was brand new. No scratches or anything and I was overall happy with it. It also came fast in the mail

It was advertised as a Verizon phone but in reality it was a sprint phone. Completely useless to me considering my provider is Verizon.

Apple is very proprietary. If you can deal with the mass limitations, even between other Apple products, it's a decent smartphone. It is hugely over priced though.

The package had not been handled at all, Everything was accounted for and still wrapped. I love my new phone.

The phone is just as it was described! It even came in two days sooner than expected! Thanks a bunch!

Keep in mind my phone is more like my camera first and phone second. My first smartphone was and is the Apple iPhone 4S and I love it. I'm an iPhonographer who takes lots of photos with my phone and the camera is wonderful, lots of great apps are available for editing your photos. Much more than what is out there for android users. Also makes a great phone too. It is rather fragile so it's best to invest in a good case...the back cracked when I dropped it. But i wouldn't switch to any other type of phone...i'm hooked on the iPhone. Now i'm holding out for the iPhone 6 when it comes out.

My phone was exactly as described, in great condition. It was wrapped securely in bubble wrap and came with everything it was supposed to. And it got to me very quickly. I love my phone and am glad I found one here in such perfect condition and for a great price

Great sale!

I did get USB but not the two pin power adapter. I was not expecting head set, which was not there but the power cord pin is a must.

I purchased the iphone because I am obsessed with instagram!!!! With the iphone I can text,call,play games and even instagram wherever, and whenever. I would recommend the iphone to anyone with kids!! Because it  is an excellent  way to entertain the kids on long car rides, or even when you feel like a nap!!The iphone is an amazing product, even with its extremely high price it is worth it!! I prefer the white iphone instead of the black because it adds color to the iphone!! Right now I have the 16gb but since I have so many games on my phone I would go up to the 32 gb!!!!!I have had a fabulous experience with the iphone. even though I have dropped it so many times it hasn't cracked!! It is so amazing how fast everything loads!! My only dislike with the iphone is that my center button gets really sticky and will stop working. But overall I love the iphone!!!I personally think that the iphone 4s is 10 times better than the 4, Why??? 1: It holds more space, which is very well used!!! 2: The 4s has siri unlike the 4. I use siri a lot because I don't always have the time to look up something.I have been amazed with what the iphone can do!!! I would not change my iphone out for any other phone!! I recommend that you buy the iphone if 1: You have kids!!! 2: You are obsessed with instagram!! 3: If you need something to do!!!

Phone in perfect condition

Its a pretty nice phone, but in my case I couldn't stand it. I bought this iPhone to be a 'backup' if you will. I have the Galaxy S 3, and switching to the iPhone (which isn't even 4G) is a major downgrade.

I am ashamed to say I traded in my iPhone 4S because of the disappointing 3G speeds in my area because that phone was the most stable smartphone I've ever owned. No crashes, easier to use than Android's UI (user interface), and so much more customizable options available. Previously I owned a Motorola Droid Bionic and within the first month, the onscreen keyboard stopped working so I traded that in for an iPhone 4S. I chose the white one and was very pleased with it except for the consistently slow 3G speeds. That is the only problem I've had with Apple's iPhone 4S. I traded in my 4S about 3 months ago for this stupid Droid Razr and I have to say it's like night and day. Ever since the upgrade to ICS on the Razr, the network is noticeably bogged down, slow and my keyboard doesn't function properly once again! I am saving up right now to purchase another iPhone 4S. I would so much rather have that phone than this crappy Android. I'm serious. If you're an Android fan, you should consider switching. iOS is so much more fun and easier to use than ICS. Customer service on Apple's side is much better too. No real complaints on this end! It is well worth the money!

When looking for this phone on other sites, sometimes you don't know what you are getting into. Buying this used iPhone on Amazon was a great experience. 30 day return if you have any issues and the description is exactly what it says. I couldn't be happier.

Amazing coustemer service. Helped my a lot with all my questions.At the end they were able to solve me problem.

perfect screen and back cover , some lightly scratch on metal frame,the net is locked by verizon, I must spend about 80 $ to unlock it,

The phone is in like new condition.  Has a small scratch on the screen that's barely noticeable, but other than that the phone has been very good to me.

Mobile phone is not 100% perfect, have access to trace, yellow spots on the screen.Mobile phone is not 100% perfect, have access to trace, yellow spots on the screen

My first phone, so much to learn!  So disappointed in the battery life!  I literally sent five texts and made a couple phone calls and its dead.  Not at all what I was looking for.  Now today I received 11 voicemails and several text messages, which were days old.  I contacted Verizon and it was determined it was the phone.  I wish I would have found something different now; however, knew nothing about smart phones.

I am very satisfied with it, it, like new&#65292;The mobile phone is a lock&#65292;Can not use other companies do mobile phone card

After not having good luck with the first phone I ordered, I was very happy with this phone.  The phone's condition is just as expected.  Used but in very good condition.

This is my first smart phone and I am learning how to use it. So far I can say that it is easier to store phone numbers  in than a regular phone.

Very unhappy. bought it believing it was new. when it came it didn't work. took it to Verizon and was told it was used. called Amazon and didn't get much satisfaction from them.  phone was returned and charges taken off card.

First of all a cordial greeting I write to notify my troublesome one and dissatisfaction since the telephone that and bought to one of his sellers an iPhone 4s white color of 16g after my patient wait to come defective and without other one is able to acquire already the Venezuelan alone government grants 300 annual dollars not as doing or that it does in this case please it helps

This iPhone 4s worked good, but it looked like refurbished. I bought this for my friend in China, and she liked it very much.

I recieved the phone and it only worked for about a month then it wouldnt ring on the phone text or alarm settings.

Phone is almost pristine condition and works great .  Exactly as it was advertised . Great price and worth it.

I purchased this through Amazon's Warehouse deals. It was as described condition, little wear but looked like new in a case. I found after I had service that the i phone 4s has a glitch with the wi-fi turning grey. It makes the wi-fi unable to be turned on. I contacted apple to see if it just needed an upgrade and they let me know since it was not purchased through them there was nothing they could do. It was a manufacturer issue that would need to be replaced if I wanted wi-fi capabilities. I don't have unlimited data so it will not work for me. I contacted them and they were prompt in resolving my issue and when the phone arrives back they will give me a refund. I will try once more on purchasing the i phone 4s and hope it has working wi-fi.

Very pleased with this product. However it was missing the earphones that were suppose to be included as stated in the ordering information.

I got my phone even sooner than expected! I was very scared to buy something like this used. The only reason I didn't give it 5, was the charger. It came with a short and actually started smoking on the first night I used it. Kinda scary. Just replaced it and everything else works beautifully!

I might have to run a million updates but this is by far the most useful phone I've ever used. I've found Droids to have too many glitches and ultimately a waste of my money. Definitely worth what I paid for, I can use it anywhere with no issues.

my grand chiid lost his phone, this is a replacement.  if he loses this one its on him and he will have to go to work.

I bought this phone used from Amazon Warehouse deals and paid a premium over other vendors because it was sold by Amazon.  Unfortunately, I was unable to activate this phone.  Despite the seller's saying they tested the phone, it was reported lost or stolen to Verizon.  As a result, I had to return it and get another phone.  Lots of time wasted and my son still doesn't have a phone.I am very disappointed.

Absolutely love my iPhone 4S!! I am so impressed with how accurate it was to the dealer's add, it is like brand new and I love Amazon's dependable service!

Got the IPhone on after several weeks, but it was well packed and looks great. Signed up and it worked well,Can't ask for any more than that. Price seemed a little high, but you get what you pay for.

the product was not required because I'm blocked with the telephony company verizon, I try to unlock it but it is very expensive and keep him. now the battery does not work and not to do, I lost my money, please tell me that I can do, if I can still return it. thanks

This is a defective phone advertised under the precept of it being used - VERY good condition.  Advertised as slight water damage causing screen to have minor discoloration on top and bottom, no crack screen ..which we discovered meant in reality that it was severely water damaged, the camera didn't work (very good condition ..not), it had a replacement screen that was not properly connected to give complete visibility (no crack screen ..of course not it was replaced), the screen continuously jumped up and down and evenly went black (which i'm not sure if that is better or worse than the minor discoloration on top and bottom of screen) all within 3 hours of activating the phone.  This phone was in anything but good condition, and dishonest semantics justified dishonest behavior and that is bad business dealing for such (what I thought was) a trustworthy site as Amazon.

I received the iPhone quickly and in GREAT shape.  I could not even tell it was used. I would recommend buying a phone here to anyone and would do it again if I need/want too.

The battery can be used only half an day when listen music or watch movie or play games. If in the standy model, it can be used for one day.

I bought this phone as an unlocked phone but later found upon revving it found out that it was locked with Verizon . I felt cheated because I was not expecting this from Amazon , seller of the phones .

For years, I've been using Android phones. From the T-Mobile My Touch (HTC Glacier) to the Samsung Galaxy II, I enjoyed them but always wanted an iPhone. So recently when my contract was up with T-Mobile (thank God!) I purchased a white 16GB iPhone 4S & I'm loving it!! I was going between the iPhone 5 & the 4S, I talked to several people who knew the iPhone well, basically I was told that by updating the 4S which I did, it's basically the same as the 5, I just don't get the 4G speeds, which honestly I don't feel I need. I even took my 4S back to Verizon to exchange for the 5 & the salesperson talked me out of it! I figure when my time comes to upgrade, the iPhone available then will be amazing! This is perfect for the first time iPhone user, very easy to operate, I love Siri, easy to schedule appointments & find places to eat. I prefer the white because it looks clean & classy, even though I have mine safely encased in a Case Mate Phantom, which is a great case, better than the Otterbox. 16GB is perfect for me because I don't put tons of apps on my phones or store lots of pictures. I will get the 32 or 64GB when I upgrade just to have the extra room. I highly recommend the iPhone 4S 16GB, it's the best investment I've made in a long time, I'm extremely happy I didn't go with the Samsung Galaxy SIII, it's too large for me.

Phone was advertised as &#34;like new&#34;- few scratches, but other than that, like new. The phone's actually screen is all messed up! IT seems like there is some sort of electrical issues that were NOT even mentioned by the seller... Be careful of the seller.

Fantastic phone. Perfect size,fits in pocket. Like the location of charging port. Easy to navigate,and don't need fingerprint to log on. Wish I phone 5 was built like this

I liked the iphone but after one month I found that its one speaker is not working. I was thinking that everything would be fine because when I was shopping on Amazon there was written that we have tested this item and every thing is working fine. There was a scratch on the body also.

As a first time iPhone owner I can't say why this phone is better than another. But I will thus far, i am impressed with my new [to me but used] iPhone 4S. Pictures are great, seems to be a decent speed for running applications. Even the ios7 seems to work good. The only drawback, like most phones, especially used, is the battery life. But overall I enjoy my Verizon Wireless Apple IPhone 4S.

The iPhone 4s is pretty awesome, but it helps if the product wasn't reported lost or stolen when calling to activate it to my phone number.

Good quality. Great service. Shipped on time. Even included a case and screen protector for free.  Would buy again. Thanks!

Despite it being advertised as coming UNLOCKED, the phone was LOCKED on receipt.  So be careful when ordering!!!!!!!!So star rating is a one!

Description stated that phone had no marks on it but there were a few dings and scratches and the phone rattles. However I am a huge apple fan and I love my iPhone.

The phone is in excellent condition.  It came in the original box with all the accessories.  I was able to activate it with Verizon.

When I ordered the phone it gave about a 2 weeks notice on when it might arrive. It arrived before the first day which made me happy. It came with an otter box which wasn't in very good shape but I already ordered another one and it also came with a zagg shield which has been very nice. The phone is overall in great condition just a few minor dings on the side but I was expecting that since it was used. Good experience.

The phone was supposed to be new but it clearly wasn't. The battery is shot and drains itself completely in about an hour. And when I plugged it into the computer there was already someone's name associated with it.

I bought this because seller said like new.  It took 2 weeks to get it.  When it arrived it had all the sellers personal information such as e- mails and pictures on the phone.  The button was cracked and the screen distorted.  It took Verizon 6 hours to reset and activate the phone.  Once activated you could not hear the person you were talking to and the distortion got worse.  I contacted Leo Williams and told him I wanted to return the phone and get my money back.  He asked me to send him the imei number, which I did.  He then told me that was not the phone he sent me and the number was invalid and threatened me with &#34; return fraud&#34;.  At that point I refused to have anymore contact with him and I contacted Amazon, who filed a claim on my behalf.  I sent the phone back and lo and behold, it was the phone he sent me and I got my money back.  Beware of this seller!  I should not have gone through all that.

This iPhone could not be used in the U.S. and was only formatted for use in Asia. DO NOT PURCHASE IT WAS A TOTAL SCAM.

Mi duda es si el telefono es liberado o si funciona con cualquiera operadora desde venezuela? quisiera que me respondieran para poder hacer la compra gracias.

Love apple product! I m anxious looking forward for iPhone 6 next year , my iPhone 4S still  a best  and I also like the new earphone

All good! Item as described - even came with a bonus case. Would have no problem dealing with this trader again.

The seller stated the phone was in good condition and that the phone was being sold with conversion kit and original white cover. It was altered by apple with a green conversion kit. The phone had a few scratches on the edges but most importantly the seller did not state that all pictures taken with the cameras flash on have a green light on them from the conversion kit. Also the original white case was not included.

It worked for a couple weeks and then one of the speakers went out on it. No one can hear me talk on the phone unless I have it on speaker phone. Pain. In. The. Butt. I went from one broken phone to another. Not exactly pleased with that.

I bought this phone for my wife, and she loves it. The Siri voice command feature is great. I have had one for 6 months and we both would highly recommend the iPhone 4S.

Ordered from Mango Wireless in like new condition. Phones came as described. New and in original boxes. Only issue was they put a T-mobile SIM card in one of the phones i ordered which are Verizon. Simple fix just had to remove the card. Contacted the seller but still no response. However I am very pleased with my order and haven't had any other problems since.

I got this iPhone right on time but there were many problems with that. Camera didn't work. All information from previous owner was their. Basically seller didn't clean up the phone and everything such as email contact numbers and etc we're there. I return the item and got my money back.

Love this phone.  Very easy to work with.  would highly recommend.  having the 16g allows more storage on phone for any downloads

I was looking for a NEW Iphone and purchased from KJ Industries because they said they had a new one. When we got the phone it had pictures on it and we weren't able to activate the phone, because Sprint said it was stolen. I contacted Amazon, and they said I had to go through the seller. He did contact me to say that he had to get the phone first before he gave me my 300.00 back. The phone was delivered to his home a few days ago and I have not heard anything yet. I am going to contact them next. I am very disappointed that this is a seller of amazon and he can get away with selling stolen phones.

Phone is in excellent shape physically. Screen has some lighting/image burn issues and battery life is not like new...but then again the phone isn't new so that's to be expected I suppose.

I have used the phone for some days.I love it. Two dins as discribed. No other problems. Thanks a lot!

i bought a replacement phone for my fiancee because her phone was pretty much worthless and i knew she liked iphones - so i got the 4s for a replacement until our next upgrade.  i am really glad i purchased it off of amazon - they sent the phone really fast and it was as described.  i almost thought the phone was brand new because it was in that good of shape.  activating it was easy and now she is good to go with her new phone.  the 4s is a decent phone but the whole buying a used cell phone on amazon was a very smooth and painless process!  would do again if needed.

I bought this phone for my daughter's 15th birthday.  She loves it!  It arrived in pristine condition, we easily activated it at our local Verizon store, and it has been working perfectly ever since.  The seller provided great follow up to our order.  I would absolutely purchase from this seller again.  :)

Bad from the start!  Arrived late, and when it did it literally was crusted with some unknown substance. There were also scratches and strange brown spots at the edge of the case.  Not as advertised. I emailed them about it and they basically called me a liar. I sold the phone to a person in my office at a $50 dollar loss just not have to deal with this company again. He is cleaning the scum off it as I write this. Disgusting.

I had a droid phone and had lots of problems. Verizon swapped it out 3 times and the problems never ceased. Got this phone and love it. No problems, no glitches and have signal. Love it!!

I really love the iphones, but I brought this one used, my mistake and it won't happen again! I could of got a new one for not much more, live and learn

Phone was broken, home button did not work, volume and speaker didn't work. The phone was randomly freeze. It was con

Highly recommend.  Ordered this iPhone and it ended up coming right during an address change, and he was really easy to work with about the shipping.  IPhone arrived in great condition and works great.  I will definitely be recommending Alex to future buyers and will use him anytime i'm caught between upgrades needing a phone.  Thanks for all the hard word

The phone didn't work. I had to go through my insurance to get a new phone that worked and it cost me another $160

Is a phone brand new if there's no plastic around the box? Original screen protector sheets around the phone? A hair in the the box? After I cleaned the fingerprints the phone only worked after I removed and reinserted the SIM card. I love iPhones and couldn't stand being without it so I did not contact the seller. But beware of who your buying from when not directly buying from amazon.

The giftee LOVE's this phone more than her friends 5S.  She had no problem getting this phone activated with Verizon once she took it to a corporate store.  Activation could not be done online and the one Verizon reseller she went to wouldn't touch it.

Had a 5, lost it and replaced with a 4.  Poor choice though cheaper.  Calendar always out of sync for time zone, not user friendly.

This is NOT a Verizon phone.  Totally misrepresented.  Don't bother buying it if you need a Verizon phone.

This iPhone was reconditioned.  It appears new except for minor wear marks from a protective cover. These marks are hidden by the protective cover I put on it.  After four weeks use I am satisfied that it functions like a new iPhone.  It is my first smart phone and it replaces a desk full of addresses, numbers and lists I use to keep organized, and I am still learning new uses almost every day, (app's are wonderful).  This iPhone, and probably all smart phones, are truly amazing.

Phone came in a box with accessories and works great!!!!  I was pleasantly surprised. Was just like new. Would recommend

Delivered as promisedThe phone was exactly as it was advertisedwe were very happy with itNo problems to report

Everything is good and as expected. Nothing wrong with the phone just switched it recently and having a blast downloading new apps with new and improved phone and software that comes with it.

I buy it unlock the phone to find it, but when it is not received Unlocked, I need to pay an additional $ 56 to unlock it.Although it looks very good.

As expected I rode in a white horse drawn chariot, along side me was Elppa. The road littered with decomposing

Very nice phone. It is a good as new and works perfectly.

Phone is not unlocked as sold. Unfortunately as I left for the UK shortly after buying it, I have misssed my return window. Next time I'll set fire to $200 instead. BUYER BEWARE.

There wasn't anything in the description that I saw that said the power button was sticking so I had to spend another $65 dollars to get it fixed, had I known that before I bought it I wouldn't have bought it.

My first time to purchase an iPhone, without going thru Verizon. The seller was most gracious and efficient.  He contacted me first to make sure that I was a Verizon customer, making sure that I was getting a phone that was going to work on my carrier. I was very pleased

This is a great phone and arrived in "like new" condition just as described - no scratches or marks on the phone. Happy customer!

This arrived quickly, in perfect shape and exactly as described.  I have not had any issues with it.  Hooked it up to my plan same day.  Thanks!

Wonderful phone. One of the best phones I have ever had. I would recommend this to all of my friends and family.
