
The I phone 4 in white is what I bought and I Love it !!! It was packed very well and explained even better!!! It also arrived earlier then expected they are prompt and curtious with excellent prices check them out you will not be dissappointed

My one daughters volume buttons do not work properly, meaning they do not adjust the volume and my other daughters phone she has trouble hearing people and they have trouble hearing her.

very happy with the product works amazing well worth the investment and price of the phone flawless thank you very much

Everything is great with this phone (so far) and the seller. I chose expedited shipping and my phone was delivered in 3 days! Only reason why I'm giving 4 stars is because the base of the charger that came with the phone was broken. Luckily I have many charger bases around the house so it's not really a problem. I would definitely buy from this seller again and I love my iPhone....so far. Lol

Don't pay hundreds from this seller. I bought this product reading the condition saying Used but Very Good, and when I received it, the screen was destroyed to where it barely reads my swipes, and I can barely read the screen.  Also they send their phones with a password that they will not give you, so you'll be spending hundreds for a locked destroyed phone. BUY SOMEWHERE ELSE, trust me

In the description it said there were a couple scratches and cracks and when I got it it was practically brand new and much better than I expected. It also came a lot earlier than I thought it would

I was worried about ordering this phone because it was used, but boy was i surprised. The phone came in super fast and looked amazing, no scratches or anything. Love it

It's, okay but the power button was jammed and I tried getting it repaired and did not get fixed. I hope you fix these problems.

it was a good phoen great price just didnt fit my phone company that was the only problem but great product

Phone was in pretty good condition with exception of the microphone not picking up sound very well, as well as the camera being a little blurry. Otherwise I am cry satisfied

I am really enjoying my phone... Thankful for the extra USB cords I was giving. Everything works to fit my satisfaction

This is the best phone I have ever had! I love it and I would greatly recommend this! It has the same software and stuff as iPhone 5. To anyone who has Sprint and is wanting it get it!!!

Works perfectly and met my expectations, expect it did not have an adapter or plug in to charge. Very good.

The screen was replaced already and it cracked way too easy. But other than that I really enjoy having it and it is better than any other phone that I've had.

The phone turned off by itself when I tried to take a photo. It did not turn back on for awhile

very nice, everything as wanted! real and serious person! is the one that I asked for, tks very much! nice making bussiness but I want GSm phone not CDMA! JEJE

We had an HTC 4G that let us have tons of free music and other apps. We must buy iTunes cards to upload music to the phone.

My daughter is ecstatic! She loves this phone. It's in her hand all the time. It's work perfectly! Thank You

Item did not work it was still linked to previous owner making it impossible for me to connect it to my account.

I love my Iphone alot, I haven't experienced any problems activiating it...It came be for the due date. I'm not looking forward to upgrading it. Its just right.

Legit and fast services love it and I love my new iPhone. Real happy with the purchase I can not complain

Tho iPhone works great my girlfriend loves it and I like the fact that she's happy with it. If I need to replace mine I will definitely order again

I have fully explained to avid that nothing happened to the phone at this end, it just DIED with 3/4 charge to the battery. I am not sure at this point if AVID is going to honor the agreement and I am very dissappointed and upser that I put out over $122 and the phone just DIED!!! I hope he comes though but i AM unsure of his intentiontions at this time.I have fully explained that it just DIED due to no problem at this end and he is still asking weird questions that I answered already!!I just want a phone that won't die after 3 weeks!!!

I absoultely love this phone!!! I was an android user for a long time becuase I couldn't afford the expensive iPhones. I wanted the iPhone 5c but I came to the conclusion that an iPhone is an iPhone. I picked the iPhone 4 and I have loved since. The ios7 update works fine and the 8gb memory works well for my needs. I am really happy that I got this phone and I do not regret getting it. The delievery was fast and hooking it up to the Sprint network was very easy. I am a satisfied customer and I recommend this to anyone looking for an iPhone but doesn't want to spend the $500+ for the newer ones.

I was a little concerned because I had never purchased anything from Amazon but when I got te phone a day or so later, I was pleasantly surprised.  It was n it's original packaging and it works great.  No complaints here....

Phone matched description. Shipping was fast. I would definitely recommend. The phone was ready to hook up and easy to use.

I got the phone when she said it would get here and when i pulled the phone out it looked much better than i had expected.some of the reviews i read said that their phone was cracked or broken but mine looked almost new. i will say that there were a couple little scratches on the bottom but it took me a while to even see them, and its a used phone.. what do you expect?i had an overall GREAT experience with this seller!

I purchased this for my daughter because I refused to pay $500 for a new one since she wasn't yet eligible for an upgrade and her charging port was toasted on her android. I, and my daughter, couldn't be happier with the impossible-to-tell-it-isn't-new condition of this iPhone! And the little time it took to receive it. I'll be purchasing another from this seller for my younger daughter. :)

the phone i recieved was black not white like i wanted.. other than that, phone is in good condition and working fine

The team is not released, I will be able practically no use. In this condition the phone does not work, I think that if they have international alcalcen should do in that particular emphasis

I had dropped my phone in the water and needed a phone fast and cheap did my get insurance. .. Really good new and does its job well easy to connect and very happy.

I really liked it ..it's said it had some scratches but when I got it.it had 0 scratches and in perfect condition.

My phone came right away and was just as they described it: brand new in the box, ready to use with charger and headphone chords. Very happy with my purchase.

The iPhone works great and the shipping and communication was top notch. Thank you! Would buy from this seller again!

Thank you so much for the iPhone 4! It's in great condition and I would definitely recommend your company to my family and friends!!!

It worked, and for what I paid for it, I'm satisfied. I haven't had a problem in the few months I've had it.

I had no problems as far as customer service goes, the phone actually arrived a day before the estimated delivery date. The phone came in great condition and I had no problems with activating the phone or downloading apps. After an hour or two I noticed that the phone stopped charging. I tried using several different chargers but figured something was wrong with the USB port after my computer didn't recognize the phone when plugged up. According to companies refund policy they will fix whatever problem is occurring with their phones but I honestly could not afford to be phone-less for another 3-4 business days. Instead I took the phone to Sprint (since I have insurance) where they tech guy switched me out for a different iPhone (i guess they were unable to fix it?). Other than that the iPhone was in great condition but I may be hesitant to buy from this dealer in the future.

Met all expectations helps me with work and hope to see a lot more deals like this from the seller for future purposes.

I will let everyone know how the process goes until I get my Iphone. I ordered a white used iphone 4, 8gb (sprint) for almost $200. Now knowing this is Amazon, I could've easily bought a 16 gp Iphone for the same price. I am hoping that this phone comes out to what I expect it to be. In good condition, and I will edit this once it arrives, but so far it says my package has shipped, I can't track it yet. But I hope to receive my item in the next 7 days. Im hoping it comes in a little early

At first, I was very happy & pleased with this phone, It works great! but, when I took it to the store to be activated & get service, the store told me they could not activate it. They explained to me that you have to have a certain number that is in the iPhone 4 box (which doesnt come with the phone) so i couldnt get it activated. So, this was basically like an iPod 4 or 5. Works good, but better to just buy it from the store.

Was new as described, and had clean Sprint ESN, no problem with activation.  It doesn't have much storage but it's generally enough for me.  Charges quick and has great battery life.

good afternoon, I need to return this phone because I can not use it in my country, or make a change to one that use chip or AT&T would be so kind please contact me to talk about? thanks

It keeps messing up everytime I am on the phone I hear static then I have to turn the phone off then back on.

The phone worked perfectly. Good ESN. It came with all it said it would. I appreciate the free cases, car charger, and mirror screen protector but the earphones and charger was dirty. I didn't understand why they was dirty and everything was supposed to be brand new. But in spite of that I like my phone and the shipping was fast. I ordered my phone Saturday it arrived Wednesday. Shorter than what I expected.

is this cell phone new 100%? and is it unlocked? please answer soon!! i want to buy it now =), it looks verry nice. hope to hear what you say

Thanks for making my daughters Christmas one of the worse ever. I ordered an iPhone assuming it would be open to activate on my account, only to find out this phone was still attached to an existing account. Who knows why it is still active, might be stolen for all I know.  Called multiple times to get this resolved and finally had to return the item.  Not sure how I will my daughter a phone.  WHAT A MESS!!!!

I bought this phone for my wife. Everything works good except the mic. She can receive calls and hear the other person, but they cannot hear her.

I was a little worried with some of the reviews I read. My phone is great, had no problems activating it. It looks great the only thing is just a little scrape in the bottom.

I did not approach TD to deal with the problem of my Apple I-phone purchase (see previous post from 12 26 13: the phone arrived on time, and was as it appeared in the picture, but was not new as I had understood it would be), preferring instead to deal directly with Amazon. Once notified by Amazon that I was unhappy with my purchase and would be returning it, Tablet Dist. contacted me quickly, expressing their disappointment that they had not had a chance to make this right, and offering me a $25 "inconvenience" refund to my credit card because of that. I have upgraded the feedback rating I gave earlier from Fair to Good - for the quick response after notification of a problem.

Cause the phone is not working good I need a new one and I can't do something on it bad

Quisiera saber si este tel&eacute;fono est&aacute; desbloqueado y funciona para Movistar en Venezuela, por favor agradecer&iacute;a la informaci&oacute;n que puedan darme.

This phone has to be brand new, there is not a mark on it and it is packaged in the original packaging with all original contents. Great buy!!!

purchased this iPhone for my daughter as a replacement for her stolen one shipping was fast the price was great phone works great i have nothing bad to say

The phone is ok but I has issues such as touchscreen not working properly , I would not recommend buying a use phone its definitely not worth it. Sacrifice and just buy a new phone

It came like brand new from the store! My daughter was sooo excited. I would of never expected it to be in perfect condition and so easy to set up :)

My daughter saved up baby sitting money for this to replace her broken phone. It came fast and in great condition, however two things went wrong 1) the original description said that there was a Griffin case but none shipped. 2) the phone was a Pay As You Go/Pre-Paid phone. Sprint has two separate systems for phones and WILL NOT activate Pre-paid/Pay As You Go phones on a regular account. I spent an hour on the line with tech support and a subsequent conversation at the Sprint store to try to get it on but they couldn't. So here I am with a phone that was supposed to go to Oklahoma with my minor daughter on her trip with family. She's now on vacation without a phone, no camera, and a $107 less spending money than she could have had. Yay SPRINT and Yay Vuatek!

after about a week or so the lock button keep sticking I would not get this if I was you keep looking elsewhere

This was a gift for my granddaughter. The phone continued overheating.  she took it to a sprint  dealer who was kind enough to replace it since she had insurance on it.  It is now working very well.

This was given as a christmas present to my best friend, and low and behold we called to get it connected to her existing sprint account and this phone is already registered to someone else. How embarrassing ,so i had to go and buy a brand new one from the apple store to save face on christmas. what a nightmare!!!!

Perfect working condition. Love the phone. No complaints at all. There is nothing not to like about the phone. Good.

The product arrived new as advertisedBut was not sprint capable. The wireless companu was very apologetic and made it easy for me to ship back and they sent me a replacement that is sprint ready and brand new. I would definitely buy from them again.

It arrived pretty fast, in good condition. The phone works like new, though the charger/usb wasn't working at all, but I didn't bother the seller. As long as the phone works its all good

I will not recommend this phone because it took forever to go to the main screen. Also, every time I will scroll down or up it decides it wants to send me somewhere else

Phone was in perfect shape brand new. Battery life is great and easy to work for my mom who I gave to as a present. The iphone never disappoints.

i like it, disappointed in the battery i charged it all night and its only half charged but other than that it works good!

good as new! item purchase had everything that a new iphone should have! happy with it, thanks i guess ;)

Well so far it's been working good I appreciate the great service Amazon.com offers; I enjoyed my purchase and I'm continuing to use it effectively. thank you amazon for helping me reunite with a great phone that works for a reasonable price!(:

I based my purchase on the description due to no picture being available. The iPhone works well but, I was disappointed that it has quite some wear to it.

I purchased the iPhone 4 for my backup phone and so my daughter could have the option to FaceTime me when needed. The only problem was the power button does not work and it wasn't listed as a flaw in the description.

I originally bought an iPhone 4 from eBay for my son for Christmas.  When we tried to activate it, we were told the previous owner had not de-activated it and we had to return the phone.  My son found this one on Amazon and we were VERY happy with the purchase!!  It arrived within 2-3 days, was packaged well, was just as it had been described and best of all, when we called to activate it they didn't act like we stole it!!!  Thank you!

If you're moving to New Hampshire, I do recommend using Sprint for cell service.I've been a customer of Sprint's for 13 years and received a threatening letter from them, today, telling me that, (all of sudden) I am using too many roaming minutes on our two phones. I checked the phones and saw that, as I thought, data roaming was not turned on. I called Sprint and was told that although data roaming on iPhones may be turned off, it still uses data roaming and that you have to turn ALL roaming off. Seriously?! We live in the woods and I need my phone. The problem isn't with too much voice roaming, just data, but I can't use voice, either?! Nonsense! This is a problem between Sprint and Apple, not me. Sprint sold me the phones, Sprint sold the plan at this address, and now Sprint is mad because we're using the phones.Screw them, they can go ahead and drop me, I'll go to one of their competitors who are doing a better job than they are, in terms of coverage, anyway.

Not very happy!!!!! I received my iphone in two days which was great but I was not able to activate the phone because it was still attached to another number.  The phone came with a charger and earphones but surprisingly the charger did not work....

Ive Been Wanting An iPhone And I Couldnt Find One That Was Like Brand New. My iPhone Shipped FAST & The Phone Was BRAND NEW With Warranty Clean ESN & All. There Was No Problem Getting It Activated Either Im Happy With My Purchase Oh & It Came In Its Box With Charger & Ear Phones Its Worth Every Penny !!! :)

5 stars because it was rated &#34;good&#34; but I was almost new had the smallest or small little scratches, it works perfect everything was great it came in original packaging, seals shut , and had the instructions manual and ear buds and a charger. I paid 160 without tax and shipping, my only problem was I paid extra for it to be shipped 2 night and I didn't get it for 6 days, my only problem.

When I was searching amazon for Iphone's, this listing came up, but there are many, many sellers listed under this one product page. Then I was faced with... who do I pick? The reviews were mixed and there were bad reviews about some of the sellers of the IPhone.I bought the Iphone 4 from &#34;The Cell Phone Man&#34;( that was their username). I bought it brand new. Then I said a prayer and hoped everything turned out well.My phone was sent out USPS. It made it to me in 4 days and I had to sign for the phone. It was a brand new phone. It took me a few minutes to call Sprint and get everything changed over, but everything worked prefect. I am very happy with the phone and very happy with the seller.

PHONE WAS NOT IN WORKING CONDITION, IT WAS MIS REPRESENTED.. PHONE DID NOT WORK AT ALL, A WASTE OF A LOT OF MONEY AND NOW NO RETURN, BE WARY OF THIRD PARTY SELLERS ON HERE, PHONE DOES NOT AND NEVER DID WORK WHEN IT WAS RECEIVED , HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE AM VERY UPSET

very disappointed that we have had this product for less than 6 months/ and it came very LATE .. was a xmas gift and it no longer works at all.. Apple said it came with water damage and now you cannot even make a call from it. No longer connects to internet. Basically it is junk.

Everything works/looks great! Especially for those who have never had an iPhone before. Service quality is also great, everything sounds great.. no static noises in the background.

I gave it a one star because I was shipped late, I couldn't track it the whole time. I found out he didn't even ship it at all when he said he did. I had to file a claim to get it. When I got it the phone was password protected and still being used on a account and needed to pay Sprint $600 so they couldn't activate the phone for me. Had a awful time buying from this person. Be very careful when doing so!

I loved the Iphone that i received. It came just like it said it would. Everything was hassle free and shipped quick also!

it's a good phone for taking pic, messaging and texting.  Down side is have to log in to download every app.

it was in great condition it was much cheaper to get the phone through you then to get it through insurance and it was just like new.

it is a scam i did not resve it

the phone was DOA, and the seller didn't stand behind it and amazon made sure he got his money.... I buy allot here... and this is the only time I HAD A PROBLEM.... Amazon you should stand up for the buyer.... remember the customer is always right... I will think twice about other purchases like this one. will buy local if I can.... like that computer that been sitting in my cart for a month

It's great phone and works to my expectations. But it's not the company n color I want. AT&T And black

This product arrived on time. I haven't had the phone activated. But this experience was a A+.No problems.

Phone was a replacement for a phone that was stolen. Came fast in the mail and the phone works fine. Will order electronics again if needed. Only when backed by Amazon though. I think this was safer.

I am enjoying the phone, but the battery life doesn't seem to last. Do you have any suggestions? I clear my history regularly. Thank you.

Ordered a white iPhone not a black. The phone was still under someone name who still had payments due so I couldn't use it.

I cannot activate the phone as it was reported lost or stolen.  I am very frustrated as this was a purchase of more than $200.

came in perfect and just like how it expained it to be! thank you so much no problems or complaints at all!

Was a little nervous about buying a phone that wasnt new but it works fine and my daughter loves it. It was easy to change over into her number. Would do it again instead of buying new...

I purchased this phone for my daughter for Christmas.  Went to a Sprint store on the day after Christmas to get the phone activated.  I was told I could not activate it because it had been reported as a stolen phone in the past.  This phone came brand new in the package.  I am upset and want my money back.

Item seemed to arrive later than what I expected. It showed shipped but was never picked up at warehouse or something.  Other than that - phone was immaculate. Battery runs dead quicker than friends with same phone, even after trouble shooting different techniques to make it last longer.  I would trust this seller again.

The phone is great-but it isnt unlocked to go to any carrier-I had to go to sprint...and with a prepaid plan like I wanted, you have to buy a phone! luckily, they have the same phone, and a buy-back program so it worked out. But the phone itself was great,no issues.

works great.  I have enjoyed it and it was as expected.  I am still learning about it.  thanks for the phone

We had ordered phones 3 times, from other sellers and this time was the trick,the phones were new and everything the post represented  they worked wonderful with the service we are using and we will use this seller again in the future if the need arises

This was a very good phone perfect conndition it was a great deal thanks a lot and i am writing this from the iphone right now hahahaha

I chose this rating because the phone works great but the charger didnt work at all and on the discription it said it had a charger but it didnt say anything about it being broke.

the product came at the speed of light. They were fast and the porduct came and fuction as described. I have the pone connected through Sprint with no problem as of now.

Very satisfied, the iphone 4 was good buy at a fair price. I use it daily and I would recommend it.

I purchased this phone brand new, I receive it fast and the next day. It was in the original box still sealed. The phone works great but the charger that came with did not work so I had to go out and buy a new one other than that it was a great phone.

I love this phone. It came almost two weeks late, as they had lost my order, but they took care of it and shipped it overnight. The phone is great condition, working and physically. It has a good battery life, I charge it about once every day and a half. The case deterred the photo quality so I bought a different one. Thanks for a great product!

I've purchased my first iPhone after dealing with a temperamental droid for a year.  I've gone Mac and I will never go back.

this iphone was exactly as described and arrived on time! My daughter loves it and i Didn't have to sign another contract, Win Win!!!!

I bought this Iphone secondhand but cannot use it because I cannot put in a new simcard.The Phone is undamaged.

I wrote a bad review for the phone the first time around because of a mistake on apples end I got a new phone with used esn pretty much from apple not cali wholesale after I found out what happen they sent a new phone out overnite ups

The phone was very clean when I recieved it. Only a few scratches and nicks. I didn't realize it also came with the charger cable, which was really nice. It also had a screen protecter on it as well. The phone works great, I've had no problems yet. Also, I received it on time.

i love the phone, its literally brand new but one thing i did not like was how my power button didnt work but the seller refunded me $40 so that way i can repair it, but other than that really good phone!

I like it because i paid fair enough for it and it works perfectly. there is nothing i hated about this phone.

This phone was an awesome buy for me.  I specifically asked for a Sprint Apple iPhone, and that is exactly what I got.  Working real fine, pretty and easy to handle!  I was pleased with the purchase and especially the price!

the item came not as soon as I expected, but when received it was fine except had  a few flaws here and there registering for my apple id, besides that its ohk :)

When I received my phone my screen was cracked needless to say it wasn't sprint ugh I didn't even attempt to get my money back I knew it would be a damn catch not a good idea

Good for the money, clean ESN, works does the job. My only problem is that the sound is very intermittent. The ringer will work, but no music or videos or anythng with play like its stuck in dock mode. I think the last owner just didn't take care of it very well the charging port inside is very dirty and has debris some of which i cant clean out....just have to deal with it

i would most definatly say if your looking for a cheap yet still in style iphone get this one to start with. worked fine no problems arrived quickly phone was in great shape

my nephew got his iPHONE 4 replaced for his 15th birthdaybecause someone stole his first one .He is a happy camper now.

My daughter is very happy. Phone is in good condition. I am pleased as a parent as well. Paid less.

Phone was delivered on time! Brand new as if I bought it from sprint, in the box wrapped with a new charger! Has been working great since we turned it on. My wife is a happy lady she got a phone again we appreciate it!

This phone came with so many unpaid charges that it is locked and can not be used without paying a large fee.  This fact did not appear in the description of the phone.  Miss leading info by the seller.  I bought this item on good faith and was taken in!

My Mom loved it when i got it for her on Mothers day ! She learned quickly and its just great

I'm obviously a late bloomer, this is my first iPhone. I have to say that after having a glitchy Android phone, I'm very happy with how user friendly this phone is.

I enjoy this phone but I have to already go to an apple store to get the phone speaker fixed other wise I love everything else

the iphone 4 cdma what  buy from you no good to me because I need you change me for iphone 4 GSM. Thanks for your attention and your support ...

This phone scared me at first after reading some of the reviews. However, when the phone came in, it was newly wrapped and completely new. Sprint had no problem activating and I had the new phone working properly in a about 2 minutes. It really was brand new and came with everything it was supposed to (charger and headphones). I will definitely buy again if need be!

i over paid for this phone and I cant charge this phone in my car.I feel I wasted my money.

It works perfectly fine & I recieved my iPhone within 5 days of my order. It works great just that i paid $278 for 8g which is dissapointing because it hasn't been a month and my memory is almost done!

Needed phone ASAP so paid for expedited shipping...called to activate when it arrived and wasn't able to because it's been reported stolen. Now it will take at least another 2 days before I can have a phone. Very disappointing.

the phone wasnt for me it was for my son but he swear by it that is the best phone he ever had.

Good but the home button of the phone have a slight problem as I have to press hard. But surprisingly this order of mine was dilivered very fast we'll before the expected dilivery date thanks again.

Perfect , couldn't even tell it was refurbished !! Such a good buy & definitely worth it . I recommend

You are my hero , I love this phone! It was the best graduation gift I could have ever gotten! Shout out to my boyfriend Jacob Wilson for getting this phone for me!&#60;3

YASSSSSSSSS HUNTY ! this phone is everything! it came to me in bubble wrap and tape lol. i was like please dont be a waste of money. It wasn't. Im not 100% sure what the name of the vendor i bought the phone from but who ever iit was sent me a note saying thank you and if i had any questions or concerns to let them know. I didnt this phone is amazing and im still using actually its laying right next to me.  IF you're wondering ive had this phone for a little over 6 months .

Delivered quickly, looks good, happy customer, I may want to purchase more as gifts for neiva and nephews In very near future

I bought this as a replacement for my stolen 4s.  I'm not sure if it's because it is a refurb, but it is somewhat slow and gets terrible service compared to my 4s.  It was in pretty good physical condition when I got it tho.

I purchased this iphone while I was in the US, when I took it back home with me, I realized it didnt have a sim card holder, and we only use sim cards were im from. I messaged amazon but no reply, so I end up using it only for social networking when I catch wfi.

The phone itself works great,  all buttons work,  But the charger that came with the phone was broken.  Other than that the phone is in great condition and works very very well.  We are pleased with this product.

Loved working with this seller. Very helpful, cooperative and concerned that I was happy and satisfied. Love my new iPhone too!!!

The phone is a nice one, and looks very sleek and modern.  The battery-life is a little shorter than I expected, but everything else exceeded my expectations. The phone is very fast, and it impressed me even though I am a Android fanboy and was quite reluctant on buying this.

It's a good iPhone there are some scratches on the camera and some on the screen plus it didn't come with any accessories but all in all it was a good buy and I would recommend this seeker if your going to buy an iphone

The description on the phone was misleading and the phone came with no charges and full of scratches. Still good but description made it sound as if it looks better. I like the phone I bought a case so the scratches are no visible and I'm using it

I asked for a sprint phone and they sent me an AT&T phone. Completely ruined my surprised. I called and they assured me that even though the box said AT&T the phone was sprint. The phone had sprint on it when turned on but when I took it to the sprint store they said it was not a sprint phone. Long story short ended up cutting my losses and paying for an actual sprint phone at a highly discounted rate. Very frustrated and will not use this supplier again.

I bought this for my daughter's Christmas present & this is what she had to say,&#34;My mom got it from Santa & I LOVE IT!!!&#34;

The phone was in mint conditions. It functions very well. No freezes or glitches. Overall a great buy and well worth the price

I Chose This Rating Because The Phone Was In Good Shape When I Got It. & It Works Good. It's Coo.

it arrived on time and it looked new. there were minor scratches, but it was clearly stated. the only thing is that on/off button recently jammed. Other than that, I'm satisfied
