
So my little bro went and did some stupid things to break his phone, and loved the droid 4 too much to want to upgrade.  Looking for a new one brought me here and the price was easily better than anything else I found.  So I ordered it for him and got it pretty much immediately and in pretty damn good shape.  Everything works on it just fine and he couldn't be happier with the phone.

Phone is great im never failed by motorola devices. The only bad thing is the battery life but the good outweighs the bad stuff about the phone would definiatly reccomend this phone.

PROS: BIG upgrade to my droid 2, way faster, love the OS, camera works, keyboard worksCONS: bought it brand new but came in used, i seen little scratches on the side of the phone. The earphone jack is messed up, i have to mess with my earphone plug just so i can hear the person i am talking to, it messes with my phone speaker after i unplug my earphones my droid 2 never did that.... i probably will never buy a phone online again but i am happy that the phone works i was able to flash it to page plus with no problem what so ever...

I bought this one to replace my old one but I am still having some problems with the new one.

The audio was not working upon delivery without using the speaker phone. This phone was not provided in working order as described.

Phone is like new.  My daughter can't tell the difference.  Came with all manuals and accessories but not the original box.  Works like new and best thing no contract extension so there's  flexibility there and to top it off,  it's the phone she wanted! !!!

Motorola basically took everything convenient about a qwerty keyboard and threw it out the window. It only gives you maybe a fifth of the usual symbol options and to even use those you need 3 hands. It has the usual shift option but has zero capability for locking it in. So you have to hold it down to use any symbols. This wouldn't be as much of a problem if they put a shift key on both sides of the keyboard but they didn't. Therefore you have to hold the shift button down then reach over your hand with the other hand to type an explanation point.The back light is random and inconsistent so sometimes you'll be in the dark and be forced to use touch screen because your keyboard just doesn't feel like turning on, then other times it could be high noon, bright and sunny, and your phone is just in the mood to waste your battery by keeping the back light on permanently. The voice activation button is also useless. With every other phone I've had, if you push the button it will act within the program I have open. For instance if I'm txting but I don't have two hands ill simply use voice activation to txt, or if I'm using navigation and I'm driving then I'll use it to enter the address I'm looking for. With the Droid 4, you push the voice command button and it will google what you say. No matter what. Doesn't matter that you're currently txting, or trying to enter an address while driving, if you use voice command it will google it, ignoring whatever action you currently have open. Basically this phone has taken every single simple thing and made it as complicated as possible. Even something as simple as rearranging my favorite contacts has been made into this convoluted endeavor. I've had this phone for 36 hours and I want to throw it out the window!

Read and trust the other bad reviews.  This is a decent phone, but the battery life is a significant problem.  After 22 months mine lasts 5 hours without use, with use, only about 2.  If you use your phone, you should look elsewhere.  It is just not worth the price.

The phone was as advertised, good condition, but the keypad had some of the letters scratched off. Also, something was wrong with the charging or the battery so the phone had to be charged frequently for Hours. Still haven't figured out exactly what's wrong.

I have always been a fan of physical keyboards and this one is awesome.  I am also grandfathered into an unlimited data plan with verison, so the price for this technology cant be beat.  I got exactly what I paid for.  A new phone, at a good price.  If you are looking for the cutting edge phone and cant live without your &#34;top of the line&#34; products, this phone is simply not for you.  Its old.  But if you are also grandfathered into a good plan and do not want to have to renew your contract, I would suggest this phone.

Love my droid 4. Amazon.com was a great place to find whatI wanted at a great pricee. Plus,many accessories to go with it.

Before this i had the Droid 2. The keyboard on the Droid 4 is far better. The row for number keys are and the feel while typing made it so. I mainly use it for data and rarely for SMS and voice. With this its perfect. One thing I find unpleasant is the slowness in changing from portrait to landscape. There is a delay compared to an experience on the iphone.

Received on timeas discribedlooks newworks like neweasy to use keyboardscreen is not too large just the right size

at first I was a little disappointed because the phone was a little beat up, but it worked beautifully. Very nice screen size, I love it! The qwerty keyboard access is awesome.

These days the selection of phones with a slide out keyboard are slim and far between. But this phone is running fairly current software and works great.

I was excited to purchase and receive the Droid 4. However, I was disappointed that I was not able to use it with the PagePlus service. So I had to return it.

I have had my Droid 4 now for over a year and am still loving it. Prior to this I had a Droid 2 global and Droid Pro, so overall I am a fan of the Motorola Droid line of phones. The biggest pro for me is the physical keyboard. I am not a fan of touch screen keyboards. I don't mind using them for quick tasks, but if I am doing quite a bit of typing (such as this review), I need the physical keyboard. The Droid 4 is one of the few smart phones currently on the market with this feature! The Android software on the phone, which updates regularly with the newest version that is out, runs smoothly and provides for a easy and fun user experience. Because of the keyboard, as well as the phone's wide variety of functions, it has overtaken the use of my tablet and laptop! I have also found the phone to be extremely durable. It has withstood several drops from my 4 year old with out any damage, whereas my husband's Droid Razr Maxx suffered a broken screen after a very small drop. It has also survived two unfortunate immersions in water. One was a fairly brief fall into a water/ice mixture but the other was a fall into a bathtub of water! Both times I was very worried but after letting it dry out it worked fine with no issues at all! I think its ability to "slide" apart for the keyboard was a big help, it gave more areas for water to escape and eliminated water being trapped inside the screen area and even worse the phone itself!Now, that I have talked about some of the pros, as with any phone there are also cons.One of my biggest problems with the Droid 4 is the lack of app storage. There is the option to add a SD card and expand the storage capacity but I am hesitate to use this for my applications, so I reserve it for music, pictures, videos, and data files only. That does free up some space for apps, but not much. I am not sure if it is how the memory is allocated or what, but the storage dedicated to apps is lacking. Now, I will admit to using several large apps, including many games, and I have never personally run out of memory but the memory I currently have left is limited. Also, after over a year of use I have noticed some lag when going between apps and browsing the web. In fact on two occasions my phone has froze up when I was using the internet and received a phone call. I did recently install an app designed to empty my cache and that has helped a lot, but at times it does still run slow. The battery life, while great at first has also diminished recently and though that is to be expected somewhat (esp for me as I am rough on my battery), without the removable battery (which no motorola phone currently has) it can be an issue if you are out all day and are on your phone a lot. I did purchase a pocket charger, which alleviated the problem of my battery dying, but still I would prefer a removable battery.Overall though this phone has served me well and continues too. I have no intentions of upgrading anytime soon. I highly recommend it to anyone, esp. if you are looking for a phone with a physical keyboard!

Everything went well, the phone works perfectly and totally reach my expectations. The product came on the scheduled date too. Everything great.

Ended up returning to Motorola for a replacement as it would not hold a charge.  Not sure what rocket scientist at Motorola decided to start making batteries PERMANENTLY attached to phone but he should be working in a donut shop.  Now to get phone to operate properly you must return it to Motorola, BE WITHOUT A PHONE DURING THIS TIME, and await a repair or replacement.  Smart move.  Fortunately after enough complaining on the phone to Motorola they agreed to send me a new one overnight shipment BUT charged my credit card $5 (which was to get the number in case i didnt return broken phone) fee.  Be wary of ads for &#34;new&#34; phones.

I've had all versions of the Droid (company mandated phone... ) I love the pull-out keyboard... and that's about it.  The OS is slow and clunky kinda like a 386/486 with dial-up.  And that keyboard I praised, don't open it midstream email or APP - phone will go into what I refer to as  D R O i D  S L OOOW  M OT I ON&#62;&#62;&#62;&#62;  haha.  There has been several OS updates, to no avail of helping it speed up.  Battery?? forrget abouut it.  At least with the previous Droids I had another battery I could stick in it by lunchtime when it died - but this technological wonder has the battery SOLDERED IN...  bahahahahaha  HELP Motorola HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

It came in a reasonable time. So far so good, being the second one after a little issue. Not blaming no one electronics will break. Will recommend buying products from this company.

My wife is not a fan of touch screen typing.  This is the second D4 she has owned and she dreads the day when she can't get another one.  Processor speed and camera are good. Solid product.

Was exactly how it was described arrived in a timely manner and met all expectations, and at a very reasonable price. Will shop here again and I have had this phone for a long time I love it, still has some minor issues but its a smart phone, they all do, still one of the best phones out and definitely best phone with a keyboard hands down. Phone is amazing.

It has shut off and not turned back on for over an hour twice now. I am unable to choose different ringtones for different apps. (Emails and texts) are the same my phone calls quite often drop when I have full signal. My texts messages don't always go through a lot of times I have to receive a message or send an additional one before they will send

The phone and the concept of the phone are wonderful but the battery life is absolutely horrific!!! I advise anyone looking to NOT BUY THIS PHONE!

I bought this phone to replace my Droid 2 Global. I am mostly satisfied with it. It's much faster, has a nicer larger screen, works reliably, and does virtually everything I hoped for. It also has a real slide-out keyboard, which is overwhelmingly the reason why I bought it. (I hate on-screen keyboards -- they offer no haptic feedback, and consume half of the already-tiny screen space.) Virtually no other smartphones offer real keyboards anymore.There are only a few small shortcomings:- When I slide out the keyboard, I almost inevitably wind up unintentionally pressing one or more keys on the keyboard. This is due to the design of the case, which all but assures that a finger will fall on the keyboard during slideout. The Droid 2 Global had a different case design that didn't result in this problem.- The GPS receiver is much weaker on this phone than on the Droid 2 Global. I can no longer get a GPS signal or use navigation if I have the phone under my car roof. I have to place the phone on the top of the dashboard -- with no metal between phone and sky -- to get a signal. This is awkward. The Droid 2 Global had no problems receiving the GPS signal under my car roof.- Like the Droid 2 Global, the Droid 4 camera suffers from an unpleasant behavior while taking still pictures -- the moment you tap the &#34;Take photo&#34; button, the camera defocuses to take a blurry image. (This isn't due to hand trembling; the effect can easily be reproduced with the camera stationary on a table.) The effect is less than with the Droid 2 Global, but it's still there.

I will hopefully find a few more of these because it still has a full physical keyboard. It seems that this feature is going away but I refuse to let it die.

I already own a droid 4.  and have loved it from the beginning, with no plans to upgrade when my contract ends. I bought another one for my husband, but he's on a prepaid plan that was not compatible with it so we had to return it. Too bad, but he now has a droid 3 which works great as well.Can't go wrong with Motorola!

I had flip phones before this but had used my husband's phone enough to know that I absolutely hated trying to type on a touch screen.  I was very reluctant to make the jump to a smart phone because I liked the size of my flip phones and the durability.  I've had this phone for many months now and I love it.  I find the keyboard to be easy to type on and I find a lot of the features to be intuitive even to someone who isn't all that familiar with smart phones.The only down side I see is that the battery life isn't super as compared to a flip phone, and even then it's not THAT bad given how much I use it.  I also wish there were more options for cases but that's not anything to do with the phone really.Reception is excellent.  I can get onto Facebook even in the northwoods of WI.  I've had good reception with all of my prior Motorola devices (original Razr, my 5spot, and my most recent flip phone which was pretty much a Razr) when my friends were all leaning over balconies above lakes in winter.  I was comfy in the cabin.The camera is pretty nice, too.  I take quite a few and friends have commented on how much better my phone photos are than theirs.There are so many neat features, I am super happy with it.I just gave up my 5Spot and have learned to just tether to my phone for internet on a 'real' computer.  It's fairly simple, like the other features it's fairly intuitive.  I'd been told you couldn't tether and still use it as a phone but that is apparently false as I was just on the phone and the internet at the same time.I also use the MP3 player feature to upload my music and plug it into the jack in the truck so I can then use the truck's sound system.  Want to listen to your MP3s and use your GPS at the same time?  NO problem, your little lady just cuts in when she needs to and you can hear her over the stereo, too.  The other day I plugged it in with the cord provided with the phone (rather than through the headphone jack) and it just started playing my music without me futzing with the software (still not hard).It is worth every penny.

I bought this phone in October for my husband who was having issues with his original phone... THIS PHONE DID NOT WORK! It never got signal, it dropped calls, couldn't hear when placing a call.. We run a business and had the worse time getting service from the garbage phone I bought for him!  BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The phone froze up or went "wild" going through programs all on it's own.  This was the 2nd phone of the same kind that did not work.  If you want a good phone.. Don't buy this one!

I dropped my phone and had to replace it and this phone is perfect exactly what I had before which I loved.  Everything functioning as intended and no problem changing from my old phone to this new to me phone

Gotta have my physical keyboard, got this for half of the retail price. The car charger he threw in actually stays in my port better than the expensive one I bought from Verizon

cool..!

This phone has really great features.  However, none of them work by early afternoon as the phone has run out of power by then.  So, I've  been going around recently with my phone always turned off.  Only turning it on when I want to make a call or use some other feature, after which, back off it goes.  That would be fine, except this is supposed to be, like, a phone?  People are supposed to be able to call me?  I could live with it if I just had to recharge it once a day and could rely on it to make it that long.  But having it go dead by early afternoon (assuming I just had it on but didn't use it, otherwise, late morning), is just unacceptable.  I've only had it a few months, but already I'm thinking about getting something else.  Even a dumb phone would be better than this.

I wanted a phone with a keyboard.  Loved it at first.  After using the Mobile Hotspot feature (via Verizon Wireless), battery life swiftly plummeted to maybe 15 minutes - one quick visit to any webpage after a full charge would drain the battery - and never returned to normal.  I have been using it for an alarm clock and reactivated an earlier Droid.  Today, I had to remove the SIM card and noticed the battery was "inflated" like an air bag.  It has never been wet or near water.  No wonder I was having problems.  Now, the back won't fit back on.  Piece of junk.  I'm so over Droids and Motorola.

I love this cell phone! Easy Text,sturdy,and light weight. I have had an I phone, a Samsung but they did not do it for me,I guess I like it &#34;Old School&#34;! Mochee

Phone arrived in great shape. Activated it with Verizon, no problem. I do show some signs of wear/use, but it's not that bad at all. Glad I bought it.

I was sick of mis-typing on touch keyboards and longed for a physical keyboard like on my old Sony Xperia. Unfortunately, no such Android phones exist here in Australia, so took a risk in buying this one. I was not disappointed. Plenty of technical support available online and no issues putting a Telstra NextG SIM card into this phone.Advertised as re-furbished, but it came without a scratch. Looked good as new to me! Also managed to pick up a Lapdock 100 on eBay so now I can use this as a very light laptop with excellent battery life.Highly recommended!

With the significant wear and dents, this phone did not warrant an A1 condition description. Luckily, I was able to sell it for what I payed.

Well, I did pay for a 'Brand New' phone, but I got a refurbished one. However, upon negotiation with the seller, they agreed to refund the difference to the average 'refurbished' price found on Amazon. The refurbished phone had a few problems, but they were quickly sorted out by the customer service. Very prompt and helpful service merit the overall purchase 5 stars, but contact with the seller is recommended before final purchase to verify the product is as advertised. As they say, caveat emptor. I would buy from them again.

I was very happy with the purchase.  It arrived on time and matched the description.  We will be coming back for future purchases.

a few scratches. works great! no issues. i have had it for several weeks to give it a try before i rate it. no complaints here.

PHONE IS GOOD WORKS GREAT! Wanted real keyboard now I have one. Am just getting tired of googles [Android] invasiveness.I do like the phone OK. Wishing for a phone for calls and texting only with full qwerty keyboard this big. no junky android and such OS's. No GPS, bells, whistles, spyware crap. Just basic but with similar "large" keyboard like this droid 4. No such thing exists as far as I can tell. perhaps Aunt Tea & Tinkerbell will activate an ancient Blackberry?

phone was ok but the slide was not the best but ok for used phone. Daughter liked it ok till the plug in messed up.

Been very displeased with the phone overall because of how slow it takes to move from app to app.  We live in a fast paced world and when I get a call I don't want to miss it because I happen to be browsing the web during a call.  This lag is present in all phases use including within an app.

I ordered the phone(a used one) for my girlfriend and it works great and all. But we are having trouble with it charging. It charges up to about 30%-40% and stops charging. And today she had it turned off all day and it dropped from 40% to 5% when turned off. I'd like to know a solution for I too want this phone and I want to know how to fix it and if it happens to all Droid 4's.

I received the Droid 4 within minutes I was on it putting my information in it making it mine. I am currently recommending this phone to my nephew and others.

Love the phone but the volume rocker switch is broken. Would have sent it back but I need it for work. Kinda disappointed.

In the past, I had the Droid 2 Global and Droid 2 and I loved both of them. This phone is the younger brother of those 2 phones. Amazing keyboard, big screen, apps play wonderfully on it. Besides being very heavy, this would be a 4 or 5 star phone. However...The battery life on the Droid 4 is so terrible that I have to carry around an external battery to keep this phone charged throughout the day. Even right out of the box, the battery functioned like a phone that I had been using a year. I have only had this phone 2 months or less.I have owned the Droid X, Droid X2, Droid 2 and Droid 2 Global...so I am familiar with how terrible smartphone batteries are. The battery on this phone is the worst by far. Are you kidding me, Motorola???I was doubtful purchasing any phone with a battery that cannot be replaced. All my other smartphones, I have purchased as extended battery which increased size and weight but was worth it for better battery life. With my other phones, I didn't have to buy an extended battery until 6 months or a year of heavy use.I'm telling you, within the first week I had to look for something to keep this phone charged which is when I bought a portable battery bank that adds so much bulk that I feel like I'm using one of the Zak Morris cellphones from Saved by the Bell. Not only am I using the portable battery pack but also a task killer to kill apps not currently in use.No, I do not recommend this phone. Trust me, 1 star is totally warranted and if you don't heed my advice and stay away from this phone, you will regret it. I am hearing great things about the Droid Razr Maxxx and their amazing battery life. I would urge you to try that phone.

I was not impressed with this refurbished phone.  It came to me,  not wiped,  had someone else's pictures on it,  and who knows what else.  There were also tiny hairs,  look to be some sort of animal all in between the keyboard keys,  and even under the glass of the screen.  I won't buy from this seller again.  He did offer a refund,  but after I already had the phone activated and got rid of my old phone,  so couldn't be without a phone,  he wouldn't agree to have it repaired locally.

This phone arrived in good condition, on time, it's exactly what I wanted, and thanks to Amazon I was able to get it, as motorola has unfortunately discontinued this phone to promote their new touch screen only phone. Not everybody wants a touch screen only phone. So this one is great

I've had this phone since a few days after Verizon released it. Keyboard is great, 4G is fast, hotspot works well, dual-CPU makes it fly for most tasks. OS is decent (but rooted it just to install AdAway and make real backups). My major complaint:* By choosing to make the battery non-removable, it meant that not only could I not have a spare ready, but if the port to which the USB power cord attaches gets in any way busticated, the phone soon is dead. The only option now that Verizon doesn't stock these is a two day wait for a shipped replacement phone. *Good thing I bought insurance... Make the battery removable for *all* phones, please! :)

THE new phone for $200+ was dead on arrival.  How can they sell this junk at this price.  awful!!!  Avoid this.  I was dismayed they are not cheap but were hardly surprised when i called and said the new phone was stone dead.

When I initially joined the Droid 'army' with my R2-D2 Droid phone (just a special edition version of the Droid 2) in 2010, I was quite taken by it.  I loved the interface, the wide array of apps, and the very necessary physical keyboard (I have fat fingers.  So, I run into a lot of problems with a touch screen keyboard).However, as much as I loved the Droid 2, there several issues that proved to be very aggravating over time.  The first was the frequency with which the home screen would lock up.  When this would happen, I could either wait a long time for it to free up, or pop the battery out and reboot it.  The other issue dealt with the touch screen getting wet.  As is likely to happen held up to one's ear or briefly out in the elements, the touch screen will get wet.  In the Droid 2, it would cause the screen to go haywire.  Applications would activate on their own, the finger drag would kick in whenever it felt like, and sometimes it would make calls to people on your contact list when you didn't intend to (this is linked to the application issue).  Wiping down the screen and rebooting the phone sometimes wasn't enough.So, with the Droid 4, they have improved things significantly.  When the touch screen gets wet now, the worst effect I get is a brief bit of finger dragging going on.  The other major improvement is the home screen stability.  There is still the ocassional, very rare, lockup.  How, when there is a memory or application problem, it is isolated to the application itself (such as the addictive, but woefully unstable, Facebook Mobile app).  You can just go into settings to kill and restart the app.  However, until you choose to do so, none of the other applications will have any difficulty running.Overall, I continue to be a huge fan of the Droid phones.  I hope Motorola will continue to produce this product line with the physical keyboard.

Good little phone.  My wife loves this phone, but one day I hope to get her away from the &#34;Physical Keyboard&#34;.

The phone is operating perfectly . I received the phone in record time so I didn't have to go long without a phone when mine broke

Pros = sturdy, large screen, solid keys for texting, good speaker-phone functionCons = a loud high-pitched modem sound pierces your ear if you're fool enough to put this device against your head immediately after pushing the green dial button (this may be a Verizon-only problem)I *mostly* like it, with the exception mentioned above. You will definitely need access to electricity, but I've found with a good charge the thing'll run all day, no prob. It is bulky, but I don't mind that. Maybe the screen's not the best for gaming, but I don't care about that. The jelly doughnut system isn't apple, but it easy enough to operate. The camera's fine, I don't use it much, but it's nice to have when I feel like taking a photo. I really like the fact that I can expand memory with a micro-SD -- something the apples of the world can't/won't do.

This used phone was in far better condition than my own that I am replacing - even though I use a belt holster all the time.A good phone in great condition - and you can't buy a slide-out Physical QWERTY keyboard model anymore from Verizon,so &#34;thank goodness&#34; for Amazon and this reseller.  Great value - outstanding condition used product.

I have had this phone for about 4 months now. The keyboard cover on the keys is starting to chip off. It pretty obvious that its made with cheap material.

The description of the phone said that it was in good condition.  The slider barely works, parts of the phone doesn't light up, and it looks generally beat up.

Phone arrived earlier than promised in clean, working condition with a Motorola charger, cable and a SIM card.  Although the operating system and apps needed updating we were able to activate the phone on Verizon and get it working right away.  It was certainly far less expensive than replacing it with a new one.  Battery also seems to be decent.

I read my reviews so I knew what I was getting into. The ONLY thing I wasn't aware of is that this phone doesn't have NFC. That's it. I've followed the series and love the phone and I am TRULY HOPING for a new version that is up-to-par with its brothers and sisters. Us keyboard people seem to be a dying breed but this is how we unite. Speak ur mind! Follow me, fb, insta and twitter, @JerCurr23

Still, the full QWERTY keyboard rocks as usual, and this is still a far better phone than most I have tried.  Too bad we will likely never see a Droid 5.

Great phone. I ordered mine new and got a refurb via asurion!

phones top row letter of on screen keyboard does not work  :(  this is my 5th Droid 4 and its a great phone when working properly

I purchased this phone for my wife and got poor reviews at first.  Then, after using it a few days, her only complaint was that the battery ran down too quickly and cut short her fun!  She loves the larger, tactile QWERTY keyboard and the larger viewing screen the Droid 4 offers.  She also loves the ability to see and enjoy pictures received.  We just ordered a battery from SavvyCellular and are hoping that this will fix her issue with the phone running down before the end of her 12.5hr shift on a full charge.  Still, if you decide to find a Droid 4 to get the larger screen without sacrificing a tactile keyboard for a virtual one, it seems like a good phone to consider.  Just know that you will be on Amazon and Ebay trying to find batteries and accesories, since most carriers no longer carry this phone.
