
This phone would not work with AT&T. I bought one from AT&T that worked perfectly. Got this one for my husband and he took it to an AT&T store and got less than 1/2 of what we paid. We could have returned it to Amazon, but he did not know that at the time. What a rip off.

It should get no stars, because it's a horrid phone! Wouldn't charge,wouldn't hold a charge, and wasn't 16gigs. Never again!

Product it awesome.Its not slow running allot of apps , As for the battery.it started of at 5 hrs and 20 minutes out of the box and over a 2 day period the 5 hrs increased to 12 hrs heavy use. using the phone moderately will carry you through out the day. nice clean design .. everything you want in an android. had the phone for 2 weeks now. no issues. speaker sounds great ,rear camera is great, front camera is not so great but its ok. Strong sturdy feeling. i have no regrets getting buying this item on a budget.

really loving this phone only thing is the battery needs charging often, i need a longer lasting battery, otherwise love my hyc vivid!!!

this phone is cool but the camera is very hard to focus at nights...the day time pictures are very good but the night time pics are blurry most times

it has like I said a very nice screen, the colors are life, clean and neat, reals, I made a comparison with Samsung galaxy and this one is better, it fit on your hand better than the other one, is stronger, and once you get to know how to use it you will love it.

the only bad thing about the pone is that is says 16 gb of internal storage memory but it only has 8gb. other thant that the pone is great.. I love it

I like the phone a lot I hope it lasts longer than my Inspire(also HTC) that locked up after 8 months..Keeping extra batteries is smart on any of these smart phones because the batteries don't last as long as I would like them to.

I like everything about it. It's easy to use with a good battery if you use the battery juice protector app. Visually pleasing. Good quality service, no bugs. Everything runs smooth or is fixed quickly with an update.I like how compatible it is with amazon, youtube, gmail, kindle, etc because of it being an android.Droid up!

this phones works great with the battery app it last a pretty good time like the feel not to big works great for me and what i wanted it to do.

Received this phone yesterday and am disappointed that the description lied about the phone. It said it was an unlocked GSM device. It's NOT. It's locked into AT&T.; It says it was a new device not a used device, also not true. The charging block is chipped and the plastic screen protector that comes on ALL NEW PHONES, had clearly been pulled off and replaced on the phone to give a "New Look"...Will be calling Amazon later today to see what they have to say about the misleading information that was provided.Other than the misleading information about the phone, I am pleased with the phone and how quickly it responds.** The seller of this phone contacted me, and explained amazon sends the phones out, and they sent the wrong phone.** But even with the seller attempt to make things right, which I really appreciated, this phone is constantly disconnecting from the network, and I am returning it.

like the phone. 1st one I got did not work, they offered to send my money back or get a different phone. They sent a new phone and I am pleased.

This is my first time owning a HTC phone. I've heard stories (good & bad) about the HTC brand, but I wanted to see for myself. The Vivid is a great phone, not too big/not too small, in certain ways, its jusssst right! It has all the features you'll ever need (Wi-fi, Bluetooth, Dual cameras, etc.) Great phone, great price....just get one & judge for youself!!

Battery drain issues for mine; delivery of replacement phone impossible due to the type of companies that offer older phones on Amazon. It's an old cell phone; no one is reading the reviews.

Phone in great condition better than described,  but no charger included. I had buy it for extra 6 dlls.Thanks !

It works really well here in Trinidad and Tobago... It surpasses all expectations, good value for money. A great camera people!!!!

ProsDesign: Its look and feel is great, it feels good in your hands. It is way too heavy but still good.Performance: I have already tested some applications I couldn't run with my old smartphone, and so far it works perfectly good (even when running multiple applications).Features: With regards to the camera, it just work great, Full HD Videos look amazing.ConsBattery: I know it is a powerful smartphone, but the battery could be better, I recommend to buy an additional battery so you won't have to limit the use of the phone.

&#34;Does everything - all the things my other phone couldn't&#34; - The words from my dad after I gave it to him as a gift. He's 55, but is fairly good with electronics and absolutely loves it. I set him up with this phone on a straight talk sim card and for $45/month he can do anything he wants on it. A quality HTC product as usual.

This is a great phone for the price. Unfortunately, I assumed it would be compatible with Verizon Wireless... but it wasn't. It was actually a blessing in disguise because Verizon was going to force me into a contract without unlimited data if I upgraded my phone, so this Vivid gave me an opportunity to switch to T-Mobile. Eat **** Verizon.

I wanted a phone that was as heavy as my old HTC HD and found the HTC Vivid to be just as heavy.I'm not happy that it came with the AT&T; logo as it wasn't mentioned in the Ad but so far I like it.

everything works w tmobile (yes even lte) except the hotspot which was a deal breaker for me. Beats audio really wasn't all that tho either just a bass boost.

htc vivid is really good choice with a good price , it is not top of smart phone but with 1.2gh 2 cord good enough run everything we want search on line play game , make phone call sound good , not too louse and speaker better than I phone , picture is good , a phone is a good working it is not lost signal like Iphone , comparable htc vivid 370, Iphone 700 , HTC vivid is not lost signal ,Iphone is always lost signal what is the best choice with good price.Iphone is cost too much , It make me a lost trouble during I have phone call signal gone I hate that, htc vivid work ing with Tmobil sim card that good for I like that.

A rising star in the smartphone touchscreen business. I would love to have the HTC one but can't afford it right now, a little too pricey, hopefully it will drop soon.

This phone is very fast ,never freeze, and I like it's OS. It takes nice pictures and it's very resistant.

He seems to love it, and I love the fact that he's not screaming at his phone and bouncing it off the wall. Peace reigns once again!

I love it and recommend it to anyone who would want a nice and not too expensive phone with great features

Love the product, it works fine!!!Just for what I intended. Thank you much. Love it a lot. My friend love it too.

the phone was defective and never solved my problemshould leave your customers satisfied and help in solving problemsvery sad

This is my first HTC phone. I like the phone that have good speaket sound. Well the speaker is not quite loud enough even though I have turn the sound to maximun. I still like the phone.Thanks

I received the phone in a timely manner. It was unlocked, I put my chip in and did a configuration of the settings and was good to go. The problem I am having is that the phone keeps getting gliches, shutting off and now the ringer isn't working so the phone has to stay on vibrate all the time, otherwise I won't know that I'm getting an incoming call. Please contact me thru my account customer service to remedy this problem...Thank You r

I really love the phone, easy to use, great images, the camera is awesome.  But the battery is awful, really bad.  I don't usually write reviews, but the battery makes the phone horribly inconvenient.  I plug it in overnight, and if I use one app for 15 minutes, the battery drops to half in the morning.  I would buy the phone again if it just had a better battery.

The Phone is great full of feature battery is good strongly make.I am in love with the phone the sound is great and it's to take the battery out of the phone.

It is a great phone for its price which I purchased for my wife. Honestly speaking, I love it much better than my own Nokia Lumia 710. The sound is good, apps run perfectly, the camera is great. Not a single problem since I purchased it almost a year ago.

Bought this for my Daughters birthday on the 30th day she had it the phone stopped working. Worst Amazon experience I have had. Customer service was great in replacing the phone but product was bad.

I really loved the size and durability of this phone. I've had it for a few months now and it's still in great shape. The Only complaint is that my address book seems to crash alot.Other than that everything is great, I would reccomend this phone to friends

the phone is great, i love it very much but the battery runs down so fast and it takes longer time to charge. other than that the phone is so cool as compared to htc titan 2 i bougth from windows

I'm very happy with my purchase, the phone came way before the delivery date and came upgraded with Android OS 4.0. I advise you to get this phone if you are in search of an amazing one.

This unlocked phone is perfect for this price. You can't find another phone with these high specs for this price. However, the battery is somewhat an issue, but I am getting used to it and managing to keep it all day.

love this phone...for price it has everything and more...only negative is the battery does seem to get sucked dry pretty quickly, but I just make sure I keep it plugged in when possible.

love the phone,,but within a week or so of purchasing it the charging port has screwed up,,have to position the cord a certain way or it will not charge,,going to have it fixed

The HTC Vivid that came from Driven Wireless was in great condition.  I thought it would have some minor scratches or scuffs, but I can't see anything on it.  It's pretty much perfect.  I bought this phone to set it up with straight talk and it works great.  Very easy to set up.  The only problems I have with the phone is that there is some minor glitches while operating sometimes the phone would go into dock mode, and the only way to get out of it was to turn it off and back on.  However it was really easy to disable the dock mode through the settings and I haven't had any more problems with it doing that.  Also when i place a call the phone automatically goes into speaker mode, but i don't mind easy enough to just hit the button and turn that off as well.  Another problem is when turning it off the phone always comes back on, on the car mode dash screen another easy fix just turn that off.  I looked these problems on the internet and it seems to be common with the phone.  But like I said they are easy to get around these bugs.  Overall the phone works awesomely and I couldn't be happier buying a used phone with this company.  My spouse was even jealous when she saw the condition of the phone and when I told her about the minor bugs she still didn't hesitate on buying a one for herself because they were easy fixes.

Is really fast and super usefull, the only thing I don't like is how long the battery last and also I have a problem charging it.

Everyone is complaining that they cant here me so It was a wase of my moneySo don't make the same mistake

the product is perfect, i am from venezuela and it worked great with movistar 4G, its fast and the camera is awsome, i love it really, recommend it to all of you. the only thing i didnt like is the weight, that is a heavy phone, but its just a detail..

I love the htc vivid phone, so i had to get another one after i broke minds on the floor

It is good, nice looking phone, very fast and nice pictures, but the connection for the charger is the one that gives you problems. Once it stars giviving you problems it won't detect the charger plugged in and it won't charge.

I must say that the delivery was perfectly on time.  However, I have some problems with the phone.:There are some times that I have to turn the celphone off and take off the batery to make the sound work cause there is no audio in the videos.What's more, the incorporated microphone is not working. There's no way I can turn it on: I can not record a video nor a voice message on Whats App...Can you provide me with any solution????

The firmware isnt the most updated the phone itself works great. i would recommend it to new users of phones. breed is a great company to buy a phone and its awesome.

the price is the greatest and this phone is very complete big and with an amazing performance...the only thing i can say is that it gets hot when you use it for a long continuos time like gaming or watching many videos but for the rest very good!good quality and amazing price

It cannot be powered on, and no response when charging. Probably it is a ruined and second-hand one. It should be demonstrated.

This cell phone is soo good, that I bougt another onegreat camera, android base and great price.try it

All good!!! It works in Venezuela with no problem, all you have to do it's to program the APN and you are ready.

When I first got the Vivid I was afraid it would deplete the batteries very quickly due to the large screen. But upon testing it, one battery lasts me all day.  I love being able to actually see what's on the screen more clearly than I have with any of my other phones. I like that it is an unlocked phone which allows me to decide which carrier I want to use. I can't think of anything I would change on the phone and plan to use it till it dies then get another HTC.

I love this phone...very easy to use.  The face is clear and easy to read, it's much bigger than other smart phones.

However the phone is good and i like it. It arrived in good time and all is well. keep up the good work

the screen is not to small or to bulky. decent response time for apps and easy to utilize. overall like the buy alot.

I bought this for my son. Great phone, super fast. He loves it! It does everything that a smartphone should plus has a great camera.

This unlocked phone is perfect for this price. You can't find another phone with these high specs for this price. However, the battery I founded in the box does not fit with my phone. I bought an extended battery and works great.

Worked ok then I couldn't hear the calls except on speakerphone.  I was going to return it but it started working so I kept it.  I like the phone but now I can't hear my calls again and cannot return or afford another phone. It was probably damaged.  I'm STUCK with it.

this phone is great. the seller however, told me the phone was unlocked after i complained about the apn being locked to at&t, then, in the same message he gave me the instructions to download the tweaker app to unlock it. anyway, the phone wasnt unlocked. the post said it was.

The phone was actually permanently locked when I received it. After spending a very long time with my phone carrier's tech support it was realized there was nothing that could be done except to return the phone.Although it was a hassle realizing the phone was useless, the return process was very easy and the money was credited back to my account within a week.

It has all the offered functionability. It's amazing!!!!. The weight is acceptable but the battery life is bad :( You must buy another battery just in case.
