
this phone sucks because when i took it out of the box it didnt had any bubble rap and it was crack from the screen and its not unlock its stuck to verizon and  the camera literly fell of like the glass and i send it back and they never gave me the phone back cause they said i had done it

first the battery did not hold charge. second screen had small ding. the battery was fully charged. turned off phone. one week later when turned on battery was dead. the phone comes with screen cover. i noticed a small ding in cover which i thought was in the cover only which is soft clear material. however the ding was in glass. amazon allowed for the return without problem but because of price (under $200) replacement was not available so had to accept refund. i must say the phone was from T Moble and said &#34;new&#34; on box. nokia was super great when called about battery and offered to replace but i had to pay shipping to them. i never used sim card so cannot comment on that function but did use wireless(WiFi) which worked fine. the screen was quite small and typing on screen proved difficult for me.

The phone is great for those who are looking dor a decent and cheap smartphone.The windows is ok, phone is fast, battery can improve. Its a great choice if you dont want to spend alot of money.

I purchased the Nokia Lumia 710 about a year ago with T-Mobile. I have always been an android smartphone fan. I was one of the first buyers of the Google G1 smartphone several years ago. However, I decided that I wanted to give Microsoft's version a shot. It is quite simplistic in relation to many other smartphones on the market, which makes it easier to maneuver through the phones software. However, the limited memory and apps become a problem after a couple of months. Unfortunately, apps that are often free through Google Play cost in Microsoft's Marketplace. In addition, the Marketplace bloats with with lackluster apps. With a small amount of memory and no extra port to add memory, I found that I was constantly having to upload everything on my computer. It really cannot be a substitute for an MP3 player, especially if one takes a lot of photos. By the time I had almost hit my one year mark with the phone, I was quite tired of it. I'm an academic, and I need something more productive--got the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. The newer Microsoft phones might be better, but I really wouldn't, considering all the types of android phones on the market, purchase this or any other Microsoft phone. Microsoft missed the boat on this one, I think.

I really like this cellphone its cheap and powerful and fast device, if u are looking for a cellphone which take beautiful picture and video this is NOT a good option for you. if you are looking for a fast cellphone this is your best option!

100% Good

The product says unlcoked phone, but its locked with T mobile and am not able to use it with other carrier. I am really upset with this.

great phone. Can do so much that I havent figured it all out yet. battery life is not great, have to charge almost everyday

I was partial to Android. Three Android phones later (and also one iPhone later), I decided to take a leap and go with the Lumia 710. I knew it was a low to mid-range Windows 7.5 phone that would not be capable of upgrading to 8, but bought it anyway.I was VERY skeptical, and anticipated sending it back, but I was pleasantly surprised. It does not lag, freeze up, or display any sort of weird stuff that all of my previous Androids displayed. Plus, it synchronizes with everything...I was heavily invested in the Google ecosystem, and it easily synced all my contacts and calendar.The interface is where it really shines. Microsoft has done such a great job (I can't believe I am saying this) creating an ecosystem where everything is very similar in look and feel, using the tile approach. It works very well, and I have really fallen in love with this phone.There aren't quite as many apps as Android or iPhone YET, but quite honestly I found everything I needed, and for free. Microsoft Office even comes built-in.Amazing, amazing phone. I can't put it down. I strongly recommend it. I can only imagine how awesome the new Nokia 920 will be.

Me encanta el celular, todo se basa en la informacion presentada por el vendedor. Si esta liberado para Venezuela, facil y rapidamente.

One phone only worked for two weeks and died. The mother board just tanked and could not be repaired or replaced. It also used the battery up fast and that's no good. I did get two phones one for my gf. Well the other phone started eating up the Bart on standby. I figured out to hook it up to the computer via Zune.com sand it did 30 minutes worth of updates and now that phone is good and last 25 hours on one charge. If u get this phone, do all updates asap or ur phone will die, overall after updates, phone is awesome and works better than android

My phone is still going strong after two years.  I've dropped it a few times but never has it gotten laggy or anything.  Windows Phone is amazing and I will be upgrading to the new Lumia 1020 during this holiday season.

Very Fast... works fantastic. It has an OK camera, but is a very nice phone. Maybe the buttons are a bit damaging to the design, but the OS works perfectly with the device.

The screen is beautiful. People asked about what kind of phone I have a lot of times when they saw my phone. Fast touch responses. Wonderful WiFi, I can use Xfinity WiFi free almost everywhere since I have Comcast internet at home. It's a Windows phone so you need to get use to it. Lots of free apps, and games. I play Shuffle party all the time when I am on a bus or train. Wonderful functions, and it's much cheaper than iPhone or Samsung android phones. I am very happy about it.

Fast and Cute. Good camera and very easy to manage, medium size so it is nice for the hand. Super link conection with all your personal accounts.

I loved this phone. OS is great, and function as well. Charger is a little tight but,  I would totally  recommend it.

But after 4 months of kindle use, one of them is not working!!! The sound can't be heard and the caller also can't hear me. I sent it to deales here in M&eacute;xico, three times, and they re-loaded it with software, changed audio speaker and it won't work again. I will take it with an independient dealer, to try to fix it. D&oacute;n't know if it will work again my wife loves it .....

My cellphone didn't come unlocked. I write to seller about this problem and the same day i have my unlock code from nokia.Cell works perfect, better than before version. Package in non original box, no data cable, no user manual, no headphones.Only phone, battery, cover and charger.I love Winphone OS, for that i bought Nokia Lumia. If you are lover for apps, Winphone is not your option now.Delivery soon, good price and good customer service even by mail.Good Choice for me!!

I bought this for my wife. she loves it. I have even gotten used to it. It flows well, has large enough tiles. The only downside is the amount of apps. They will not have as much as apple or Android, but it has what you need. The price for this unlocked version is what sold me.Great phone, great price.

I bought this phone for my mom and she's really loving it. Got it set up in Spanish for her, everything on here runs very fast and smoothly, she doesn't have any of the problems she had with her previous Android phone, and the battery life on this one is stellar!

good:very fast processorcomfy to holdvery easy to use thanks to windows osgood soundlong battery lifeusb chargergood build quality despite plastic bodybad:display colors over saturatedpoor camera quality and low resolutionno front camerabottom line is : really good piece for those who need simple and easy to use high quality phone( not for people who spend whole day long browsing through the apps)I'm very satisfied! its a very good deal for this price!

this is a decent new phone. it's not a real smartphone but it's great for someone who doesn't really need more than a phone with a touchscreen for texting, calling, and basic internet use.

easy to handle, good pic, im ok with this product, facebook, twitter, what's app, and other app for your cell

My Wife loved her old flip phone, but it finally died. I talked her into this phone as it works with her prepaid account on T-Mobile, and she can use Wi-Fi for data, She really likes it, it is easy to use and just works. She tried an android phone a while back and did not like it. Nokia generally makes good phones.Note that it takes the newer micro SIM chip. You may need to buy one like we did. Activation was easy, however, a 5 minute call to T-Mobile support and we were done.The phone also has 8 GB of memory and there is no slot to add more. This is not a problem for her, she has not even used half the memory with several apps/games, some pictures, and some music.

It's a great phone but it doesn't use the high speed HSPA+ or 3G, only EDGE with T-Mobile and I suppose other Providers in the US as well.

I bought this phone for my parents and they seem to love it.  It's nothing fancy but it's got the basic features that they like in a phone: camera, texting, email, etc. My parents really like the fact that Windows 7.5 is easy to use.  The battery life isn't very long--that's why I've got to know it down from 5 stars to 3 (battery life is *really important to me*).  They usually have to charge the phone every day even though they really don't use it very much.

This phone has a battery problem.  It suddenly shuts down.  I purchased it only a couple of weeks ago and also you can't expand the memory beyond what it is.

it came unlocked like how is described!!! I just upgraded with windows 7.8 by nokia suite!!! no issues!!! love it

My phone came as promised and I am fully satisfied. However, most people complained in previous reviews that the phone comes locked. I can't really confirm that right now because I am using the phone with  T mobile.Update 10/21/2013:I have been using this phone for about 10 months now. I traveled to Namibia, South Africa and Tanzania during this period and my phone worked with sim cards I purchased from these countries. My point is the phone came unlocked! I also recommended the phone to a friend who was traveling to Zambia and she's been using the phone without any complaints. We've been skyping using the phone!

This phone is so beautiful, with intuitive icons and very easy to learn to use. Is so fast. Nokia is a reference in cell phones.

Everything was perfect with the delivery. The cell phone was brand new and everything was great. I just do not like some features of the phone: I don&#8217;t like how it is very hard to figure out that you have a voice mail &#8211; the little number that show voice mail is very small and hardly visible. I don&#8217;t like how all the calls are listed separately, does not stuck the calls from the same phone number. Overall it is a good phone. I don&#8217;t pay for internet, so I am happy with the Wi-Fi option.

Im so enraged at this! So much insufficent information, like how it freaking needsa micro sim card, and how it cant support micro SD! Even so after I am using it more and more I am enjoying it, thought this info stated earlier NEEDS TO BE IN THERE! I have a whole bunch of music I bought but as mp3s so there's no easy way to listen to it on there. But this is a great phone.

Phone software is good to work with it, it`s like having a mini computer, so far for me is the best Phone, as of now the price is not withing my goal, I`ll wait until the original price posted before

good phone for this price, it has everything you will need in a smartphone, windows 7 is very cool but not enough to reach android or IOs. It has seriously problems in synchronization with other blue tooth devices or wifi networks, so if you need data transfer is going to be a problem in some cases.

I bought mine about 6 months ago, not from Amazon but new from the store. It worked perfectly until this morning I was using it and it went black suddenly and it has not come back to life again. So, I researched about it to do a hard reset (which did not work at all) and I found that a lot of people have had this happen to their Nokia Lumia 710. Apparently it is a common issue. Mine is completely lifeless and unresponsive for no reason whatsoever. It is ruined. I paid over 300 dollars for it 6 months ago and now it's totally useless to me. With that being said, I do love Windows Phone, and I just ordered a Nokia Lumia 900 (against my better judgement since this Windows Phone is a lifeless carcass now). But I love the Operating System. However, I will continue to be worried when I get my 900 that the same thing will happen. Windows Phone's have a lot of software issues. I really love the Operating System, but I can't pay 300 for a new phone every few months when they just die suddenly without warning. I still can't believe it. I hope I'll have better luck with the 900, but for anyone who buys this phone, I recommend you make sure you will have at least a 12 month warranty. And I do have a 12 month warranty with Nokia, so I will send my Lumia into there to be repaired, but I had to buy a new phone in the meantime and this has been a very horrible inconvenience to me.

Love the os. Connect to Facebook and Twitter and Hotmail and Yahoo Mail and LinkedIn perfectly. Great performance. Battery life isn't long enough, though.

Got this for my mother, but I fell in love with it. Despite being a single core, it is 4G and super fast! A truly underrated phone, but it is amazing. The camera, despite being only 5MP, is extremely quick. I ended up ordering the same one for myself and cannot wait until it arrives! It is quick and it works on the T-Mobile USA network...

this is a not so smart smart phone, entry level but is easy to use and has all the essential functions. This is a T-MOBILE phone so do think twice if u r using a different company. this phone is easy to start and easy to play with, pretty fast processing and does have adequate apps, not like i phone or android though, but not bad.

Great deal for the price. Negative aspects of this model are:+ battery duration (aprox 1-1.5 days with light use)+ has windows phone 7 (not 8) which requires syncronization through zune software (not possible with windows file explorer)+ not possible to choose size of fonts (windows phone 7 lacks this feature) and size might be small for people with eye difficulties

el producto me a funcionadoha cumplido con mis expectativa graciasI worked the product tohas met my expectations

All things the same as on a pictures. No T-Mobile inscriptions(as in the other shops), so that's why I order Nokia on Amazon. Phone is really perfect, Win 7 so quick system, so probably next my phone gonna be on Windows too.

In December I buy my new Nokia Lumia 710. In the title of the product they put that this smartphone come unlocked. But when I get it I saw that the smartphone came in a T-Mobile box and it wasn't unlocked. It must be full white it isn't. The back cover is black color. This is really disappointment.

THIS IS MY THIRD NOKIA PHON.I HAD 3160 FOR ALMOST 9 YEARS AND I GAVE TO MY NICE AND IT IS STILL WORKING.THAN I BOUGHT NOKIA C 6 AND I STILL HAVE THAT USE THIS IN OVERSEAS.AND NOW TWO WEEKS AGO I BOUGHT LUMIA 710 WINDOW PHON. IT IS EXCELENT.NOW I AM THINKING TO BUY LUMIA 920 WHEN ITS PRICE WILL GO DOWN.

About the cellphone: I like very much lots of new features. For example: the home menu it's soo easy, is very quick, the internet is great, the navigation buttons are simple, ... but I dislike that most of the applications are charged, in my old Nokia device I could download Whatsapp for free;the new way to save your contacts is kind of new for me, 'cause I used to save them on the phone not in my hotmail or gmail account... that's kind of odd, but I guess is the new "thing", anyway I think it's the way that big fishes control our space.The phone doesn't have the option of copy and paste the numbers of a call that was made or vice versa... in the old Nokia phones you can "edit number&#34;.In general, it's a very great phone. Is very nice, looks great, it's so simple and people will always look at you.

This phone is the definition of great value. The features I get for such a low price is really awesome. Everything is working fine and I received it unlocked and in tip top shape. The gorilla glass is amazing and the buttons don't really annoy me that much. I love the simplicity of the design and how well the screen responds to touch. Also love the easy search feature and how it combines my Facebook and other Social Media with my phone contacts so I automatically have contacts, photos and emails etc before even actually adding anyone as a contact. Love the 'Me' feature which has all the SM Notifications too. It also came with earphones and an charge adapter (but I didn't receive a USB cable for the adapter)I took off a star because:1. The camera could be better2. I am a heavy phone user (calls, messaging, email, browsing, gaming, streaming movies, social media etc and I always have WiFi on). So the battery life is not good enough for me. It doesn't last a full day most of the time, so I always have to have my charger in my bag at all times.3. I'm really into games and some of my favourites are unavailable. I'm yet to find a really awesome free game on this.4. No Real Instagram (I used a friend's Android to set up an Instagram account and now use the 3rd party app #2instawithmassivelove to upload photos from my Lumia and Metrogram to view feeds, like comment etc. I cannot watch insta vids.Still really worth it! Especially for less than $200. :)

Everything arrived as expected, without fail, a day as he said, good price, serious and responsible in all cases recommend!.

I purchased this phone on December the 6th, it arrived on December the 11th, it wasn't opened until January 6th so that it was a birthday gift for this day. After opened it, we discover that wasn't truly unlocked. The problem is that we can't return so that return term has expired besides the fact that item was obviously opened.If you are consider to buy a unlocked phone through I would think it again.

Package came quickly, undamaged and was working perfectly. Product was unlocked which was what I needed, because where I am, only unlocked phones are working.

i got this phone last year. it a nice basic touch phone, well made. i got it for my mother. she leaves in europe. after she got back in europe after 4 months the phone stopped working. she try d to repair  it by taking it to a phone repair shop. nu success. it seems there s a shot circuit on the main board that drains the battery in minutes.

I wanted a smartphone that was user friendly. After having tried my friends and fiancee phones (iphones, Samsung Galaxy, etc.) I have decided that neither of them was what I wanted. I wanted something extremely intuitive and, possibly, very reliable. After reading plenty of reviews online I decided that, based on my parameters, a Nokia Windows Phone would have been the best fit.I badly wanted to buy the Nokia 920, but it works only with AT&T; which is far from being a decent company from my point of view (one of the worst customer services I have ever experienced and expensive plans). Hence, I decided to try the `smaller brother' of Nokia 920, as a temporary phone while waiting for my provider to sell an excellent Nokia Windows 8 Phone.I have to admit I was a little bit worried because the Nokia 710 still runs with Windows 7 (version 7.8 after the first update), but  I was fairly impressed with man things.Let's make it clear, this is not a phone to compare with the last i-phone or the Samsung Note. In its class of phones, this item is very good. In absolute value, it's a not-bad phone, but I would give it probably 6.5 out of 10.The reasons?Well, the Windows 7 system is somehow the opposite of the laptop Windows 7 system: it gives no problems at all. Never frozen, never had any single problem. The `tile' view is very appealing and intuitive and I like the way one can personalize them. The menu and the design of the system in general makes it very easy to use, even to a first-time smartphone user like my mother.The not-so-good news are the following:1)the battery lasts slightly less than it should. With a couple of hours of conversation, some text messaging and minor searches on the web, the battery last about 2 full days IF one checks the 'save the battery option'. Without this option selected, it lasts only 1 full day.Even worst, once in a while (approx 1 day per week), for no apparent reasons, the battery lasts half than it should, even with the battery saver on.Even worst, if I keep the wi-fi on, and I use the phone as I mentioned before (light use: 2 hours of conversation, text messaging, a few searches online) the battery lasts approx 12 hours.So battery is one of the weak points. On the other hand, very few smartphones lasts really long, and they are usually 3 times more expensive than this one, which takes less than 2 hours to recharge.2) the quality of the call is fairly low. My fiancee complained several times that if keep the phone on my shoulder (while I do other things) and talk to her, she does not understand a word. None of my previous phones gave me this problem. She said that, in general, my voice comes out harder to understand and more robotic than my previous phones.3) The camera is decent, but pictures often come out with colors that are far from the actual ones. Again, I did not buy the phone for the camera (I already knew it was not going to be good), but from time to time it is useful to have a camera handy to take a picture of something, and I would say that this camera is low quality.As another important pro, it is almost impossible to destroy the phone (like every other Nokia I have tried). A friend of mine, in front of me kicked his Nokia 710 against the wall. I told him he must be crazy, but he said that this phone is simply impossible to destroy. So, he kicked the Nokia against the wall, the Nokia split into a number of pieces that he collected back, put them back together and then tried to start the phone again. I would not believe it: it was working like nothing happened to it!Other pros are Nokia Maps (amazing!) and Driving system. I was impressed, and I appreciated that I could just download the maps and then use them whenever I wanted without need of having internet connection (useful when you get lost in the middle of nowhere and there is very poor connection to use the GPS.I cannot tell that much about the music, because I did not use it very much so far, but I used to have a Zone and I liked their system a lot.All in all, the phone is definitely a good value for the money, but it's not a good buy if you want a phone where everything is perfect. This is a good phone with more pros than cons, nevertheless, there are cons that you may need to consider before buying it. For my needs, this phone works very well, and if it were not for the battery life and the quality of the call I would give it 5 out of 5.

been using the phone for a week now... love it, tho i wish i can make the speaker volume louder.so far so good!

I like the cell phone, but I did not recevie the guide (manual)  but the rest it is ok. LK

The phone is great , simple to set up and transfer numbers via Bluetooth through Nokia app reinstalled.  Haven't had any issues with it yet in 3 months I've owned it and used it. Pretty quick phone probably be a lot faster with 4g but meh not that important. The only complaint I have about this phone is the battery life is not the greatest but bout the same for all smart phones. The battery is only a 1300mah when I think it should have like a 1600-1700 mah.  Still lasts 2 days with moderate use with the 1300mah. Otherwise perfect phone so far.

Excelente equipo llego con todos sus accesorios y todo original certificado, es un excelente tel&eacute;fono justo lo que quer&iacute;a para mi

The phone was clearly labeled as UNLOCKED.  That's why I bought it.  Only to discover it was LOCKED to T-Mobile.  I eventually got it unlocked 2 weeks and $25 later, but I was disappointed in the deception.  Other than that, the phone is a decent one.

its small and easy to use,also the first windowd phone has change the some of nokias phone such as its cpu

Great phone for a great price. This phone has most of the latest features and is really fast. Although it lacks certain apps the look, feel, and performance would give other phones in its price range a run for their money.

Ordered it with just enough time to get it for Christmas.  The only complaint is that when I received the phone, all the contacts were in Arabic, but besides that, works fine.

the lumia 710 nokia phone is an excellent team, with good connectivity, operating system very easy to handle, light equipment, good image, in camera lacks a little, and the only problem I had is that I can't unlocked as I said the publicity of the seller at the time of the purchase, which I hico incurring additional costs, by the others, an excellent purchase and a great seller, thanks

This phone is just a rip off. Why did you say that the phone was open and its locked? I'm living in the Caribbean and I have to pay to get this garbage open. Waste of time and money.  40 us dollars to unlock it.

Cell is a fairly comprehensive, with advanced technology for this globalization, I loved it, very fast, is beautiful has a nice color, just a little big I thought it was smaller but in general terms is one hundred percent recommended for women and / or men, and I'm enjoying it.

Great phone for the price.

The last time I used Windows mobile I was quite disappointed due to the functionality being sluggish. This time however, I was totally surprised. Not only the phone was fast, but also the features were quite innovative. For a person who comes from iPhone background, I was impressed by seeing the user interface. If I want to put it in a nutshell, the windows phone is just different from other smart phones. and certainly for the price (170$ tax and shipping included thanks to Amazon market place :) ), it was a no-brainer.

I bought this phone to be used in Peru. I was able to install a local sim card to make phone calls, and in any case wifi worked perfectly fine without SIM card. It was unlock and arrived in original box, brand new. Very happy with phone.

I ordered this phone because of the reasonable price and the wonderful reviews that it has received by others on Amazon and on the T-mobile web site. The phone arrived as promised in excellent condition. I was a little up set at first because you can't put a SD memory card in BUT the phone's storage is enough to hold all of my music and pictures with no problem. I did have to get my SIM card cut because this phone takes a micro SIM card and my previous phone had a Macro SIM card. All in all, this is a excellent phone, I LOVE IT and would recommend it to anyone.
