
i had to returned the one i ordered because for some reason the one i got was so low in hearing and i do have a bit of a hearing problem but over all it was really pretty,

I purchased this phone about 2 months ago and now the phone restarts itself couple of times per day. It is turned off and turned on right a way it self without reason.Very annoying. I called warranty service wich is 3rd party and they said that i have to send the phone and it might take 16-18 days.If they can not fix it then they will exchange to the new phone. That means I will not have the phone that much time? I asked any spare phone or just exchange it but they said it is amazon.com's policy. I called amazon.com and they said after 30days from the purchase day, they have nothing to do with the phone. I called Samsung manufacture and they said this phone is from UK. In order to repair or any other issue, I should contact UK. Unbelivable.They have 1 years warrenty but which is useless. Basically, if the phone has a problem, you should buy the new phone.

My last iphone 3 was not the same jailbroken as this galalxy.. its a good fone for a good price and the 16gb memory card as well will lead to many journeys

battery barely holds 12 hours . shuts down a lot. this is not a real samsung phone. Its another scam

The cell phone reset a lot times no any reason,sometimes when I finished the call, some time even no any call.When I was calling I can not find the input number key! so bad for the phone I will not buy Samsung phone never!!!!!!!

very nice I will get one more very soon my daughter love very much so I will buy it today

samsung gt-s5360l galaxy is an excellent phone, easy to use and it exceeded my expectation.  I'll highly recommend this phone.  The delivery was fast.  Thanks

I currently live in Europe and I was a little hesitant on purchasing this phone. I received my phone 7 Mar 2012 and so far everything works well. My SIM card fits in the phone and all the features of my cellphone plan work with no problems. So far so good....I'll re-post more later.

I ordered this phone and it was quite a good selection. It works pretty good, and is pretty. It is used with a case as protection.

I bought this for my wife once she had her LG my touch stolen.The best thing is that it uses android and is very easy to use.We have t-mobile, so we had to call customer service to setup the data. You have to use another phone to do it but is very easy.The screen is not that clear, but is good enough.The camera is fine.Good spare and good price.Next time, we will buy insurance ;)

Its very small and has a very small capacity. I had to purchase an extra memory card to be able to use more space. I also couldn't find a case for it in the market . So Iam thinking of throwing it.

Don't even touch with a 20ft pole...stay far..... always loosing connection with the net work.. this phone is Crap,Crap,Crap do not buy...if you want one that bad I will give you mine for free....

excellent service delivery was prompt,,,, I traveled overseas the phone worked well good reception awesome,,,, save a lot of money on overseas phone charges by just activated a sim,,,, I would truly recommend this product

very good phone i love it  very good phone love it thank you for the phone it is a awesome

Phone is slow, clumsy.  Touchscreen is offset to the bottom and to the right.  Internal memory is insufficent for the apps the come standard on the phone.  The Seller (BlueTech) is terrible, liers, and rude.  Phone is labeled as "international", but in reality it shoudl read "POS rejected by unknown foreign nation".  Phone unable to save APN settings if you are interested in using multimedia or data.Overall the phone is almost $150 for a 2MP camera. Deserves 0 stars.

We bought this phone for our kid. It was working fine for a few first months.  After a few months, the phone stopped working, it will give us a message &#34;Mobile network is not available&#34;.  We tried different SIM cards, and the message is still the same.

hey guys if you wanna buy anything go to amazon it is great store. I ORDER THAT PHONE WOW I REALLY LOVE It HAS A GOOD SPEAKER,you can make your room sound loud,on my tought that phone is too cheap when i tell my friends how much i buy that phone they dont beleive me at all, WHEN I FIRST RECEIVE THAT PHONE ONE OF MY SISTER SAID BROTHER WHERE DO YOU GET THAT PHONE, I WAS LIKE AMAZON .COM THIS IS WHERE YOU CAN A BETTER DEAL.MY ITEM ONLY TAKES TWO DAY TO CHIP .I WILL NEVER GO OUTSIDE TO buy MY items ,IMA JUST STAY HOME,GET MY LAPTOP THEN GO TO AMAZON.COMSamsung GT-S5360L Galaxy Y Unlocked Quad-Band 3G GSM Phone with Android OS, 3-Inch Touchscreen, 2MP Camera, Wi-Fi and GPS - US Warranty - WhiteIMA ENCOURAGE YOU GUYS  HELP AMAZON GWOWING UP,BUY YOUR STUFF AT AMAZON.COM i ordered that phone last saturday,they brought it for me yersterday, i was not availlable,i received it today.

Bought this one for a non-technical savy person with short eye sight. I believe it will work fine. The phone arrived in new condition, in time and with all its accesories.

This phone is small, light and with a battery that lasts two days of regular use.It is a real Android Smartphone, a good entry-level way into the smartphone realm.As cons, the screen resolution is limited, the camera is not very good and the CPU is somewhat slow, but for the price you cannot really complain.

I was hesitant to buy this because it might not work in our country but it did.. happy with my purchase!

I read review carefully and I choose this smart phone. Size is just like a iPod touch,  but screen is  much smaller than that.I  have very small  hands, so I don't have any problem with type words, other things.Access  to Wifi , it is ok to me,but i feel sometime slow.My career is T-moxxxx, it work well. I like this phone ! Because size, and looks ( small I phone , inexpensive & unlock phone).I highly recommended to all.* I use this phone USA/ Japan two country , I find sim card career  for Japan . Such  a great ,smart phone!Up date after travel to Japan.It didn't work!  And I have getting trouble now. When I got call , always my ear touch "call numbers", then hung up!  I need change my star to only one.9/19/12.

I received this product and I live in the US. I loved the phone but was not compatable with the data and mms for at&t. I made several attempts with the company to get it to work, but it was simply the phone. Also, the app store was not US version and the same apps my husband used for his android were not available.

I got this phone for my 20 year old granddaughter on her birthday.  She loves using it and I feel the price was better than any other place I checked.

I am completely satisfied with the Samsung Galaxy GSM cell phone.  I gave it as a Christmas present to my grand son and he loves it.  That says it all.

I purchased this phone from Amazon LLC knowing if it did not work, I could immediately return it for a full refund or replacement. But it worked just fine out of the box with a T-Mobile pay-as-you-go SIM card.There is a lot to like about this phone. It's compact, nicely styled, and has one of the latest phone versions of Android. WiFi video calling via Skype using the front mounted camera works great, and this saves cell minutes. I do like the white color and silver trim.What I don't particularly like is the 320x240 screen: it looks fuzzy. But then all smartphones with such a low resolution screen look fuzzy. And the main camera is only 2 MP.However this is one of the lowest prices for an unlocked smartphone of any type, and the Samsung brand with no-hassle Amazon LLC shopping experience makes it worthwhile. You can shop around and find a better deal, perhaps, but then your phone would be carrier locked or an off-brand.Four stars because the 320x240 screen, while serviceable, is a hindrance to enjoying this otherwise excellent phone.

I went online to buy printer toner and this phone was shown to me at a ridiculous price.  I had to double and triple check but that was what was shown so I purchased it and I am so excited.  The phone is quite lovely and it works great!  I have only had it for a few hours but so far so good!They have since fixed the price but I got the phone at the other price so I LOVE AMAZON! woo hoo! And I was not even looking for a phone. Gotta love impulse buying...

Product arrived  as promised. Nice phone, SCREEN IS JUST TOO SMALL........I had no problem with the network  that I am using it with ,set up was a breeze.  Took it on vacation it worked just fine I will have to purchase a new phone with a bigger screen.

I'm having problems programing phone to specific settings. info not in the book. I like the phone very much i'd  like to be able to program it with the book.

This phone is very nice apart from the tiny screen size. It's difficult to "swype" messages. Also, although the text messaging is in conversation format, you cannot see any of the messages when you are responding because the screen is blocked almost entirely by the keyboard.

First of all, I was very pleased with Amazon's 1 day shipping. I reckon I received this item in 16 hours! That was fantastic. When I opened the box, the packaging appeared good enough to transport crystal. Now comes the phone which was also a bundle of surprises. I have been using a HTC Sapphire One for a long time and after I switched to this, it made me feel that I was using the Android OS all over again but in a newer smaller smarter phone. WI-FI works very well and I did all the software and apps update in a jiffy. No complains about battery. Call processor, bluetooth service - A1. Overall I think it's a very good phone for the price. Fingers crossed!After 15 days of use, I can add that if you have fat fingers, don't buy this phone. Texting is a real pain in the behind and also using the apps. Time to time the phone does become "No service" but I guess it's the carrier, not the phone. The virtual keyboard froze just once & a restart fixed it. Stay tuned for later.3 months' update: It's getting worse and worse as the days are going by so I am reviewing my review from Excellent to Very Poor! The phone processor now reminds me of the 386 I learned Word Perfect and DOS in. It responds horribly slow despite keeping the minimum apps & always clearing RAM through the Task Manager; sometimes it responds to a command long after cancellation & it has once,for example, embarrassed me calling an important client twice in a row for nothing. Touch sensitivity, display sensor - pretty much screwed. It has restarted couple of times on its own & I am yet to figure out why. Internal memory is so small that I am desperately seeking to "root" it. Another funny thing I discovered is the display appears "cracked" when I go to check the "Phone status" under "Settings"...very weird! It appears fine in other menus/sub menus. I really wish I could give this back but I guess I am stuck with it. To all the potential buyers, lessons learned, #1 NEVER TRUST A "NEW" CONDITION CELLPHONE HERE-THEY ARE ALL REFURBISHED; #2 TO EASE ALL PAIN, BE PATIENT & BUY YOUR CELLPHONE FROM AN ACTUAL STORE. Best reviews, top sellers, top rated plus seller...don't trust them.

I liked my cellphone it is exactly what I was looking for because is small and it has all that i want. Just one thing that I was surprised is that I can't do video calls by skype. Even that it accomplishes my expectations. I recommend to people who likes small and simple things.

i really loved the phone, its my first smart phone, and i loved it, the wifi and hotspot was so great. after this i had htc titan2 and i sent it back the second day i used it, i changed to htc vivid and sent it also back in 2weeks and i am now waiting for lg l7 and just waiting to see how its going to beat the galaxy y, because so far none of this so called big smartphone has been able to beat it. i will strongly recommend this galaxy y phone to anyone.its true,dont judge a book by it size.

Received this in the mail (ordered through Amazon.de, of course) a couple weeks ago and haven't had a single problem yet. I live in Germany for now and use the Aldi Talk sim card. The speed, display quality and size of the phone make me wonder who would pay more for the "bigger version" - the SIII. I've got pretty big trombonist hands and even I don't have a problem using Whatsapp and surfing the web on the screen that so many others on here like to criticize. If you're looking for something that gives you a great bang for the buck then I'd order this phone every time. There's nothing screaming cheap quality on it and honestly it makes me laugh to think of people spending hundreds more on a phone that's just a bit bigger. Phone calls are also pretty clear and of course the Android system makes it user-friendly. For those of you who are paranoid about the big bad Google monster tracking you down, you can simply uncheck the locations boxes at the beginning of the initial setup when you first start your phone.

it is a good cellphone, is small but confortable, it is fast and beauty. I am very happy whit it.

Work fantastic...Is a great phone,All On timeGreat priceLook like new, all on the package, and is over my expectation.

This phone turns itself on and off for no reason.  Luckily it started doing it just a couple of days after i got it so I am sending it back.  Also will not connect to the tmobile 3G network, I called Tmobile who told me to call Samsung who told me they could not help me because the phone is meant for the Philippine market and Samsung USA could not tell me anything about it.  I called the Philippine Samsung people and they tried to take me through the process to set the phone up to connect to 3G but the menus are different on the phone than what the customer service agent was seeing so it appears impossible.  Its a nice phone but just doesn't work properly...

This phone cost far less than the much touted Galaxy3 but has all the features minus the G rating. It has many useful features like email, skpe, messenger, google, internet browser, calender with appointment and event capability, GPS, mobile locator and hotspot detection. If you are looking for a low cost phone that delivers like a more expensive samsung this is it.

This one just show down at me ....I was very disappointed... because I really like the size. So sad. Really sad.....

Except for the internal Memory Capacity, the fast diminishing battery life when Apps are used, and the tiny keyboard on the screen (which improves a little when the phone is turned sideways) I don't have any complaints about the phone which I use mainly for SMS texting and making phone calls.  It syncs nicely with my google account and to deal with the first two issues above I have put in a micro card and have removed all none Samsung Apps except for Kindle.  It is unlocked and thus I was able to put my regular sized SIM card in and use right away after 4 hours of charging.  The radio function works fine once the earphones are plugged in, the earphones work fine for driving and speaking on the phone, the wifi also works well, and so does the camera (in natural daylight) which I used the day after receiving the phone to take photos at a wedding.  So all in all, if you want a little Smart Phone for mainly texting and making phone calls then you won't regret getting it (I have the white but the black with the metallic back is also nice looking).  If you want to run Apps on it then be prepared to get a Micro Card to store the Apps and for charging it every day or maybe more than once a day depending on how many Apps you are running.

I was worried about upgrading online.  No problem. It was clearly described and the description was totally correct.  My son liked it so well, I had to get him one too.

It's really an axcellent phone. Just one thing for the seller, the Model is GT-S5360L (not 5630). I expected this model were more advanced, but it is just a model number error. Every body could buy this phone just for the higher model but when i received it i could verify the right model number is 5360.

For no reason the phone restart, reboot itself for the following reason(s)Even when the signal/tower strength is full, the phone doesn't make call. When we press call it stays in the call connecting mode for few seconds and gets disconnected by itself, but does not make a ring on the other end. We have Nokia phone with another connection from the same carrier and that makes call without any issues during these times.1. Mostly after ending a phone call with bluetooth on.2. Mostly after receiving a missed call3. Occationally after ending a phone call without bluetooth on.4. Back key does not work some times.5. Some times the home button need to be pressed twice to come to home page.6. Battery is get drained too quickly than before even with bluetooth and wireless off.I have lost considerable amount of business as I'm not aware when this phone will work. Many times for a whole day I haven't got any call but when I restart manually I will show that many people have left very important voice messages. So KINDLY buy some other working phone.

Excellent cell for a person that do not use ANDROID to the extend of it capabilities but still like Android. My wife is not that technical and like her phone as basic as posible. This unit is alse the right size for her as she dont like new big screen phones that take to much space.

Excellent, 100% recommended, easy to use, fast and little, like a first smartphone with touchscreen, is a excellent option... excellent product

This phone has no memory and it started to crash all the time for my daughter when she was using it. Contacted the seller, the middle man and nobody will offer a warranty after one month, this crashed during the second month I had it.  I was told to go talk to Samsung so it looks like these "unlocked" phones suffer from poor customer service.  Don't think I will buy another from these electonics sellers.  Very unhappy.

I choose this cell phone because It gives me a lot of fuctions and velocity. It's a good smartphone. So practical and easy to use. I recomed it to young people. But it haven't memory capacity, is necesary to use a memory card.

This phone look nice and have good applications, but to write and messages, email and other applications, is very uncomfortable, my finger touch two o more letter at the same time.The camera is a little bit  poor, the price is reasonable, but you get what you pay.

This product was so good, Samsung is realiy wining to aple.Good system, but slow, I think is by the physics specifications of the phone.But in general good quality

OK Phone for SMALL fingers......Long nails won't help.......Very difficult to remove back to change SIM out cards for foreign travel....Price of $25 more for white verus black totally unjustified.......

the phone makes calls by itself. it calls my wife number several times a day without my awareness. some of my friends call me the phone displays my wife number. I would think my wife is calling me, but when I pick up it is buddy on the line. All my old munbers would transfer to the new phone. it is just trouble after trouble.

The phone is fit for young people.The white one is cute and good for girls... The touch screen is little bit small for man I guess.

I had to returned the phone 2 X ..end up the same problem. Look like the did not test the phone before go out to market.

This is good product and well worth the price. It keeps up with the brand name. I like it and will recommend it for my friends

lo recomiendo es lo q se describe  . . . . . . . . . . . . .
