
GREAT phone!  Unfortunately, it stopped reading the sim card within the first two weeks. First checked with my carrier - it was not the sim card.  Then called Samsung.  They said it was likely the SIM card reader.  They also stated the phone was over a year old and not under warranty.  Returned the item as defective.

Phone was brand new and works better than the phone my mom got originally from AT&T.  I only paid $80.00 more than what the phone insurance was charging us for a replacement and the replacement wasn't the same phone. :(

this is a big phone for big people, this is a great web solver, infact you no longer need a tablet if you have this big thing, I will definately recomend it for all web solvers instead of big and costly tablet

This note is perfect for me. I wanted the size, but not quite the bulk of the Samsung Mega. It is larger then the Galaxy 2, but once you get use to the size it is phenomenal. The internet speed is acceptable and the 4G lte is nearly as fast as my cable connections.I am not a senior citizen, but the size is quite helpful for those with less then perfect eyesight. The display and graphics are not perfect but quite adequate for my purposes. This is my third android, but by far the best.There will be no turning back from this device aside from a note upgrade.

I received the phone rather quickly. I'm quite impressed by the condition of the phone after being used. I wasn't sure if I would enjoy the larger screen, but now I wouldn't go back. I bought this phone to put on straight talk and thought I would have conflict finding a sim card, but I actually didn't. The phone takes the regular sim that they send so no need to worry. Plus the service is great, and the phone runs rather fast. I wouldn't trade it.

We liked it , it was awesome, still looked new gonna use it for 5-10 more years before buy an upgrade version.

The phone was great. Brand new. Unlocked and no issues. My only problem is that it has a little bit of a lag on typing. I will type and what I'm saying will not end in the box for a couple seconds.  Other wise its great. I recieved the phone quickly. Oh the lock screenhas a lag too. it will freeze or it just won't respond.

In terms of value for money, the product is outstanding.  It is a bit of an old lady in terms of the android version it is running but it works well enough not to be problematic.  I brought it back to Switzerland with me and it works very well here.  The battery life has to be watched.. the screen uses a lot juice but this is manageable with care.I got a bargain  !

i have wantethis phone since it was released....when i recieved it in the mail i was estatic...and it works wondeefully..iam very happy and greatful for this phone..it takes wanderful picturesand it has a flash, which is very helpful

this is a great phone i love everything about it. never had any problems with it thanks again i will buy soon

It took a long time to get to me, but when I finally got it I was pleasantly surprised.  It was in an almost new condition. I'm still getting to know it, but so far I like it better than any of the others I have bought. It is easy to use and has many useful personalization options to customize it just the way you like it.  I held back on one star because it took so long to get to me.

This arrived yesterday at 3. I had it setup on Straight Talk by 4. That includes internet and picture messaging. If you cant do this in an hour you shouldn't own unlocked phone. Will chime in in a month or so with how it works over time.

I just want to add that this phone is unlocked and works on T-Mobile prepaid plan.I'm getting 4G LTE, on NJ.Also,To update to Jelly Bean 4.1.2, just install Samsung Kies, it's a free app from Samsung.Connect the phone, and after connecting to it, it will request to update.I personally recommend that after an update you do a factory reset to delete anything left from the previous 2.3 android system.Phone worked so much smother after doing a factory reset, as recommended by Samsung support (found it online on a forum).Finally, all the ATT apps can be disabled.Just go to Setting -&#62; Application Manager -&#62; ALL (you need to swipe right to get here) -&#62; click on the APP, instead of having a uninstall option, you will be able to disable them.That's it!Hope it helps someone, as for me it was a trial, I couldn't really find simple answer on the internet.I didn't load any modem driver, rooted, etc.This is unrooted and stock.

would recoment it to anyone looking to make calls and surf the net , great buisness tool here. go out and get yourveeno

battery life is the worse also problem finding the right car charger to chargemy phone die even when connected to the car charger and phone acknowledge the charger no very dependable

Easy to use. And even if you could find the 3rd model on the marketplace, you'll get several similarities. All the principal and more.

Awwww yeah, I love this thing. Only recommendation I have is to root it out and install an underclocking app...that way you can help with the battery life.

i have a head injury from Afghanistan that has messed my eyes up where the iphone and i had to part it will be missed But i have not been so hAppy as to be able to see what i m typingthank you Samsung note

I returned this item 2 weeks after using it. The phone was slower than my 98-year old crossing a street. it is slower than old version of internet explorer. it freezes when trying to switch call back. sometimes, it freezes when trying to hang up after calls. it is very depressing to have this phone.

I purchased this from them and received it the next day,completely happy with the phone.nothing wrong with it,no scratches or any flaws,works perfect.would for sure buy this again and just may for my wife

I love everything about this phone the screen is BIG, and I will never go back to a smaller phone again.  I purchased a Straight Talk sim card and $45 airtime at Walmart.  I installed it and had the phone working in about half an hour.  The phone takes a standard SIM card not the micro.

It was supposed to be white. I already ordered the accessories for it. It was cobalt blue when it came in. Looks more like black. The s pen is missing and the hole where it goes is caked with dust. But on a good note, I fell in love with this phone the minute I powered it on. Best looking screen I ever saw on a phone. Lightning quick response, fast on the Internet, loud speakers, and for such a big phone, I can't even tell its in my pocket. I had to keep checking. The sound is great. I watched tv on Hulu with no lag. Totally worth the money. I just would suggest that you buy one somewhere besides this place.

The phone is working perfectly however even the box was completely sealed the S pen was missing, since the purchase was for shipment abroad US costs most the shipment of the replacement than buying it back home !!

the phone was advertized as new but came in an open box with a scratch on the screen... it is a small scratch, and other than that in perfect condition as far as i can tell, but was not NEW.

I bought this phone this past week. It was suppose to be an unlocked phone. We'll ITS NOT unlocked. I contacted the seller about it and they will not email me back, so I went to cellunlocker.net and had to pay 25 bucks for an unlock code. Was very easy to do and the phone works great. But the seller is falsely advertising this phone. If the phone had been unlocked or the seller would of at least gave me an unlock code so I wouldn't of had to pay for it would of rated higher because the phone it's self is great!

i think this item is ok in fact i love it couple weeks with it already and im loving it.........

this is support to be a new phone but this phone freeze up sometime what am I support to do about that a new phone should freeze up this is new ok ..

Is device industry Korean Genuine Will you charge your international nowhere does support Arabic lists and writing .I hope answer me .Thanks

Everything about this phone is good. But the battery runs out too quickly. Sometimes it doesn't get charged. I had to remove battery and put it back to get it charged. I don't know why that is happening.

Great phone....great features........the battery life SUCKS though!!!! It loses charge very quickly and I have to always ensure that I have a charger with me. Even if I have this plugged into my car charger and I have an app like waze running, the battery LOSES charge.

I love my new Galaxy Note with the 5.3 inch screen. It works well in all areas I do suggest using an extended battery. I bought my note brand new and was less then what I paid for my Galaxy S II

This deal was not supposed to be for me, because it's a AT&T; phone -and I'm on T-Mobil; but the seller made it work, and I'm satisfied. I don't want to mislead any potential buyer, so i'l say be aware of the carrier, because the phone still tries to connect with AT&T; ever so often. but it's working fine with my T-Mobil plan.I appreciate the Turbo Tunes efforts to resolve my issue.

I love my Galaxy Note! I love the size of the screen and all of the capabilities! The phone was delivered ahead of schedule, which for me, is always a plus! I have had no issues with this phone!

I am not happy with product it doesn't hold a charge , it blank out it's no good!!! I would like to speak to someone who can help

I had to order this phone twice. The first time I ordered it, it came from Tablet Distributors, & I received it right before going on vacation. I found out on vacation that the charge port on the phone was bad by going by an actual AT&T store & them diagnosing the problem of why the phone would not charge. In order to have a phone on vacation Amazon told me I would have to buy another one & send the first one back. After finally getting the second one, from Cell Floor, I opened it & found that it was in fact NEW. The first one obviously was not NEW, as advertised but USED. The first one not only did not come with all the manuals but it came with a completely different charge cord & adapter. I did not realize until I got the second one of how it was suppose to be packaged & what was suppose to come with the phone. I should have known better. The back was just laying in the bottom of the box with no kind of wrapper around it or anything. I don't know how many times they have tried to sale that same phone but they need to retire it because it is BROKEN & USED! I will be sending the first one back soon, since I am finally back from vacation & Amazon said it must be sent in it's original packaging. I'm hoping I receive my money back asap because it's not a cheap phone especially for having to pay for it twice. I will say Amazon was quick to help when we were in a pinch. About the phone: The phone is awesome! It has a great screen, easy to see, & the battery life seems to last a good while between charges. It also takes wonderful pictures! The stylus option is pretty neat, too!

This cellphone is npt really new because the loud speaker already broke... I need address to send it back

I was worried that being unlocked would not be enough because I was not using AT&T as my cell provider. I was wrong. It has truley exceeded all of my expectations. The only thing I can't get it to do so far is to update with new software, via Kies Air.

After just 4 months, I have replaced this phone with Galaxy Note 3. I love the Samsung galaxy Note and now have had all three versions. I actually have been very happy with this product as long as it is factory unlocked but this phone was the AT&T unlocked version and had lots of issues. Worst part was the interference by AT&T and it has been the slowest of any of the trree I have had. As I need the phone for business, speed is important. I would certainly recommend the Galaxy Note, just not this phone!!!

This has amazing features, and a big screen. I used to have a apple product and It didn't have a stylus so I was unable to use it in the cold due to my gloves. This one comes with a stylus which is a big pro in my case. Breed shipped on time and they communicated with me so that I never worried that it would not arrive.

Great phone working well so far ,I'm glad I waited and got this one,It was a lot pricey but I think it was a good buy,wish me luck.3/15/2013 sometimes my screen freezes up,I've heard of old iphones doing this put not this kind of phone ,if it starts happening more often I'll have to take it to a shop.

I Love this phone. I use for my professional and personal use. I can keep important information at my finger tips. I would recommend any type of Samsung Note to a consumer. The Samsung Note has been the best cellular phone I have ever owned.

This phone is great but I am pretty upset ... Why? Because I will never be able to use a smaller screen again. Just kidding but I bought this from Amazon because I got bored with my iPhone 4s. I've been with iPhone since 2007 and me leaving for Android was something I was real hesitant to do, but that big screen was tempting, I decided to do it and don't regret it one bit. Even though the unlocked Note has a faster processor, this phone is still super fast and has blazing fast LTE. My only concern was the battery life and I am even happy with that. I can go a full day and some on a single charge. Of course I rooted the phone and added a custom rom so I expected this (custom roms are more battery friendly then stock Android). When I was on stock I could still make it most of the day with moderate-heavy usage (By heavy I mean internet, twitter, instagram, messaging, music, it was just non stop usage). The camera is great, photos look amazing even in low lighting, and the screen is like an HD television. You can even buy a bluetooth keyboard and and hook up a mouse to use this thing like a computer! The S pen is a great feature even though I don't use it much. The only real complaint I have is how long it takes to charge which is around 3 hours, I mean you have to expect it because the battery is HUGE (2500mAh) so yeah it takes awhile to charge. After the first few battery cycles however charging time will improve. Anyway the phone itself is just a beautiful sight to look at, I get compliments everywhere I go like "Whoa look at the size of that thing!" no but seriously everyone is shocked at the size and then they instantly love it. In all honesty I was a bit nervous when I first received it because it really is a big phone, but after a week I viewed it as a normal size phone and everyone elses as too small (seriously I can't go any smaller now), and I would even considered going bigger. I can't wait for the Galaxy Note 2 which is rumored to arrive in December. Honestly if you don't care about 4G LTE (because that's the AT&T Note's specialty) then I would get the unlocked Galaxy Note N7000 it has a faster processor and better battery life. Both are great phones however, and I wouldn't trade this thing for any other phone not even the new Samsung Galaxy S III. It's the best Android phone ever!

It is very risky to buy this phone. If this would have been 100$ then ok. But with 500$ not worth at all. There are other phones with less price and very good performance.Recently One of my friend had bought that and it is giving lots of issues, like randomly 10 to 20 times it 'll lost the network and you have to reboot the phone.Most of the time it hangs. This is not even worth for 1* rating. I had a chat with Amazon CC, they said to contact SurgeTelecom. But, when I tried to find some info about SurgeTelecom nothing I got.

I was very happy with my purchase. This phone is great all though it might be too big for some people, I personally don't mind. The phone is great came in super fast and the packaging was very good to, it came in two boxes so it was well protected.

Waste of purchase. I had was to return it I regret it cause it is straight up garbage no good.

This is a good phone and takes very good pictures,  i would highly recommend this phone especially for international use

Well first its not unlock it got really slow the 2nd day i got it and then the camera is really ugly had to pay 45 $ to unlock it and then sometimes when it feels like it it reads my sim card

The box has sigh of open and bang.The phone itself is ok. The back cover does not close completely.  It keeps popping out.I am tmobile.  It took me  2 weeks to get some apps working. I still cannot get rid of AT&T; stuffs.

My new phone is amazing. Its not the newest model but so what. It works great. I even gave my daughter my Samsung tablet now because the phone pretty much does everything I need it to. The battery last for the bay but its because i have too many applications running. Great buy indeed.Crisp clear screen , Excellent camera and I'm a photographer.

I like the phone. It was just what I was looking for in an upgrade. Yet, I was disappointed to know that the reason why the image of the phone in the above photo does not show the front of the screen; because it's actually an AT&T phone! The AT&T logo is on the front of the screen, and I was expecting to use the phone on verizon network. I went with another company besides ATT using a sims card since it needed one. Disappointed that the seller didn't specify these phones are programed by ATT and come in ATT boxes. FYI. But it does work with a sims card and I haven't had any problems with it. Thank the Lord.

i was kind of worried because of some of the reviews but this phone is amazing, i don't think ill ever go back to a small phone

From reading ALL of the reviews before I bought this phone, I wasn't convinced. Most of the reviews left for this phone let me down. I was very pleased to find a phone with great specifications and an unbeatable price, but reading the reviews made me think twice.. I took my chances and bought the phone which it shipped in 3-4 days of purchase. When I opened it, the phone was in its original packaging plus they threw in a FREE pair of earphones. My carrier was tmobile and it worked fine when I inserted my sim. Everything was just as i hoped! Then the battery life was acting up. The battery just drains by itself....it may be due to the gigantic screen, so buy a 3000mah battery just in case. I love the phone and NO it's not slow...it's amazingly fast....I suggest you buy "new" from LUCKY BUY RETAILERS. ~ Dawit

This sucks. Waste of my money. Won't buy from BlueDot ever again. Never.. wish I could give no stars or half a star.

I love the size.  It is so easy to text with and not at all difficult to maneuver as a phone.  The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating is that when I unplug it from the charger it takes a few seconds for the screen to &#34;wake up&#34;.  If I try to go to the home screen it doesn't do anything.

Great phone! Nicest one I've ever owned! Great price, too. I don't think I'll be switching phones for a long time.

This phine i didnt use this yet  i still waiting my sim,but how the look im sure i gonna love it,

it is a very good phone excellent and a good buy no regrets the seller is very honest with a good professional advise to guid buyers visiting their website the phone has lots of accessories available in the market

to be honest the phone is great, but as it say, it should of be unlock, but as i get my phone, it is not function i put in the chip, and it ask me to put in a unlock code, so i end up spend 40$ more to unlock it since i live out side of the state.

Phone arrived just when and how it said it would. Seller has great communication, very fast and easy to deal with. I am 100% enjoying this phone. It is my first android and I could not praise it more. I will not go back to iphone. I do wish the battery lasted longer but, that is what I get for having a big phone that does lots more than what I really need. :)UPDATE 4/4/14 currently trying to obtain a refund. After 2 batteries, 2 new chargers, and a replacement phone.  Just InCase has been working with me and Amazon on this issue. Long Story short, a short time after writing my original feedback the phone started having charging issues. The new battery helped a bit but soon started its problems again. A new charger was then sent...problems continued to get worse. A new phone was issued...now less than 3 weeks in, Im seeing the same problems starting with this one. I will post an update when things have been resolved.

does what is says on the tin this is value for money, a good phone although the model is somewhat dated

im very dissappointed with this product.....first off all i trust very much amazon.i order alot and idont have any problem with all my order.i even applied to be a prime.because i enjoy ordering.but the one item i order which is  galaxy note 4gLTE 1717 16 GB unlocked gsm phone.i was very  dissappointed.supposed to be my present to my wife when i went home in the philippines.when she first try to used it,there is no signal.she cannot make call and tex.the phone can use only for internet i bring  it to the samsung  center here in the philippines which is not cover of warranty.they told me the problem is the  IMEI and the charge for that IMEI is 260 us dollar.which is big money.so i decide not to repair the phone.can the amazon do something about this...thank you

This is my first smart phone so the reader should take this into account.Out of the box it is an attractive smartphone, not too big, not too small, but just right. It fits easily in your jeans pocket and is pretty light. The one I received had an AT&T; logo on top and was loaded with AT&T; specific aps. I purchased this GSM unlocked phone so I can use it both here and internationally with other SIM cards. Call quality is good, internet search speed is fast. Battery life is a relatively short ~ 8 hours. The ads I've seen make the stylus pen appear to perform magic. I've not been able to use it to do more than write and draw.  After a few weeks I'm still entertaining myself trying to learn how to take advantage of all it's features.Sure the note 2 and three are faster and probably better in every way. But they are also 2 to 4 hundred dollars more respectively.

I specifically asked the Seller whether the Samsung Galaxy Note phone was unlocked and able to be used as a hotspot to which the response was yes.  I have since learned that the product while unlocked for voice, texting and for data in unlocked, it is blocked for tethering!  The product is also loaded with software from ATT and has the old SIM Card that is no longer used by many carriers.  Buyers would be better off with later versions of this phone.  Phone arrived on time and in good condition, but it is a bummer with the labor intensive work I will need to do to get it to work with T-Mobile.  Should others run across this as a problem, I recommend checking out the T-Mobile website ([...] other providers websites to get information on how to properly unlock and unblock this phone for hotspot usage.

I would like to know when I will receive the package I paid extra for Saturday mail could you please get back to me sincerely jayson kuhles

I love this phone, with only one exception... I have to have it on speaker to hear the person on the other end or for them to be able to hear me... the speaker function is very sensitive though... I can put the phone down and be heard from across the room. I'm still playing around with the functions and adjusting from my much smaller, not-so-smart, smart phone.

Great phone with huge screen. although they need to do a better or stronger design on the charging ports. Just plain cool

This cell phone screen is amazing, with s pen, i can use it for emailing and the camera is good.

Incredible screen (image and touch response). The camera is the best of ithe pack. It would be a five star if it had Portuguese language.

I love the phone and everything it does I would like to know more it was like being blind to see how the phone works I never received a manual when I purchased this phone it would nice to have one

its just like it said the only thing is it dont like to charge but in my car but nice phone

It is not bad but some time when people call me i receive too late rarely by mis call that the only problem I meet with this phone if not it is good.

Very disapointing the first phone that came didn't charge so it had to go back it has taken 4 weeks for the shipping then there was no return ticket so we had to pay to send in the phone. Also this phone was not compatible with Verizon so we had to go to another service. Beware if you think buying a new phone will fix your problems there are hidden fees and rules that I had no idea about.

I bought this phone to use with T-Mobile's $30 plan and it is a great phone. Anyone looking at this phone for the T-Mobile $30 plan, it is compatible with T-Mobile's LTE network. The phone that I got still had the gingerbread version of Android on it but this was easily upgraded as Samsung has officially released the jelly bean version for this phone, you just need to download the Samsung KIES program. Once you install and run KIES all you need to do is connect your phone to your computer via USB and it will automatically update.I highly recommend this phone, as long as you don't mind your friends making fun of your giant phone. I would have given 5 stars if the battery life was a little better. I am getting 1 1/2 days per charge which is good but I am used to 2-3 days from the blackberry I upgraded from.

Everyone wants my phone, its nice and so far it does what I want.  I have my phone on straight talk, at first it was hard to get it transferred, but you have to talk to someone who knows what they are doing.  So I did, and now I am taking care of business with my big phone and watching movies, while I wait at the Doctor's office.  I love my phone, glad I got it.  Don't want to go smaller either. Deb

LCD/screen size is awesome.  Everything is fine except slow.Takes too much time to activate an application. If you want to make a call it take at least 5 seconds to appear key pad/phone menu.Can be shorten this time by clearing RAM memory frequently.

I have ordered many cheap cell phones in the past,  and they were awful so I decided to pay more for one,and I got this I have had it for a week and I love it, it has everything on it that I need and all you have to do is touch the screen lightly and it works with no trouble. It is worth the money. I just love it.

Very pleasantly surprised to get my new phone just three days after placing my  order!!! GREAT customer service, thank you. I was worried about purchasing used or refurbished but couldn't afford new so gave it a go and now no regrets, the phone is nice very good condition and I am already in love w/it!

This has been the best buy that i ever made in a long time...In fact, i'm writting since my new Phablet, my Samsung Galaxy Note XD

once you go note there's no going back to anything with a smaller screen!!! I love this phone, after update runs like a champ...better than iphone, nokia, tablets, soooooo happy!!!

Phone is a little bit slow.. well, compared to my Galaxy S3 anyway. It is good enough for my daughter though and I could survive with it as well f I had to. I kept having to clear the rams because something or another would freeze up and I didnt even install and market apps yet. The only ones on my phone were pre-installed. I do like the stylus feature however! Maybe one day I can afford to get the new model Note which I am sure runs faster and has all the bugs and kinks ironed out by now.

I got this phone jan 2014. It is an old version of the note but this phone is way better than any other I have ever had. The screen is amazing and humongous making youtube, surfing and netflixing awesome. Just keep your charger with you. The things you love to do on your cellphone, especially this one, will drain the battery. I purchased a trident case for it. I just drop the phone for fun now. The case is awesome too!!!!!

For one thing I use Straight Talk, and in my area T-mobile phone sims do not work. Thankfully, the operator told me, and placed the order for the right sim card for my area. My husband and grandkids say, &#34;wow, that's a big phone!&#34;  But I like it because I can actually hit the right letters for texting and dialing. plus it has it's own little pen thing that is carried right inside the phone. easy to get out and text faster.  I got the fold over case for it which was just delivered last night. I think I'm going to like that better than the clam case I got at first. It made it feel really bulky and big.  I was so afraid of dropping and breaking it. I want it well protected. I think it's perfect for me.... at this time.  If anything changes, I'll update my review.

one of the ph's is defective it was a haasle to even receive the phs i am done will never order again

Before placing my order, I read as much reviews I could; and I was nervous as I read both the good and the bad of reviews! I just needed this particular phone for my dad, who is  sight challenged as he ages. I must say it might be too early to give my review; BUT so far so good! ... I am 100% happy. I got what I wanted at a good price that I could afford. The package arrived within it's targeted time frame. Getting it to function was just as easy as 1-2-3!!!! ... Yes it is an AT&T phone; it did NOT matter. I took it straight to a T-Mobile Authorized dealer. Initially the Lady helping me in getting the Service initiated thought it was a locked phone. And I was about to get mad at the Seller! ... She then called her Co-Worker to help; they decided to call a sister T-Mobile Authorized Dealer, where they thought I could get the phone unlocked! ... While they were on the phone talking to the Person who would unlock it for me, the Lady told her fellow Co-Worker "never mind! ... It is now getting a signal!" ... The phone was unlocked after all! ... Just needed a couple minutes to start getting the T-Mobile signal! ... Patience is ALL that was needed! ... I am enjoying using the phone so far. I have NO clue on how to use the pen! ... BUT I will figure that out eventually. My dad, I know will love this gift; and I plan to get myself one as well as soon as I give this to my dad! ... It is a beautiful phone; light, and NOT as huge as described in the reviews. I had a beautiful experience with this Seller. It was brand new as described; with it's Manual & accessories enclosed. Yes it has the AT&T Logo on the front. SO WHAT?????

Good smartphone. The phone came with a Android 4.1 upgrade. Works well and has good features. Thought would has some bugs, but had none.

Love the phone, still trying to learn all it does.Only downside is it has to be charged everyday... not used to that part from my dummy phone. It does get pretty warm during use online.  I can also find it easier than my old one... bigger is better :)

I've been eyeing this phone for awhile now and I must admit it didn't look as big until I actually held it in my hand.  WOW!  I don't think I could go back to a small screen again.  Everything was fine with the phone however my GUARANTEED shipping day which was suppose to be the next day didn't happen.  I ordered the phone on a thursday.  I was suppose to receive it by friday.  I didn't have the phone in my hand until Monday.  UPS tracking said it was in my home town and it said it was on the truck for delivery by friday and of course I was excited but it didn't actually arrive at my house until after the weekend.  that was LAME.  Amazon's tracking service was not updating my package status so I went to the official UPS website and imputed my tracking info and it stated that it would be delivered monday while Amazon's tracking said it on the truck out for delivery the whole weekend.  Other then the shipping the phone was great but I wouldn't have paid for next day shipping if I wasn't going to get it the next day.

I did not like the phone at all. It is just way too slow and it freezes every now and then. Have to charge it twice a day as the battery discharges way too quickly. Overall I am very dissatisfied.

so far this is the best phone that i have ordered without giving me any problems. where can i buy extra batteries and headset for this phone

I ordered this phone new, it has obvious wear on the back and scratches on the camera. When u put it on speaker phone there is no sound at all. When i got an incoming call it made no sound. im very dissapointed... i just wanted their description of NEW to actually be just that....NEW! I am returning the phone asap! the seller was aSavings.

Only complaint is that I can't find the fm tuner setting. And that's my complaint not hers. Otherwise a great but huge phone.

It is my own ignorance for not knowing that I bought the Note One and not the Note Two.  But with that said the phone works great and is everything I wanted and needed for business.  You'll have to make all purchases for accessories online because if you try to ask for Note One accessories in the stores, any stores, Best Buy for example, they'll treat you like a second class citizen after speaking condescendingly to you.

it was good (I use &#34;was&#34; because someone slammed it to the ground and it broke), but the only thing I don't like about this is that it doesn't have chinese as a language. Since I bought this for my father, he can't read english and so I had to download 3 other apps to change most of the phone to chinese.

The first phone I received seemed to be defective and would not let me get calls or use some of its features but since I sent it back and received a new one the phone works exactly as it should.

thanks to amazon this is by far the best phone ive ever bought at such a low pricei am happy to say that the phone is working beyond my expectations considering it is a used phone thanks to the seller iam very happy with my purchase i will certainly keep buyng from amazon i tried another site that sells similar products but their products are not to my standards thank you again to the people at AMAZON *****

New phone should come with screen cover and holder. Need to include extended life battery with holder. That would be nice.

I like this because the price was rightFor the products,Samsung is one of the top phones and i need a change to a bigger phone

i love it brand new like said will order future items you have my vote gotta find something for family to use

Love this phone got it on the Straight talk network. It came with no SIM card, so I ordered a Straight Talk SIM card from All Cellular of Irving TX on Amazon and phone works awesome, good battery life and many cool functions. I also got an Otter case for it, and this is a must !! Fast shipping by this company.

I suspect that the difference in processing power of this version compared to the N7000 are true. Certainly the processor makes a difference. I will not deny that the big screen is great for surfing the internet, however, being my first device with Android system I am not satisfied, I feel like basically the operating system (albeit with many more benefits) is slower than my Dell Venue Pro with Windows Phone 7.5. Finish giving it to my wife and I am waiting for devices with Windows Phone 8 price reduction to buy one for me.NOTE: Android as well as iOS provide infinite capacity to modify or place him on the phone many budgies I feel like escaping from my hands, I prefer more defined operating systems with which I feel I have all the control and I take everything to the limit without me that nothing is out of hand.

I love my new phone and it is 100% unlocked and so I can use it in Kenya!!!! Yippee!!!! It came a little bit late which was not good for me because I tend to be impatient. The battery is kinda loose on it, that's why I always put it in a phone case. At times it hangs and most times the processer tends to be slow. My battery charge doesn't even last a whole day after charging it all night. Plus I don't like how my screen tends to be rough. I've tried cleaning it the texture is the same.The front camera is not that good either especially when in a room.

After receiving the phone I find out (the hard way) the phone is defective and will not charge.  After spending almost 3 hours on the phone with samsung, they were able to help me diagnose the issue.

I bought it unlocked to use on T-Mobile for $30 a month. Can't beat it. The phone is plenty fast with the expandable memory and removable battery features. It came with gingerbread and shortly after I updated to ICS. Can't wait for Sammy to put Jelly bean on it.

When I open it I am so excited. I take it to the At&t store and I spend 80$. The sim card didn't work. Whitch that means the phone is useless! I fixed that problem by having to spend 50$ and now when the phone runs out of battery the sim card doesn't work. So I have to turn it on and off mutiple times before the phones sim card works. These Techs said it was the phone not the sim. It also has a problem with the internet. It won't work on 3g internet rather on Wifi. It's good for calls but not internet unless your on wifi. One more thing, When I went to AT&T they said it wasn't there type of phone? Overall it is good for a calling device

With the very nice price discount this device was an upgrade from the $240.00 phone I was sold on.  I have to thank my girlfriend for stating she likes the Note series.

The phone is super cool , it's easy to use and the best part is the battery goes for 3 good days, it's very economical  easy to use and the phone it's pretty

what kind of new phone has no warranty?  which leads me to believe that it is not new.  phone was super hot every time it was used and now battery is dead.  seller has twice told me that he will &#34;try&#34; to get me a new battery (which has yet to show up) and Amazon closed out the request for customer service siding with the seller and their 30 day warranty.  A to Z; I think not!

I recommend this phone to anyone and the also the company because they really care about their customers and are very sincere. I ran into some complications with the first phone that was sent but after contacting the seller I was more than pleased. I spoke with a gentleman named Jay who was more than helpful in resolving the issue I had and had  even shipped a new phone over night. I'm in love with the phone it is plenty big, great condition, and the internet runs super fast.

This is a great phone. It can do everything just right. Reception is very good. This product came quicker than they said and came exactly the way they described. I recommend to all.

I LOVEEE this phone i don't think i can ever go back to a normal sized phone again. It just isn't the same

Why the phone is Made in China,not in Korea!?The phone is perfect,but I still think of words Made in China

The phones sold as &#34;New&#34; were actually either used or refurbished. When the phones arrived, the batteries were used, one of the battery was actually bubbled and the data wires sold as new were used and placed in box with a rubber band. Bought 2 phones from them and both were in similar condition with different style of chargers that were out of original wrapping. When I contacted the seller &#34;Miguel&#34; told me he would take care of it and then I get an email telling that they cant change the accessories as they are &#34;accounted&#34;. I then returned the items and had to pay $14.75 shipping on my own as they did not provide a paid return label. After I placed a review of my experiencing... &#34;Miguel&#34; started calling repeatedly to make me take it down. He coerced me by promising to send discounted or free phones and to pay the shipping cost I paid. Nearly two months later ... Nothing! Do yourself the headache and stay away from this seller .... unprofessional, liars!I finally bought the phones from &#34;Wireless Experts&#34; who are a prime Amazon seller... &#34;Wireless Experts: delivered what they advertised... I love this phone!

The phone is working well and delivery was on time. Although its very hard to get any accessories for this module. If I only new this I would have brought the Note ll or lll

Bought phone for use in Jamaica (Caribbean) and was worried that there would have been issues.  However, it works perfectly and is ideal for those of us who are annoyed by the small screen.  I have a challenge with the battery life and is trying to identify a battery that offers longer life, any suggestions?  Outside of that, the phone is great, even bought one for my friend and she is loving it.

I love the size for internet use.  Don't need to use a notepad got it all in one package deal. Internet connection is fast. Camera well it's okay but i was mainly interested that it's a phone, notepad and camera, internet use, well i can go on.  love it! :)

I give 5 star because it is a very nice phone. It has everything I wanted in a cell phone. I like the size because when I suft the web and read my email its like a little tablet. But when I used it as a phone, is little to big for me. I have to get use to it.Es  muy bonito y tiene todo lo que deseo en un cellular. Me gusta mucho su tamano porque puede ver mejor mi correo y navegar en la red. Lo siento un poco muy grande cuando hago llamadas pero con el tiempo me acostumbrare a el.

An Awesome phone! Once I bought this phone, the iPhone seems so very small and unfriendly! This to me is the size a phone SHOULD BE! Big enough to comfortably text and read email, watch movies and enjoy! The pen stylist is fantastic and all the features of this phone are in my opinion are THE ABSOLUTE BEST!

im not sure how Samusng galaxy would look like.right now i have the Android phone i really dont like it because the battery dies on me every secong. im hoping the galaxy wont act like the andorid phone );  i dont know what rate to give the galaxy because i did not get it yet and im waiting for it .im still crossing my finger .

I needed a phone and got a tablet as a plus! Just love it. It's a good size screen, even for reading.

I expected to have a learning curve on this phone and tab. but I can't figure out half the stuff it is supposed to do and I only have 2 weeks before I go overseas with it and I am frustrated.  I hoped I could do everything I needed on my trip from this and I can't even find a book on it telling me how to operate most of the stuff.

Most of the reviews I read on the Note are so positive that I wonder if I've purchased the same product!! I have had nothing but trouble with it from the beginning. I travel overseas extensively, and for longer periods of time, and therefore required an unlocked phone so I can easily switch SIM cards in other countries and not pay for a contract in the US while I'm away. It has nothing to do with the product itself, but buyer beware, it does cause problems getting support and service...service providers are unimpressed with customers who dont buy the machine from them and those who are not locked in to them by contract. As far as this product is concerned, I have a problem with the handset microphone not working at all (a google search showed this is a common problem). Also, I have problems with several applications turning themselves off and defaulting to the home page and sometimes not working at all. The camera, one of the main reasons I wanted this phone as a result of the rave reviews, is not adequate at all. Pictures are not crisp and even with flash, photos tend to be dark. Also, because of the large size of the camera, it is difficult to handle to take photos.

How do you know which jelly bean version your phone has on it? I want to know if I need to upgrade it or not.

It is the phone I have been waiting for, I receibe very soon y work perfectly, it was very goog deal. thank

The large screen is really a plus but don't download too many applications that need to stay active or you will find the battery flat in only a few hours. Should come with earphones for the price ! You won't go back to a smaller screen once you've used this.

I absolutely love this phone . Best phone by far that i have owned . I even bought my mom a phone like mine ans she loves it . I have no problems with this phone at all . Dont plan on getting another phone for a long time .

let me begin by saying that this phone isn't for everyone. Don't be scared off due to its large size because if you use your phone as a multimedia device for watching videos, reading articles, reading books, playing games, sending emails, etc. then this is the phone for you! if you use a phone STRICTLY as a phone for calling and texting then perhaps a smaller phone is better.The fact is that there are tradeoffs with every decision. getting this big of a phone has a tradeoff of portability and a little convenience. it still does fit in my skinny jeans, however this is more of a two-handed phone. and thats perfectly fine for me because i believe that its worth using 2 hands if i get to enjoy a screen so beautiful and large!although large, its very slim, and smooth. i love it.pros:-the screen is very beautiful and large-resolution of 800x1280-Super Amoled HD screen means that colors are gorgeous, vibrant, and saturated!-slim! so it still fits in my pockets!-Very smooth performancecons:-uses a pentile matrix...this really isn't an issue unless you plan to view your phone from a 170 degree angle. there is no discoloration unless your looking at the screen completely from the side with you eyes level with the screen.-for some reason, there is a discolored patch when taking up close pictures of white objects. I'm not sure why but this isn't an issue when there is adequate lighting and if the object of the picture is further than 2 feet away.overall: an amazing phone! i would definitely recommend!

Received the phone, in Good condition fast ship too: - The phone is wonderful screen is great! I love the larger screen as I don't have to wear my glasses to read the text when made larger, responsiveness is fantastic, no lag.  I had to purchase an ATT compatible sim card to get the MMS and Internet working on the road.  But if you have a straight talk phone with a regular sized SIM card, it will work till you can order the proper one, your phone and text without pictures will work, but the internet and mms will not.  I love the phone only had it a week thus far but it is working like a champ.

Everything is great with this phone after 9 days of use.Phone arrived sealed in packaging.Right out of the box,I inserted my family mobile sim card and the battery.Gave it a full charge,powered it up, and bam,made a phone call.The phone I received has android 4.04 (Ice Cream Sandwich).I think the firmware is upgradeable to 4.12 (jellybean).I have put a few apps on it,and have not found a reason to upgrade firmware yet.The phone is doing everything I need it to do so far (flawlessly).With mild text,calls,and fair internet usage at night,I'm gettin about 15 to 16 hrs of Battery between charges.This is a very big phone,but can still fit in someones pocket.I got a thin case for mine,and fabricated my own streamline (trustworthy) Holster.

The phone sent was not the different from what was ordered. The S pen Stylus was not included in the package as shown. Battery life is very unreliable. Iwill never order phone on Amazon again. I have had 3 bad experiences now. I am done.

This phone is awesome, I love the size of it, made my old phone look like a spec of dirt haha. it is clearly unlocked, I did not get an unlocked code but it works with other sim cards other than AT&T, I'm using straight talk on it, and I'm able to keep the 4G on it, which is awesome. I think this is a great price, because if your like me and wanting to use it for other than AT&T then you will have to pay full price, which can cost alot!!!! I had mine shipped in one day, and it came on time, and I'm very happy with it, and the service I got from amazon!

After a week of jacking around with Straight Talk,  I finally got the correct Sim Card to use, which by the way is an AT&T; Compatible, Regular Sized Sim Card...also called the "Mini-Sim."  It's helpful to know that this card is "25mm x 15mm."  After you select either AT&T; or T-Mobile, you get to choose Micro or Regular Sized Sim for AT&T.;  T-Mobile only offers the Regular Sized Sim, they don't use the "Micro Sim," at least with Straight Talk they don't.I downloaded the Straight Talk APN program but never could get it to work properly.  I had the settings already written down so it was easy to just do it myself.  If anyone has any questions about the APN settings, feel free to ask while fresh in my mind.There has been no weirdness about anything on this phone....everything works perfectly.  I just love the big screen and the way videos look.  I feel privileged to have gotten such a nice phone.  When ordering it from Wireless Experts, they guarantee the phone as new and state what's in the box. They're also are partnered with Amazon so I felt I made a good choice.  It's true what they say about the battery using up a lot of juice.  I'm going to try some alternative measures to see if that helps the battery.  Time will tell.  I'll check back in periodically and let you know if it's still going good.See my update below this post about learning I had a 1 Year Samsung Warranty on Parts and Labor.

I don't know if it is just a problem with the battery or the place where you insert the charger but I am very disappointed with this.My boyfriend bought it for me for Christmas and paid almost $30.00 so I could have it by Christmas.Well I got it on Christmas Eve and it turned on fine and everything. But then it said the battery was about dead so I went to charge it for three hours and it wouldn't turn back on. Charged it for about five hours and still nothing. I am very disappointed. They sent us a shipping label to return it so they better send me a brand new working one or his/our money back.I don't recommend buying this phone. I don't think it was an issue with the seller just the phone.

This phone came packed in its orginal packaging! (Used of course) And it was super easy to set up on the family mobile plan! I would reccomend buying this hone to anyone! Love it!

I don't remember the description saying it was an At&t. Everything else works just fine! Thanks! Please put a FULL detailed description next time.

phone work excellent, ive owned this phone previosly. It work great with straigth talk. i reccoment this phone to people who plan to use it with straight talk.

my bank says the money was debited and sent me a message that was rejected sales as we do?? j

I had The HTC Inspire before i bought this phone. I had been searching for a phone because mine was not work the way it should be. I saw this one and I thought it had a lot of great features. I read the reviews before i purchased it. I kept seeing other people ay that the battery dies a little fast. Yes, that is true. BUT that is the ONLY bad thing I don't like about this phone. This phone works so well. The screen is big ad the features are great. My advice for others that hate having a phone where the battery dies, get back up batteries. I bought and extra pair of batteries so I wouldn't have to worry about my phone dying in a random place, when i needed it the most. This pone is really nice phone. If you've had an android before, this is really easy to navigate. I recommend this phone, especially to phone that are iphone users. I also had an iphone and i loved it but i love this one WAY better.

i like this phone but it is not working properly!

I didn't like the packing. It was so delicate. I didn't like that there was not much information on the product. I trust Amazon approved sales so I thought I would get a charger, there wasn't any. It says unlocked but I didn't get the unlock key. It wasn't specified that it had scratches at the bottom

internet not working at available place.......I have to use always data plan & pay more bill. internet only work in homeI have Samsung galaxy s 3  work internet  mostly palace without data plan use........I hate this phone........send me open box......like returned item .please make sure before u bye this site

Great phone even better that its unlocked I could take a right to the AT&T store and set it up as a go phone with no contract people constantly make comments on the phone all the time asking me what is that the size is great it takes great pictures I'm very happy with it

I dont like this phone and would never like it because it doesn't clearly state that it is AT&T however it doesn't have varieties of pictures to look and be sure. Just look at the picture shown here. Just the side ways and not the front of the phone. I think this is highly deceiving to the American people. Am yet to return mine with no hesitation.

I love the phone that was provided my wife is extremely happy with it thanks guys she really enjoys it

Awesome Phone, yes it's big easy to handle, nice camera, speed, and a lot of functions that will make your daily living easy. Battery may be an issue but if you reduce the brignest and minimize the amount of notiifications sounds this will longer all day long, i will recomend this to anyone and definetly will buy another one for my wife.

I ordered this phone expecting to have a great experience with it, but as soon as I received it and inserted my att go phone sims card in it, it said no registered network....It won't let me make phone calls or anything! I'm really upset with this problem. Does anyone have any ideas as to why this is happening??? I know that my sims card works because it was working perfectly fine in my other phone and the Note is supposedly suppose to be unlocked.. I even took it to att and they tried four different sims cards in it and it said the same thing about &#34;No Registered Network.&#34; Could it be that the seller sent me a locked phone???? Any help would be  greatly appreciated!! I really love this phone, but it's pretty useless to me when I can't even make a phone call on it.

So happy w/my new phone! Excellent big & wide screen! Extremely satisfied with the quality of the cell phone! It was just what I had been looking for when I was trying to purchase a big screen cellphone a must buy! You will not be disappointed! Trust!

I will recommended this phone to everybody....this phone is incredible useful and I love it.....heavy but very nice  I will recommended to all customers

I've been an iPhone user for the last 4 years, but when my 3gs finally crapped out for good I researched long and hard and settled on the Note.  I LOVE it.  It's easy to use and I love the size.  It feels solid in my hand.  It seems screaming fast compared to my old iPhone, too.  UPDATE on 8/16:  The first one I received had internal antenna issues, but I sent it back and got another one that works perfectly!  I've had the phone for a couple of months now and have had no problems using it on T-Mobile and I am getting 4g LTE speeds whenever they are available.  Love this phone!

The phone runs fantastically and love that its big but not to big to fit in my pocket! Highly recommend it!

This phone work grate.  I am in love with it. It like I have computer in my hand. I did not find any different between note 2 to note 1.

My phone showed up in 2 days..yayyy...easy to use after setting up my way. Just wonder where is the 16 gb noted in specs..total available after factoring in apps etc is only approx 14gb..?? The Power button is in the wrong place. It would have been better if placed at the top instead of at the side...opposite the volume control button. The battery is a challenge and drains quickly especially when connected to the net..otherwise..great device!!

I ordered this phone thinking it was an authentic Samsung Note I717 however when I received it I noticed quite a few quality flaws: the back didn't quite fit, the speaker at the top of the phone jutted out of the space slightly, the back lighting on the home and back buttons could be seen through the adjacent seams (not so with any of my other Samsungs),  sms lagged in sending and receiving, connectivity issues with my wifi...some of those things can be explained but when I noticed it was MISSING the "Samsung" logo that should have appeared above the back and home buttons, I began to suspect. I decided to try and track the MAC address (you can find this in wifi settings under advanced) and discovered it belonged to Matura ([...] and not Samsung. I'm no tech wizard but these phones are either totally fake or immeasurably refurbished beyond recognition. $279 price is TOOOOO much for a rip off. No where in the product description is it clear that this is a copy of the Samsung Note, not truly a Samsung.I'm returning this hunk of junk. Sadly I'm going to have to pay hundreds of dollars more in order to assure myself I'm getting the product I was promised.

I bought this item and came with a problem record, pin or usb charging port is damaged these gentlemen have not met me anything and I do not answer my questions

Don't don't don't buy this phone be carefulI got this phone today in the morningI was cheated it doesn't work it doesn't catch a network u will never make a call or msgI want to return  it back tomrw plus it says it comes with micro card it doesn'tBe carefull its not worth a dollar

EXCELENT CELL

Great phone. Its huge. Definitely a huge upgrade from my last phone!!! I would reccomend to buy just don't use T-mobile for your service lol. Horrible coverage

I ordered this galaxy note that cost me over $600 and I had chosen 1 day shipping. The seller said they would mail it out Monday for sure and didn't mail it out til Tuesday. The phone that was supposedly unlocked kept losing signal and had very bad echoing problems. The phone would  lose signal after almost every phone call or texts and we would have to reboot. Then when we returned the phone almost a month ago.. Still no refund and now out of phone.

The phone works great with Tmobile, but I had to update it to Jelly Bean to get it to work on 4g. It was pretty simple, just google directions.

Hello everyone. will this phone works on Indian sim card ?M planning to buy this one .Actually 1 of my friend uses this one in US n it works well.gr8 phone with gr8 features

I use a smart phone mainly for book reading: Nook or Kindle. The font can be adjusted with a pinch and the large size of the phone means that it gets lots of words per page and turning is not terribly often. The noise reduction and call clarity (I am told) is very effective.  I was in an annoyingly loud place. took a call, asked the caller about the noise and got the answer: &#34;What noise!&#34;  The thing that just knocks me out, is the 4G data graphics for movies and television... it is just amazing! Writing on the phone does not interest me (yet) but the stylus fits so secure that I don't worry about losing it. The camera and screen graphics are wonderful and better than my hot digital camera!

It was not unlocked I had to get it unlocked myself .. took it to 5 different shops but nun of them could unlock it. They kept saying it was a black imei in other words it was stolen. If it was up to me I would give it ZERO stars

Honestly, I could not have asked for a better phone. If you think android is good, wait until you buy this phone. Do not be afriad of its size. Iphone and galaxy s5 compare nothing to this. If you want something more &#34;genuine&#34; buy the actual note 3, still do not know the difference, but overall this phone is the best!

Great price, fast shipping, easy to use...I love the size, I am never going back to a small screen again!! I am using this phone off at&t go sim card...this phone is everything that I thought it would be and more...I'm glad that I made this purchase can't put the phone down...the phone was exactly what the company it stated NEW...I will be purchasing from this company again.

I wanted desperately to love this phone because I don't want to carry around both a phone and iPad; I'd much prefer a larger phone that "good enough" until I get home and have access to a tablet or laptop.  I've tried it for almost a month now and I will be returning it.  I wanted to save some money getting this version but I like the size enough that I'll give the Note 3 a try when it ships to US in Oct.Pros:+ big, beautiful 5.3 inch screen sizeCons:-VERY SLOW PROCESSOR; the frequent and noticeable lags make using this phone very frustrating and completely unenjoyable (I made the calculation that LTE was more important than processor speed and I was wrong.  If you are going to buy this generation of the Note then the international version will offer a better processor)-no dedicated camera button or swipe-many of my favorite apps have god awful UI on Android.  Just because many apps eventually move to Google Play after debuting on iOS, doesn't mean the app design and UI will be up to par on the Android version.-too many taps to edit settings-battery life-bloatware (it's beyond galling that I have to root my own phone to delete what I don't want, and also in order to root you need to have a computer that runs Windows OS)-updating to 4.2.1 was a hassle because there was something wrong w/ the Kies software I orig DL from Samsung's website so I was advised by Samsung to redownload and try again twice before it worked-speakers aren't that great and poorly located.  They're in the back so whenever you have your phone lying in normal position with the back down, your sound will be muffled-I've had friends tell me they've had trouble with sound quality when I call them from this phone as well

i cant tell how excited i was to use my new phone, it was delivered safe and sealed.and im enjoying it.

Very good phone but more damage than like new. And didn't include back cover or charger so cost more than it seen.

I love it because it's big and it's most definitely everything I hoped for it to be, I'm a happy customer. I most definitely happy to had been a customer of the seller jmdurant,  he's the best:)

I am happy so far with the phone.got it on time..was locked but got it unlocked locally..so far it is working well

I liked the phone didnt like the bull that came with it.I brought the phone thinking I was getting a T-mobile Galaxy Note(because the pic showed a T-mobile note) , but I recieved an AT&T; note not to mention the case that should have been included which I never recieved. I contacted the seller we played round robin for a week before they gave me a chump change refund. All the gave me was my shipping money back because I had it eexpedited.So my advice is buyer's beware of what your getting from some these 3rd party sellers.

This phone was bought unlocked however I was unable to use in the Caribbean as the sim was not recognized. Simply had to return.Hope this can be rectified.

I've had the phone for about two weeks and love it. However, I barely get a days use out of it before having to recharge. I check email, occasional navigation,facebook, text message. No games or videos or long hours on the phone.  I am researching how to best optimize it's use (closing applications, etc) to extend battery life. I have found everything from turning off the data usage option to factory reset and OS upgrade as a solution. I'm not ready to do the latter.  I love the phone so much I am considering just buying and carrying a couple of other batteries if optimizing the use does not work

I bought is just 1 month after it came out on AT&T; despite the &#34;technorati&#34; naysayers who said it was &#34;too big&#34;.The screen size was great, the battery life for the first 12 months was good. About 6 hours heavy use,10 hours light use. External SD card, replaceable battery. I used the stylus to jot notes.Then the problems...It was always sluggish in all aspects, opening apps, changing from different apps, the picture gallery in particular was always slow.  My wife's IPhone was much quicker.  The camera did not perform well in low light. The camera was slow to launch.The screen was hard to read outdoors, the battery life got worse and worse.  Despite swapping between two full sized batteries I could rarely get more than 10 hours of use.The &#34;sluggishness&#34; escalated despite resets. The S note app was so slow to open and close I stopped using it.Worse of all, the GPS started to fail intermittently then persistently.  I learned to repair the GPS myself by opening the case.  Not just removing the back panel but exposing the circuit board by prying the phone open.  I would lift the two &#34;C&#34; shaped GPS contacts so they made better contact with the antenna embedded in the back panel.  This would improve things markedly for about 4 weeks, but, I suspect, because the back panel is soft plastic, these contacts would be pushed down again and lose contact with the antenna.  The GPS would start to fail again, eventually completely .I had the orginal Samsung Android Captivate on AT&T; and it too had major GPS issues. I suspect that Samsung has a GPS issue with at least some of its phones.My wife has the iPhone 4S and it is a much faster and reliable device than the Samsung i717.I'm not done with Android, but I am done with Samsung.

i love it . i can use it even in the philippines..easy to used! i can use it as my business partner!

I got my product in today, which was supposed to be here sooner, but its not a big deal because I understand the holidays are horrid :) although, the product did not come with a stylus pen as described...it just came with a big hole in the phone where the pen should have been...That was my only disappointment.

I got this phone less than a week on monday.and i find out it frezzes up sometimes when making calls i hit the call button but it does not call also typing messages i hit the key but it dont write my message. Us really fuastrating. Anyone know what i can do

I bought beauty of a phone for my daughter and she loves it...I'm thinking of getting one for myself....This phone is incredible...it's a little big but looks really nice.It has everything that she wanted and works very well...

good phone bought it for the wife and the fact that it was unlock. install t mobile Sim and it was ready still use the  ware that there we still have at&t uverse .so far so good. LTE works hasn't used it that much. to draw a conclusion some issues but sure it with T-Mobile. having the same with my new nexus 5

I bought this phone twice in the last month. The first one was perfect performance-wise, except that the USB port was defective and utterly useless. The phone would not take a charge unless you hold it at a certain angle. I returned it. The second phone worked perfectly except that it was way too sensitive to the S-Pen, that feature was utterly useless. About two weeks later, I began to have the same troubles with the USB port. The phone would not take a charge unless held at a certain angle. I returned the second phone yesterday. SAMSUNG must have known about the issue with the USB port from all the written reviews and complaints posted on Amazon, yet they continue to sell these phones for resale on Amazon. A big WTF! What will it take for Amazon to take any action? By all means people, DO NOT BUY this phone or you would just be wasting your time and money! DO NOT BUY!

I like all the features of the phone especially being able to take notes right on the phone.  The phone is a little bigger than I realized before buying but I have gotten used to it.  I also like the stylus feature. Makes it so much easier to text and type.

I love this phone easy no problem and is just AWSOME just hate trying to put a screen protector on

Totally satisfied with my order. The package arrived almost instantly and the product was up to my highest expectation. I am very glad to have such an amazing product as Samsung Galaxy Note in addition to my other gadgets. The Note is very handy while traveling by plane. Not bulky and the screen wide enough to watch even movies. :) Recommend!

Greetings I order a Samsung Galaxy Note 4G LTE I717 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with S Pen Stylus, Android 2.3 OS, 5.3 &#34;Super AMOLED Touchscreen (TouchWiz UI), Dual-Core, 8MP Camera + 2MP Secondary Camera, Video, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, SNS Integration, MP3/MP4 Player and microSD Slot - White and q package arrived in my email in miami get me a vitamin supplement which q has nothing to do with my purchase so I need or request of the rebolso my money or my product to be besides me recognize all relocation expenses that caused this misunderstanding since I am in VENEZUELA and expenses are enormous and this is of great concern since my article urgently need no more q do reference and requesting your cooperation and prompt responsefelix pachecomean tracking here: LN30889406

I carry my professional references books in the phone so I have them handy during work.  The big screen makes it very easy to read.  It's not a phone that would fit in your pocket.  It takes good quality pictures and the focus is even better than a regular camera for close-up pictures. One downside is that the battery is barely enough for one day of use, so you should keep a charger handy.

The problem was that I can only use T-Mobile sim card and where i live i have problems with the signal and i constatnly have to fix the mobile network settings. I previously had another company

Everything is true..I am using T-Mobile and 4G LTE works fine.I like everything except battery issue.  After I updated to 4.1.2 Jellybean, battery drains much faster than before.You need extra backup battery.I know that Firmware 4.4 Kitkat is on its way so hopely it will fix the problem.I definitely recommend to anyone need great smartphone

Big screen checkNice battery life check4g checkjust the phone that what I need but now I want the note II :/

I was excited when I got the phone because it was a very good size.  Unfortunately I was not expecting to encounter so many problems with At and T.  I took the phone to the local At and T store; because I couldn't get the phone to take my 3g card.  They switched it and gave me a new sim card and promised that everything was going to stay the same; since I have an old plan that is no longer available.  When  I left the store, the phone was working but it only worked for a minute and then it didn't work again.  I took the phone again to the store and they tried to make it work but mentioned that they couldn't. So  I told them I wanted to use my old phone and they set it up again.  Everything was fine, until I got home and the phone didn't have text messaging.  I had to go back to the store again, so that they could set me up with my old plan.  Needless to say, that this phone appeared to be a good one because of the screen size; but it doesn't matter  if it says unlocked because you will encounter trouble with AT and T and their services. All they want to do is change your plan right away or offer you a new phone.  At and t doesn't want to take the time to help you fix it if it was not purchased in the store.  So, if you decide to buy this phone; just be ready to encounter problems with At and T.

Phone is great!!! waited for a long time to recieve it but it was worth it.it has a big screen and is the gsm unlocked phone looks brand new no signs of wear and tear at all!!!

Love the phone. However the technical review said a case would be included and there was no case. Otherwise phone is wonderful. Just a fact of getting use to such a big screen

Great price very fast shipping, so much better than being under a phone contract with a carrier this way i get to choose who!

this phone is pretty cute and has alot of apps it was unlocked like it said because as soon as i got it, i put in my simple mobile sim card and it work perfectly.

I got this phone, I think I am getting a good phone. BUT, I was a bad news, I fully charge the phone. Than turn on it, 10 minutes later, this phone restart by it self, I was not able to run the setup, it keep doing this over and over ..I have to mail back for the return. but I still lost around $18.00 for the postage, and the screen protector and the case, which I could not returned. Amazon did not credit my for any of my lost.I am not going to buy online again.

This is a great product it works perfect and looks better.The shipping came a little late, nut besides that the phones has given me no problems.  Like i said perfect.

The unlock phone does not work without being connected to the internet.  With my up coming trip and the fact I have a lot of medical issues I need a phone I can use were ever I am.

I liked it is has exlente softwear ,and great apps,the camera wirk very well and over all when i had a problem the costumer services was great they wear their to help

I was not disappointed that this is an ATT phone.  I would recommend this to any one. I have straight talk

All I have to say is...WOW. I know the second version is out, but the Note is am amazing device! I think the differences between the two are small, so if anyone is looking for a less expensive alternative, this one would be an excellent choice.

The phone looks and works fine, but the ad said this phone would work with any carrier. It is in fact a locked AT&T phone and I need one that works with Tmobile. I cannot get it unlocked unless I switch to ATT for 90 days. This is a big problem for me.

hard to hold by one hand. im a size small so it quite difficult to handle when you driving...... a plane.

nothing is wrong with the phone at all. i like it a lot its the 1st one but it still looks really nice you cant tell that it was used.

Warning, when you buy an unlocked phone from another carrier, any network specific features will be lost.  Solution?  Even if you buy an unlocked phone, make sure it is from the carrier you now use.  Otherwise, many of its features will be useless.  Solution, I returned this and purchased an unlocked phone from the carrier I do use.  It works perfectly

I received very defective device. it stoped chargeing only first 2 weeks. first It would show its charging bUT after 8 hours of charge it would have charged only 5%. And then i did stop charging at all I had email the vendor and they replied after 2 days and then i took them another two more days to give me an email to return the device it will be a return

Box was opened only to unlock the phone but phone was new and I love it I like that its big its like a small tablet

I am using this phone with my Tmobile sim card.  So far I love this phone. It is everything I thought it would be and more.  I love the size, it's easy to use.  I've only had it a few weeks, so hopefully it will continue to be wonderful.

I am very pleased with my Samsung Galaxy Note.  It's my first smartphone and boy is it smart lol.  It's just what I wanted and needed.  I am glad that I opted for this over the iphone.

Everything is perfect. Just two flaws, my S Pen doesn't work at all but that's fine, I dont really use it and the back kinda pops off sometimes when I don't have in a case, but thats fine too cuz I have a case on all the time lol. So basically this phone is perfect. It came with original box and original cables, not headphones but I have dozens of pairs lol. Bought from DAC Enterprises for $218.

It came pre-loaded with Android 4.0.4.Everything un-tampered (unlike my copy of "The Last of Us".I'm disappointed in the 3-D rendering but its great.I don't like the flash for the camera. It sucks, as compared to using an actual camera (which I will be sticking to now sadly.)I have no complaints of it. Its perfect.Too lazy to type more. I hope you enjoy.

nice phone, screen is a little big, but the batteries don't last long, if I was buying another phone it wouldn't be this one, not worth $300. should of bought a IPhone...

Cracked Face on the unit, Bad contact inside on the L ,This unit had to have the Face Replaced,they sent the face cover, it still cost Fifty Bucks to replace it,even after it was replaced you could tell that it was cracked, This is an old unit, Lousiest Deal Ever.

Perfect phone , but in the beggining there was some screen flicker issues... Now they are kinda gone.... Perfect phone at overall

This phone did not come with a user manual. When I opened the package the box the phone came in was open and the phone looked like someone tried to make it look new. The battery and charger were sealed and look new. The phone looked new but it was not in a factory sealed box. I'm nervous it was refurbished.

Stopped working after less than 60 days.  Loved it up till then.  Hope I can return it!  We shall see.  Just stopped working today---right after I had given it a 5-star review.

phone is slow make no mistake u will be dealing with a slow phone and buggy o brought this cause the screen size nice looking phone don't get me wrong but the fact is so slow, buggy,and something that bothers  me no message light on phone when u get a message keyboard for texting buggy also and when watching a movie black levels on phone worst i ever seen black grays light grays washed together to get a picture that looks horrible battery forget about it if i run it on bare bones meaning turned everything off or brightness down internet turned off turn everything off that sucks juice ur lucky it last 8 hours but hey i like the screen size that's really about it
