
I bought this phone less than a week ago for my wife as a present to 8-th of March. Package delivered on time, everything was new. So it's fine. But wife doesn't really like it. She tried it for few days and wanted to return it back.So I tried to return it, but was really surprised when I got email with comment "IMPORTANT: A restocking fee will apply as outlined in our return policy."As far as I can see in their policy http://www.amazon.com/gp/aag/details?ie=UTF8&asin;=&isAmazonFulfilled;=&isCBA;=&marketplaceID;=ATVPDKIKX0DER&orderID;=&seller;=A1QPS08K9FKKNF&sshmPath;=returns#aag_returns they state next:"A Restocking fee will be applied on all open items. The restocking fee will be based on the condition and usage of the item upon return. Restocking fees start at 15% of the cost paid. Item must be inspected before restocking fee can be determined."So what I see, I loose $60 on completely new cellphone just because the box is opened ? It's ridiculous. Even price of used phones on ebay is higher.My review is related to seller return policy only, not to a phone.

Galaxy Nexus is the best phone your money can buy!This week i received the new Android Jelly Beans (4.1) and make the phone even better!I totally recommend the Nexus because you can use the android without any changes!

horryble, the phone just shut downs instantly, i dont know if its the hardware or the software, u disapponint me guyys

I bought this phone 1 month back Everything seems to work perfectly untill today. While i was using my phone today my entire screen turned pink all of a sudden and i turned it off and turned it on again it is still pink in color. I never dropped it I dont know what caused it Does any one has this type of problem?

I was inlove with the phone, unfortunately i got a bad unit. First of all, it had 2 scratches in the screen. Also, the touch interface had some flaw and didn't registered all my inputs. Specially around the C and T keys using the default keyboard.I thought that i was going crazy so i installed Swype and it was a disaster, the digitizer didn't detect the full swype so words were chopped and it was uncredibly annoying.I activated the Pointer Location in Development options and the Lowest Prs gotten was 0.28 and sometimes it didn't registered my touch when with my old Galaxy S i could get 0.16 and it detected all swypes and inputs.So unfortunately, i asked for a full refund but i'm pretty sure i'll buy another one. Beside from my misfortune with the touch screen, the phone was uncredibly amazing and now it should be better with JB.I'll give it one star only because it was defective.

The color looks beautiful. It's an excelent phone, it feels very comfortable in your hands. Very resistant too, I've dropped it a few times and just the battery cover is thrown away, and a few others the battery pops out but the plastic keeps scratch free. Not to say that you can drop it without care, but when it happens it won't suffer to much unless it falls screen flat on a hard surface and it'll broke :'(

I upgraded from a Bberry 8220, this phone runs apps fast, stays connected. Great device. I would suggest this for everyone.A little expensive but worths the $

I bought this phone because I like Android a lot and because the Nexus brand always gets the Android updates first.  Shipping was fast and the phone is awesome.

Super screen, excellent phone, I use in Mexico and this cellphone works perfect, the only is that Google play doesn't have all the function that has at the states, however, this is not an issue with the cellphone but with the google play. Conclusion, this is the best cellphone ever

The phone is nice, good audio, BIG screen.A protective cover makes it a little difficult to operate (it is necessary to press the side keys really hard), but it is necessary since the screen is too big and a phone drop may cause the display to crack (I've seen this before).The issue I had was that after the phone had its SIM card, it prompted to upgrade to Android version 4.2.1 (official upgrade from Google). After 2 days I did upgrade it.After upgrading it, the CAMERA does not work anymore. Looking at the Google Android Developer community I found that other people had the same issue without a way to solve it.https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42532So, if you decide to go for this phone (which I recommend), do not upgrade the Android Version before this is solved. Some people tried to upgrade manually to  version 4.2.2 without success. May be version 5 will do the job. Till this date I will have my phone without camera.

this phone is really the best android phone in the market.speed is perfectbattery is perfect give me up to 14h with out charge and heavy usedperfect clean android rom jellybean

The phone came in perfect state,i don't have complains about it. The only problem was that the adapter of the charger came defective. So i had to buy another one.

Even after a few other better phones have come out. I think this was an awesome price for an unlocked pure ICS phone. Easy to root, flash and quite fast. No lag. First to receive updates from google. Recommend it for someone who wants out of their contract.

This i s honestly the best Android phone I've ever owned and I've owned a lot of them. I've been an Android enthusiast ever since I first bought the G1, since then I've owned the mytouch 3g, Samsung vibrant, mytouch 4g, Samsung galaxy s2 and the newer htc one s. This phone blows those phones and many others out of the water.At first I had a hard time choosing between the galaxy nexus and the upcoming galaxy s3 because they are both truly amazing phones and they both have their advantages. I ended up choosing the galaxy nexus because 1) the design, 2) the price, 3) stock Android, 4) fast updates. Yes the s3 has better hardware, but for me the software advantages that the galaxy nexus has outweighs the hardware advantages that the s3 has because the galaxy nexus is no slouch when it comes to hardware either. There's only so much processing power that you need in a phone and i believe that the galaxy nexus is perfectly adequate. I knew that if I went with the s3 I would never see an update, while the galaxy nexus will be the first to update to jelly bean. And to me that's more important. For you root users out there this is definitely the phone to get because it is unlock the bootloader, root, unroot, etc. this phone is also highly developed for in the rooting community.Pros:PriceDesignStock AndroidQuick updatesMany accessoriesHD Super amoled screenCons:Only 5 mp cameraphone speakers not loud enoughBattery life could be betterNo sd card slotIn closing the galaxy nexus still remains the best Android phone to date. Vanilla ics is the way Google intends us to see it. Even though newer phones come out with better hardware, software is more important because hardware on a phone to a point is irrelevant.

Funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n en mi pa&iacute;s, totalmente desbloqueado !!! Se los recomiendo 100% Es de buen tama&ntilde;o y muy comodo

A Google's own product to versus Apple's iPhone, actually I think it's really first selection to android smartphones and really Simplicity Beauty and Beyond Smart.

Just I bough 2 months beofre and wifi is not working ...frequently getiing disconnected...i am very much disappointed with its performance..

I just unlocked, rooted, flashed as 'yakju,' and now my handset is running Android 4.1.1, Jellly bean. I like the form factor (if this phone feels "plasticky," i like plasticky), i like the amoled display, a month into owning my GNex, however slightly, i scratched the screen (less than 1mm long). I advise getting a screen protector. I'm 6 feet tall, and my hands become fatigued with the 4.65 screen. It looks great when viewing media, but the strain isn't worth it. I'd like to see a phone with a &lt;4.3" screen, room for software buttons included. This phone's volume is VERY low- the app that increases the volume (for rooted devices) isn't working yet for 4.1.1. Battery management is crucial to enjoying the phone. This is my first smartphone and look forward to what the Nexus line has to offer later this year. If I'm not wowed by the fall's new models, I see myself holding onto this phone for another year or more!

Despite being part of the Nexus family, this phone does not receive Android updates at the same time as Google-sold Nexus. I'm still stuck on Android 4.1 two months after Google started rolling out 4.2. This is disappointing because immediate updates is a big reason for buying Nexus. I contacted the seller and he said he had no clue on when I'd get an update.Wish I knew this upfront.UPDATE on 3/17/13 - I just received Android 4.2.1, so if this pattern holds in the future then the phone updates 3 months behind other Nexus devices.

To me, one of the most important Smartphone features is.. access to Emails. Yes. As simple as that. It took me a long time to decide what phone to get, but because email access seemed to me SO basic - that is, that I will be able to access (and sync) my work emails & calendar from Microsoft Exchange with the phone - that I didn't bother to check it in advance. It's been two weeks now of adding my Exchange account (approx. 5 attempts each time until you can access the server), then removing it, then adding again, just to find out that the emails did sync, but not the calendar, then removing, re-adding, to find out that  calendar is there but no new emails are arriving/you can't send emails/can't send meeting requests etc. etc. etc. I did a lot of research and tried playing with the settings and what-not but to no avail. I found out that this is a pretty known and common problem with Android (iCS), since Google doesn't support all the exchange policies and protocols. Today I have given up and decided to get another email app (costs around $10). This is my first and last Android phone; if you are getting this phone so you can manage your work emails and meetings - get an iPhone.

Such an amazing phone. After owning the Verizon Gnex when it 1st launched I ended up purchasing a GSM version in white and ordered another on 06/06/2012 for my sister. Both ordered had next day shipping and it was received as promised.

This is my first smartphone and I have no regrets so far. It's very light and the screen is just the right size for browsing the internet. It's great for games and movies too.

The phone exterior is sleek and beautiful to look at. The iPhone 4S looks like a relic next to it.I'm not much of a power user, mostly use it for work, i.e. emails and specialty apps.The Android OS performs very well in these cases, is responsive and easy to use. As a phone it works well with good sound and reception quality. The price is great in comparison with iPhones and high-end Galaxy types.I haven't really tried out games or anything with high graphic demands, however the bit I did try seemed to cause massive overheating. If you need a phone which can handle heavy gaming I would recommend choosing something else or at least researching the heat problem (maybe Google or Samsung solved it). Note that Google quality assurance tends to miss some ridiculous bugs (like no ability to enter December dates), however that's an Android issue and not directly tied to a specific phone.In summary, for business users I would highly recommend it, otherwise you'll probably be better of with a more expensive phone.

Have been using this device for over a year now, and would recommend to anyone looking for a good value-for-money smart phone.Build quality and look & feel is pretty decent, and so is performance. However, that is not to say that it's without the occasional lag!!Battery lasts for about a day max, with always on HSPA together with background data sync. Web browsing and email used quite frequently throughout the day, together with Games and other apps like FB and Google+.Good display. Sound are not that impressive though, neither with the built-in speaker nor with headphones plugged in. Camera is decent, but not great. Heats up quite a bit when used extensively and gets uncomfortable.

Samsung Galaxy Nexus GT-I9250 Unlocked Cellphone International Version (White) this phone is aweson so fast so clear and cheaper than the iphone

I bought it un locked but it is locked and I can't work it on my sim card and when I went to the AT& T store they confirmed that it is locked so i can't work it

It's been a while using my Galaxy Nexus and it work perfect. ICS is smooth and fast, integration with all google apps in  a very few steps.What i like the most it the High-def display: The Samsung Galaxy Nexus' display is big and beautiful, offering Super AMOLED Plus technology for fantastic contrast and a super-sharp 720p resolution (1,280 x 720 pixels). Viewing HD Videos, Surfing the web it's just great.Multitasking with this smartphone it's not an issue, it handles a lot of apps in the background.Sound it's ok, Camera it's fast but some pics appeared blurry because it didn't seem like there was time for autofocus to kick in.With 1.2 GHZ dual core processor you can access everything REALLY fast! I just can't wait to see this Jelly Bean on my Galaxy Nexus.

Very good smartphone. 100% Android. Smart and elegant, in a convenient form factor and with all the sensors you can expect in a mobile.

What I like about Samsung and I think this is clever policy, that they sell unlocked phones and don't complicate us with iTunes and things of that nature. I got this phone for my friend ,so he is super happy. The phone works in Israel. If some one doesn't have money for Sam III , but still wants a big screen, so Nexus would be the thing you need!

Sin duda alguna el mejor smartphone que pude elegir, es realmente elegante, con un tama&ntilde;o perfecto y enamora a simple vista y todo esto sin hablar del amplio espectro de utilidad que tiene este smartphone, al ser un Nexus de alta gamma dudo que pase de moda, seguramente siempre sera actualizado con el android del momento como ocurrir&aacute; en pocos d&iacute;as con Jelly Beam.. Este smartphone vale cada dolar que gaste en el. ES LO M&Aacute;XIMO!!!

This is my second nexus it is worth every penny one of the sexiest fastest phones I have ever own much better than the iPhone the galaxy s ii the note I mean it's perfect size perfect color run and get it!!!

This is a  review for those who might be on the fence about buying a Galaxy Nexus.  I am not a phone expert, just a user who has used an iphone for the last couple years and looking for a change away from the fruit.  First impression out of the box -- wow!!  The colors are much more vivid and the navigation is simple and more fluid, there's only minor differences to get used to such as the on/off button being on the right side of the phone instead of the top, and learning the difference between the home screen and the app screen.  The phone is slightly taller but much thinner and lighter than my iphone, the Nexus feels good in your hand and button placement was smart. To get your contacts from the iphone to the Nexus is a simple process, you can either use itunes to backup your contacts to your Google account or even easier just download the BUMP app on both phones and instantly transfer all of your contacts at once over to the Nexus (yes, your iphone will still work perfectly without a sim card on it just make sure you have wifi access where you are at).I opened the box, took off the phones back cover, put in the battery, slipped in my old Tmobile 4g prepaid sim card (and quickly called Tmobile to give them my new phone's IMEI number so they could give it permission to access their network). Easy! In the box was also a headset (earbuds w mic, actually comfortable compared to my old iphone earbuds), and the wall charger that doubles as a usb data charger/connection to your computer since the data cord snaps into the small wall plug, convenient!Things that impressed me the most -- upon plugging the phone in via usb to the pc you instantly have access to copy/paste files to the ringtones folder, photos, wallpaper, etc.... this was always a nightmare on the iphone for me since the fruit company locks everything down and makes it annoying to do anything without that bloated itunes program and 3rd party apps, custom iphone ringtones were always a pain because you had to convert them to a special file format first and were limited on ringtone file size. NO MORE with this great phone, just drag and drop your mp3s on this puppy and you can play them or assign custom ringtones for each person.  Point being, customization is made simple on the Nexus.  Out of the box it's a stock unrooted Nexus in all its glory.  If you are an ultra geek you can customize the phone even deeper by flashing your favorite custom ROM on the phone, which if you aren't familiar with that it essentially lets you tweak the phone even further to update the os to increase performance, battery life, add new visuals and options, etc. (not necessary, but it is a fun option if you like to tinker and have some geek in you).The listing here is for a white international phone, which at the time of writing this gives zero details on the page as to what that means (as if phone shopping wasn't confusing enough right?).  White Nexus's are harder to come by, and most people who want white will just end up buying the common dark titanium colored phone and buying a white protecting case (get a case no matter what, you want to protect your investment!).  For reasons that escape me, again at the time of this writing, the phone in both colors is being sold for way more than it needs to be and can be purchased for less directly from the Google Play store (dark version).  The listing says INTERNATIONAL on it, that means that it can be used on any GSM network in the world (here in the states that would be ATT Tmobile and a couple smaller guys).  You may also get the euro verion plug instead of a normal one, seems to be hit or miss.  Not a big deal, for less than 10 dollars on the famous E--- auction site you can get a second wall charger with extra goodies.  If you buy a car charger I recommend the Motorola micro-USB one that can be bought from this site, it's around five dollars and is more powerful than other chargers and can keep up with the battery charge needs if you use your phone for GPS.One last important note -- if you buy your Nexus from anywhere other than the Google Play store, such as the phone in this listing, it will most likely have the Samsung software configuration and not the popular Google software configuration.  If you have the Samsung config you will always be a step behind in updates since Google pampers this awesome phone and makes sure its version is kept current (version 4.04 at the time of writing this).  Point being if you want the latest updates first buy the phone direct from Google, otherwise there's nothing wrong with having the Samsung configuration version of the phone.  You will love the phone no matter what, it's easy and fun to use. If you are a heavy phone user watching lots of videos or play a lot of games you might want to pick up an extra battery for the phone, unlike the iphone it's easy to plop another one in on the Nexus.The only con of the phone, and I hate to even call it that, is the 5mp camera.  Most smartphones nowadays have at least 8mp.  I take a lot of photos with my phone, and to be honest 5mp is plenty of the average user.  The photos I've taken so far were crisp and bright, no complaints.  In deciding between the Nexus and the newly launched Galaxy S3, the Nexus has much better battery life and is half the price. WINNER! :) It would have been nice to have the FM radio feature of the S3, but with all the free internet radio available to me it's not a dealbreaker. Another great note, the famed "S voice" on the newest Galaxy S3 (the answer the Iphones Siri voice) is also available to add to the Galaxy Nexus, so if you like to talk to your phone and have it talk back there's one more reason to love this phone. Once you have the phone in your hand you will forget about the fruit phone and embrace the Nexus in all its glory.  Enjoy!

The phone volume is extremely low when running Jelly Bean 4.1.1 OS.  It is useless as a phone in an environment with only average background noise.  Do Not Upgrade this phone to Jelly Bean 4.1.1 OS unless you want low volume!

The phone was held by customs for almost a month because the buyer put that it was worth a 100$ wish was far from the truth

My unlocked GSM Samsung Galaxy Nexus, in white.Screen is indestructible & scratch free, Iv'e dropped it many times.No need to Jailbreak or root, Android offers 10X the customization compared to Apple.Phone size is big, still runs like new, fast and no issues since I ordered it from HERE in (MARCH 2012)

The phone Works in an excellent manner and you can Access all the last applications. Very recommendable and at a reasonable Price also.

I actually bought this item for a friend of mine.  He loves it and it works well.  Item came in an original looking box and was selling so fast the price kept increasing.  Was glad to get it for the price we did.

I have just completed 4 month of owning of Samsung Galaxy Nexus and I have no doubt declaring I am very happy with this. This is the best smart phone on the market for the time being until iPhone 5 or Samsung Galaxy S3 releases. I had iPhone 4 for 2 months and I like many other people who could not be satisfied with beauty and fruit brand alone threw that 'dumb beauty' . For me that was more of a 'show off' rather than of practical use.Apple itself in a recent patent suit directed against google termed this as the "most creditable competitor to iPhone'. Apple co founder which is not a apple employee anymore and hence free to speak truth freely declared iPhone easy to use but 'Android more feature rich'. He dismissed Siri totally saying he could not understand how come internet could be needed to make a call through Siri. Do I need to say more now? If yes then here is the detail review:Like ->(1) Bigger HD contour display-> Though you can distinguish between pixels while looking closely unlike iPhone's Retina display, Nexus's display is gorgeous. Colors are very vibrant and rich. Black is real black (because of Super AMOLED display technology) which creates the whole difference.The Screen is large and with medium hands I can reach to the whole screen stretching the thumb or fingers. Sometimes I tend to use the other hand (luckily I have two hands and both are fully functional so can't complaint).Because of bigger screen this phone is more useful or convenient for what Apple invented iPhone for ie Browsing web, playing games, watching videos. And because of this I tend to depend lesser on PC/laptop/tablet. With bigger screen, power and customization of Android OS this phone is closer to our old friend PC/laptop.**I run the same HD video both on nexus and iPhone 4S and nexus one was better to watch.**(2) Soul-> The soul of this device is ICS OS which is now equal to iOS in terms of user friendlessness but is better because it is much more customizable and hence you feel completely in control and power. This is different feeling than using dumb iOS. After using ICS I really struggled to use the iOS or same iOS based apps. ICS is lightning fast and smooth.Face unlock, NFC, android beam and google wallet (not available on Verizon version) are very cool. Face unlock works perfectly.Built-in Data usage monitor is very helpful for not letting you go above your data limit.-> Mine is international unlocked version which within a week got automatically updated to 4.0.2 from 4.0.1.This has Best notification, better customization for web browsing.Ohhhhhhhh... did I tell you android has taken two steps which is miles ahead of time and going to change the things completely? (i) No Physical button-> The buttons are in fact part of OS itself and function well. Hence the buttons can now be context specific and smarter. They change their position depending on how you are holding the phone or what you are doing. While watching video they disappear completely giving you the whole screen for watching, and yes they will reappear on appropriate place when you need them. (ii) Same OS for all devices: Unlike Apple now same application can run on any device running on ICS. For apple the applications need to be written separately both for iPhone and iPad. That's why Apple has lesser applications on iPads. With new approach of ICS now people will just write once and run it anywhere hence number of apps is going to get multiplied faster on ICS.(3) Eco System (Apps)-> Android eco system (or app market) is there on par with Apple eco system. In the same period I have installed more applications than I did on iPhone 4 (because most applications are free compared to Apple). I am more functional on Android than I was on iPhone 4. There is nothing which I want and its not there. And yes now google going to start monitoring of applications so less argument against Android apps.(4) Form factor-> I like its form factor more than of iPhone's. Countered makes it more convenient to use and keep in the pocket. Now to me iPhone is just any another device and I look on iPhone with pity.(5) Battery-> I need to charge it once a day with low to moderate usage which is what other iPhone 4S customers are also doing. And if you are going to use it like laptop you will need to charge it more (is not this same with your laptop?). Better part is unlike iPhone you can carry batteries and change it easily. No complaint here.(6) Reception-> Decent.(7) Call quality-> Nice.(8) Volume/Speaker-> Low, could be helped with volume control plus application.(9) More social-> Very well integrated with google.(10). Build-> Except the battery cover everything else is of high quality. I don't care about plastic versus metal debate. iPhone even with metal and corning glass are equivalently fragile and people have been reporting iPhone being broken having dropped just from 12 feet or so. And with gorilla glass on both ends iPhone 4 is more fragile. Remember gorilla glass is just scratch resistant not damage resistant.(11) Typing-> is a breeze and it seems to read you mind and hence make typing a different experience than on iPhone. And big screen helps every here again.Unfortunately this phone decided to do have some deliberate suicidal traits perhaps to avoid wiping away other Samsung devices. So here are the things which could have been improved upon:(1) Speaker-> Could have been better (Minor+ issue)(2) Reception-> Though not much complaint, Could have been just a 'little' better (Very Minor issue).(3) Camera-> Could have been better definitely.(4) External Storage-> Either they should have allowed adding external storage or given the device with more alternated with respect to storage capacities. (Minor issue)(5) Display-> Should not be able to distinguish pixels (Minor issue but this should be ultimate goal for the display)Conclusion-> This is the best smart phone on the market for the time being if you can live with some minor issue with volume. And all issues reported so far with this device seem to be software issues and should get corrected with updates or third part applications.

Recomended. It works great,is really the international version and is working everywhere,I travel a lot and i have lots of different number,is workin in 4 different countries.

A Perfect Android phone from Google. Everything is good except the limited memory space and low volume speakers. The white color body gives such a nice n rich look to the phone. Really Loving it

After two weeks of usage it dropped from 2 ft and the screen cracked. The warranty does not cover that, and they said they can't fix that! The solution Samsung gave me was buying a new phone!I am getting another phone (definitely NOT Samsung) with a gorilla glass.

I've had this phone for three weeks and so far it has been amazing!!I had an iPhone, a Nexus One and a Optimus 2x (LG P990) before and I almost bought a Galaxy S3 now, but I gotta say that I'm not regret at all about my choice! The Galaxy Nexus is the best Android Phone launched so far! It combines hardware and software like an iPhone, although you can easily root it and put any ROM you want! (I flashed mine to "yakju" and I've been running Jelly Bean since I got the phone).The screen size is really nice, but sometimes I wish it was a little bit smaller.The battery lasts a day for me, but when commuting I only using it to listen to music.As one said the volume could be louder, but I use the Nexus more often on silent mode, so this particularly doesn't bother me.As its body is made with plastic, I don't see any reason to use a hard case (maybe a thin silicon case just in case). I'd recommend a screen protector, as the Nexus doesn't have Gorilla Glass, although I haven't any scratch on it so far.ps: International buyers may want to know that it worked in my carrier in Brazil with no issues.

This is a thin phone that is just the right size. The 4.65&#34; screen is gorgeous and a very big upgrade from my previous phone. The dual-core processor is leagues faster and stock Android is a very big plus since Google Nexus devices are first to get the latest version of Android. I've already upgraded to Jellybean and it's the fastest and slickest version of Android yet. I also enjoy 4G-like speeds with HSPA+ support versus the stadard 3G support I had with the Motorola and it's like night and day. Battery life has been pretty good for me as well. Samsung and Google have really put together an excellent device.Pros:Camera is decent.Reception is very decent.Nice screen colour/resolution.Videos very fluid.Has 16GBs (more than enough for the average user).Good screensize, not too big not too small.Very responsive.Camera is responsive.

Uno de los mejores smartphones del mercado es sin duda alguna alguna el Samsung Galaxy Nexus, el precio es incre&iacute;ble. El tel&eacute;fono es impresionante, funciona todo,actualizado a Jelly Bean minutos despu&eacute;s de encender, elegante,r&aacute;pido, pantalla HD Super Amoled en una grand&iacute;sima pantalla, 100% garantizado. Viva Android, no pierdas dinero comprando un Iphone, Galaxy es lo mejor. No pierdas tu oportunidad de tener un gran smartphone. Javi el pr&oacute;ximo eres tu ;) DTB

It's just what I was looking for, a good relationship between the cost and android phone. It has very good size and very sharp screen.

My only qualm is the diminished sound from the speaker. It makes it a bit hard to get noticed when you're in the other room. Except that, the device is beautiful. Google created this device for hacking and that is what it is meant for. The battery life isn't bad. I can have it go all day without having to charge it.With the advent of Google Butter on Jelly Bean, the performance has escalated. We can only presume to go further from here. Truly worth the cost. Thanks a lot Google! and Samsung of course!

Its a very good phone, with speed, with looks. The only down fall is the speakers are very low volume and it would be a plus if it was waterproof and shock resistant.I would recommend this phone.CONbought phone from amazon through Hasselfreecell but it Did not come with user manual so it was questionable AS TO WHETHER IT WAS NEW.

I love my phone, it's very fast and it has a lot of cool features. the only problem is that the battery overheats quite very often and the cable for charging is really really really short so I cant use it while charging

Pure android experience.. jelly bean is buttery smooth .. superb display and avg camera .. white colour looks stunning . I've used both colours but white is way better than black. Ull fall in love with design immediately .. so must buy and a great product in this price range if u are unable to get lg nexus 4

I used to have a Nexus One, skipped the Nexus S, and now back to the Galaxy Nexus.Hardware - Really Light and looks so amazing on white, you will get peoples attention with your phone.Battery - Depends on your usage.OS - I love stock android and 4.0 (Ice Cream) looks and feels great. Much better than Sense or Windows 7.I simply love it!!

I love this Phone. Very fast and easy to use. Have the latest android version on this. The white color is especially nice on this phone.

Product was as mentioned. I advise all to be sure to read the fine print. I skimmed over the portion stating this was not a Verizon phone and had to return it. Otherwise this product was exactly as described and works great.

Works great, nicely designed. Excellent screen and good battery life.The only flaw is that you have to put it in a case because it's a little fragile

It was a great phone. Love Android ice cream sandwich. Great screen. Fast camera. But now the Nexus 4 is out. You should check that one out.

This cellphone is great. I bought this for my Uncle and he love it. It really work amazing for him.

I bought this phone from "FGS Trading", It delivered just on time, I used the regular shipping (free) and I got the phone in 4 bussines day, in perfect conditions, with original seal box, the right color (white), factory unlocked, with jelly beam android (it's better than ice cream just go cheack comparison videos on the web so u can see it for ur self, oh tho the publication says that comes with ice cream) still I was glady pleased... And I'm from venezuela and it worked just fine perfect I wud say with the SIM card (for those who wannna use the phone internationally).. AMAZING phone and PERFECT seller

Its the Best phone I have used till now. Large screen size, feasible to do a lot of stuff online without using a tablet. As soon i powered it on, it came up with Jelly Bean update. Touch is good & very sensitive. But it does have some cons too check them out.Pros:1. Latest Andriod, instant update to Jelly Bean.2. Large screen, good enough for browsing, watching vidoes, playing games.Cons :1. Hardware is weak. Couple of the apps get terminated abruptly.2. Cam is not good enough.3. Battery. A full charge doesnt get me a day.4. Low sound in Speaker phone mode.

I've had this phone for about a week and I can honestly say that I'm not going back to my iPhone 4S anytime soon.  I've experienced the Android platform since the Nexus One and I can say that's it gotten so much better.  Some people think that Android is an iPhone/iOS knockoff, and to some respects it that may be true.  However, the similarities stop with the Galaxy Nexus and Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich).The phone is "the right size", I think.  It's not to big or small.  After doing a side by side comparison with the iPhone, the difference in screen size makes a difference.  Colors are crisp and video seems to come alive on this screen.  Video doesn't seem like an extravagant slideshow, like on some devices.  The build quality is good.  Some comments on the Internet seem to point out that the phone seems "cheap" or "plasticy".  I disagree.  The phone feels solid in the hand and is surprisingly light, especially when compared to the iPhone.  I would still do my best to avoid dropping the phone, in which I got a case to protect it against a significant drop.  The buttons and ports are similar to that of the Nexus S, in which the Power is on the right, volume rocker is on the Left, and the USB and headphone jack is on the bottom.  Some people think the headphone jack should be at the top, similar to that of the Nexus One or iPhone, but I can see that Samsung placed the ports on the bottom for the accessories that may come, such as a Car or Desk Dock.  I don't have either, but when I use a generic car holder, it's convenient to have the cords pointing down to stay out of the way.The real power of the phone is in it's software, Android 4.0 or "Ice Cream Sandwich".  The phone feels responsive and smooth to the touch.  I like how they changed the storage memory to become one single partition as opposed to two separate (On-board + USB storage).  It makes for managing applications and memory more efficient, as "moving to SD card" was starting to become more trouble than it's worth.  The interface is similar to that of Android 3.0 or Honeycomb, for those who are familiar.The real question I'm sure your all wondering is the "build" of the software.  I can say that my Galaxy Nexus came with "yakju".  Yes, I have the Google build of the software.  However, I wasn't satisfied.  With Google selling the Galaxy Nexus on the Google Play Store and having a different Android build "takju", I went and did some research.  The good news is that the software is available from Google.  Do a search for "stock Android ROMs".  The bad news is that it required a little "know how" in computer programming to get the Google sanctioned takju on my Galaxy Nexus, but Voila!.  I have the exact same Google branded phone that Google is selling with all the trimmings (such as Google Wallet), but in White!Very VERY good phone.  Amazingly fast.  Evermore faster on T-Mobile's HSPA network, getting up to 8MB download speeds on a good day.  I don't know what else to say except that the Galaxy Nexus can quite possibly be the best phone for any phone fanatic out there.  It sets the bar for other Android phones, as well as iPhone.  Now let the competition begin!

its great phone, gets OS updates before other phones of the same category. Its very intuitive and the screen resolution is superb!
