
1) This seller sent me the product without battery.I think he received this phone in return from somebody, didn't look inside the box and after this sent it to me. So bad!I asked help to Amazon and Amazon offered me some money back, so that I could buy the battery myself.I accepted it and only now, after buy the battery from Amazon, I can use the phone.I don't know if this phone is a good product. I need to use first (but the seller is not).2) There are 15 days I'm using this cell phone. So far, no problem (it's working well).But I think it's early to conclude about the product.

I love my samsung galaxy, the camara is perfect, the size is exactly that I need, I am still looking for a case, good seller, I would like to do business with him again.

I have no complaints about the phone, mainly because I haven't had a chance to really use it. When I received the phone the battery was dead so I plugged it in and left it charging for a couple hours without using it. When I turned it on and started using it, it stayed charged for maybe an hour. I left it charging while I was sleeping and, 8 hours later), it had reached 50%. I turned it off thinking maybe it would reach full charge faster, but when I turned it back on after leaving it charging, it was down to 11%.Needless to say, I just had to order a new battery and I am stuck using an old phone until I receive my new battery. I'm just upset that I waited so long for the phone and now that I have it I have to wait longer to use it.

Excelente celular muy bueno practico cumpli&oacute; con todas mis expectativas me encanta no tuvo errores ni da&ntilde;o muy bueno y elegante

Awesome phone and great customer service. I love having a unlocked phone so I don't have to be tied down for 2 years with a contract. I would recommend buying from USWireless again. My package was deliverd very fast!! Thank You!

Dropped it once from 10 inches above the ground and the screen will now not turn on. There are not even any cracks in the screen

Do not buy from Joycells.  I wondered why they immediately send out an email telling you not to leave negative feedback.  Now I know.  Because they sell crap.  The description of the phone says it is white.  It is black.  They put a sticker over the original pkg SN with a different description.  The battery was generic, not samsung.  The charger had scratches on it.  The quick start guide looked like it was photocopied.  The battery life was only about 6 hours even with NO use.  I removed apps, reduced power, etc.  I have done all the usual suggestions to make it better and it still had a terrible battery time.  I am a very light user.  I don't play games, look at videos or use it for music.  I just make a couple calls a day and texts.  It periodically shut off for no apparent reason and I did not know it til I tried to make a call.  It periodically would not recognize my SIM card and I had to reboot.  Sometimes the people I called could not hear me, nor could I hear them, although the phone said it was connected.  I contacted the lousy customer service at Joycells and their answer was for me to return the phone and order another one.  That would leave me without a phone for an indefinite period of time.  That was their answer... take it or leave it.  I ordered one from EBay.  Works fantastic.... I have no problem with Amazon.  Their customer service was good.  They refunded my money.

I ordered new mobile, they have sent me the used one.. Don't go for this option. This is scam, worst mobile I have ever seen.

I don't understand how you can sell something as new when you have obviously opened and installed programs on it. This phones homepage was bbs. romup . com and there is a root explore app installed. As well as a card tucked inside that says if I give POSITIVE feedback in the next 7 days I get my warranty extended to 45 days.My husbands black one appears fine.

This is a nice phone. It has wonderful features but the battery life is disappointing. There are also times when the phone gets a bit too warm.

I loved this product, was searching for a reduced cost Samsung Galaxy S2 but the Skyrocket blew me over. My only complaint is that this product did not come with the two extra batteries as seen in the product picture. I think the seller may have intentionally done this.The product description does not mention any accessories so complaining would of been futile. Product is new without any scratches, comes with headphones, charger and AT&T box with &#34;Startup&#34; Instructions. Due to it being an AT&T unlocked phone it does have a lot of AT&T apps but without much hassle can be uninstalled. Changed the Mobile Network settings to my current carriers easily. I would of given 5 stars if it came with the 2 extra batteries.

I'm happy with the phone but the only thing was that the charger didn't charge the phone I had to buy a new charger and also I pay extra for shipping but it took longer then the time it said to be shipped .

I got a phone that was not working. when I try turning on the phone, I heard the noise that is on but nothing was showing on the screen.

This phone will not charge. Had nothing but issues with it. Returned it for a refund. Wont recommend this to others

Today i have received this phone. This is my first smart phone and it is amazing.  Today i have received this phone. This is my first smart phone and it is amazing.

I love this phone. I love the size and weigh of it.  I just think that it can be a bit cheaper, but I love that it's completely unlocked.

I bought this phone September 28th 2013 as a birthday gift to myself. When it came to me everything was there that needed to be. The only thing that I did not like about the delivery was that it seemed as though it took a long time to finally get to me. Once I received the phone I went to my wireless carrier with the phone and they automatically connected it for me. The phone worked very well. Now that the phone has gotten older it is slower but that is to be expected. Considering the fact that I am a person who drops their phone almost 3 times a day I think that this is a fairly sturdy phone. I have three cracks on my screen but that is to be expected from someone like me. The only thing that I truly dislike about this phone is that it won't let me do system updates on it and that now it keeps having this voice talk up pop up at all times of the day. Another big thing about this phone is that it became very glitchy on me, and now will freeze then restart on its own. As of recently I will have to start the phone over sometimes in order for it to charge  Phone is very sturdy and has been a great phone to me for as long as I have had it. Due to the glitches (which may have been caused by me dropping it) and the charging problem I now am going to get a new phone, but all in all this phone was very good. JUST DON'T DROP IT!!!!

Temper seal on package box broken and phone looks refurbishedbut is working so I've decided to keep it .

was good. my mom went back home and the fun worked she didnt need to pay somebody to unlocked. was good.

but the battery is a little weak. I don't think it's because the previous owner drained it. I think smart phones are just made with weak battery life these days. I ordered from Driven Wireless and they were great. My phone was one day later than expected but they were really on top of the tracking number and had a quick responses!

Bought New and Cellular Kingdome Sent  me a Refurbished Phone !!!  Took 3 Weeks to get My Money Back. I Made 12 Phone Calls

So I was a little worried about buying an unlocked phone but after months of researching, I chose this one. Phone was new and came in original packaging. A generic car charger was provided which I didn't mind. I purchased the "bring your own phone kit" for Straight Talk. This phone uses a standard simcard. Popped it in, followed the instructions and reset my apn settings (which can be found online). It registered and set a text but then lost service. I spent the morning on the phone with straight talk and they fixed the problem. Phone works flawlessly. Snappy responce time, large screen. Battery doesn't last too long but such is life with a smart phone.  I will update as I use it more. Happy with the phone!UPDATE: 2 days later, and Im having problems. I lost service shortly after I thought it was working. I was instructed by straight talk to remove sim card, battery and SD card. SD card was got stuck (on what, I have no clue) and had to be pried out. Service was restored but problems continued. Screen froze multiple times, shut off and now wont turn on. Currently awaiting sellers approval for refund or exchange. Will update...

Arrived on time. Everything is as advertised :) I'm very happy with it!Oh and I would like to note that you should be careful when ordering a case for it on Amazon (the one I ordered did not fit and it took me a while to find one that did).

Love my Galaxy skyrocket 2 !! Great everything great buy. . . at first i was skeptical about buying but im in love now.

The phone came as described, everything brand new, wrapped, with charger and two pairs of ear buds, but off the bat I was a little leery that the instruction manual looked like it was from some Nordic country. Phone was running Gingerbread and for the life of me I cannot upgrade it to 4.0 (even trying through Kies).The worst part is, even though everything else is in English, the keyboard is IN CHINESE. IT IS A CHINESE KEYBOARD WITH NO OPTIONS TO CHANGE TO THE STANDARD SAMSUNG KEYBOARD. You've been warned.

This phone is locked by AT&T.; The phone is only partially unlocked by AT&T;, therefore you can use the phone on other networks BUT you cannot use DATA plans on other networks.Side issue: the seller (Joycells) is also very slow in responding. Sometimes it would take weeks (with reminders) to get a response.Technical details:When you set up data on a phone, the APN (Access Point Names) need to be changed. In the operating system on the phone, AT&T; has blocked the APN from being changed so you cannot change to a different APN (from a new provider).In older versions of the Android system, you could run an application that modifies the APN and bypass this lock. Unfortunately, Android (Google) decided to team up with the cell networks and block this option in newer versions of the operating system (like the one pre-installed on the phone), so you cannot unblock the APN.At least for the foreseeable future (until Google stops the nonsense), the only way to use this phone with data on a non-AT&T; network is to "root" the phone. Rooting the phone has advantages, but you lose the warranty from Samsung and the ability to upgrade with Kies.It is a good phone, but get it only if you plan to use it on AT&T; or to root it.

this phone is not fully unlocked it does not work for some carriers like T-mobile and other like carrier. the phone is refurbish. the back cover is not the original and it is a different tone of white, some parts of the phone were changed, the data of t mobile does not work and some other software features of the phone does not work perfectly. if you are going to buy this phone for other carriers other than AT&T do not buy it.

this phone is the best and it has all the feature i wanted and its pretty fast. i love it!

Because it does not deserve a star over there, pay 138.99 for this phone and actually thought it would be at least the height of the circumstances, but not really, peeled came on all sides and the screen scratches very pronounced a bad investment that is not for more than cojerlo to spare.

I didn't receive a good phone,I am not sure if it was brand new or used. The phone contained plenty of software errors, lags,crashes etc. Its lasted for 5 months and then one day it did not turn on. There were no lights and no display showing.

I fell in love with this phone. I'm not a big phone person and don't really care of having the latest technology or all that extra junk. Just needed a phone that was simple,more updated then my last phone, good picture quality and could run fast as I do go on the internet a lot and use my email for a lot of important things. This phone tops it all its super fast and I never knew how great an unlocked phone could be because  my tmoblie service works great! Came in great condition and delivery was great and fast. Best decision I ever made with buying the perfect phone made for me! I love it so much thank you amazon and open group wireless! Excellent job :)

I just recieved my phone today and so far so good. The 4g is really fast and everything is working properly. I really love this phone. The only draw back was that I received it a day later than the estimated arrival time, but rather than that I am a very satisfied customer. Also, switching to this phone was easy, I just placed my SIMS card in it and my service automatically switched over to it. I would definitely recommend this phone, and the price is a great buy as well.

This phone is so sweet! It is fast and smooth in operation. It so easy to use and the size is easy to see.Best phone have ever had so I am very happy.

Has AT & T logo printed on the front.  Loaded with AT & T software and AT & T booklets.Not a totally unlocked phone to use on any network you want.  Give it a Miss.

I waited a while to review this, because it was rather an adjustment from Apple to Android. But now I find this phone easy to use and the apps just as useful if not more so. I needed an AT&T compatible device that would use a go-phone account and this one did the job without a hitch.

Great deal, us old guys need a little extra time to work through it. My granddaughter was a great help, I'm a pro at it now and I love the phone.Thanks &#34;Amazon&#34;... :)

This is my first smart phone.  I had a Razr flip phone for 7 years before purchasing this one.  I've had this phone a little over a week.  At first use it is a little bigger than I thought and is too big to fit in my hand comfortably.  Afraid of droping it.  It also has a lot of stuff on it that I will probly never use.  It has good sound/recption and arrived from Oakland Wireless Rochester MI  in just 5 days.

Samsung Galaxy was exactly as he mentioned and received it really fast. Great business guy. When I let him know that he sent me the wrong charger, he sent me the correct charger. Thanks again for your business it was a pleasure and I love the phone and is working like new.

This phone is great! I've had it for a while and have had only one problem with it - the SD slot.  Sometimes it wouldn't read the SD card.  I changed the SD card and it seems to be working just fine now.  Lightweight and not too big.  I also like that it's white.  It cam unlocked, so it's usable on other companies.

photos look real but when you order and arrive to open the package and show is fake and not real samsung brand

It took firmware upgrade easily.Nice shape and color.Good processor and fast.And the seller shipped the item before the expected delivery date.Works fine with ultra,T-mobile,simplemobile etc. You'll need to charge the battery at least twice.After using more than two months,I think I can give it 3.8 star out of 5.Camera feature is cool.Sound clarity at its best.

I'm a big fan of the GALAXY'S! Anyways this phone is great, its 4.5 inch screen is perfect to watch videos or movies. The camera quality is great and also the front camera quality is good. It also records videos in HD. I love this phone because its very fast and it doesn't slow down if I have various apps running at the same time. Only problem I had was that the phone wasn't unlocked when I received it. I called my seller and they kindly provided the unlock code. If your buying this phone buy it from WIRELESS EXPERTS they have good customer service.

Nice phone in great shape but coverage here is terrible.  Bought an ATT micro cell tower but can't register it since I'm using the phone on Wallmart's Straight Talk Phone plan...

The phone came to me as it was in the description, fine, so far everything is working me in perfect condition. Thank you....

one year and still going ... battery consumption seems high, at least charging once a day sometimes twice. good for the price and functionality. notwithstanding, I do see windows platform superior to the android, alas windows has fallen off favor.

Do not buy this phone from the seller Joycells. I order three phone and according to the description the phone is white but they send me all black color phone. Also the accessories on the picture is missing as in picture showing (e.g headphone, battery, back cover) . The battery on the phone is not original from Samsung.

El producto lleg&oacute; antes de la fecha estimada y en caja sellada, excelente servicio. Compr&eacute; 2 equipos y estoy muy contenta con mi compra. Har&eacute; mis pr&oacute;ximas compras con ellos de nuevo!

I had purchased several from people but this actually the first product ,I am writing about. The phone came right before the time I was expected which means that the seller means business, it works well, very good condition, I just LOOOOOOOVE It. Thank you!!

There is a problem in this mobile it does not work, there is a problem in the transmitter, please find a solution to this problem.

Garbage don't buy

Compradores en VenezuelaEl vendedor cumpli&oacute; con la entrega a tiempo en la oficina de env&iacute;os a Miami. El equipo llego en perfecto estado y desbloqueado. El &uacute;nico detalle es que la memoria RAM no es de 1GB es de 780 MB sin embargo corre sin ning&uacute;n problema realice la actualizaci&oacute;n al android jelly bean y corre muy bien. La calidad de la c&aacute;mara es excelente 100% recomendado. comparable con el galaxy SII miniThe seller fulfilled delivery on time delivery office in Miami. The team arrived in perfect condition and unlocked. The only detail is that RAM is 1GB if not 780 MB but runs without problems you upgrade to android jelly bean and runs very well. The camera quality is excellent 100% recommended. comparable with the Galaxy SII mini

This is a nice phone. I had a little problem with the shipping, but it turned out fine.  I really like this phone.

REFURBISHED PHONE CARD LOGIC only use it a few days, and before the month was shut down and no more lit.

The phone is good, however the battery will not hold a charge. The Battery must have a long shelf time.Charlie,

I have straight talk & this phone is great with this carrier.  All I had to do is charge the battery & insert my sim card.

Perfect all across the board. And perfect now with the jellybean upgrade. Wish i could give it more stars. By far the best phone i've every purchased. Samsung 4-life

The phone is great but I can't set up the wi-fi, it does nothing, I've tried an app and nothing, other than that great phone.

Best phone I've owned yet. Came with all the accessories listed in description. No problems, no complaints, no bull. Two thumbs up. :)

Horrible cell,no sale to enybody enymore

The product is ok and it works with a SIM card from another country (Argentina) till now at least.The box look kinda open, but i think its because they opened it to unlock it.The only important item missing in the box is the earphones that I think they took it to sell it or smtg, besides that the phone looks like new and IT IS THE GALAXY 2 SKYROCKET.

Phone works perfectly with Net10s byop. Just change your APN settings and you're texting and surfing in no time. MMS works also.

Even though there are new versions of the Galaxy series phone; this is still a great phone....once recieved; all i did was insert my current sim card from my carrier and configured new APN setting to receive data and BAM! works perfect...with a new software update; phone works perfect, thank you...

Received my phone today and have been fiddling about with it since, first off I'd just like to state that I bought the phone from the seller "Breed" in the "new" condition and that is exactly what arrived today. The phone is free of any scratched or blemishes and was still in the factory packaging that is standard.Now getting to the phone itself, I have to say straight out of the box it runs nice and looks great. And after upgrading the phone to Android version 4.1.2, the phone runs it well with no foreseeable problems. Upon upgrading the phone gets a much better home-screen layout, ability to change lock-screen wallpaper, and a general revamp of interfaces for a much more streamline process.Edit: After putting the phone on Straight Talk, The call quality is crisp and clear and I have yet to see the phone use anything but the high speed 4g lte.As other reviews have pointed out, this phone is also very easy to root, being a first time rooter myself, I was easily able to find the necessary instructions to root the phone and install some very helpful apps that would normally be unavailable.Overall this phone is great even with it being an older phone and easy to use for people looking to get into the smart phone market.

I finally switched to smartphones, and even though this phone was released 2.5 years ago, the available features cover everything I need. The display is large and bright, and the phone is slim. The back cover is plastic that feels cheap and I'm a litlle worried about breaking it when I remove or replace it. The volume during calls is also a little too low even at the highest setting. I like everything else about this phone.

Just love it, but the Samsung kies is horrible. Couldn't update my phone to Jellybean threw that horrible program. Had to go to best buy to get it updated. Other than that, its been rock solid and I couldn't be more happy with my phone

DeR Sir,Can you send this mobile phone on APO adress and do you have a black color.thank you

This is really the best phone I have ever owned.  The seller took the time to answer all my questions honestly and I was and am impressed with the phone.  Love it, Love it, Love it.

Brand new as described using with straight talk all you had to do add a new APN I copied it off my old phone 4G fast lot of bloatware from AT&T put it all in a folder so I don't have to look at got the phone three days earlier than expected been using it for a week or so no problems no issues I think this is a great buy

THE PHONE WAS GREAT IT JUST DIDNT WORK WELL WITH BRIGHT SPOT PHONE SERVICE WHICH IS POWERED BY T MOBILE.AND THE COMPANY WAS AWSOME THAT SOLD THE PHONE I WAS ABLE TO RETURN THE PHONE WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS THANK YOU.

I love it. That's it :P Got a case for it and use it constantly for music, movies, and communication. 1 day battery life plus some. Use it with a $45 Go Phone plan and never have any problems.

Would have given this a 5 stars review but it did not come with the 2 batteries shown in the picture.  It was in new condition and came with the ear buds shown, plus 3 different sizes in end caps which was nice.  I have T-Mo service so I just popped in my SIM card from my old phone and this new one was good to go.  Also, this does not come with a manual, just a &#34;quick start&#34; guide and a &#34;safety and warranty&#34; booklet.  It is an ATT unlocked phone so it is preloaded with a bunch of ATT junk that I'm still trying to uninstall.  Otherwise this was an excellent buy that I would not hesitate to recommend.....just don't be fooled in thinking you will receive an extra battery like the pic shows.  It does come with a USB power cord and A/C adapter plug and one pre-charged battery.  The 4G capability of the Skyrocket v. just the Galaxy II is a real plus.

After browsing for several models of phone i compared this one with the S3 and it has minimal differences, the resolution is awesome as well as the way it execute the apps, having this will give you a really useful tool for the next 4 o 5 year i would say...maybe longer

This phone works greats and I have no complaints. I was with ATT and it got to expenseive. I  use this phone for a no contract unlimited everything with Straight Talk. FABULOUS! I did have one problem though, I could not receive picture text messages. I could send anything in a text, I just could not receive a pic message. This was an issue with the provider, NOT the phone. However, I downloaded &#34;Hangouts&#34; app for text messageing and it worked perfectly. I love this phone. If you are looking for a phone that can help you manage your life with 1000's of apps, that is reasonably priced, this is it.

good quality and very useful. it is perfect a equipment and it is totally unlocked, you can use every where. Price is very good as you need. Delivery is so fast

The speaker phone never worked properly.  No one can hear me at all when I tried to use this cell phone's speaker phone feature.  This is a very important feature that I used on a daily basis with my other samsung galaxy phones.  I don't know if this phone was used or what..

my samsung is amazing,i have been njoyed this cellphone since i bought and i still having fine with it.100%

Now I have had 3 phones in the last year and this by far is the best one. It does not have tiles or is big as a tablet, but it works when I press the keys. I do not have to keep restarting it and the sun does not affect the phone which is great. Brilliant colors and great free apps. Great volume and the music clarity is awesome.

I love this phone. best phone i ever bought from amazon, very stylish and colourful and fast. love the apps, would recommend this phone to anyone who wants style and technology

the cellphone is amazing while is working properly, but after a few days the camera stop working and says "camera failure". its an hardware failure and the only solution is to get a new one. its a shame for an stunning 8mp camera.i couldnt replace the cellphone because i dont live in usa, they just refound me 70$ of the value of the phone.good luck with your order....

This superb phone with many features and being a techie, I have fully tested this phone. Since this phone has EXCEEDED all of my expectations, here is my very detailed review of this very special and fun to use Skyrocket S2 phone. Although I paid more to purchase this phone NEW, I am very glad that I did so as it is working wonderfully! My goal in this review is to help in your buying decision one way or the other regarding this phone.PROS:- SIZE AND WEIGHT: Perfect size for me (with a 4.5" viewing screen like the S3 has). For me, I keep this phone inside a case and cover and it still fits easily into a rather small purse. And also I take it with me to the gym to listen to my music when I work out. Since the phone is lightweight, it is easy to wear on my waistband (in the storage case).- Unlocked Sim - Yes, the phone I received is NEW and I tested the Sim slot to make sure it was unlocked. First I inserted my neighbors T-Mobile standard Sim card (she has a pre-paid plan with no data plan). I simply popped it into the phone and it worked right out of the box, called someone and it worked great. Sent a text (with no pictures or attachments, just text and went fine). Then I removed her Sim and placed my own AT&T; Activated Sim card (Standard sized card). With the T-Mobile and AT&T; Sim cards, this phone worked perfectly as the phone is SIM UNLOCKED, the basic AT&T; Logo is still there, the original AT&T; Apps still there. But you can use say T-Mobile, Straight Talk, or MOST GSM Sim cards should work just fine--just make sure you buy the UNLOCKED ONE not the locked to AT&T; one.However, if you want to use anything other than AT&T;, please contact me in comments for the APN settings for Data and MMS as I have all the settings.One more thing if it says UNLOCKED rather than International Unlocked, it means that JUST THE SIM CARD SLOT is Unlocked for most GSM Standard Sized Sim Cards but still shows the AT&T; Logo on the top front of the phone. Since I did not do anything on my neighbors Sim card but make a quick call and try it for about 30 minutes (she is thinking about buying this phone for herself and using T-Mobile as she does not an AT&T; Account). Also, if you use WiFi like I do, no need for data unless you are in an out of WiFi area a lot of the time. For me, I am around WiFi 95 to 99 percent of the time!- LARGE SCREEN WITH GOOD RESOLUTION - This absolutely gorgeous screen measures 4.5 inches (seems larger) and it is just the right sized screen. Before this phone I used to use a Galaxy Note and Grand (both had 5 inch or more screens), both were too big, heavy and bulky. Now, I am using the S2 Skyrocket as the screen is large and has good resolution with 207 ppi (pixels per inch) and higher is better. This has a very sharp screen with easy to read screen. It looks to me as sharp as my old Galaxy Note I did and MUCH MUCH sharper than my Galaxy Grand (which just had 187 ppi and it was not as clear as the S2 Skyrocket) so that extra 20 pixels per inch makes a big difference in my opinion. Again, this screen is so vivid and clear!- STANDARD REGULAR SIZE SIM CARD: This phone has a regular/standard Sim card slot. (Note the S3 regular phone and S4 phones accept a micro Sim. So glad that this phone accepts a regular/standard Sim.-- Phone call clarity etc. - No matter what my location using this phone for phone calls the clarity of calls is loud and clear whether on the phone's speaker, headset etc. I even had to turn down the volume quite a lot as the calls come in so well.- WiFi/3G (Internet): Connects to any WiFi I have tried very quickly and easily. (For browser, I installed Opera Mini free from Playstore and found it to be a very easy to use and fast browser).- Overall speed, performance, smoothness, picture quality of the screen--very fast and peppy. And I found a way to SAVE on both memory and on battery. What I did was to go into Apps/ Manage Apps and DISABLED the apps I don't use. Without rooting the phone, you cannot uninstall pre-installed factory apps, but you can disable them. Disabling the ones you don't use makes the phone run faster and frees more memory! Since I am a techie, I know which ones to disable and which ones not to disable, so if in doubt, please ask me in the comments and I will be glad to assist you in this.- BATTERY LIFE: This phone has given me the ONE OF THE BEST battery life of ANY smartphone or that I ever owned. And I use 100% brightness. For me, even at 100 brightness, if I use WiFi when I need it and then turn it off, I get all day into the night on one single charge! (I charge nightly and the phone is at 100% ready to go the next morning).- EXTERNAL SLOT FOR MICRO SD CARD - This helped to sell me on this phone as I can add my personal music, photos, videos and more to this phone!And I placed a 32g in mine for music, files etc. *Keep in mind where External SD cards are concerned: They are JUST for your personal files: music, videos, photos, and other files. When you install apps from Playstore or other sources, they store either in INTERNAL Memory Card or sometimes in the phone area (most store in the INTERNAL SD AREA). This is the law of the land where Android is concerned and ALL newer Android devices (including Samsung) work this way when storing your downloaded apps are concerned.- INTERNAL STORAGE SPACE:This phone is advertised at 16GB of Internal space. The 16GB is the space BEFORE the drive was formatted, OS installed and then factory apps installed. So what I had on the phone BEFORE I installed any apps it had 10.75GB left. This is how it is on any flash drive, SD card, Hard Drive as formatting alone takes up space.Also, since 3.0 Android and above, you cannot save any apps to your personal SD card. Instead the apps are installed one way or the other to the INTERNAL SPACE. However, the good thing is that your personal files as photos, music, videos, and more can be installed to your EXTERNAL SD Card so you do have that space for yourself.**I have a few apps I downloaded from the Playstore, but no games so I still have about 4.08 GB left on my phone for more apps later should I wish to install them.- CAMERA - The 8MP camera concerned me that is UNTIL I took both indoor and outdoor pictures and even video. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. When I printed out some close up and other shots, I was really happy with the detailing in the pictures. Turns out to be a very good camera.- Bluetooth Speed and Performance - The Bluetooth paired quickly with several devices and copied files at a great rate of speed.- OTG (On the go) USB plug for flash drives, mice, etc. For me, I use an OTG Micro Adapter (S3 and S4 ones work) and am able to plug in a flash drive, mouse and more. Could not get my portable Hard Disk to work, but flash drives work fine.- NFC (Near Field Communication) has been advertised to work on this phone. Have not yet tried this feature.CONS:- No built in FM Radio like the regular SII has. Not a problem because I installed TuneIn Radio (free) from the Playstore and I can play lots of radio (FM or other) when WiFi is on.- Adobe Flash is not supported in this phone or ANY ANDROID DEVICE after 4.0 OS. The only way to get flash is to get a archived flash and use a high end browser such as Puffin or Maxthon Browser. So downloading the older archived flash gives the ability to view SOME internet videos, but this is better than no flash at all. Keep in mind this is a problem with ALL brands of Android devices with 4.0 OS and higher it is just after 4.0 Android came out, the NEW and best flash is NOT supported for Android devices. It is what it is...Bottom line: Would I buy this phone all over again? Yes I certainly would. Hope this review has assisted you and thank you for reading it. Please feel free to ask me any questions in the comment area and I will answer all questions in a very timely manner.

Hasta ahora todo muy bien con el producto y el servicio fu&eacute; muy bueno, por lo tanto recomiendo al vendedor.

I like this phone, use it with Straight talk. I do not like the way the text messaging is set up but that's a personal preference. I got mine from Good Guy Electronics. The issue I had was the battery would fully charge but then die without notice when it reached about 50%. I contacted them and the next morning they sent back message saying they would send me a new battery  same day so hope that fixes the issue!

I ordered this phone from US Wireless and when it came, all the things I needed was in the box: the phone, charger, and a manual (for preparations). It was new, and what surprised me was that the OS has already been upgraded to 4.1. Not only that, the battery was fully charged and the phone was unlocked. The only thing I needed to do was to pop in my SIM and memory card and it works. There were a lot of apps that were preinstalled that I didn't need and luckily, this phone can disable the apps, which helped saved battery consumption and memory space. Battery is decent, memory is decent, everything is decent. Basically, this Android is a very good decent phone.

I bought this phone used back in June 2013 and I love it! Even with it being used it has been a wonderful phone and still going strong. It has good battery life, the camera takes amazing pics and sound quality is great. When I decide to upgrade again it will be a Samsung phone!

I bought this phone over a month ago for my month-long trip back to China because one of my coworkers had an unlocked AT&T phone and it worked well in China. After I got the phone, I tried a Tmobile sim card and realized it didn't work. Then I thought I should be able easily to find someone in China to unlock it. But guess what? When I was in China, I sent it to a shop and the owner of the shop (an expert on fixing cellphones in that city) couldn't find a package to unlock the phone for over a week. I ended up buying another new phone there for my need. I was very disappointed!

This Samsung is extremnely fast . Can do just about anything with it. Several draw backs - since I did have an Apple 4 previously ( Did not replace Apple 4  which was stolen because of cost differential) Samsung is not as user freindly in addition when using the unit outside in daylight it is extremely difficult to see because of glare. Indoors the resolution is great .

The phone worked great for about 3 months, then for no reason it just stopped working. Not reliable at all!!!!

Nice cool little phone to have with all the right features, I  would recommend this phone to someone else if they asked

This cell phone looks nice, it's very light, good screen size for videos, pictures, etc.Set-up was very easy and migrating all all contacts from previous cell phone was a breeze.camera app included is really bad..  terrible resolution even blurry pictures, this phone is ok for the price for an android phone if you don't want a contract.. if you don't mind the contract.. go with a different phone.. perhaps an iPhone, a newer version of the Samsung Galaxy.

My sister ordered this phone as her first smartphone, it works just great and brand new, she uses with a Mexican carrier and works fine. And all for less than 300 it's good.

I was impressed with the size of the screen and all the features this phone has. For the price its better than the competition in phones.

The cellphone is perfect for me!!It came completely unlocked and in the color I wanted.Is the perfect size... and the applications wrks really good!!

I bought this phone though y'all an I was very excited I still have it but never use it cause it doesn't work right  all it does lag it's slow and it messes up like something's wrong with it...wish y'all would replace it

The phone came on time and the seller deserves 5 stars.  The phone itself is superb and came with Android vs 4.0.4.  I inserted my Tmobile SIM and worked right away, no problems there.  The issue is that I have not been able to get my laptop to recognize it yet so that I can use the Samsung KIES software, and I have been trying for over 5 days now.  Whatever I try I keep getting 'Unknown Device' error when I plug it in.  I tried on 3 different laptops with different OS's, Win7, WinXP, and Vista, all report the same issue.... all I can do is charge it when connected.  I followed instructions from a dozen websites of people reporting similar issues to no avail..... So for now, I give it a 4 star rating as I have to use the Kies Air app to access it via a URL.  I'll update this review if I figure out a solutionUpdate: 11/12/13:Changed to 1 star.  I really like the form factor/speed/features but my experience with this specific phone is just getting worse, I believe I received a defective device and am about to return it.- After almost 2 weeks of trying suggestions from online research I am still not able to get any PC/laptop to recognize it.  I even had 2 colleagues with similar phones try it on their PCs (that recognize their phones just fine) with their own cables but it still didn't work, so I know it's not my laptop and/or cable.- Charging doesn't always work:  Sometimes when I plug it to either my laptop or wall charger it doesn't charge at all some other times no issues- And since I cannot rely on charging to consistently work I have to turn it off at night, and yesterday evening when I tried to turn it off it showed the android character and said "Downloading, do not turn off target" and nothing was downloading and was stuck on that for a few hours.  I had to hold the power button down for a few seconds to force a restart.  This happened again this morning.I'm so disappointed as I really like this phone and hopefully they'll send me a replacement that actually works!!!

Item just as described, works perfectly. So far no inconvenience. It was a gift for my father, and so far he is happy with it.

I have had my phone for about two weeks now and I am loving it.  because it is my first smartphone I had to get a new sim card from AT&T, but as an out of contract customer this was provided at no cost to me.  I am still trying to learn all of the bells and whistles and as it has been on the market for several years I'm sure there are other phones out there that have a lot more bling, but this one is good for me. the only real con I have found is because it is an older model phone I cannot find the type case and screen protector I want for the phone.. but I have a cute case on it (not so great for protection ) and hopefully since I have a quite lifestyle the screen will not need a protector.  I tried the film kind and they did not work very well.  For someone like me who just wants a good basic smart phone that has good internet features for accessing things like facebook and e-mail.. weather.. maps etc. it is a very good phone for the money.  Looks great as well.. I love the white color.(especailly with my pink case)

Awesome phone. Works so well. Wouldn't change anything for it. It works so well. I just love it. Thank you!

I've always liked Samsung phones and this one is the best I've had.If you're looking for an unlocked GSM cellphone, BUY THIS ONE.You will not regret it.

i have not purchased this phone from amazon but i have purchased it at  the price here,but overall the galaxy s2 is a well-rounded phone that is considerably cheap considering the screen size,power,and versatility of the phone,i have had this phone for about 9 months now and have had little to no problems with it.if your looking for a phone with a good degree of quality for a decent price this is the way to go.

i really like this phone but i think it has a few problems: It freezes, gets really too hot when talking on the phone and battery lifes sucks!

I love this phone. It is feature packed. Dislikes only that there is a bot of bloatware, but you can disable it. The battery does not last long if you leave everything running though, so be sure to take advantage of disabling the bloatware.

I do Like the phone. unfortunately it's not new, refurbished item. back lid doesn't even fit on the phone, it's cracked already and color doesn't match the phone either. Sure not worth $200. Need to return it.

It worked with Tmobile. Nice big screen. Lots of android apps. It connects to WIFI easily. The only thing i don't like is it has an ATT logo on the front of the phone.

awsome screen takes awsome pics and it has good battery life as well and it white i hate black phones the show scratches badley.

The phone arrived in an official-looking box, but many words on the box were misspelled.  To me, that is a clear sign that not everything is officially Samsung.-- The software on the phone is Chinese (keyboard, applications, etc.) by default, but if you look around the internet, there are ways to install the original software for your country for free.-- The NFC feature that allows 2 phones to transfer data by touching is not available by default because the battery is counterfeit.  Only official batteries have the NFC antenna.  You may need to buy a replacement battery from your service provider or an official Samsung distributor if you want to use the NFC feature.-- The finish on the battery cover does not match the phone and does not sit flush with the phone body.-- The charging adapter has a flimsy wire and does not reliably charge the phone.  I ended up using the charger from a previous Samsung phone.The low price reflects the counterfeit accessories, but if you can live with that, the phone is a great value considering it is unlocked.

I'm really happy about this product. The only thing I don't like is that sometimes I don't get the 4G. Most times it takes too much time to connect. But, apart from that, everthing works perfectly. It's light and thin. It's beatutiful.

This Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S 2 Skyrocket has worked beautifully since it was purchased a few months ago.  Although an older model, it was really ahead of it's time with features.  It has 4G LTE as well as HSPA+ data speed.  It has mostly been used on an AT&T; MNVO (Straight Talk) which doesn't offer LTE, but have tried it on AT&T; as well.It has good signal and call clarity.  Battery life has been fine. It has gotten HEAVY use, especially on WI-FI.The seller, HassleFreeCell, gets 5 stars for service as it was delivered on time and new as described. I have purchased from them before and would again.

no earphones and usb cable not working!!!save ur money good ppl out there!!!!!not as promised!!! amazon needs 2b more careful with market sellers!!!!!

It is a great phone if you take care of it, the only bad point is that the battery in this moment (I bought it 8 months) is starting to fail.

This phone is amazing, all the aspects and features are just great, it's a really fast phone, excellent android smartphone!!

It arrived on time, and the cell phone was brand new. I am using it in south america, it is working perfectly. It was unblock and in its correct box with everything! I am really happy with my order and I strongly recommend this cell phone.!

I did a great purchase! Excellent condition, excellent price. I really recommend the phone and the seller. Plus, they contacted me few days after the purchase to ask for my oppinion and offering help in case of any problem. The charger does not work, to be honest, but it's not a big deal since I have lots of chargers at home.I insist. great phone, great seller. Buy it...

My first Android phone was a Samsung Captivate which I really enjoyed despite the three major flaws: poor battery life, under-powered processor and limited RAM (i.e. freezing and lagging) as well as limited storage.  In comparison to the Samsung Captivate, the Samsung Skyrocket has a much bigger screen but feels lighter, has a more than capable processor as well as sufficient RAM (hence the phone never freezes or lags), it has greater battery capacity, and I can use a 32GB MicroSDHC card. I use a Diztronic Matte Back Clear Flexible TPU Case made for the Skyrocket (available on Amazon). Most people mistake the phone for the Galaxy S III.  The two complaints I have about the phone: 1) the screen can run hot and 2) battery life is not stellar if you are actively using your cell or wi-fi signals. I would recommend definitely recommend this phone to mid-range to high end users, especially if the price is right. In addition, this phone was also easy to &#34;root.&#34;

Love this phone. Does all i need and more, plus 4G. Calls are clear, Skype is clear. Could not be happier.

works awesome no problems what all ever except the fact that it over heats from time to time but I guess that's normal

the phone is a good purchase was unlocked as advertised however i tried to access the hotspot internet feature on it and regretably AT&t has locked or disable this feature on the phone.so i have the feature of thethering as a hotspot but cannot access it.  please can anyone help me to unlock this feature...or do i need to email at&t

Very nice cel phone. I upgraded it to JB and feels like an S4. Nice procesor. Good Camera, LTE. Thats exactly what i looking for a REAZONABLE PRICE.

This phone is super cool. Its my first android phone. It has great memory,easy to manage settings and a very nice camera. The shipping was free and it came with the original box and the typical phone package accessories.

This is the third phone I purchased and finally I got it right. It worked with my plan and I couldn't be happier.

This response speed of this phone is acceptable, not steller. One pesky problem: It sometimes freezes unexpectedly without any button response, followed by a self reboot after about half of a minute.

I bought this phone and am using it with straight talk. Great phone that is fast and takes great pictures.

I recommend it 100% serious, andresponsible, the product arrived just the wayspecification, which is a wine ifspot on the screen that was what Ipleasure, the phone is in good working

I first received a counterfeit version from Amazon's own &#34;Warehouse Deals&#34;, but the problem was remedied and this has turned out to be a great phone.  I like it much better than the regular S2 I owned before.  Good performance, battery life and reliability.  A+

I bought two of these phones refurbished from Edwinlion. Do not buy from that guy. 3 months later I have one phone that is completely dead and won't turn on while I have another that will randomly shut off.  Once 30 days lapsed Amazon wouldn't help me either after being a loyal costumer for many years. So if you buy one then buy brand new. At least you might have a manufacturers warranty. I am now out $400 and have two pieces of junk that even a professional cant fix.

I purchased this for my wife for our anniversary. This is her first Smart Phone and she  loves it. She learned how to use it pretty quick and is still learning,T he only reason I did not give it 5 stars is, like every other Smart Phone, it has a faster battery drain (you are not going to go 3 days without a charge) and they do not have as good of a signal reception as our older phones. But, you have to give a little to get a lot. I own a lot of Samsung products and this also is not a disappointment.

Nice phone but did not get original earphone and USB cord. That handicapped me in using this phone as I intented to.

when receiving calls or making them an echo is always heard from tthe other callwr. also cant see text messagesat timesatt

I like the product. But I don't like the warranty policy and the live chat customer services. I asked them how to find out the warranty through the IMEI, I chat with 3 of them, each one gives me different answer ...Apple can go to a website, type in IMEI and see the warranty.

I had good experience Good condition and good working as described in article all is ok. Good good good thanks

Purchased it to work on Straight talk ATT. Best cell phone I ever had. Works well with Straight Talk. The SMS integrated in the phone did not send photos so I downloaded Handcent and it works perfectly.

Phone works perfectly though most of the paint on the side trim were scratch off but i was able to hide it with the case cover so it looks good now. So love the 4g feature of the phone.

LEVEL OF COMFORT IS MORE NOTICEABLE THAN FRACTIONS OF A MILLIMETER, AND WE FELT RIGHT AT HOME WITH THE SKYROCKET.By being a member of the Galaxy S II family, you've already come to know what to expect in the Skyrocket's hardware. The usual suspects are present: 1GB of RAM, an eight megapixel rear camera with an LED flash and 1080p video capture, a two megapixel front-facing camera and a WVGA Super AMOLED Plus display with a tried-and-true RGB matrix. Yet each device that bears Sammy's Galaxy S II logo still adds a few unique characteristics to give it a personality of its own, and the Skyrocket's definitely no exception.The Skyrocket is known as the Samsung Galaxy S II LTE in other parts of the globe for its obvious inclusion of next-generation network connectivity, a feature that certainly helps the phone stand out from the rest of the pack. It, like the HTC Vivid, has the heavy burden of ushering in a new era of smartphones on Ma Bell's lineup -- not unlike the LG CU500, the pioneer for HSDPA (3G) on Cingular a distant five years ago.

Excellent phone for straight talk perfect, just want I wanted, cell phone companies should do this instead of $90 monthly service and a price break on a phone, i've got $360.00 into this phone with sim and accessories , but my monthly is only $41.33, for unlimited everything, sweetness

Great phone is every aspect except for the phone itself. Talking reveals a defect in the phones design. The other party can annoyingly hear themselves when they are talking. I also tried to disable the noise cancellation microphone and it did not change anything. I returned this phone because the Phone in next to non functional.

This phone after being reset to factory settings, started to work properly with T-mobile and a European SIM card. Price is good, phone is not the latest on the market, but does what is supposed to do, and actually I think it has the right balance of what one needs out of a phone. The selling company was nice to call me after the first negative review and offer to replace the phone. Quite happy with the purchase.

The phone upon arrival will not keep correct time, and the battery life is very short.  Two things important for a phone.

got 2 of these phones for my wife and i. they work great. be warned these do see fake gs2 here on amazon even on prime. i had to return the first two i got lucky the second to i got was the real ones.

Works good so far. Came unlocked & it is compatible in the Caribbean to work with b mobile sim cards

i love my phone its awesome  price was great and the size was even better. lite weight takes great photos use it on straighttalk plan  watch alot of movies on it

failure phone with problems, not unlocked and can not be used in Venezuela, has programming flaws, I would like to give me a solution to my problem.

This is my second SII.  The screen went on the first one.  Would have replaced just the screen but the price is almost as much as a new phone.  This would be my only complaint, but it is likely true of all touch phones.  It arrived on time and exactly as it was described in the listing.  There is an at&t logo on the front but it is unlocked.  Both my T-mobile and Canadian Rogers SIMs work fine in it.  The battery life is 24-36 hrs which is adequate.

It's almost the Samsun siii with the same apps I love the size not to big not to small perfect

El telefono vino con una bateria NO original, una CHINA, aja, funcionaba asi que no le vi problema mayor, lo actualice a Android Jelly bean por medios oficiales y ahora no me dura nada la bateria, de 2 a 3 horas...no se si es el telefono o la bateria o problema de software.. aparte de esto el telefono funciona perfecto. Compre 2 y el otro no se actualizo a jelly bean y la bateria dura, no tanto como deberia pero mas de 3 horas.The phone came without the samsung Original battery, it was a Chinnese battery, when i updated to the Official jelly bean the battery only last like 2 to 3 hours... i dont know if it is a software problem or hardware or factory problem... besides this the phone work great. i bought two, the other one its only on gingerbread, the battery last longer, not like it supposed to last but longer than 3 hours.

I requested the white one, not black, what can I say? customer sevice? I needed this purchase for a bday gift, better two stars than one but you don't want it.

there is something is not working and it has to be when i need refund or some like that. thank you

Good deal.

phone was just what I wanted.  Once I received it and started to personalize it, I realized, when I was having difficulty with something as simple as choosing the language and keyboard style that this phone was Chinese.  Everything about it was foreign and by then the phone would not accept any changes.  I sent it back after futile attempts to fix the situation.  Reordered a different phone from a different company.

was unlocked only for phone calls and messaging, for data it was not. I had to return it back. Galaxy is good, but this particular item not exactly as described,

This phone arrived as advertised,new, in perfect working order. It has the same setup as my Samsung tablet and was easy to put in apn  settings for my own provider. The camera is awesome and screen size and quality are great! Very fast response  time. This phone takes a regular sim  card and mini for extra memory.

loved the product..shipping was fast, I havent left it alone since i got the phone...its a good phone.. would recommend it
