
This is one the best prepaid buys I have ever made! I purchased this item as a gift for my boyfriend,who had been struggling for weeks with his century old cell phone. He's not the best with technology, so I was a bit hesitant on buying something that had a touch screen, but as it turns out it's actually very simple! He loves it! Not only can he talk, text and surf the web, but he also purchased 16 gigs for $15 dollars more to put a good amount of music on his phone. Now I'm worried I wont be able to get him off his new phone! Oh well, at least I get the pleasure to know that I was the one who got him this awesome gift =)Get it, you wont regret it!

The phone was fine. The problem was that I only use the phone a little and the minimum plan was $50 a month and I cannot afford that amount.

I bought mine at the same Walmart store I got my first prepaid flip phone from verizon.  I didn't want anything fancy and I came across this one after deciding I wanted a touch screen without paying for a smartphone. I fell in love with it the moment I laid eyes on it, It was perfect just what I was looking for!!  I can't say enough good about it - love it.  haven't had any problems since i had since last year.  No real problems to report.  I would say without a cover for it, it is a bit slippery and can slip out of your hands so I got a cover for mine and works well!  Thanks Verizon Wireless for making a great prepaid phone touch phone without the cost of a iphone!!!!

when we tried to active the phone it said it was already activated in someone else name I don't like that it was brand new

Not worth it. It gets hot and freezes sometimes. The only good thing about this phone is that it can take being dropped several times.

Husband is a truck driver and needed a phone that had good service. This phone offered that. He likes the features on the phone. Has good web browsing and real good messaging. Could have a couple games on it. Only has 2 demo games.

When my last phone died I knew I would need a good one to last for quite a while. I must admit the first thing that drew me to this phone was the plan. 50$ a month for unlimited talk, text, and web! Heck yeah! The phone is a dream! Internet is fast the voice is clear the touch screen is a breeze to work and personalizing it is easy as it gets! I really love the Micro SD slot for my own stuff. The one and only draw back was that if you drop it, it breaks apart and you have to chase down the back and the battery, however I got a case on here for 75 cents and it is worth its weight in gold! The case i got is plastic rubberized and pure purple so i'll let you figure out which one i am talking about. All in all this phone is amazing! I would highly recomend it!

Love this phone. Once you read the instruction. Then you will know your phone. SOme people think they can figure it out without reading the instruction. But this phone has solved what I am looking for. The other phone was not being put to use, so I down graded to this one. I am glad I did. And it helps me save money.

Its a good phone and simple to use...no drop calls ...i like. Would buy another verizion phone in the future....boostmobile phones dont work well in the south too many drop calls.

Great phone ~ first one for our daughter.  She naturally knew how to use it, and we have no complaints.  Great price & fast shipping ~ easy to initiate.

If all you need is a phone for talking, this is it! Touch screen, QWERTY keyboard, camera, pocket-sized. It may be a little dated, but it's perfect for those not out to make an impression.

I really like this phone, I find it simple to use and I like the sliding feature to text.  I would recommend this product.

I bought this phone from Verizon. Lasted me about 6 months. Only two months in started having problems with memory, internet, and phone calls. But I liked the keyboard and the price so I stuck with it. After 5 months the screen was barely working and wouldn't register that I was touching it, so I could only navigate with the keyboard. Sadly the keyboard doesn't actually give you access to much, not even the menu. I ended up getting into a rage with it and storming off to buy a crappy $15 phone to last me until I found a new semi-smart phone I liked.

I love this phone! I switched from a regular phone to this one and love it. There was no problem switching it over from Verizon and it's at least 50 dollars cheaper online. A great product! I love it!

When I first received my phone (through Amazon) it worked and was a decent phone--enough features and reasonably easy to use. After 8 weeks of use, the power button stopped working. In other words, the phone would not turn on. I called LG customer service and was told to send the phone in--at my own expense. When the phone was returned to me--approx. 10 days later--it had the exact same problem: no power. (The return slip showed me that the obviously distracted customer service representative I talked to had misspelled my name and my e-mail address.) Second try: This time LG sent me a Fed Ex prepaid shipping label. I sent the phone. When it was returned it did not turn on on the first try, but then it did. I programed the phone and attempted to make a call. I got an error message that instructed me to call a number, which, of course I could not do because the phone would not allow me to make a call!! I turned the phone off, thinking that rebooting might do something. I could not turn the phone on again. The customer service agent I talked to told me to send the phone in for the 3rd time. I was promised a prepaid label withing 48 hours. It never arrived and I had to make another phone call. So here I am with no phone and waiting to get the label I need to send this lemon in for the third time. I understand that sometimes there can be a manufacturing flaw in one phone, but for heaven's sake, admit it and replace the phone with a new one! Terrible customer service. I will never buy another LG product.

I received the phone and all appeared to be well, but then I couldn't keep more than a few pics, go online, etc.  I called VERIZON who took me to a code in the phone, asked me where I'd purchased it and explained that the Extraverts software had been updated as there was a problem w/the memory on the former versions ....then told me  have to go to a Verizon or Bestbuy to have the newest software updated.  In my case, as I suffer from limited mobility due to muliple sclerosis, this is more than an inconvenience. Unhappy with this purchase...I would have rather paid more and ordered from Wirefly again or directly from Verizon.

I upgraded from a flip phone to this one and love it! It is so much easier to text with the keyboard and the touch screen is not so responsive that it reacts to every little touch but it works well. Very easy to navigate and takes beautiful picures and videos!

I bought this as a replacement for my daughter's phone when her's took a dump. The &#34;rep&#34; at the Verizon store was able to &#34;convert&#34; it to our plan so it's not prepaid. A good buy when I know the whole family will be getting &#34;smart&#34; phones in the near future.

I bought this phone at a big box store because it was available, I needed a prepaid plan, and Verizon carries it.It got really, really hot when I used it for more than 15 minutes.One day it got really, really, REALLY hot, and then the screen sort of scrambled itself, the sound started getting too choppy to understand, and then, well, it just died.I bought ANOTHER one for the same reasons I bought the first, plus the fact that I was already familiar with how to use it.That was just a few months ago. Now it is getting really hot when I use it. Sometimes when it gets REALLY hot, the sound becomes indecipherable. I hang up, let it cool, and reboot. This doesn't happen easily when I'm blue-toothing it while I'm driving . . .But it is clearly getting worse, and I'm already planning on my next phone. I promised friends and family that I wouldn't put them through this much longer. Conversations can be really frustrating.

This phone is Ok. I am not crazy about how hard you have to push the screen to slide it up, I tried calibrating it several times and I still have to push hard. The buttons are very, very small, so if you have big fingers, this is not he phone for you. Does not take very good pics either. I don't like the zoom process at all. I wish they offered a droid for verizon in the prepaid :(

The touch screen works well and seems to need just the right amount of pressure. Not to heavy and not to light. Calls are clear and rarely drops them. Love the slide out keyboard. It makes texting a breeze. Nice compact size and easy to carry in pocket, purse,or on your waist in a case.  Fits nicely in your hand.  I am female and seems to be just the right size for my smaller hands. Easy to navigate through features and they are very useful. Holds a lot of information I.e. phone numbers addresses etc.  Like putting favorite options on main screen such as alarm which I use a lot. Easy to understand and use.  Only complaint is pictures are a little small on screen and camera could be better.  I have had it for over a year and it is still working as good as the day I got it and I use it a lot.

Havent had any problems with it - except it shows advertiseements. You just need to remove some apps in the Media Center. No  big deal

This is a nice phone the only drawback that I find is the touch screen is delayed for texting. The picutre quality is quite good. Phone clarity on calls is very good.

Got this joke phone in August. Battery died in less than 4 months. Very hard to get a replacement battery already, because they're already outdated and aren't available anywhere locally. We'll be forced to buy a battery online and wait, wait, wait, without a working phone. Funny Verizon never said anything about this when they SOLD us this joke phone. And even the Amazon ratings for the *battery* are dismal.LG apparently stands for "LOW GRADE"Never again.

I bought the LG Extravert on Verizon's prepaid plan because though the screen is smaller than a smart phone the savings made up for it.  I have had it one week and it has been a huge problem. First I needed the email app so I pressed on this app on the desk top to learn that if I wanted an email app it would be an additional $6.95 a month for this one "Mobile email". Ok, I needed it and accepted. A few days later the app stops working. I call Verizon technical support, stay on the phone one hour following all their directions (trying to download the Verizon email app from the app button on the phone without any success), and then the technician apologies and states that he just read that the LG Extravert can't have any email app per Verizon who locks it out. Ouch! This is bait and switch. Then I checked the internet and others complained of the exact same problem. I saw that a Verizon tech wrote in response to call tech support -(well you can see where that circle leads).  I have contacted the FTC to complain about this consumer fraud.I would suggest that Amazon discontinue the sale of this phone as otherwise it would be assisting in a fraud that is now getting to be well known on the net.

I bought this phone for my daughter. She does a lot of texting and this phone is set up great for texting. I would recommend this to anyone that needs a phone that is easy to operate and if you do a lot of texting.

The phone is very convenient not hard to use. the girls like it also they can download there music and use it for basic things such as texting, picture messaging and listening to music.

This phone 'paired' with my GPS, on the first try.  BUT, it is intermitent in re-connecting.  ........My old cellphone never had a problem 'reconnecting' when I returned to my car.Just when I think it is working okay, it "fails to connect"  again.I know the problem isn't with my GPS unit, because the old cellphone always worked with it great.I really hate to return it for another phone, because I have put all of my contacts into it.

Love this phone. I had Straight Talk before and the internet was a nightmare and I could only write a one page text at a time. This phone is great, does everything I want it to. No it isn't a smart phone but my sister has a Droid and it really doesn't do all that much more than this one does. The internet is awesome on this, you can cut/paste/copy, bring up multiple pages, open pages in new windows, share on facebook, you name it. Far more than other prepaid phones do. But if you want a smart phone then either get a plan for $100+ a month or prepaid Verizon Smart phone for $80 a month and like $300 for the phone.

I upgraded from a flip phone back in February to this phone, going from talk only to talk & text.  Carrier = Verizon Wireless, 2 year contract; been with them for 16 years now.  I have no major issues with this phone, it does exactly what I need it to do.  The software itself it kind of quirky.  When I need to check my voicemail, entering my password is a chore, since a keypad doesn't pop up on the screen and I have to open the slider to use the keyboard.  A minor inconvenience at first, but now I'm a pro.  The touch screen is a bit quirky, sometimes I need to hit the 'button' a few times, but again, a minor inconvenience.  It's better than being too sensitive.  No battery issues.  No overheating issues.DD had a MetroPCS prepaid (Samsung phone w/slide out keyboard) that just wasn't working out (horrible service, horrible phone), so we switched her over to the Verizon prepaid account, and she got this same phone as well.  She hasn't had any issues with the phone or the service.  She couldn't get service in her school; not that she needed it, but sometimes I'll need to text her and she wouldn't get the message until she left the building, which wasn't acceptable.Needless to say, we're both happy with the phone.

Wrost phone ever!!!! cheap Key pad needs to be larger and rised also hard to grip phone because its slippery..

It's my first touch screen so I'm not the expert but I love mine. The size and weight are excellent though I have to mention that even an easy drop pops it open and case and battery part company. Also battery life isn't great just good, but you can't have it all for the price of this "feature" phone. I think the touch screen is great with just the right sensitivity not to mistakenly press buttons but easily accessing what you want. The QWERTY is fairly small and close but manageable with practice. Not thrilled with the micro SD being under the back cover but it works. The sound on this cell is great can go loud on both calls and music. The camera... well it's not great but once again  "feature" it's got one. User interface is nicely laid out and has standard tools. The contact info I love with a save for everything but shoe size so on the go I have addresses and everything with me. I haven't used bluetooth. It's a cell small enough to slip in your pocket, able to make and receive clear calls, send texts, take pictures, play music and videos, browse the web, store info, and keep up with contacts and events. If you want something that costs more, go for it but it does what I need a cell phone to do with very few complaints.

Although I enjoyed using this cell phone and not having to have a data plan to use it, after a year and two months the touchscreen started to malfunction and now when I touch it it usually thinks I am touching something other that what I am actually pressing on. Sometimes it will register my touch correctly, but more often than not I am unable to click on what I want to, which makes the phone virtually useless. Verizon walked me through their only troubleshooting solution for the phone, which is a factory reset, but the phone's screen is still not functioning properly.I am quite disappointed since I still have another 10 months left on my contract and have to buy a used phone online to use until my contract runs out or purchase a new phone at full price (something I refuse to do). I have had good experiences with other LG electronics; however, after my experience with this device I will not be purchasing another LG phone again.

I was looking for a basic MP3 player and phone.  I currently own a Samsung Juke that I love.  I got the phone because of the memory capacity and touch screen for scrolling through songs.The touch screen misses half my finger presses and won't even get through the touch calibration function most of the time.  However, it always produces the click sound even when it ignores the finger press.  That leads one to believe that it worked, when it didn't.The Bluetooth only works when it feels like working.  It often just says it can't connect.  The same Bluetooth devices work flawlessly with my old phone.  The Bluetooth range is only about 2 to 3 feet when it does work.  Playing music through Bluetooth makes the music player lock up until the Bluetooth device is turned off.The music player stops whenever a call is received (normal for basic phones).  However it also stops when one turns on or off Bluetooth, or does anything else.  Leaving the music player screen immediately stops playback.  The music player does not remember even the last song that was playing, nor where it was playing in the song.  It doesn't pause the music when doing something else, it just cancels the entire music playlist.  There is no equalizer, and there are no settings for bass, treble, or balance.  The sound quality of music (through stereo headphones) is excellent.Call volume is good, but the sound is robotic, like it is using a low sample rate or dropping samples.The text messaging features seem to work OK, though I don't use them much.  The keyboard works well, though the keys are hard to read.  Since they have multiple functions, the lettering is small for the symbols and special functions.  I also discovered there is no way to enter a "W" in a phone number when using the keyboard.  I had to close the keyboard and press the touch screen while entering a phone number.The phone book insists on having a default number for each contact.  You can have it prompt for call versus text on pressing a contact, but not which phone number to call.  It is necessary to go through the address book to select a phone number.  The shortcuts always dial the default number!  The voice-mail contact only supports one number and is impossible to delete.Icons cannot be added or deleted on the second icon screen.  They can be moved around.  That is annoying if you don't want some of the features, like My Verizon that are easy to accidentally press.  Depending on your plan, one accidental touch can cost a few dollars for Internet access fees.One can add shortcut icons to a shortcut menu, or the initial desktop screen.  There are no additional icons provided for contacts except the default.  Pressing on a contact will either call the default number or bring up a choice of call, e-mail, or text.  There is no function to arrange or line up icons.The desktop animations are good, but there is a choice of only three.The menus are inconsistent about whether they have a back button or one has to use the disconnect call button to go back.  I found myself bouncing between the screen and the disconnect button.The phone is very slippery.  A case is absolutely necessary to avoid dropping the phone a lot.  The charging cord is rather short (4 feet).  USB functions work OK, but there is a long delay before the memory is detected on the computer unless you configure it through the menus.  The device starts in CD mode, then switches to either storage or modem.  The modem is basically useless since Verizon doesn't support that.The flash slot is inside the phone underneath the back cover.  The back cover must be removed to remove or install the flash.  If you plan to change the flash card frequently that could be a problem, especially having to use a case around the phone.  If you plan to leave the flash in all the time, then it is ideal.In summary, the features in the phone would be good for the price if they worked reliably and were well designed.  Unfortunately the features do not work well, and are not well designed.  Although there are a lot of features, they are each very limited.

Itd worked well when it was new.  After a year problems surfaced.  I would have to push the button 5 or 6 times before I could call anyone.  Buttons were not responding.  Was difficult to send text.  Buttons are too small for a normal perosn.  If a new text came in while you were 1/2 way through typing a text, it would wipe oue what you were working on.  Bluetooth would go in and out and wold not send to my car bluetooth..  But when I would turn off the car the blue tooth on the phone would beep, acting like it was already connected.  I would never know when the phone was connected to the car.  Each time it would be a surprise.  It would not connect but when I got a call it would connect to the car speaker.  Bad experiences with text messages with more than 2 pages.  Rubbing up to get the third page would complete change the screen to something else.  I was able to read the 2nd and 3rd page but could not access the 1st page.Hopefully LG will work out the bugs on this phone.  Verizon usually blames the problems on someone else instead of fixing the problem.  Bad customer service.

Bought to replace existing older phone. Was a fairly easy learning curve and the little key board comes in handy.

If you want a touch screen type phone, but not ready for a smart phone or just don't want a smart phone, this is for you. Functions properly and fairly easy to navigate. Love it!!!!! Would definitely buy again!!!

As a hearing-impaired person, I don't generally use telephones very much, preferring to rely on E-mail and instant messaging for long-distance communication, so I resisted getting a cellphone for years. Due to the need of family members who don't use their computers as much as I do to keep in touch with me, though, I was given this phone as an early Christmas present at Thanksgiving last month. I had wanted a smartphone, but the various prepaid plans were too expensive, so we settled on this one instead with the pay-by-the-minute plan (though I'm given to understand Walmart has a $10 per month data plan).I've been using this phone for a bit over three weeks now, mainly to check mail when I'm unable to get to a computer or to receive direct text messages, and I like it so far. It's TDD-compatible though I haven't yet tested this feature; cellphone-compatible TDD's are $200 or so. The slide-out QWERTY keyboard is a feature that I specifically wanted given that email/text is my main use of this instrument, and when opened changes the screen display from vertical to horizontal. It's sturdy and fairly easy to use though I had some difficulty at first learning how to use certain special keys (such as those needed to type in symbols). The screen is large, clear and sharp and the touch-screen capability works quite well. There are nice little extras such as a tip calculator, world clock, drawing pad, calendar and notepad included, and of course, the 2-megapixel camera, which won't replace my existing digicam but is fine for taking quick snapshots (I think of it as being like one of those old Kodak Instamatic cameras). The built-in memory is puny but can be upgraded to 16GB for less than $20 (or 32 or 64 GB for more) with any of several brands of Micro SD memory cards. The USB port allows you to recharge the phone (in my use so far, I find that the battery should be recharged - which takes 1 to 2 hours depending - every three or four days) or connect it to your computer to upload or download data. There are lots of extras available though they cost varying amounts per month, so you'll have to judge which ones are most useful to you. If you don't like the default red/black color schemes there are plenty of protective-case accessories on Amazon to change the color to something you like better,as well as protective screens for the display.Very nice phone overall!

Pros: Price is ok.  Phone works well, good call reception and sound.  When talking on phone, if you move it down to look at it, it brings up the screen automatically which is really cool.  Like having a slide out keyboard, makes texting really easy.  Cable provided so you can get software updates via your computer.  Fits nice in your hand and feels pretty sturdy.Cons: Keys on keyboard would be much easier to use is they were pillowed.  Web browsing is very clunky and difficult to use.  Applications are very limited and adding them is expensive.  I was really enjoying the webmail app until it "expired" after 30 days.  To get webmail app to work again, you have to pay $7.00 per month.  That's an $84 per year app.  It only provides a button to easily access your external email account.  That's an incredible amount of money for a button.Basically, this phone is a flip phone with a bigger screen.  If you are looking for a true smart phone this isn't it.  If you simply want a decent phone with a bigger screen for photos that works pretty well for calls and text, then this will work for you.  Overall, it is a pretty nice phone for the price but it would be nice if the webmail button had a one-time charge of $1.99 instead of $84/year (for a button!).Good luck and happy shopping!

I do love the phone but do not know all the features as it does not have feature instruction book.Seller was prompt & would buy from them again

i got this phone in november and by april it jus complety stopped working.... It never messed up and then i woke up one morning and the screen was black and it wouldnt come back on.... it had been working just fine when i had woke up and used it a couple hours later nothing. and now i cant replace it be its only a 3 month warrenty.... will not be using the company again

it works great and you need one if your looking for a good phone the does it all here you go

This is a gift for my niece for Christmas. I know that she will love it. Plus it is awesome cause it comes with a prepaid card!

this is basically just a phone phone. all the games it comes with, you can only play three times then you cant play them anymore. its kinda fat, so it wont fit in any wristlets if you have a case on it. and don't get it wet, or the keyboard crashes, and you cant use any of the buttons on that side.

This phone was good for what I used it for but there weren't a lot of functions on it.  I traded it for an iphone but this is a very sturdy phone and held up way better than the iphone has so far.

I was able to test this model phone prior to purchasing.  I did not think that I would be able to use a touch tone phone due to the fact that my hands shake so bad.  This phone is not as sensitive as a normal touch phone. I just hope it lasts for a long time.  The only problem I really have now is trying to use the keyboard due to the shaking. It just depends on how bad the shakiness is. I wasn't sure about purchasing after reading the reviews but it seems fine to me. It just took a long time to get it. That was the only downfall.

I didn't read the description closely and was unaware I purchased prepaid phone.  But I called Verizon and the rep did let me activate the phone immediately on an existing family plan.  Probably because they are already getting $200/mo from us.The phone is a first phone for a 13 year old.  Works fine for him.  I'm not crazy about the touch screen.  Definitely not like today's smart phones.  Key board is nice for texting.  Basic functions work fine.

I love love this phone!! This is my first touch screen, and I must say I am hooked.  The camera isn't the best, but that is about the only complaint I have.  It is great for texting..and I love the conversation bubbles.

There seems to be a common theme lately. I bought the phone back in February in new condition, but when I tried to activate it, it was already activated under another Verizon account (Surprise!). The Verizon rep I talked to even did some investigating to see if she'd still be able to, but I guess she couldn't do anything unless she had authorization from the owner of the account. I'm not sure if I'm mad at the seller or Amazon considering Amazon is the one that fulfilled the order with a product that was not as listed.I just wanted to upgrade from my current phone that is working perfectly fine. There is a reason why there is the phrase &#34;If it's not broken, don't fix it&#34;.As a side note, if you have fingers that are not super tiny, don't buy the phone either (even if you get one that has yet to be activated). The icons are so small on the touch screen that it's difficult to operate unless you have super tiny fingers or fingernails.

I bought this phone to use it for talk & text only.I found the sound and touch quality pretty poor; but this I would let off since it was a cheap buy. What brings me to the 1 star rating is that now a few months after purchasing the screen won&#8217;t shift when I flip the phone to use to keyboard.

If you are looking for a good basic phone and don't need bluetooth, then this phone has a lot to offer.  However, I absolutely need to pair this phone with my 2008 prius bluetooth, and for the 1 1/2 weeks I've owned it it has been extremely unreliable, sometimes staying connected for a couple of days and sometimes refusing to connect at all.  Unfortunately, this is a deal-breaker and I'll have to return it.  I've had 2 other basic phones that have had absolutely no problems staying connected to the bluetooth (another LG an a motorola) so not sure what the heck is so off with this phone.  :(

This phone was smaller than the actual product. When you actually look at the pictures its not as big as I thought. It's as big as an mp3 player and it was easy for me to loose.

i got what i was looking for and on time like i was expecting and like i was need it

I bought this phone  for my daughter. She tried to change the security code it locked up now we cant unlock it. Does anyone know how to unlock it.?????????

I purchased the Verizon-branded Extravert to replace my old Samsung flipphone from Alltel. Right away one can see the advantage in the Extravert's platform versus my flipper. The slide-out keyboard speeds texting enormously. The Extravert's larger touchscreen makes viewing texts and pictures easier, and the touchscreen is faster for dialing versus having to flip open my Samsung.The phone has many options for personalization, including loading ringtones (including homemade via the micro-SD card or use the enclosed USB cable), pictures and the many internal personalization settings. Call quality seems very good in my area (mountainous with spotty coverage, mostly). Setup was easy thanks to Verizon's activation scheme. You simply call a number provided which will give Verizon the MEID number, pick a plan and whether you want to keep your old cell number or get a new one, and Verizon does the rest.The major downside is one that I didn't find so detrimental given the other reviews I've seen regarding this phone. The touchscreen does take a bit of getting used to but is quick and those with smaller fingers would find it quite easy to use. When selecting various options on the screen or to scroll, you must press more firmly than on more-expensive phones. The irritating thing about this is that you will often select an option you did not intend to use. Scrolling numbers can also be irritating as you will probably select a number you did not want when in fact you intended to scroll upward or downward. I've learned to live with this as I generally like the phone. The phone is a bit slippery, but manageable. The phone becomes MUCH more manageable if you also order one of the many rubberized cases on Amazon. The overall build quality seems very good. The phone menu is fairly straightforward. Placing calls and messaging are easy enough. I was surprised at how quickly web pages load in my area considering the speed of the phone. The phone uses the Opera browser.Screen resolution can be fairly mediocre. Pictures tend to have a "blocky", pixelated appearance. Images taken with the 2mp camera fare a little better. Viewing webpages is easy enough, especially when you've been used to small flipphone screens.Overall, I like the phone very much! It's a good transition between a standard phone and a full-blown smartphone. I purchased the phone through Amazon- GREAT price and fast shipping. I plan on using this phone at least until I take the smartphone plunge.

This is a great phone and we enjoy all the uses and features on it eady to use the touch screen works great

This is a good simple phone, this phone has nothing really fancy on it, but it appears to be good and strong.

This phone works great for me, I was so concerned about people saying the touch screen is slow etc, Granted, very occasional its has me do the scroll up again for unlocking it - but mainly cause of my fear of being to hard on the screen, but it really does work great once. I had no problem setting it up with my current prepaid subscription for ( 35$ 500mins, unlimited text and web - regular phone only plan needed).The only thing I do wish is that they had reduced plans 10-15dollars for half the minutes with the same texting & web features. But thats with verizon and not the seller.TY love it :)

Works great what I expected all along thank you. I enjoy it because I finally have a touchscreen of my own now

OK, why would I log onto Amazon to write a review for something I got at the Verizon store? This phone is so frustrating to use and everything is counterintuitive.  I want to skip it across the pond but I am stuck with it for the next 18 months. It is painful. Try answering a text. Try answering a Call. This phone was designed to be so bad that you will wish you had a data plan and a smart phone. Hey . . . now I get it. We own 3 of them and there is no way out of the contract. You have been warned. &#9774;

This fone came ready to go. Everything worked. it is easy to use and not intrusive.Voice quality is good. Camera is snapshot only.

works very well as prepaid for my 10 year old, and he seems to be very happy with it. great features for the price.

just had this phone for over a week now, and I love it. it's an upgrade for my other prepaid phone w/Verizon (flip style). Activation was a breeze. Kept my phone # and the balance was transfer over to the new phone.  If you do not want a smart one, this semi-smart is great for the price I paid and it includes $10.00 of airtime.

This is a great easy to use phone for anyone not needing an expensive need to have quick web browsing android. If a ll you need is a great sounding, never drops acall, reliable, good battery life,Grab this little phone. I love it. Also the pictures it takes are not bad for what the camera is either. I teach school and I take alot of pictures during the day of the kids and it works great.. I'm happy with the video and the picture quailty. So if an Andriod is not what you needthen by all means grab this phone. For what you are paying it is well worth it.

ive have had lots of phones but i love this lg the best. the con of it and the only con is you cant really hear people unless you have some type of headset in your ears. but other then that it is extremly thee best phone i have ever truely have. ive only have had it for bout a week but love it

I bought this phone for my daughter and she really loves it.  She's had it for 2 weeks now and so far no problems.

Had one for about a year, then started having problems charging it, so got a new one.The new one lasted less than a month before having the exact same problems.

I really liked this phone but when I went to the Verizon store to have it activated, the man there checked it and said it was already active on another account.  Obviously, when the manufacturer &#34;refurbished&#34; it, they didn't clear it for use.  I am very unhappy because I had to return it.  I'm afraid to order another one!

Pros:-Call quality is not bad.-Touchscreen works as well as I expect for a $50 phoneCons:-Extra letters. When I try to type a text using the keyboard, this phone enters extra letters. So if I write, "I'll be home at seven," It comes out "I'llll be homee aaattttt sssevenn." Same thing happens with the Symbol key, so if I'm typing and want to add an apostrophe, I have to be careful that the phone didn't accidentally go into Symbol Lock mode and turn my text into a garble of meaningless symbols. Every time I write a text, I have to spend a few minutes to go back and delete all of the extra letters so that people don't think I'm drunk.-Battery. The battery life is OK, but the indicator is just mind-blowingly bad. The meter at the top of the screen will bounce back and forth between one bar and two for a day or so, and then it will suddenly go down to zero battery bars. Once it's on zero bars, it beeps about every thirty seconds until it dies completely, which is about 2 minutes after it starts beeping. There is almost no warning other than the sudden, frantic alarm that means, "find an outlet immediately or the phone will die."-Software is kind of terrible, but whatever. If they fixed the first two things I'd be elated.If LG's strategy was to make a phone so bad that I would give up on buying cheap phones and finally buy a smartphone, then their plan worked almost flawlessly. Only problem is, I probably won't be getting another LG phone for a while.

I needed badly to replace my ancient phone, and did not and do not want a smart phone, but do want a phone that's easy to use with lots of options and especially larger numbers and buttons (I'm clumsy and near blind lol!)  Carefully browsed all the reviews here on Amazon and elsewhere, have always trusted the LG name for quality and picked the Extravert for a new phone.GOOD choice!  It's lived up to, actually exceeded, my expectations in every way!  And at a very affordable rate - with Prime it was here in just 2 days also!

Had to have a new phone for my son...and being I have the LG Extravert Prepaid Phone (Verizon Wireless) myself, I chose this phone for him as well.  He loves it! They have a new $35 dollar a month plan unlimited web, unlimited txt, and some talk time as well.

Id recommend this phone to anyone that needs a simple touch screen and not the huge price or a phone with waaay to many bells and whistles. Phone came new in package..love the color/size and its perfect for me.

The nice lady at the VZ store says this is NOT a smart phone.After spending a few hours porting my old number to the new phone, things worked out.  The web access is very slow as are text messages.  I find out I need to pay $7/mo for an email app.  It has a touch screen, but you can not pinch expand the display.  Only two sizes of lettering: small and smaller.However, the phone works well and the kbd is handy for text msgs.  All things considered, I probably should have contracted for a iphone or adroid phone with a two year contract.Customer support is 800 922 0204, and 800 256 4646.  The phone does not come w a manual, you need to download it from verizonwireless.com or from LG.com.  Made a special trip to the vz store where you signin w a guy and an ipad.  Had time to get coffee around the corner and come back to talk with the nice lady cited above.

My daughter is super happy with her phone, the best part is I bought it for $30 cheaper and free shipping, I love Amazon... Thanks so much... Witt the savings she also got a case and screen procectors...

I have never purchased a refurbished phone before.. I would do it again! I bought two of these and have not been a bit disappointed! Worked as well if not better than the other two I had purchased over the years that were brand new.  This is a great basic phone. It has good features and a larger screen than most basics have making it better for being on the web. And the slide out keyboard is a plus. These arrived in good timing as promised. No disappointment here.

Nice daughter loves it!  Replaced her pan tech pay as you go. She loves the keyboard of course and the extras.

I got this because I was tired of my Verizon plan going up. Switching to a prepay plan works better for my needs.  The phone works well & gets a good signal. The only complaint I have is the screen is fairly small and sometimes it makes it hard to use the touch screen feature. You can easily use the arrows though.  I like it and am so glad I didn't shell out several hundred dollars for a different phone when it's not what I need.

I ordered the phone by mistake,not knowing that Verizon even had a prepaid programjust my oversite...Thanks for the good buying experience.The return process was smooth and the credit of pointsand credit to my credit card acct. were timely and aspromised.......Thanks for the good buying experience....George Layne

I bought this for my teenage son and he likes the touchscreen and keypad.  The only negative is that it pocket dials out. Hopefully a cover will prevent that from happening in the future. All in all, it's a nice phone.

Upgraded old Samsung flip phone for Verizon prepaid plan.  Verizon offered limited choices for phone upgrades, and made it difficult to explore any of them.  Amazon offered all the choices Verizon did, along with others like the Extravert that Verizon did not offer either in store or on-line.  After researching and comparing, selected the Extravert from Amazon.  This turns out to be an &#34;almost smart&#34; phone that is far superior to all the other prepaid equipment options.  The Amazon price was much less than the cost of all the Verizon options, and turned out even better than expected.  To my surprise, when I uplinked the phone to my Verizon account, the phone also delivered a $10 credit to my account -- reducing its costs by that amount.  Overall, this is a wonderful touch screen phone that delivers excellent performance and fantastic value and makes one forget about upgrading to a &#34;fully smart phone&#34;.

this phone is by far the best i've ever had. i love the touch screen and it was ordered the exact date it was estimated. thank you amazon:)

It's not bad but the touch isn't as good as the sprint version (or boost mobile) and you can't read everything on the memory card,unless you put it in the right folders. The upside is that the music player holds an unlimited amount of songs if their in the music folder

on my 4th phone from verizon the touch screen doesnt react when i touch the top of the screen which make it usless

The LG Extravert is the perfect phone for those of us that want a smartphone but can't justify the expense of a data package.  I live in an area where the only two providers that have any signal are Verizon and US Cellular.  When I moved out of USC service area, I had to get a Verizon phone because only Verizon would work back home and where I currently lived, going to school.  Verizon Share Everything plans are kind of expensive for someone who just wants one phone.  Comparatively, however, their prepaid plans are quite reasonable.This phone is my primary phone.  It has many pros.  These include:Sturdy construction-I have dropped mine many time with no problems.Good alarm clockEasy to useGood keyboardTouch screen makes the phone much more interactiveAble to do some minor personalization-including how texting is formatted (threaded vs non threaded), and different choices for screen layoutGood sound quality and speaker phone qualityVerizon reliable network-you pretty much always have signal no matter how far out in the middle of nowhere you are.Cons:Touchscreen is not as responsive as my Kindle Fire or friends' smartphones.  As there is a physical keyboard this isn't a big deal to meKeyboard may be a bit cramped for people with larger hands.  Although my fiance has this phone and doesn't seem to have much problems.Overall, a very good almost smartphone for those of us that want to save a little money but don't want to completely miss out.

I can see why this phone is discounted.  If it was full price, I would be very unhappy with its performance.....certainly not a phone I'd pay hundreds for......but for under $40 I cant complain too much.  It just seems to freeze up a lot and get stuck doing normal everyday operations like checking texts.  We have 3 (Dad, Mom, Son)...and all 3 seem to freeze up the same way, and they were even purchased from different sellers at different times.  It has a nice look and display, but don't be fooled into expecting much from this phone.  We are all generally happy, as we upgraded from stone-aged phones...and the new shortcuts tend to make up for the freezing, for us.......but I would beware that anyone used to higher quality phones will be disappointed.  As I said, if we had paid the listed price for these phones, I would be very unhappy and we probably would have returned them......however for prepaid phones, this was actually a great deal.  I would just definitely advise to &#34;buy low&#34;  on this phone, and wait for the sale price to be right, because your satisfaction with this phone will definitely depend heavily on the price you paid for it.

I ALMOST DIDNT BUY THIS PHONE BECAUSE I READ A FEW BAD REVIEWS...BUT... I DID BUY IT AND  I LOVE IT.........I DIDNT HAVE TO PAY ANY ACTIVATION FEE..THAT SAVED $35.00 AND IT WAS VERY EASY TO SET UP... AND THE ABILITY TO BUY PREPAID MINUTES AND HAVE NO BIG CELLPHONE BILL IS THE BEST PART... I CAN USE THE INTERNET, TEXT OR CALL.. GREAT PHONE..I AM ON THE PREPAID PLAN WHERE I ONLY PAY FOR THE MINUTES I USE.  I BUY $30.00 WORTH OF MINUTES EVERY THREE MONTHS AND THEY ACCUMULATE. AND I CAN USE THE INTERNET UNLIMITED FOR ONLY .99 A DAY ON THE DAYS I WANT TO USE IT.

I don't use my cell phone constantly and wanted the features for traveling as well as a phone for the car.  It fit the bill for a pre-paid phone plan.

I like the phone. Pretty good speaker. I have bad hearing, but this phone is pretty clear.Has good features, but the internet is kinda slow. I don't use my phone for that, exceptmaybe if I'm not home and need to go on line. I do check my mail and text with it, and it'sgood at that. Has good camera. The one thing that everyone says, is true, it eats battery life!!So have an extra one.

I'm really liking this phone.  I love that it's a touch screen along with the physical keyboard that slides out.  Like some other reviews I read, the touch screen isn't perfect and is sometimes slow to react to your touch or too sensitive/touchy when trying to scroll by touch.  I'll slide out the keyboard and use the arrow keys to navigate if needed.  I had no trouble getting my contact list moved over and I'm using the $50/month unlimited talk, text, and mobile pre-pay plan.  I'm quite pleased.  I can do just about everything I want on a cool looking phone without paying for data.  I'm glad I chose this LG Extravert over the LG Octane I was also considering.  I like having the larger screen on the front without a keypad taking up space.

I like the phone overall, but to be honest it's touch screen is either too sensitive or sticky. Other than that it has been good.

Turned out to be a dud phone. Not the sellers fault though, so I still highly recommend!!! It worked for about a month, if that. But, even then it was giving me problems. First Extrovert to ever do that.

I have had my Extravert for almost three months now and have already had numerous problems which I have decided to take the time today to write about, as to assist someone else with making their decision.  First off I will start with my first impressions with the phone.  I am 42 and this is my first 'complicated' phone.  Before this phone I have always had the basic flip style with no fancy features such as internet.  I found this phone easy to learn how to use and within three days I was even using the internet on it just because the feature was there, the unlimited internet was already included in my pre-paid plan and I thought that I would prove my kids wrong by my not being "too old to learn the new technology."  HA HA.  The first month my camera stopped working.  I did everything to fix it, believe me!  I searched the internet, downloaded some software from LG which I downloaded to my phone via a transfer USB Cable and I even eventually called LG about the problem.  The problem was that each time I tried to access my camera, it would not load and my phone would say "camera load error" (or something like that).  It turns out that the problem is very common and caused by a variety of different things from dropping the phone to moisture damage and really it could have been caused from just about anything.  LG is very aware of the problem and the only thing that they would do was to have me to mail my phone to them at "my expense" (since it is still covered under 100% warranty) and then they would fix it and mail it back to me.  'But', if they found the problem to be from anything that they considered to be human error they would not fix the phone until I paid for their hourly wage to fix it plus the parts.  Okay, I paid $75.00 for the phone, so the possibility of paying probably around $150.00 (my husband used to fix electronics and that is generally what it cost for something like my phone) just made no sense so I did not send it to them.  As for what made the camera go out, I am not sure but I had been taking cell phone photos outside with my daughter and it was snowing, so there is a chance that it could have been moisture damage?  By the way, the fix for the problem is an update to the software that ONLY LG can repair!  It is not part of the software that they make available to the public on their website.  So this is a problem that they know about, even say that it is extremely common but still charge to fix it and do not include it in their 100% warranty.  Nice.  :)  ....A bit of sarcasm there.  So now I am using my still new phone with no working camera and a few weeks ago my MP3 Player went out.  I had a Microsoft Zune and now Microsoft does not make them anymore or service them, so I had to junk it and now my phone must be used as my MP3 Player because it seems that no company is making MP3 Players anymore, at least none that hold anything more than around 10 gig and I had an 80 gig Zune.  So what I did was I found out that this model of phone can hold a micro card of 32 gig maximum, so I purchased a 32 gig card.  My next adventure was finding out through trial and error that this phone will not support anymore than 9.18 gig of music REGARDLESS OF THE MEMORY CARD SIZE!  What will happen if you load more than 9.18 gig onto the card is that when you try to load it, the phone will turn itself off and it will not load the music, ever!  Again, I had an adventure trying to fix this problem and eventually I found that it is just the way that the phone is made and there is nothing that I can do about it.  So if you purchase this phone with the intent of using the MP3 function, this is very important information to know.  I will also add that I do have full length movies also on my memory card and so far my phone has no problem loading or playing those.  I used a conversion program to convert my full length DVD's into an MP4 Format made specifically in size for an LG Phone.  I also have about 8 gigs of movies on my phone right now in addition to the 9.18 gigs of music and there are so far no problems with that.  Now for the other things that you should know about the MP3 Function.  The music cuts out frequently, it is almost like a regular cut out that happens every few minutes and lasts about one full second.  I say "almost" because I have not timed the cut out's but I would guess them to be regular and happen about once every five minutes or so.  Again I could not find a fix for this.  It sounds weird but updating my roaming capabilities on the phone seemed to help it for a short period of time but that does not always work, so if anyone ever finds the fix then perhaps you could please be sweet and let me know?  My research turned up nothing and this problem is frustrating.  Other than the above problems I have not had any other issues with the phone.  The touch screen is not very sensitive and sometimes I have to touch it several times for it to recognize that I touched it but I am okay with that, it is just a bit annoying.  I did drop the phone once recently (this was 'after' it had already had all of the above mentioned problems) and it did not fall apart or anything and it still worked just fine, so it seems to hold together decently well.  I have my own hard phone case on over the factory case, so nothing came off.  There is one more thing that I would like to add and that is that these problems that I have mentioned are not just isolated to my personal phone.  When I purchased my phone I purchased another identical one for my husband as well.  As soon as his came he hated it, he said that he didn't like the touch screen (his fingers are very large for the phone) and he wanted a different phone, so I kept his as a back up.  So far his camera function is still working so whenever I get around to it I intend to switch phones but I did try out the memory card in his phone and his has the identical MP3 problems that mine has.  So I just wanted to let you all know that it is not just my phone.  I hope that this information can help someone out.  I am not sorry that I purchased this phone because for the $65.00 that I paid for a no contract phone I feel that it was fair.  The calls have good sound, the volume is high, the speaker phone works well and the internet works well also.  But knowing now what I do, my next phone purchase is going to have a better MP3 function and also a better camera.

I don't use the phone much but i'm happy with this one. It's not an iPhone but it works for me.
