
The phone is excellently designed and I love the Sense UI.It is slim and light and perfectly equipped as a top notch phone.The problem is the battery... I have to charge it twice to go through the day. That is while I keep Bluetooth and GPS off 95%+ of the day. It renders almost useless to me.Next time I am buying a phone that does not drink the juice so quickly.Update:Today ONE YEAR AND FIVE MONTHS after purchase the phone just died without any notice. With its design there is not much to be done other than go to a technician. Horrible decision to have bought this.

I gave this punctuation because it meets all my expectationslike this phone, it is fast and elegant. The only thing is you would add more RAM

it's one of the best phones I have ever used I would like to say it's perfect but there only one bad thing about which is the battery life is very short.for me I see it better than samsung sIII more elegant .

This was a very good deal. It is in a perfect condition. It has so many likable feathers on it that makes it admirable.

deception, buy a htc one x 32 gb NEW and they sent me a used one with the split screen works and all but not what I bid. I contact the seller and not to solve or propose solutions.

All good, excellent I come a long before the date, recommend it widely

The HTC One X is my first smartphone so i don't know how it fares against other phones, but so far it surpassed my expectations. The phone is very fast, the colors are top notch, and touch screen is great and responsive (for someone who never used one before). My only complaint about this phone is the battery life as it appears that i need to charge it more than once a day if i'm to use the phone heavily.Now for the seller.If you have done your research you will notice that there are many versions of this phone. Other vendors are selling the HTC One X much cheaper but you wont get the same phone (weaker cpu, less storage). This phone has all the advertised features, and it has the HTC label, not AT&T.; This is not the international version as the language settings indicates its made to be used in Spanish speaking countries. (It's set on English but the default language is Spanish).The phone came with a charger/USB cable and headphones. The USB cable is a bit short but i can live with that.My only concern though is how the phone was shipped. The phone and the other accessories were backed in a foam box and it was put inside a bubble bag (not a cardboard box). Didnt look safe to me. The foam box (original HTC packing) appeared to be beat up and it gave me the impression that it was used. I checked the phone for possible signs of being a used but i didnt find any. It didn't have a single scratch on it. Luckily the phone arrived in an excellent conditions bu the seller could have packed it more properly.

Is amaizing product it has everything that it need I like it  the screen is very friendly with the user

After 5 months the phone suddenly started having major issues, with the graphics. I don't understand why, it was just random.

I bought this for my friend. This is a great cellphone, and the price is pretty low.  It just took me 3days to get this phone,that was awesome.

Buy this phone in TAILWIND INTERNATIONAL  for use in Caracas Venezuela, why buy it unlocked without warranty because I can not apply here, and the phone does not work, it's a scam. It has a corrupted software that does not allow me to update and use the features of the phone, not the original. It was unlocked in USA with software that is not correct or appropriate to prevent the phone and use the phone. The phone was rebuilt is not original or no original parts. I feel rip off and I am regular customer of amazon. Please take action against this, they can not allow these misleading offers. I demand to be reimbursed me my money or send me one phone in good condition.

High quality build, attractive design, easy to locate and use buttons/features. The HTC One is a very nice phone. I'm surprised it doesn't seem to get the attention that the Samsung Galaxy receives.

The phone is blasting fast, the system updates have been really good so far, one can really watch full HD movies in it and the main reason why i bought this phone (the camera) just works over 9,000 XD it shoots pictures right when you press the button and they are sick beautiful and clear - I have compare it with the iPhone 5, and its left behind by way far quality pictures :PWe might only complain (as everyone else does) about the non-removable battery and i use it 90% of the time in &#34;Power saver&#34; mode but that should be expected since it has to feed all that hardware.

The phone met my expectations, perhaps is still a little bit on the expensive side given the fact that there is already a One X+, but still a great purchase!

This a very, very, very good phone! The screen is amazing. The phone came with Android 4.0 but HTC delivered the Android Jelly Bean (4.1.1) version, downloadable via WiFi (~400MB).As it is a 4.7-inch screen phone, even for me that have a big hand, some times it is difficult to use it with only one hand.The camera is very good (some times better than my Sony Cybershot still camera). The pictures I took with low levels of light (using the flash) are with a little ton of yellow.One of the problem of this phone is the low battery capacity (low, for the hardware!). After the actualization to Android 4.1.1 the duration was increased considerably, but if you use WiFi or 3G data connection, be prepared to charge it everyday (or even twice a day). In this link:[...], the guy put a 2100mAh battery on it (this battery was from the HTC One X+). Due to that, i keep an start for me :)The HTC Sense (updates to version 4+) do not feels heavy.I came from a rooted Android phone with a custom ROM. Until now, I did not feel the necessity to change the HTC stock ROM.UPDATE: Yesterday (09/23/2013) I update the Android and Sense interface. Now I have Android 4.2.2 and Sense 5.0.

This is a great phone,it got every thing you looking for in a smart phone.Great speed ,it fits just rigth in your hand ,it is not a tablet looking phone ,great amount of memory etc.HTC keep making the greatest phones on the market &iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;&iexcl;

If you have T-Mobile you must buy a sim card with the code 50.01 it's a older card being that the phone is a European version the newer edition sim cards will give you an error Nothing is wrong with the phone but without the right sim the internet will not let you enter the APN settings not even HTC is aware of this I found that others had the same issue

Really good product i love it.The phone works perfect i really love tchnology so i allways look for the best in this case i was planning to buy the S3 but y chose the ONE X and i really love it i think is the best phone in the market.

Everything comes like the description, im using it on Mexico and it works perfect with Telcel just hat to cut the Chip

As another reviewer stated, make sure you get what you pay for. The international/unlocked version is a quad-core device with 32GB storage (shared between O/S and user).In Canada, Fido/Rogers is the EXACT SAME as AT&T;, and I'm getting blazing speeds (HSPDA 21+), so if you're not getting the proper data speeds, check that you have entered the correct APN settings (don't trust your sim card). No, it's not an LTE device (hence the price), but it's still incredibly fast.Also, the S720e international version (with CID HTC__044) DOES NOT support official HTC Sense/Jelly Bean. Yes, HTCDev will help you unlock the boot loader so you can flash custom recovery and custom ROMs; but if you want Stock Sense/Jelly Bean (4.1.x), you'll have to be patient (SlimBean is available, but it's Sense-free) until the dev's over @ XDA get things sorted out.As for comparing this to the Galaxy S3 -- unless you buy the I9300 (which is the QUAD CORE version), you will get an inferior device, and pay as much as $150 more. the i747 is a DUAL-CORE device, folks. No comparison. A great alternative, but no comparison whatsoever.And as for the lack of [micro] SD card support: NO, IT'S NOT an "engineering oversight" as another reviewer stated. It's a result of how the newer version(s) of Android 4.x handle file system sharing. You'll notice that when the device is connected via USB and storage is mounted, that both you and the device can write to storage at the same time. This was not possible prior to Android 4.xUPDATE regarding battery life: I charged my phone fully yesterday around 5pm. it's now 1:50pm (Nov 3) and my phone JUST shut itself off. So, with average use, I got around 20 hrs (ROM=ViperX 2.71). INCREDIBLE!BOTTOM LINE: This isn't my first HTC device (the "Magic" was my first HTC *and* my first Android); and it will certainly not be my last. Do yourself a favour: buy one, and watch others cry (especially eye-phone fan-boys).

Its a nice phone to have i love the big screen on it and the camera take amazing pictures.The only problem I have is the battery drains kinda fast.

I JUST LOVE THE PHONE, EVERYTHING ABOUT IT IS COOL BETTER THEN THE IPHONE 5 MAYBE BUT HELL YEAH BETTER THEN IPHONE 4S

It's perfect, it has very useful functions served outside the United States, the camera is great. The store is very responsible with fresh and friendly when answering any questions on the phone and sending. I recommend it 100%. excellent service.

the phone works perfectly, although you must charge it the first time. all the buttons work, and it comes with everything that is described.

The Product was ok, has a black dot in the screen, but wasn't a big deal, the phone was awesome.14 days later, my screen started to make really strange things when my phone got a little hotter than usual, now it doesn't turn on the screen no matter what I do.I knew the risks of buying the international product (no warranty) but I didn't tought I was going to spend 600 dollars for 14 days of life on this phone. I don't recommend buying this product unless you buy it with warranty.

The product wasn't 32GB as dexcribed , it was 16GB. That was the only disappointment , but the time of delivery was on pont and t the phone works preety well as expected .

Beautiful device, but doesn't work with T-Mobile US. I'm using a prepaid account, and I couldn't get a data signal. I could make calls and send SMSes, but not even get Edge (2.5G) because T-Mobile operates on the 1700Mhz band. Brought it into the store and the guy took one look and said, oh the HTC One X? This is the only device that doesn't seem to work with T-Mobile. What a shame.The device I received was also an unlocked T-Mobile Germany device, just fyi. Had to return it because of T-Mobile, wish I didn't have to.

I not only have the HTC One X, But I also Have the HTC One S.  I got this cell phone on the Solavei network, and it works perfectly.  I find the camera and video functions to be nothing short of amazing.  You would be hard pressed to get this phone out of my hand.  Jim Kavallines [...]

This is a great device... it's light weight & thin, even if it's having a bigger display.I loved the body shape... it fits nicely in my hands.I espacially liked the camera and it's colors. It's great for outdoor and indoor photos in daylight. Not that good for outdoor at night, but it's just as expected from a Phone!The operational speed is too good. I never felt like I am working on a smaller device; the response is as good as a i5 laptop.I received Jelly Beans update on my phone recently, and the performance just improved.I have been using HTC devices since 10 years, and I have been never disappointed. This device has proved my confidence in HTC.

Im waiting on my third replacement.First Phone: had a tiny bubble inside the glass and the headphone jack made a loud hissing noise the lower I set the volume.Second Phone: had a small pink particle, almost looks like gel or silicone between the screen and the glass. I think this one skipped quality control or something because it is easily noticeable in the screen when white and light colors are displayed. It also had the yellow banding on the lower left of the display.Overall: The phone and the software themselves are amazing. HTC Sense 4.0 is really fluid and in my opinion is a slight improvement over the stock Android 4.0 UI. Other than the defect the screen us gorgeous and the camera is impressive as well. The design and build are world class, it's very elegant.Two stars for the trouble of getting a defective screen twice, five for the phone when it's not defective.

The cell phone is a clone. It is a hoax. I have all the evidence. Amazon does not accept any of them. I feel robbed. See: [...]Before i write this:The first impression was not good at unpacking, the box was dirty it looked shoddy. At power came in Chinese or some other Asian language. I could finally change to Spanish.  After unpacking, my first impression improved, the phone is really niceSome problems encountered:- Location (gps and play store) are in Chinese. It doesn't work  in Colombia.- The camera takes pictures of only 5 MP. at night the pictures appear dark.Achievement not yet take full advantage  of this great phone.  I'll start with the installation of your new rom

I love this phone, and it was just what I wanted. An Original HTC One X, this is a great phones

I have AT&T; in North America. I used the micro-SIM card from my old iPhone 4 (the HTC does not come with a SIM) and had no problems placing or receiving calls immediately. I did have problems getting my data plan and voicemail switched over from an iPhone plan to a smartphone plan, mainly because it was not an AT&T; phone/IMEI. After some tech support time, AT&T; was able to get everything working.If you're buying this phone, be aware that it will NOT work on AT&T;'s 4G LTE network..but it does work great on 3G! If you use most of your data via WiFi this shouldn't be an issue.

I love this phone, is gorgeous. Amazing screen. Full HD video. Pictures are average for a 8mps phone. Battery is the only con. It will last less than a day if you use it constantly. Great capacity. Very fast to start and process applications. Good volume. Had this one with an IPhone 4S for a week and HTC is far better in most aspects. Get a screen protector since does not come with one. WiFi antenna is strong. Best overall smartphone on the market as today.

it is great beyond your imagination. while the battety is so short, that you need to take a battery tank. can not support one day.

Beautiful, functional and completely awesome. Excellent device with all the current capabilities and functionalities you would want in a Smartphone. Just be sure to get a case when you're buying the phone... not only to provide protection from possible bumps and scrapes, but also to help keep the device clean (Especially if you bought the 'WHITE' Model).

In the smartphones category I've had and used extensively an iPhone 3G, iPhone 4, Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc (wonderful phone) and now this one. This is the best machine out there. Period. Beautiful and sturdy, blazingly fast (UI and data connections).The OS (Android OS 4, Ice Cream Sandwich) is fully grown and a joy to use. With the Xperia Arc (OS 2.3) I could still have considered going back to iOS but that's no longer the case (and seeing what they have announced for iOS 6, there's no compelling reason to do so).I heartily recommend it.

so the phone is amazing just look at youtube reviews and what not but the review here is for this phone that the seller is selling it is a phone from asia that has english in it so i have asia software 1.29.707.11 which all is awesome and dont really notice except for when i wanted to add a location to my google calender default is asia when i click on the weather it has a few places already up that are in asia but good thing the main one is current location so far in the one week ive owned this its the only problems ive had it truly is unlocked can use with any gsm carrier although ive heard some people having issues with tmobile and something about the signal hrz they use in some places. i will be returning for me this is kinda annoying because when it comes to other updates things may go crazy. and my carrier sells a tegra 3 4g version some how. i will look at the hardware specs before doing so since i finally found where that is. couldn't find it before so i went with this one.

The screen stopped working the phone is on, makes sounds, acts like it is on but the screen is dead. Can't see anything. Was fine up until this point but a 6 month old phone should not have this kind of problem. To start with the display would go on and off then it just quit altogether. Buy something else.

Great device. Great gadgets. The cameras are awesome. Way much better than the iPhone.The reason why I dont rate it 5 stars is cause i was told it came with the beats audio headphones and it didnt.

This is a really slim and compact phone, its not only good looking but pretty fast and the camera has an amazing resolution

This is the best smartphone I've ever owned what more can I ask for from HTC they really knocked it out of the park

Great Phone. Works great. Has its own downside with the battery... but hell!! thats the probelm with most of the every other mobile phone we have and hence 4 stars.Thanks to the Seller. Its because of standard/qquality sellers like you guys we believe in amazon.com. Thank you.

Excelente tel&eacute;fono, super r&aacute;pido, el sistema operativo Android con el que viene este tel&eacute;fono 4.0.4 es una maravilla todo un mundo de aplicaciones &uacute;tiles! y tambien para el entretenimiento.

One of the best phones on the market. Enough said!! =)Is an excellent device, awesome camera &lt;3, awesome functionality &lt;3 , i love the size &lt;3I wish HTC put a higher capacity battery in there... my battery doesn't last long as it is connected to the internet all day.

Highly rated phone, and I totally agree.Was initially disappointed with this particular version (international) at first because I didn't find out til after purchase that there were compatibility issues with American SIMs (No data without Wifi and no MMS). Further research led me to believe that this issue could not be resolved, but I loved the phone so much that I decided that it was a minor inconvenience.THEN, after the latest software update this morning, the phone is suddenly FULLY COMPATIBLE and I am FULLY SATISFIED.

>>BUYERS BE WARE, there are many versions of this phone, the US at&t; version is a 16 GB version, people unlock it via an unlock code and sell it as an unlocked international version, the international one has 32 GB & comes without the at&t; logo on the front. You have to ask the seller BEFORE you buy if the phone has the at&t; logo or not, this is the only way to know from the outside if it is the 16 GB or the 32 GB, you won't probably have this problem if you buy directly through Amazon, but some other re-sellers don't know the difference, or hope that YOU don't!&lt;&lt;----Original review----I used so many brands and models of phones and smartphones than I can remember, and this one here, except for the memory card thing, covers every hole that was in every other phone I used. It also covers any thing u may have thought of having in a phone, and it is doing that in style! I tried the Samsung Galaxy S3 at at&t; before choosing the One x, and it really isn't better. I mean it is just about personal preferences, I always feel Samsung phones ( not all Samsung products, I love their TVs for example)have a cheap felling. Besides I liked how the One X looked more than the S3.Pros:-Amazing screen, and I am coming from a Motorola Droid Razr which has a very good screen itself. The screen here is sharper, colors are better, no shadows(Razr had a green shadow on all colors. Watching Youtube or any vids on this phone is a thing I long for throughout the day!-Battery life is good enough for a full day with moderate use. Of course a lot of movie watching, game playing or hours long web surfing require a twice charging. Battery isn't impressive, but not bad.-The 8 MP Camera deserves all the fuzz it received when first introduced, its pictures are steady, colors are vivid and quality is really high!-Speed: The phone handles multitasking very well, games and videos are a breathe nothing you should worry about here.Cons:The only thing I didn't like about this phone, which is why I would say it is more like 4.5 stars not 5, is the lack of a memory card slot. I mean, seriously? it has a 2 year free subscription for extra storage online and everything, but whyyy?? How hard was it to add an extra slot for a memory card? An engineer's mistake without any doubt.Bottom line, if you want an Android phone go for the One X or the S3, can't make up your mind, try them both and just pick any of them you will end up with a winner either way!-----UPDATE------So I was tempted to get the S3 since I have a month to exchange the phone with at&t; and I wanted to know how better was the S3. I got the blue S3 and I certainly loved it, it doesn't feel cheap in hand as I expected, but it feels rather classy and here are my thoughts in comparison, I hope this experience may help other people decide:- The S3 overall look is really slick, it is ofcourse all about personal preferences as I said before, but sometime I wished that the One X looked more like the blue S3! the metal edges gave it some superiority no doubt about that, the blue finish was really good, but the white looks really cheap, don't think about it!- The Samsung motions( swipe to take a screen shot, raise the phone up to your ears with an open message to automatically dial the sender without pressing any keys & others) are really cool and are certainly a point above the OneX.- Sd card slot, as basic as it is , it is better than not having one!But that is it, these are the only things where the S3 bests the OneX- The Svoice(Smamsung reply to iPhone's Siri) Is totally useless, and certainly needs more development, a good idea that may get better in newer models, but not a plus for the S3, not to mention it consumes more battery when turned on.- The screen is different than the one X, I can't totally explain it, not the pixels density but mainly the colors. As I read online, it looks like Samsung forgot to calibrate its screens, so as good as they are, colors don't look natural. And you can't really feel it unless u spent some time with the OneX's gorgeous screen, colors aren't vibrant, a picture of a clear sea looks darker and less colorful on the S3 than the One X and though really good, the One X is considerably better.- The camera is good, but again the One X's camera is definitely better both outdoor & indoor, may be not by much but the difference is there.- Eye tracking: It was supposed to prevent the screen from sleeping when you are reading or surfing, well it doesn't do the job very well. In low light situations it is pretty much useless, since it depends on the front camera for eye tracking. In regular light it was ok, but again u had to hold to hold the phone in a certain way to make sure it "sees" your eye! I didn't find it that impressive..or useful!- Speed:same for both- Samsung's touchWiz vs htc Sense is an even battle I liked them both.- Battery: both are almost the same battery wise, though moderate to heavy use will definitely require a twice per day charging with both of them, you may be able to get enough juice till you get back home. Actually light use easily gets you through the day.Of course you can buy an extra battery with the S3 and swipe batteries cos the one X has a built in battery which the user can't replace on his own, but again you can buy a charging case for the oneX!Both have NFC which I didn't use in the ~ Two weeks period with each phone.-------Conclusion-------If you want a better screen and camera definitely go with the oneX, you will regret you didn't go with it when you see one in comparison with the S3!If you are a media fanatic who needs a lot of space, the the OneX isn't for u, the S3 is as good as a phone, even with a lower screen but with extra micro SD card slot. Also if you like to impress your friends, the little Samsung motions are certainly impressive and fun to use and the overall look may be a bit better.WHAT DID I DO?I missed how great the OneX screen was, I certainly missed how awesome HD vids looked on the screen, also I missed the slightly better camera, so I gladly paid the $35 restocking fee for at&t; and again returned back to the OneX, black this time since the white one caught stains fairly easily and had to be cleaned from time to time! I sold the at&t; over eBay and bought the unlocked international version with 32 GB built in memory, which was a bit more expensive but was definitely worth it!-----------UPDATE 2------------One thing people may need to consider is that if you are  using this phone in the US, you are NOT getting 4G internet nor even 3g! The phone was registered on at&t; as a 2G phone and it connects via the 2G US networks. Same goes to the international version of the Galaxy S3, The rep told me that the Samsung works only as a 2G phone as well on at&t;, though it is really fast overseas, cos it is obviously meant to work there. I have WiFi at home & at work so that was not a problem for me. My advice is if you want to use this phone or the S3 on at&t; you better buy the at&t; version WITH the at&t; logo, so you would be getting less storage(only 16GB) but quicker internet.

I gave it 2 stars because the phone is defective, it has a yellow spot on the bottom left part of the screen,  i also red another review of someone saying the same thing, the pnone also gets reaally hot and it does not respond that good i often have to restart the device for it to work well.I have had the phone for about a 45 days, the first month was good and after that started acting up.

Elegant, excellent screen size, very sober, is a high quality phone, perhaps its only drawback is the length of the battery but otherwise excellent.

i thought iphone (i never had one) was unreachable but after 3 months i can say:battery life: one day. Using it intensively, think in a re-charge during the day. In 2,5 hs it reaches full load (plugged to the wall).works perfectly with Argentine networks.it's like having a tablet.the screen size and touch is really awesome!(perhaps a little big to carry it everyday in your trousers' pocket)highly reccomended.

The specifications are reals and in perfect conditions. HTC Its the best cellphone brand in the world, My previuos phone was a Samsung S3.

I bought this phone because it was cheapit said it was going to be shipped from Japan and it would take a month and a half for it to get delivered to me, so during the wait I did my research and it's a international phone but in the description it says &#34;works in the US&#34; so I wasn't worried but when I finally got the phone it immediately starts acting up it doesn't make phone calls very well and when I do make a phone call it drops the call, I don't know about you but in my book that is a fail and false advertisementnow that's the only bad thing I can say about this phone because all the other features work very well, high quality picture and Fast Download, a overall good entertainment phone but if you're looking for a business phone this is not the one for you so stay clear from it.

It is a disappointment, it is that after two weeks of having obtained this phone for $ 500 the camera image turned green and now today put a stain on the screen in the bottom left and I have two months with the phone . They are a fraud and I lost my $ 500.Es una decepci&oacute;n, resulta que despu&eacute;s de dos semana de haber obtenido este tel&eacute;fono por 500$ la imagen de la c&aacute;mara se puso verde y ahora hoy se le puso una mancha en la pantalla en la parte inferior izquierda y no tengo dos meses con el tel&eacute;fono. Son un fraude y yo perd&iacute; mis 500$

This phone is exactly as described by the seller (black, 32GB memory, 4 cores, etc).Have been using it for one day with no problem, and I'm impressed by the performance and how easy is to do stuff. Definitely would recommend it to someone else.I live in Costa Rica, and it works perfectly with Kolbi 3G network (although I had to cut my SIM card to make it MicroSIM).

I moved from a Nokia E72 to this phone. I waited a long time for a worthy touch-screen phone, and this one seemed to be the one, no pun intended! I've had it now for two weeks and not only can I not put it down, it has become indispensable!The build quality is amazing, the screen is even more amazing, the call quality and loudness of the ear piece is the best I have ever experienced on any cell phone, and the camera quality is unbelievable for a cell phone! It seems to get signal in places where other phones don't get any at all. And it is fast!! I can't wait until HTC releases the Jelly Bean update for it... It's only going to get better!Money very well spent! I highly recommend this phone!And in case you're wondering why I bought this one, and not the LTE version (One XL), it's because not only is LTE not available here, the CDMA frequency that I require to get coverage is not available on the XL.

I love my HTC One X phone. It's true that I had to update the phone few times using the built-in update, but after the upgrade it works fantastically.

Don't listen to the size hype! Its like buying a wide screen TV and complaining that its too big! Internet browsing is just a joy with this phone!

I always do my research before buying any product. I considered this phone and the Samsung S3. After being a Samsung user for years, I decided to try something different HTC. My phone does have the Quad 4 processors and came from overseas unlocked. I know that Att sells only the dual processors. When I took it into a Samsung Galaxy S3 retailer, the sales guy asked me where I brought the phone. I proudly stated AMAZON in my opinion tge greatest retailer. He said my phone was faster than his and he had the new Galaxy S3.  The phone is greeat. U have no lag time and it can handle anything I throw at it. I don't use my phone for playing games so I can't review that section. I'm certain it can handle anything. If you are considering this phone vs IP5 or Samsung Galaxy S3. I recommend this phone. HTC has a well designed phone with built in WiFi hotspot. I have since gotten rid of my WiFi hotspot gadget. As long as its the Quad 4 version like mine. Make sure if your buying this phone the seller is sending a 32GB and not the 16GB. The 16GB does not have Quad processors. Lastly the best thing about being a Amazon Prime member you will never have issues with returns.UPDATE 02/21/13....  HTC just announced they will be introducing a new model  HTC One sometime soon.  I will be waiting for the release.  I hope it comes unlocked.  I noticed that on the website there are only three choices (Sprint, Verizon, TMobile). Im sure there will be a unlocked version.  If you want to check out the details.[...]

WARNING:I've been using the phone for a while now and had been happy with AT&T; pay as you go plan, but recently started using a lot of minutes and the plan isn't as attractive anymore.  I tried switching back to Simple Mobile, but reception isn't the same.  I think they may have upgraded a tower near my house and it now works on 3G 1700MHz frequency which this phone does not support.Just to be sure, I ordered a t-mobile sim card and tried it, but the phone would not recognize the sim card (says, "no sim card found").  Researched this to find that there is an issue with T-Mobile's new sim cards and the HTC One X.  In my opinion, it sounds like HTC One X has a bug.So, now I've got three options:AT&T;Simple Mobile (runs on T-Mobile, but the sim card works with the phone)Walmart Family MobileWalmart Family Mobile is not a pay as you go plan.  They will bill you for overages, so that is out.Simple Mobile worked well at first, but coverage is getting spotty.  I blame HTC not Simple Mobile.AT&T; a bit expensive with heavy usage of minutes.Looking at the Samsung Galaxy III, they do cover 1700MHz frequency, so they would work with T-Mobile and probably the sim card is recognized just fine.  If I had to do it again, I would go that route.Changing my review from 5 stars to 2 as I think it's pretty bad HTC One X doesn't support 1700 MHz and in addition to this the issue of not registering the new T-Mobile "gba" cards.--------------------Final Update:  Well, my wife was willing to take the HTC One X so I could buy a Samsung Galaxy S3.  What a bad idea...  Here is a link that describes the experience in detail:[...]---------------------Update:  Putting this update first because I'm thinking this could really have an impact for some people.  I recently bought a T-Mobile activation kit here on Amazon and while I could activate the sim (shows activated on the T-Mobile site and T-Mobile customer rep verified), but internet does not work on the phone.  Calls and texting are fine, but no Edge/3G/etc...  I'm of the belief that right now, T-Mobile sim cards and this phone are not compatible.  Simple Mobile, AT&T; and Wal-Mart Family Mobile work just fine though.  I only care myself because T-Mobile has a $30 month promotional plan with unlimited data at 3g speeds.  To get this anywhere else, I'm probably looking at $50 or more.----------------------Okay, ordered this yesterday with 1 day shipping and it hasn't shipped yet (7:12 PM EST).  Seller is Amazon, so I'll be real disappointed if it doesn't change status to shipped soon.Will come back and update once I get it.  Previous phone was an iPhone 3GS and can't wait to make the switch from the evil Apple empire to good old Google Android.Fingers crossed.Update: Yay Amazon, got an email about 10PM saying it has been shipped.  Hope yet of receiving it tomorrow.  More to come.Update: Arrived early and have been playing with all day.  It is truly awesome!  No complaints at all.  Couple of bonehead mistakes on my part such as cutting my sim card the wrong way to make a micro sim card and signing up for the wrong data plan with Simple Mobile, but everything is great.  Excellent phone and haven't found a single fault yet.Last Update:  Unless something goes wrong, this is the last one.  It's been about four days now and no issues at all.  Battery seems solid and all apps that I've tried are working great.  Some of them are: Order & Chaos, Temple Run, Monster Park and Restaurant Story.  Also email, internet, phone is great.  Works great with Simple Mobile and Walmart Family sim cards.  It boots up very fast and shuts down quick.  Haven't used the camera much at all, so can't speak on that.Some things that might be interesting:- Bought the Otterbox with it and immediately used it.  Dropped the phone from waist height three times already (a record for me in such a short time) and no problems.  Two times it hit hardwood and once carpet.- Audio isn't anything special.  Not really noticing anything different with 'Beats', but that is probably because I'm getting older and just can't tell.  Speaker is decent in terms of volume.  Better than average I would say, but not outstanding.- Order & Chaos is an intense 3D graphics game and it runs perfectly- Google voice is giving me an issue with showing caller ID correctly.  I'm not sure if this is a problem with the phone, carrier, or GV.  Text and calling work fine, just caller ID doesn't seem to be working.  Need to play with this a bit more.All in all, couldn't be happier.  Great phone.  Got it from Amazon and that might be key.  Third parties could be dangerous, so watch the reviews if you take a chance with one.

Comparing the note2 and S3 by Samsung, this phone only gets 4 star. And sense is even worse. Especially the lock screen! You drag a metal look circle from the bottom to unlock. It is ugly!!! And why can't I just swipe wherever I want and whatever the direction I want to unlock??? Samsung touchwiz can do that and even LG optimus can do that!

I bought one at Amazon sold by GLOBAL MOBILES. This will be a review/question since it appears impossible to contact the seller. I ordered the advertised HTC ONE X (Global version) but the phone I receive has the AT&T; logo instead of the HTC logo. I am in Mexico and a friend has yet to bring the phone to me so I haven't have a chance to check it for myself. As soon as I do I will post my comments. The thing is that the phone is not what GLOBAL MOBILES advertised,as it comes with an AT&T; Logo (pictures show it with the HTC logo in their Amazon page). Have any other buyers received a similar phone? I have to assume that since it is an AT&T; phone then the hardware specs are also different from those of the international version--16 gb memory instead of the 32 in the int version, no quad processor but the dual one  of the AT&T; version, etc. The last time I bought in Amazon an advertised unlocked international phone I got stuck with an HTC from Verizon with all the bloatware and settings from that provider that did not allowed me to do basic things like setting my voice mail (it had a default New Jersey number that could not be changed). I had to flash a third party ROM in order to have it working properly. ANY ONE ELSE HAS EXPERIENCED THIS FALSE ADVERTISING, HAS ANY OF YOU RECEIVED THE ONE WITH THE AT&T; Logo and the different (weaker) specs that come with that version. I appreciate in advance any feedback from buyers and even any feedback from GLOBAL MOBILES or Amazon.UPDATE: Amazon contacted me and offered to give me a partial "refund of the purchase price of this item." I have not received an answer from GLOBAL MOBILES yet but to be fair I just emailed them yesterday (Amazon answered immediately though). So I believe that once again I got stuck with a phone that wasn't what the seller and Amazon advertised, but I appreciate Amazon attempt to somewhat mitigate the problem by offering a partial refund.LAST UPDATE: I finally got the phone in my hands. It indeed has the AT&T; Logo on the front cover but otherwise it appears to be the international version with the quad processor and the 32 gb of memory. So aside from that cosmetic blemish, the phone works great. It is very fast and intuitive and the screen is just gorgeous (I like it a lot more than the iphone 4s. According to HTC latest announcements, this phone is supposed to get the Ice Cream Sandwich Update (4.0.4) and eventually even the new Jelly Bean version of Android (the 4.1). Battery life is pretty descent (for my needs anyway. I don't play games or spent a lot of time making calls. All in all it is an impressive looking phone that feels great to hold. Although plastic, the materials feel and look of the highest quality.

I never write reviews, but I have to say that I was very happy with the purchase of this product.I have never ordered a smartphone on Amazon and had my hesitations when I see 'unbranded' and 'no warranty' plus some other reviews have stated that they have received other variations of this phone with different branding.This phone was received in new condition, no scratches or marks, and the only branding was the HTC logo at the top of the phone. I checked the specs on the phone and they checked with what was advertised (32GB Memory, Quad Core). There was no 'crap-ware' or useless vendor trial applications on the phone - just the default HTC apps.I have AT&T; in North America. I used the micro-SIM card from my old iPhone 4 (the HTC does not come with a SIM) and had no problems placing or receiving calls immediately. I did have problems getting my data plan and voicemail switched over from an iPhone plan to a smartphone plan, mainly because it was not an AT&T; phone/IMEI. After some tech support time, AT&T; was able to get everything working.If you're buying this phone, be aware that it will NOT work on AT&T;'s 4G LTE network..but it does work great on 3G! If you use most of your data via WiFi this shouldn't be an issue.Seller was FGS Trading - received phone in quality packaging and also two days ealier than the delivery extimate :)The phone itself...fast! No hesitations or lags. Screen is beautiful, clear, crisp and BRIGHT! Audio doesn't seem very loud like music, notifications, etc. Phone quality is great! Crystal clear both speaking and listening.If you currently have an iPhone and thinking about getting a One X - do it!!! You'll be happy you did

[Edit to review: I originally gave the phone 4 stars, subtracting 1 star for the battery issue. After using the phone for a while more, I am so impressed as to up the rating to five stars despite that.]Original review follows :HTC should be praised for creating such a magnificent phone, and PUBLICALLY FLOGGED for giving it a scandalously inadequate battery---presumably just to make it sexily thin.There are two problems with the battery: not only is it inadequate to get through even a day of normal use, but worse yet it is a permanent (hard-wired) battery, iPhone style, so you can not replace it with a higher capacity battery. On my previous phone (original HTC Desire), I used an inexpensive, after-market high capacity battery, which was great. But now, by ignorantly copying the iPhone, HTC has made that impossible.My only remedy for the One's stupid battery was to get an external battery recharger (I opted for the Anker SlimTalk 3200mAh Backup External Battery Pack from Amazon). HTC should have made the phone a tad thicker, so the camera lens is flush with the back (it sticks out), and use the extra interior space for a bigger, and removable, battery.One further comment --- if you are on T-Mobile, be aware that you'll need to get an older micro sim to use this phone. The new T-Mobile sims are marked "50.05", but you'll need to find one marked "50.01", else your internet will not work. Currently these can still be found on, e.g., eBay.Others have elaborated on the phone's virtues, to which I would say "ditto" to them all. I am particularly struck by the awesome speech recognition, accurate keyboard, responsiveness, and of course the fabulous display. Camera is awesome though this was not an issue for me personally. In chosing this phone, I'd deliberated at length between this phone and the Samsung Galaxy s3.

i liked it so much, even this is my first smartphone.And of course it is unlocked, fine goodThe bad is the battery it doesn`t hold long time, it needs a bigger.Android was updated and after upgrade it could not connect to WLAN trhough wifi.

happy, got the phone bit late delivery but everything as they told and is working good

excelente equipo, recomendado a todos los que quieran comprarlo, veloz, facil y de buenos y duraderos acabados.punto negativo: no tener dinero para el one.

Some problems with the Wi-fi, left me discouraged, but the phone is Excellent.I recommend.skirt of sameness.thanx HTC

Before i bought this i thoroughly read the reviews available on Amazon at that point which helped me get what i was really looking for: a 32GB Memory Quard core, etc.This phone is totally awesome. Speed is great, graphics excellent, sound is simply put..... a real bad boy! I am on a world travel now and i dont miss my camera even a bit. Great integration into any number of devices and storage you may have plus good speed for VPN connections. The battery could have been better so get yourself a mobile power source especially if you are using a lot of the mobile features. No SD slots so go for the 32GB if you need a lot of space and get a BT storage device if absolutely necessary else simply make a selection of files available offline as and when you see the need.A great piece of smart phone for business and fun.

Well, where should i begin?After long search in the market and reviewing at least 5 forums, and considering all my option for a good smartphone, i have stopped my search on HTC One X (this was prior iPhone 5 release, but it's release wouldn't change my pick). I'm beginning to study for my M.Sc degree, so i need a new phone with internet capabilities (i had Nokia 6230 before, i bought it in 2005, the best phone Nokia released for my opinion, but i have to catch up the digital gap somehow :-) )and one that can be used as computer too. First of all, i knew that I'll buy one that operates on android and not on IOS, i don't like Apple's iPhone because of it's concept (closed system). Secondly, i wanted the phone that i can keep for at least 3-4 years, so i wanted good processor, 1GB RAM memory, and at least 32GB internal storage memory, GPS. Other parameters like camera and blue-tooth didn't bother me. My pick choice was toggled between HTC One X and Samsung Galaxy S3. In that time HTC (international version!) cost was 540$, and S3 price was 600$ with almost identical parameters, so 60$ was in favor of HTC, i have picked him up.It's really good looking and well designed smartphone. It's battery life is like most smartphones, and barely enough for 1.5 days with common use such as internet or any kind of program.The problem started when i have downloaded HTC software update and after it's installation, it's gyro sensors stop to work. I have tried everything to fix it, including factory reset and safe mode calibration of the sensors before i wrote "i have a problem" letter to HTC tech support (i haven't mentioned that I'm electrics and electronics engineer, so i'm more than capable to fix those things). And what do you know? Although i have well described my problems to HTC techs and all the steps i have ALREADY done, they just replied to me to do what i have already completed, like it was some kind of bot replied and not a human being. After that, they had a nerve to close the case! After i contacted them again and wrote that they didn't helped at all, they offered me to send my phone for repair to their nearest Euro serving site, (that was Greece, by the way) for almost 25 euros and with all kind of limitations like i broke it in purpose. That was the answer i have received from their representative:"Since factory reset did not solved the issue, We can book your device for a repair in our authorised repair centre. According to the global warranty of your device, we will send your device for a repair in our repair centre in Greece. A team in charge of booking the repair will contact you shortly in order to verify your details and schedule a pick up for your phone.A DHL courier will pick up the phone from your location. The shipping cost is 24.60 Euro which you will need to pay via a bank transfer ( not by any other payment method like paypal or credit card ). The repair time frame is up to 6 weeks, depending on parts availability.Should the repair centre will decide that your device is out of warranty ( physical damage, wear and tear or illegal software, unauthorised repair ), it will not be covered by warranty. The repair will be chargeable and we will send you a quote. Should you not wish to pay that quote, there will be an approximate 15 euros diagnosis fee to have the device returned to you unrepaired."Those words exactly. My first reaction for their reply was a though: are you for real?!I'm leaving it as it is for now. One thing for sure: i won't buy any of HTC products any more and i don't recommend to other people to buy from them too.As i said earlier, good product, crappy service. Maybe should spend another 60$ and buy S3, i'll never know!

its' great, just like that! i am very happy with this cel. will me take some time to discover everything.
