
The phone itself arrived in, what appeared to be, perfect condition, almost too good to be true. At exactly three months to the date the phone was purchased, the backlight has gone out rendering this phone inoperable. I can't even retrieve my vacation pictures or contacts. HTC wouldn't even help since they said their warranty is void from purchasing through a 3rd party seller. When I contacted &#34;Phones4selling&#34; their responses are hardly intelligible and they insist that the phone was new and they can't help, except for a fee if we want them to repair it.After opening up the phone HTC confirmed that the problem was a corrupt motherboard and that this phone was actually refurbished. Also, upon closer inspection this is an AT&T; phone, so even my Tmobile insurance won't cover it. I feel like this seller completely misrepresented the product in both description and quality. I'm still trying to resolve with the seller, but I most likely will end up disputing this charge and trashing this phone. The low cost of the phone is not worth the hassle in the end. I'll be buying directly from my service provider next time. And I will never buy anything from an Amazon marketplace seller again.

a excellent smart phone, great screen quality as its picture quality and sensitivity, very light. is both sporting and executives

I paid a lot of money for a brand new HTC ONE X and this people (Tablet Electronics) sent me a USED DEVICE!!!! with scratches in all the display, not original accesories also with scratches.  Very BADDDDDD BAD BAD.  they stole me. Never never buy it on Tablet Electronics.  Want a total refund now.  amazon should respond for this.  amazon must be carefull of doing bussines with PIRATES like this.  WANT A REFUND NOWWWW

It was a good one. Looks nice. I never used a htc phone before. I purchased the phone for my sister. She indisted that htc phones are generally good in quality.

Not good..this phone came with two defects so far..the microphone doesn't work..and the digitizer was broken. all the numbers could not display when touched on screen.

Incredible device for the price,  one seller (cellstore33) has YOUR back. Exceptional!I'm extraordinarily happy with my product. It was listed as &#34;Very Good&#34; condition, but I would consider it &#34;Like New.&#34; Not a single blemish on the item. Extremely high quality at a fair market price. Exact match for the product description.Some people hate Android skins, but I love the little touches of HTC Sense. Media streaming (DLNA) built in, a great music player, car mode triggered by dock's hardware cable, lock screen optimizations, flip for speakerphone, and all kinds of other small optimizations for Android. These really make for a superior user experience.If you ever have an issue on an order from cellstore33, rest assured they will bend over backwards to solve it. The shipping carrier for never registered a scan for the original tracking number, even after a week. Within a half hour of contacting the seller, I had a response that a replacement was in stock and would be sent out that same day. No fuss, no pushing necessary, no trying to further chase the original before helping me. My needs as a customer came first, and indeed the replacement shipped out that day. I received a personal email as soon as it shipped.Furthermore, as part of solving the problem, the seller proposed a generous remedy for my inconvenience. The seller then checked in twice more before delivery to make sure my needs were being taken care of. Once more afterwards to make sure I was satisfied. If an issue comes up, what more could you ask for?Given the attentiveness, extraordinary service, and generous remedy received when something went wrong, I would not hesitate to order again from this seller. If I have a friend searching for an unlocked device down the road, I know exactly where I will send them.

The screen is gorgeous until about five days using it, when yellow spotting may appear on the corners of the screen, after that the GPS on mine started to fail, showing me  bouncing around in the map. It's been a couple of weeks and the yellow spots on the screen refuse to go away, and had some screen corruption too, but it was minimal. The phone is powerful, Tegra apps run fantastic and despite the flaws, it's a decent device. With Google music, I have planty of space for games and video, so I'm not missing the SD card slot, wifi seems so work fine in mine too. I'm thinking of switching back to my Note though, being that the spots are quite noticeable now and seem to get bigger when the phone gets hot. Call quality is great and Sense is not as annoying as I thought it would be, which in my opinion, is more useful and easier on the eyes than touch wiz.Anyway, I actually bought the phone before reviewing so I can convey  experience and not  opinions.Cheers.

This is one of HTC's greatest phones. Its fast, sleek and sexy. I recommend this phone to users who are familiar with HTCs and android products.

Really nice phone more than expected for that price love it and that is all that I have to say about this product!

This phone was great while it lasted, except for the battery of course.The pros include the screen, which is absolutely brilliant, the feel in your hand, and the speed of the processor. The thing is beautiful and blazing fast.However, mine developed a defect after a few months and will not charge, which of course means it is now totally worthless since it cannot hold a charge, I cannot replace the battery, and I cannot send it in for any warranty service since I had it shipped outside of the US (I'm not even sure that there would be a warranty in any case).If you are looking for a high tech phone on the cheap, you could do worse, but when you take into account THE VERY HIGH FAILURE RATE OF HTC DEVICES, you should be warned that in the long run, this device is no cheaper than an iphone, or a galaxy s3/s4/note etc. since those devices have much higher quality standards and will likely last longer.Mine lasted exactly 4 months and I swear that after coming to terms with that fact that I threw more than $400 in the garbage, I will never, EVER buy another HTC product again.

Real nice phone, only the battery could be better.I wouldn't mind not to replace the batery if it had better life.The screen is amazing, real sharp and good colors.

In January, I purchased 2 phones one for my husband and one for me.  One came in a sealed package the other came in an open one with the return bill of a previous buyer and his restaurant bill, too.  I should have figured out it was returned because it was damaged.  At Wireless Experts Inc.(the seller), they swore the phone was fine, but it is not.  Based on my doubts about having it being returned they reimbursed $100 out of the $400 I paid.  Anyway, do not buy from them!  My phone does not work well.  It gets static in one position, does not charge well, the starting screen shows the time and weather in Atlanta when I do not live in the States.  Finally, my being an international customer makes it difficult time and money wise to claim for my customer rights.

PROS: Hardware, screen, ICS, HTC Sense (yes I think it is a pro!), cameraCONS: Battery life, no replaceable battery option, missing dedicated search keyRecommendation: If you are ready to compromise on the battery life then this is a definite BUY from meTo be fair, I knew what I was getting into when I bought this phone. Excellent hardware as long as you don't count battery as part of the hardware!On very basic usage like talking, texting and moderate browsing and with the screen brightness set to auto, you can probably get about 8 hours of battery life out of this.But with about 45 mins of Pandora, push email, games and basically the things the phone is actually meant to be used for, you will find yourself charging it twice in 8 hours. My average battery life on fair amount of phone usage come to about 6 hours. This includes about an hour of actual phone calls, some online chatting, about an hour of pandora and few games in between to kill time.But enough about the problems. The phone has lots of good stuff going for it.The screen is just brilliant. I will not get into the tech specs of it, but as an end user, I like what I see when it is displayed on this screen.The camera is fast as promised though I still feel it takes a little longer to launch than I would have liked it to. Once launched, the picture clicking is fast and smooth. As you may have read elsewhere, the camera is good, but don't throw away your SLRs or point & shoots just yet.The phone is fast and there is no doubt about it. I have done fair amount of multi-tasking on it and it did not seem to have an adverse effect on the performance. But I do like the ability to be able to actually close each app unlike earlier versions of Android.My one gripe with the design is the elimination of the dedicated search button at the bottom. I don't know why it was done away with as it was really useful and I am not saying that just because I had gotten used to it on my HTC Desire HD.I like the uni-body design except for the fact that now I dont even have the choice to replace the battery. Not that I did so with my old phone, but that was mainly due to lack of tech support from HTC while trying to get the right battery.I know people have been complaining about the 'limited' 32 GB of which only 26 GB is actually available with no option to expand. Personally, it is enough space for me. I do not intend to store and watch HD movies on a phone, even if it has a 4.7 inch screen.I also like that the phone came with a 25 GB dropbox account. It seamlessly connected with my existing dropbox account and simply added the additional space to my existing account. HTC Sense has a lot of integration with drop box, such as the ability to attach files in an email from your dropbox folder by sending a short url in the mail (mind you this is different then the standard option of 'Sharing' your dropbox file via email). However, this drop box integration exists only when you use the native Email app and not the Gmail app (whats up with that google?). Frankly, while google is doing a lot of great things, it needs to get its act together on integration and support of its own products. I have seen a trend that new google products are better supported by third party apps than google itself (for the longest time google docs worked much better on IE than google chrome!).Face unlock is cool but a novelty and not so much of a utility. I would have called it a utility if I did not need to press the power on button to first wake up the phone, then slide the HTC Sense lock screen to unlock the phone before even reaching the face unlock screen. There is a reason it is featured under the security tab.I am still playing with the phone and will update this review at a later date with more information.Update1: HTC released an OTA update yesterday which is said to improve the battery life along with other minor bug fixes. Today was the first day of use with the new update. The phone shows a remaining batter life of little over 50% where as in the past it would be between 30-40% by this time of the day. I will post an update after playing with it over the weekend.

I find only one down side.  HTC unlocker changes the CID to *None*.  This causes a problem using fastboot to flash  kernels and such.  The XDA boys developed a work-around however. I hope HTC will lighten up on this soon.  This is in no way a hardware and that is very near perfect.  Out of the box this beast flies.  No carrier bloat because it is unbranded.  Not even some carrier logo to be found.  I have flashed my second ROM but so far found very little improvement for the stock ROM. I highly recommend the HTC One X but it might be a bit "heavy" for the less technical user.

Very good mobile, fast and smooth. Recommended for anybody that want begin the android experience. Is one of the best cellphones out there.

The phone is exactly what you may expect after reading the reviews available in the net. Nice screen, processing power, camera and very nice design.I was not so happy with the &#34;refurbished&#34; version, though.It had some small scratches by the sides of the case (screen is perfect). I've always bought refurbished items and never received one with scratches, but from what i read, some manufacturers/vendors qualify devices with &#34;low usage&#34; as refurbished as long as everything is checked to work properly. Mine works flawlessly and the scratches don't bug me that much.Another annoyance is the collection of applications bundled with it. I'm not sure if they are user-installed or came from AT&T; (it's the unlocked version, if that matters) . It comes with 100+ applications, mostly games. The most annoying part is that  lots of them aren't even compatible with the phone, crashing as soon as you open them.The biggest problem is the power/data cable. The micro USB end feels completely loose when connected to the phone. It remains connected only if forced diagonally, and any small movement disconnects it. Feels very very cheap!While charging and specially transferring data, DON'T TOUCH THE PHONE!Other than these, a very nice device, comparable to Samsung's Galaxy S3, but without the card slot and removable battery. But the price tag makes it up for the missing features.

My HTC ONE X have a serious problem with the screen....It is totally out of use...It is probably a issue of the firts items, but i wish i could have mine fixed....

I purchased the international unlocked version with Quad-Core processor, instead they shipped me the AT&T US version with Dual-Core and less internal memory :(

I got this phone at the urging of my wireless provider, it looked good and features sounded nice.After getting it the trouble began, my old phone uses a large style sim card this one a small sized one, meaning any change or sim trouble and I have to take it to the phone store for reprogramming.Battery life is poor and enabling anything, or using it for any length of time causes the battery to drain quickly, and the battery is not accessible or replaceable, meaning no upgraded battery or spares are possible.The storage is also hard wired meaning you cannot add a micro SD for more storage, what you buy built-in, you are stuck with.the phone's glass screen is easy to break, and two days after my phone arrived the screen cracked after a very short fall from my lap onto my foot (no shoes). To the phone's credit it did continue to function for  several months before the screen stopped coming on, touch pad still works, but without the screen I cannot see what's going on and I cannot backup my photos, contacts, apps or files.The phone was not abused, just subjected to everyday use.Also the phone's design is such that it cannot be repaired, only replaced.So I am now stuck with a expensive paperweight that I can't fix, full of data I can't retrieve.I can't recommend this phone unless you don't plan to use it much, it didn't even last a year. and with so many better quality phones out there from other vendors at better prices it's not worth buying - Save your cash.

I recommend this product because i can do whatever thing with it. It is faster than others phone i had.

Had the galaxy note before this one. This is great not to big and foes everything I need. Perfect for all uses

Am happy for my new phone..I love this brand but the battery die quickly which I don't get cause its very new.plus sometime I can't send out text..Please let me.know what's wrong

It froze three times when people called so I'm was unable to answer the phone call and the metal piece that holds the SIMS card had a recall on it for this type of phone. After having this phone a year it all of a sudden said there wasnt a SIMS card in and there was so I took it to the ATT store and they tried everything, so they called the company to see what the next step was. They sent me a new piece and still doesn't work. I know have to go back to the ATT store and order a whole new phone. I've been a week so far without a phone.

An amazing cellphone with minor problems. HTC One X is everything that you would expect from a high-end devide. Great looks, great processor speed and the lazy battery (I need to charge it every night).

It was a great deal at the time. Cheaper than Galaxy S3 and way cheaper than iphone 4S (rivals). Update to the last Jelly Bean version arrived late but it did. No info on KitKat at the moment.There is one thing everyone should know. Hotspot is not working outside AT&T; network. So if you want to use it outside US or in another company forget about this feature.Other than that. Great phone

because the product deserve this rating , as it delivers all that is stated of it , one observation is that is gets a bit warm & the battery seems to empty quickly

So, I too am a victim of Abe-Seller's, Mango Wireless, Tablet Distributors, or whatever they call themselves to hide their criminality. Their scam to sell AT&T; One X's non-GSM (which is a third of the cost I payed to this criminal operation) as an unlocked international version. Their ad states that headphones come with the One X, also. And they don't. I've emailed and called to no avail. They do not respond. I will return to rate them again after an attempt to work with them, but since I have seen so many people complaining about this, I had to chime in. BEWARE YOU MAY GET AN AT&T; NON-GSM VERSION IF YOU ARE BUYING THE UNLOCKED INTERNATIONAL VERSION.UPDATE: I've never received a word from this company/criminal operation. These guys should not be selling on this site. In fact, they should be locked up.

I have always been a HTC fan until this phone. There is a known problem with the SIM card tray. There is a defect in the design causing many phones to have SIM card errors. I am on my 3rd phone in 10 month and now HTC denies the problem and refuses to replace it. If you search HTC one X SIM error you will see pages of reports on this problem. If it wasn't for AT&T admitting the problem and offering an early upgrade, I would be stuck with paying full price to replace this phone. I will never by an HTC product again nor do I recommend them to anybody. Do yourself a favor and search HTC One X sim card error before considering this phone.

The phone its an AT&T phone, not as described as the picture, headphone are cheap ones the cellphone has a screen flickering problem, and looks used, I claim a refund

One X is the most fascinating cell phone I have ever used. I didn't encounter those problems and defects. The SLCD2 screen is spectacular with brilliant color and even some 3D feeling while I am using the phone. The browser is so fast and smooth with very good touch response. It provides me a great experience while surfing on the net. Furthermore, I also love the attractive appearance of One X. The HTC One X makes me say goodbye to my old Iphone 4s.

Way better than Iphone 5 . I bought iphone 5 along with this phone. when compared I loved one x  and gave the I5 to my son. all the features are best as on date.

Arrive without Audio Beats, and the product offerts say that a stuf is inclued so i almost hope that kind of thing never happend again

I am a sixty year old woman who is a normal user of smartphones. I need to say that I am delighted with this phone. I got the unlocked international version and I have used it so far in 2 different countries with prepaid sim cards (I verified before travelling if there were micro sim cards available)  and, as a result, I have saved a lot in roaming charges. The design, screen size and resolution are great and the weight of the device is remarkably light. It's been wonderful to read my books from Amazon Kindle or work on several projects while waiting at the airports without the hassle of using my ultrabook.  The speed is incredible and I have found out that the HTC Sense is very friendly and provides a great experience for users like me. The quality of the pictures taken with this phone is astounding. In my case, I am very happy with the possibility of using the cloud to keep music, pictures and videos. I need to agree that the battery life is not the best (about 7 hours) but recharging it hasn't been a problem.The HTC ONE X  is definitely the best phone I have used!!!

IT was exactly what I was expecting and right on time. I am very happy with the product and looking forward to shopping again.

it is an amazing cellphone but i can't hear when someone call me, i am really dissapoint because i must activate speaker ant that's not good everybody can hear every word that i said.....

Amazing, fast. I am really astonished with the speed, response and design of the device.I'm really convinced of this decive rocks over other "famous" devices in market

It was missing the standard headphone plz send me the headphones. And send me soon possible. It a good phone just missing the headphones

this phone came cracked with very low battery i recommend u not to buy this phone and find a different one

I just received the HTC phone, I cannot complain about process to receive the phone, but I don't like that in the amazon web site you show a picture of the HTC but Mango Wireless send another version.What happened is that I ordered the HTC One X 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 4.0 OS, Audio Beats, Super IPS LCD2 Touchscreen, 8MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth - Gray  as shown in the amazon web site, the phone with the HTC symbol in the front; but you sent me the AT&T; version of the HTC phone and I am not with the AT&T; provider.Poor service, I will not by any other product from Mango Wireless.

If you stay in Akron,OH OR Cleveland,OH the HTC ONE X will run on T-Mobile Hapa+ AKA 4G, T-Mobile is running a 1900 mzh & that will get you HAPA + Downloads, so have fun kida

I did a lot of research b4 buying HTC One X... (abt a month).... I am very happy with my purchase. I dont wanna write down a hole lot abt this phone... but I will say this.... if u r thinking of which 1 to get within samsung, htc, motorolla, iphone.... etc... get this 1. U wont regret it :)

The phone its really excellent, I`ve have experience with palms, iPhones, etc. and really I think this is the best. Android system its really very smart and advanced.

Happy for the most part with the HTC until the other day. Refuses to read the Sim card all of a sudden. It's the sim card that came with the phone. Obviously has reliability issues...tried everything with no luck. Has nice features but battery life could be better. No removeable battery either. Have to replace phone or try another sim. Completely useless now.

The cell phone looks second hand with scratches on the screen and spots on the back. The charging LED does not light. I am very unhappy. Included in the box the old owner's phone number.

The phone has printed AT & T screen, and dual core processor unlike the quad core processor the famous one x, also came without any headset. is very disappointing purchase from this seller.

This is a very good phone. However, there is omission in the part of the seller who does not disclose it is an unlocked AT&T phone rather than a factory unlocked international phone and therefore it has many unexpected disadvantages. For example an important feature that allows you to create a tether or hotspot is disabled. Also the seller neglected to put the name of the buyer on the shipped product which led to it almost being lost or misplaced.

Worst second camera for this type of phone, and night photos for main camera the same. Dont buy this phone

Hello, I write to inform you that the phone htc one x I received, this contains errors in the bottom of the screen does not respond to keystrokes made &#8203;&#8203;in the lower keys and you can not use the phone properly, I require information about the warranty.

This phone is one of the best phones but some times it gets too hot while in use and can't open the hotsport.

I have been using htc one x for two months and I am writing this review with experience of heavy use. I must say that when I first bought it has some little issues of screen flickering and short battery life but htc worked well and distributed updates that made phone very stable.First of all, it has an amazing screen that colors are beautiful and real (if you compare to amoled you can understand what a real color is).it has a classy look compared to galaxy s3 but this is my opinion only, I have read in some reviews that somebody complained about unibody design and no sd card slot. First of all unibody design is a plus for me, remember that Iphone was appreciated when they first introduced unibody design because this kind of phones fell more solid and actually they are. Only problem is to change the battery when it died but htc used a high quality lithium-polymer battery (like iphone and sony)instead of lithium -ion  so it won't need a replacement for long years. People complained that they can't replace the battery with the backup battery in daily usage but i must say that there is no difference between carrying a backup battery or external charger. I am ok with the battery life after updates, if you make the correct settings you can reach 18 hours with little heavy usage. Some examples of battery saving setting are; auto brightness, and wifi enabling options (you should choose "wifi enable when screen sleeps" option to "only when charging" so wifi will be of when the screen is off and it will be on when you wake up the screen automatically). people with less experience can download a free application such as Easy Battery and reach a better performance.32 gb storage is enough for me to keep 8000 mp3 song, 190 videos ( most of them 720p hd), big sized games, lots of applications and still have 10.5 gb free space. Also ' have experienced that sd cards are always slow than the internal disk of the phone and if they are full with data you will experience lag problems. so i am more happy with 32 gb internal storage than 16 + some sd.Screen is very durable indeed, you can watch the video of someone used it as a hammer :) link: [...]Camera performance is great in daylight and good compared to most of the phones including gs3 at night time. But you should remember that it is a phone camera only and not expect a real camera performance at 8mp.Sense interface has no problems and they make it very close to stock android ics interface. I saw no problems with the interface it is smooth, usable and fast enough.this phone and gs3 are the kings of all smartphones for now and it will be a great upgrade from any version of iphone or other smart phones in the market.

I purchased my one-X one year ago, in the beggining it seems weird as its LCD is rounded and the bottons are in the opposite side comparing to Samsung phones.now that I used to is, I can say this is the fastest phone I saw, compared with Iphone 5 and Samsung Galaxy S3 !!the only cons I found for this phone is its design and the buttons placement:when I try to operate it in one hand, I find myself touching the side buttons which I didn't plan to press. most of the times it puts the phone on silent mode and I discover it only few hours later...I found a widget which resolves this issue so it is bearable.at the end of the day: very recommended product, superb camera, super fast and stable.Well done HTC!!

excelente

Had to be returned. A total of three phones ordered on Amazon and all there did not work either because they didn't charge like this phone or because they were locked and could not be unlocked. Will not be buying phones here again.

That disappointment was a misleading offer, I do not recommend the company who sold me this computer. The phone did not meet expectations expected, advertising that is displayed and get htc at & t, I do not get the charger and the tool to remove the card and headphones. The rear of the unit was scratched.Too bad I'm so far but otherwise it was returned the computer, I am not happy. not just what they do lops deceiving buyers and sending different teams that afertan.

Very happy and satisfied with performance, which was one of the key aspects when I was trying to make a decision.  Glad I went with this one instead of Galaxy S III

I received mine from "Worldwide distributors". The options for language are taiwanese, vietnamise, English (Singapore), etc.I made the mistake of assuming international would be Spanish, French, German... if anything.Anyway I asked the seller for instructions on returning the item (used 15 minutes), and they just told me to contact the manufacturer and suck it up.

the same thing as I was expecting.

Although I love this phone...It lost a star for the poor battery it has. With my heavy usuage it dies after a few hours....lasting if I am lucky for 10 hours. Besides that, the interface is like no other. HTC really makes it easy to navigate and use. So I would simply recommend you get one of those power packs that can charge your phone anywhere!

Thank you very much! for memorization if you can make the phone I'll be happythanks a lot !!thanks a lot  !!

DESPISE YOU HAVE MADE ME THIS GREAT PHONE NOT WANT THIS VERSION AT & T STOP FOOL.BROUGHT ME NO HEADPHONES IN THE PACK. SORRY FOR MY BAD ENGLISH

I had clearly ordered the gsm unlocked version and when the package arrived, I opened it to discover the company had shipped me the at&t version.  at&t is not a service provider where I live and I was not thrilled because gci is the service we have in this part of the state.  I decided to keep the phone and am sending it as a gift to a close relative in another part of the state where she has a at&t contract.

very good, the only problema is not have slot for memory and not is posible to change battery,, the service to sale is very good

the phone is good, and have met my demand, looking forward puchase more product in the future, thank you so much

DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT 4G for T-Mobile USA...Looking at the specs i had believed this phone would work for T-Mobile USA, but unfortunately there is NOT a complete match to their network.  Be aware that if you buy this phone for T-Mobile, the data plan may not work at all OR you might get 2G (EDGE) only, OR if your lucky and they have 1900 mhz support in your area you could get the full 4G(very limited areas).  There is also little information on 1900 mhz support for T-Mobile, i believe Bay Area in CA is the only location at the moment(but not confirmed).Lastely...to get any T-Mobile data to work you need to buy a specific Micro SIM from T-Mobile (version 50.01).  This will cost you another $20 IF you can find them, since they do not use them anymore.  Call around most stores don't have them.As for the phone, i believe other reviews clearly outline the pros and cons.

I've only got it this morning and I've been busy most of today. So haven't had a whole lot of time to play with it. But I already love what I've seen thus far. I immediately changed phones. I got a scare when I tried to put the sim from my old phone in it, only to realize the sim was too big. Then I realized that I needed a micro sim. Popped into the Telco store and grabbed one. Loving the feel and the way the software is running.Will give further updates later as I use it more.

its a very good phone it is a open so you can download what ever apps you wants to make it as personal as it can be...

Great phone. I really like it. But, I don't like the HTC ROM, but its probably only me. I prefer a clean Google ROM

Don't touch HTC!!! Paid 500$ for their product: no normal support, NO upgrades, UI is old, lot's of bugs without ability to upgrade, volume button half functioning....

This phone indicated it's unblocked, but fails to mention that it's an AT&T phone.  Therefore, when I attempted to insert my SIM card, the slot that holds the SIM card was way too small for me to use.  I've wasted time and money trying to get the correct phone.  So be extremely careful when you're trying to purchase an unblocked phone.  Guess when shopping on Amazon  for an unblocked phone you still need to shop at your Providers Site for an unblocked phone.  I purchase unblocked phones because I don't use contracts anymore.

PROS: GORGEOUS screen, fast, beautiful design, Ice Cream Sandwich, HTC Sense, Camera.CONS: Battery duration, and that it is non-removable (unibody).So yes, as most people mentioned already, the only disadvantage I see on this phone is battery duration... a lot of people already reviewed the phone quite well here, so I'll just focus on this matter. Until a few days ago, I would've rated the phone 4 stars, but I downloaded a couple of apps: Advance Task Killer and Green Power PRO. Once you tweek Green Power Pro and use ATK often enough, your battery duration will dramatically increase about 40%. And now I can go through a day of normal use (social networks, e-mails, calls, listening to music) and by night I still have around 40% of charge, which is awesome. So if you're discouraged about the battery duration, know that there's a way around it. And now the phone is absolutely 5 stars for me.NOTE: People from Mexico: YES, you can use this phone with ANY carrier (Telcel, Movistar, Iusacell), as long as it is this version, the international one. It won't work with the LTE one (AT&T;).Hope this info helps to all undecided, cheers.

I ordered for a HTC One X with Beats Audio UNLOCKED GSM Android but got a HTC AT&T One X with Beats Audio UNLOCKED GSM Android which cannot tether!!! I am very disappointed about this!!!

Happy with the product, my husband will charm your phone despite having had problems buying a month because it was blocked and Mango Wireless was not responsible. Thank you

This is a ve ry ni ce pho ne, i lo ve it. Fast, this pho ne with a beau tiful screen.

The shipment went without problems, the phone is beyond expectations. Camera and screen are better than others in this category. Didn't get any handsfree with it but it's a minor discomfort.

I've bought it for my sister.First she didn't get it ontime.Second AT&T; Phone (199$) for International version (416$) money.Feel difference? So I'll never have any deals with Wireless Experts, Inc. in future.

I ordered this phone after getting the upgrade HTC One X USA version from AT&T.;  The international phone is almost the same as the version from AT&T.;  This international version has a 4 core processor and 32GB of storage unlike the dual core and only 9GB of storage on AT&T;'s version.  This phone will not run on AT&T;'s LTE network, but it will still run on the 3g network there.  All I had to do was get a new Micro SIM chip from AT&T; and it was good to go.  I currently live in Kuwait and that is why I needed the international version.  I would prefer to use this phone then the AT&T; version.This phone has the quad core process and right at 23GB of usable storage.  There is NO MicroSD slot and it uses a Micro SIM chip.  This phone reacts instantly when you open a app.  The reboot time on it is faster than any phone I have seen.  Great phone all around.  thin and light, but still a tad to big to fit in the pocket comfortably.  I love this phone and plan to use it for several years to come.

I'm really disapointed with this smartphone.I brought thinking it would beat the Samsung Galaxy S3, but unfortunally it's not even close to it!The battery is riddiculus! It won't last 1 full day! (And i'm not a heaver user, don't use tweeter, or sync gmail or calendar). I really don't understand how a top of the brand can have a battery like that.Besides that, i think it's a mistake Amazon fullfil a sale of a brand new phone, that don't have garante... besides that, i really think that when the seller says UNLOCKED, INTERNATIONAL VERSION, i thought that it means no brand... not GERMANY VODAPHONE!!! This means that the phone come with a lot of junk from Vodaphone, and that this is useless in US, or Brazil! I'm really tempted to install a clean rom! If there was a warrant, then i wouldn't think that... but in this case, it's really a win-win case.If you have the chance, get's a S3 and be happy. Probably will do that next time.

Am really disappointed with the unboxing of this product. It clearly stated in the product specifications that this phone comes with a head phone set and it did not. I purchase an item that incomplete. Not nice.

The phone not match that the description. It has so much fails. Please you would sell the correct items and not phones damaged

Not happy at all.......... Bought  two new HTC One X 16GB Unlocked GSM and received two used one with missing parts and open boxes. Yes i got money back but what a hassle. Amazon stood by me 100% through all............ thanks Amazon.

I really loved the telephone. The camera is very good, the screen is wide and clear, audio is ok, and the general  features are really good.

I waited a month and a half for this phone because it was shipped from Japan so thinking it was worth the wait I bought the phone and the description said it works in the United States but when I get the phone immediately it starts acting up and doesn't work well at all I quickly assumed it was my phone company so I gave him a quick call and they said there's nothing wrong with their towers its working 100% so I call HTC and they informed me that this international phone does not work well in the United States when clearly the description said &#34;works in the US&#34; I don't know about you but that's false advertisement in my book. But overall that's the only bad thing I can say about this phone,the picture quality is good, good speed, fast downloads etc if you want the entertainment phone this is the one for you but if you want a business phone stay clear of this one or get one that works well in United States.

I'm a major fan of HTC, but this instantly disqualified this phone for me. When the time comes to upgrades my families phones we're probably going to have to go with something like the Samsung Galaxy 3. I know they offer dropbox as a way to supplement the limited storage, but for heavens sake...if anything smart phones have become much more information-centric and dependent. Oh, I've got a great idea...let's limit how much data people can store on the device. :/

This product does not come unlocked and no headphones. this version is at & t and not international version I can not  to use in Colombia

Phone looks awesome...very light, looks mighty...just few hours since i got it...it has great email app - most importantly, i can search email - thank you ICS....camera is great....ICS is cool.. I always hate Sense - can't do anything about it.....I will write a detailed review later.Quick question - I am on AT&T; and it says "H" for HSPA. FRom the beginning there was a confusion if this is 4G or not. Looks like not. Can someone confirm?Thanks

The total space was more like 9g + 2g... The phone is unlocked, but it's definitely not the international version. It came with AT&T branding, not the HTC one, so I'm not sure what happened to this phone before I received it. I wouldn't recommend anyone buying this, it's probably not going to be what you expect for the hefty price. I don't get 4G--even when it tells me "4G." There's nothing I can do about this now, sadly, but for anyone else who wants to buy a phone I recommend trying to find a store instead

This is not the item I orderd, was advertised as an unlocked international version of the HTC One X and it's an unlocked used AT&T phone, not the one seen in the picture. Also it's not working properly. This is cheating from Amazon and Mango Wireless!!!

i am very happy with htc one x i think its a greate machine it changed my worled and i highly reccomendon it tnx htc and tnx amazon for the greate deal

Its a great phone, the only thing i dont like is not available to manage a micro sd card and the battery is not replaceable.however, it has a great life in use and very large life in hold.great image resolution, their camera is excelent (the principal) i would like the front camera have a decent resolution

I brought it for my dad, i thought that is a very good phone must have many many language options, but turn out it doesnt has chinese. But still its a good phone, my dad love it. He doesnt speak english but he still make it work by download some app or whatever i dont know. Smart phone for smart dad haha...

i love this smartphone is so beautifull and i lie it so much, i very happy for this.. excelente beats audio

I had the grey HTC 1X come it was not working properly the software was bad. I called Fone company they fixed it for me. I just got the new product on nov 1/2012. Every time I called they gave incredible service. I have been with apple products for 23 years. I was scared when the phone was not working properly. Fone looked after the problem and fixed it without a single hassle. The service was equal to Apple service I would love to tell Apple how excellent that company is.La Donna

Great phone.. but there wasn't a bluetooth (as advertised) in the package.. charger was there..

This phone is good price and great screen. Actually after I bought Just Before HTC one X + released.Still I am so glad to have this phone.

I bought this phone as a gift for a friend overseas, who found out that the phone was defective. By the time the phone came back the seller refused return / refund. This is so frustrating and disappointing. I expected honest and professional customer service but it turned out otherwise. I wouldn't recommend buying anything from this seller.

awesome phoneThe phone looks like new and is fully functionally, also it was send to me very fast , I recommend the vendor

I got this for $100 through an AT&T; contract, and was comparing it to the Nokia Lumia and the Galaxy SIII.I am very happy with my decision. It's snappy, never lags, feels great in the hand, nice large screen (which makes a big difference for my over the iPhone, you really feel the substantialy screen-size difference in reading, email, etc.), and its slimness makes it fit amazingly well in the pocket and prevents any bulkiness to it. The matte shell looks and feels quality and durable. It also appears much more resistant to screen cracking than the SIII, even though both ostensibly have a 'gorilla glass' screen. I've dropped it several times from 2-4 ft and it's perfectly fine, whereas I know 3 people that have shattered their Galaxy SIII screen by dropping it only a couple feet - one person did it twice (ouch). I also appreciate how well integrated it is with the Android OS, everything that andriod can do it does, without overlapping functionality between proprietary software and the OS.I don't really have any cons for the phone, it's a great phone, I highly recommend it. I would recommend it over the Galaxy SIII. As for the nokia lumia, that depends on whether you prefer he Windows 8 or the Andriod OS's, that's kind of the key choice there.

I am exceedingly happy with the product and the supplier with this phone; it was between this and an IPhone 5 and this ended up being a couple hundred cheaper plus it works great. Screen and camera are very clear and accurate in visual quality and it is much easier to use than my last phone was with the touch screen being fast and easy to use. Reviews for HTC were very good overall and this phone lives up to the overall ratings I found on the HTC ONE in general; as to the supplier I am very satisfied as they got the product here on time and in great condition.

I am sorry.I want to a white one.I am a chglishinese .My english is not very well.I don,t like black.I want to a awhite one.

I owned my HOX for about three months.  Prior to that I used an iPhone 3gs for two years, and a Droid Bionic for about 6 months.  (It was a company phone.)First off, the positives.  How could I start anywhere but the display.  Even after owning one for three months, on a recent visit to the phone store, I picked up an HOX and tried to play with it, getting myself frustrated that I couldn't get the screen to respond to my touches.  It took me several seconds to realize I was looking at a dummy phone with a printed screen image.  That's how good the HTC One X display is: it's difficult to distinguish it from quality printed material.  Other phones, you look at them and you may not consciously register them, but you can see the pixel effect. What I liked most about the screen was that it is one of the largest screens that was available when I bought it, but the device itself was not the largest: the bezel is so narrow that almost all the front side is display.  And the photos I could take with this baby!  Significantly better than my Bionic, even though the Bionic had good numbers for the camera.  Just, apparently, not great optics to match the big megapixels.  The touch screen interface was smooth and responsive.  So sensitive that occasionally, it would trigger just from my finger being close to the screen, not actually touching.  No biggy, though, because being so responsive, you could recover from a misfire by a really quick stab at the back button.I worked in a power plant for a few summers, and play in a rock band on occasion, so my ears aren't the best.  I'm told the Beats Audio is great; I can only say that it pumped out enough sound through the 3.5" jack to be able to drive my car's Aux input with no trouble.  Couple that great playback with Play Music or Pandora, and you're good to go.  Battery life is about what you'd expect from a smartphone with a huge, detailed display.  Since I have a desk job, it's no problem to plug in whenever I need to.  I think I've only run out of juice in that device once in the three months.And that brings me to the cons.  Only a few, but they're serious.  First, this device has a plethora of holes in the case.  It has to, to let the sound out, to let your voice in, to allow the insertion of a microSIM, a microUSB, and headphones.  I had the phone in the pockets of my shorts when I went out for a walk a couple months ago.  While still a couple miles from home, it started to rain lightly.  I should have sought shelter immediately, but as soon as I decided where I could go, it stopped raining.  So I continued walking instead.  And walked into an incredibly strong rainstorm.  I kept the phone in my pocket to keep as much water away from it as possible, but to no avail--moisture got inside the phone anyway.  But I wasn't aware it had, since the phone never stopped working, and there was no fog inside the display or anything.  My only indication was three days ago, when I picked up my phone and noticed a decidedly bluish tint covering the display.  The problem grew progressively worse as the week progressed, to the point that tomorrow I'm going to burn an upgrade and get a new phone.Now, yes, moisture and electronics are not a good mix, and it's not the device's fault that I had it with me in the rain.  But I've owned a smartphone for nearly three years, and regular cellphones for another 7, and I have never had a device fail on me like that.  I think most phones don't have nearly as many openings in the case for water to get in.  And I know that the Atrix HD comes with some sort of water resistant coating on the electronics, which makes me unhappy that HTC didn't do that with the One X.As responsive as the touch display is, I frequently had to fight with it to get the notification panel to pull down.  Maybe it's just because I have big fingers, but it was a repeating source of irritation.  Another frequent annoyance was the phone's penchant for rebooting itself in my pocket.  And finally, I mentioned the phone's audio.  I would be remiss if I didn't add that, when plugged into my car's Aux, if the music track got really quiet, the HOX was anything but!  It would squeal and sputter, and otherwise annoy the heck outta my son, who has pretty sensitive hearing.Now, all these cons might be directly attributable to the moisture damage I inflicted on the phone, so take them with a grain of salt but when I finally decided that trying to get my HOX repaired was a losing strategy, I went to my local phone store to replace it, and just couldn't bring myself to plunk down another $150 for a device that only lasted me 3 months on my first try.  I asked the clerk if he could advise me, and he sympathized with me, but ultimately sold me on a different phone for half the price.  I'm going to miss that One X--it was truly a Klassy Phone.  But when push came to shove, I had to push back.

I've been using the phone for 2 months. Quite often it reports that there is no SIM card in place and I cannot make calls. I pop the SIM card out, put it back in and it works again. But now after two months of use it reports no service and even popping the SIM card in and out again does not resolve it. Currently it's only good for Wi-Fi access and that's not worth a $300 phone to me.I'm pretty disappointed in this phone.

excellent, fast, accurate and very harmonious. I highly recommend it especially the 64 GB. if you need a good phone, buy this

takes a while to learn how to use it if you are coming from iphone, its definitely not faster than an iphone 5, the battery sucks but you can learn how to optimize the power, lasts me 12 hours.

I saw many review in YouTube about this cellphone and I decided to buy in amazon because I want an unlocked cellphone so I can use of any carrier. The cellphone came a day before estimated date, and open the package with AT&T box. I tied to find the pin  to open the SIM card slot but it was not there, and I used the needle to open, and I switched it on and works really good. And I didn't find the headset too, I sent email to seller and they were really good customer serVice, and they sent all the things I need. Thanks amazon, I recommend this seller. Thanks.

The HTC One X is the best phone that I have at moment, for me it's greater phone than Iphone. The resolution of screen is amazing, the dimensions and the weight is very low. I recommended this phone despite its low battery life.

I reeceived in Chile and start using inmediately. Works with all operators in Chile ( Movistar, Entel y Claro ).

The advertised sale image showed the top center label as HTC but the phone I got it says AT&T; no big deal and it is officially unlocked as the seller made that clear to me when I asked. So far, I like the phone with its built-in GPS and the Android operating system. I have installed a software program called XCSoar which will record and help me fly my glider cross country keeping me posted as to my where about's in X, Y, and height coordinates and many other benefits. The screen can be turned very bright which I will do; I need that bright screen in the sunlight I'll be flying in. So far, It appears that I'll be able to make out the screen in most sunlight conditions especially with the anti-glare cover I installed. I'm thinking of using the phone part too, should I landout and need to call for a retrieve. I still have yet to fly with it, so I'll be seeing how it works soon.One other feature, the WiFi feature allows me to do table top simulated flights using Condor on my PC; pretty nifty way to get used to using these things.

Pros: Beautiful display, fast performance after installing 1.29 firmware and setting force 2g gpu rendering, very nice camera, good battery life.Cons: Phone heats up to 45-50c under load with some reports going as high as 55-60c on suspected defective units. Frailty of the screen, there have been several reports of the screen shattering in addition to a youtube video illustrating a drop from pants pocket height can cause the screen to break if dropped at the right angle. Protrusion of the camera lens, resting your phone on any surface without having a case may lead to lens scratching due to the design and placement of the camera.Overall: Great phone and other than my fear of scratching my camera lens, I have absolutely no issues with this phone. :)

I bought this phone ONLY because it was supposed to be unlocked. The picture is misleading, because instead of HTC the phone has AT&T; logo in the front. The seller does not state this is an AT&T; unlocked phone.I live in Argentina and bought it while I was visiting the US. When I first received it, I sent it back because I thought they had made a mistake and sent an AT&T; phone instead of the one in the picture. They send another one exactly the same as the first one and said it was really unlocked even when AT&T; software was installed.While on the US I could not try the phone with my SIM because this phone uses MicroSIM and I had a bigger one on my previous phone.When I got home and tried my new MicroSIM on, I learnt it does not work, and it seems there is no solution.

this product has stopped working after 3 mths. its totally useless, needs to be exchanged or refunded. Amazon need to give quality product for value

I bought this phone for my sister and it's fantastic.Great graphics and features and the picture quality double wow. She likes it.

It gets 2 stars because of the camera, which is fantastic! My daughter has a Galaxy 4 and steals my phone to take pictures when we are together!I really liked this phone when I first got it, but 6 months later, I find myself in search of a new one. Have had nothing but problems from the start and was going to send it back, but chose to keep it because of the camera. I have repeatedly had problems receiving pictures and group texts from friends. I was able to fix this in the past by changing the APN settings, but now it doesn't do any good. The phone I got is branded ATT. I use it with T-Mobile, so perhaps that is the problem. But they should not advertize it as being unlocked if you can't use ALL features on other networks. Also, they should not have a picture of a true unlocked phone in their ad, only to send you one branded ATT. I am out $370 and will never buy a phone off Amazon again because of this deal. I honestly don't know how many of my problems are due to using T-Mobile and how many are the phone itself, but now the battery lasts half a day, so that is definitely the phone.Shutting it off is another problem. Well, not so much shutting it off. It's actually turning it back on! Half the time, it won't turn back on! I have read other reviews saying there seems to be a problem with the power button and people have had to have theirs replaced.Display settings are terrible also. you don't have an option of having your screen stay on all the time, so if you are doing something with your phone such as playing a game and not using it for 30 seconds, it turns off,then you have to swipe it back on, and my game freezes every time I do so. I gave this phone 5 stars when I first got it, because it seemed like a great one. Over the months, I realized it wasn't as it seemed.Blue tooth- I have onboard blue tooth in my car- or should I say cars. I had one car when I bought this phone. The dealer paired my phone with it for me and I loved it versus having the thing hanging off my ear. I took my car back the dealer several times because the blue tooth would connect all right one time, but not the next. I swore it was the car's blue tooth malfunctioning! Well, 2 weeks ago, I traded that car in for a brand new one, and low and behold, the blue tooth is doing the same thing! These are 2 different makes of cars, so i doubt very much it is the cars! Just one more malfunction I have found with this phone. VERY DISAPPOINTED!I am very easy on my phones by the way. I have a very good protective case and screen protector on it, and have always been very careful not to drop it. Seeing how many people treat their phones, I don't know how it would last those people! BEWARE! Don't buy it!

I purchased the phone about a month ago and to date have no regrets...strongly recommend it! Its value for money!

I requested for HTC One X and he sent HTC One S. I like it though.That's why I didn't return it.

It was a pleasure using the HTC One X! reasonable price, great performance and I actually miss the phone a bit.

CAMERA MALFUNCTION

This is the best android phone so far I mean you can compare this with the S3 but for the price you will notice that this is the deal you should get! Ive got the phone on time and I contacted the seller twice with a promptly response from wireless experts. Great cst service. I oredered two phones one for me and one for my Dad we are actually using those phones at Guatemala so even though this aint the international version they have the most common 3G frequences. The people who are complaining about they didnt get the international version... cmon you should make your whole research and see that it clearly states that this Phone has a DUAL CORE 1.5 ghz proccessor which means that it is not the international version and believe me you wont notice the difference although the games run a little bit clearly talking about the screen resolution with the quad core version but for me that is not so important since the games run perfectly and smoothly on this one. This phone is way better than the overpriced Iphone 5 thats for sure. Ive taken my dad out from the Blackberry world and he is enjoying this phone as much as I wanted and that makes me feel happy. The best two things about it: SCREEN AND SOUND. +10 for HTC!

I am in absolute love with this phone and the touch screen features are superb. The battery life is not as bad as said by some people for a phone of this nature

originally, i thought this phone was great, but after using it for a few months, it is not. ever since the last update, which was over 1 month late like most of them have been, my wifi is dropping and giving weak signal when it actually connects. i thought that because they put Beats Audio EQ settings on this for extra bass, that they would put good hardware as well. that is not the case. music sounds terrible on my expensive earphones. i hoped that i could record videos of DJs and have decent quality, but the sound in the videos is terrible and has no bass at all. i will never buy another Android phone by anyone but Google. i don't care who makes the Nexus, at least it will get updates and run the proper version of Android. Apple doesn't let everyone else make iOS phones, so i don't think Google should. in the meantime, the Cowon J3 is my music player now, and the Canon M500 with a Rode Stereo Videomic Pro will be the camcorder. i just hope i can get at least $200 for this when i sell it. the only reason this gets 3 starts is because some people may actually like Nvidia graphics, taking pictures, quad core, and the screen. the screen is definitely the best feature. the only reason i'm not selling this now and buying last year's Nexus is because that's not very smart.

&#1069;&#1090;&#1086; &#1086;&#1095;&#1077;&#1085;&#1100; &#1082;&#1083;&#1072;&#1089;&#1089;&#1085;&#1099;&#1081; &#1089;&#1084;&#1072;&#1088;&#1090;&#1092;&#1086;&#1085; &#1085;&#1072; &#1089;&#1077;&#1075;&#1086;&#1076;&#1085;&#1103;&#1096;&#1085;&#1080;&#1081; &#1076;&#1077;&#1085;&#1100;! &#1056;&#1072;&#1079;&#1091;&#1084;&#1077;&#1077;&#1090;&#1089;&#1103; &#1076;&#1086; HTC Butterfly! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

Wait for a tegra 3 phone with a memory card and battery.. this is a bad investment since there is no flexibility or longevity..

The design is excellent, the best screen you can find, has NFC, very light, powerful. I&#8217;m very happy with this phone. In my case the only thing is that it came without the sim extractor then I have to use a clip.

Is a good product the items work very goo i like it this oneSo i recomend this phone good product

The phone I got was nice but the box didn't had any headset. I don't know whether it was supposed to come with a headset or not.

Totally dissppointed....This phone was not unlocked. I tried contacting the supplier who wasn't much help at all.

one of the phone will not start, has damaged the power button and front camera is damaged compared to the other phone I feel cheated, these phones do not seem new

I ordered the HTC One X with Beats Audio Unlocked GSM Android SmartPhone - (Grey) on 7th July and after anxiously waiting for it for 4 days I received it on 10th July. Well, I received the wrong phone. I ordered for the US version. The Tech details showed the US specs, the online invoice showed exactly what I ordered.HTC One X with Beats Audio Unlocked GSM Android SmartPhone - (Grey)But to my surprise when I opened the box it had the international version in the box. Now another surprising part was that the printed invoice inside the box had a completely different description to the online invoice. It had the description of the international version.What I dont know is whos fault is it ? Amazon OR The seller?I dont care who's fault it is. Its going back.

I found this to be a very good product and it met nearly all my expectation. However I was expecting the international version and so I returned it after just over one week of trial usage.  The service from Wireless world was excellent and reassuring.

This phone is okay. It hangs up at times and annoys me but on a regular day it works well. There is also an issues where the sim card should be, that area is loose so ever so often I have to be taking out the sim card and replacing it. The makers of this phone need to look into that. Presently I have to slip in a piece of paper to hold the sim card in perfectly.

This droid is the embodiment of proof tht the droid platform is crap and can perform about as good as a blind man picking out a magazine from a rack.Had this phone for seriously 7 days before I returned it.. Complete garbage. It's suppose to have better internal parts than the iPhone 4s yet the 4s out performs it.. Don't let those people who compare the two fool you. If two objects cars/computers/phones. one has superior parts but the other one performs just as good the. It's obvious that the one with "superior" parts is garbage just like this phone!

I feel robbed, this phone I got it bad, never caught, I had to send to TEXAS HTC and paid to that are charging me $ 235 for a repair that I don't have to pay, because you I had to replace my equipment, very disappointed with the purchase never again to buy mobile phones in this way...

I recommend it to everyone looking for qualityis very easy to handleno duden en comprarloI am very happy with the phone

If you don't mind an AT&T phone then buy it. However, this is not the international factory unlocked version. So, long story short, the description is wrong.

I ordered an unlocked international version of the HTC One X. Tablet Distributors sent an unlocked One X that had a AT&T software build. The phone had a AT&T boot up screen and was full of  preinstalled apps from this carrier. Be careful!!!!

The sim card sloth is to big to hold the type of sim card use in Trinidad and Tobago. Only get the charger , in Trinidad when you purchase a phone you get head phones and other accessories,did not get any.

i like this phone a lot when compared with my old htc desire z. it has a much higher screen resolution, a much bigger screen and much higher pixel density. the size of the phone is more reasonable when compared with galaxy note and the material feels more "solid". the touch input of my htc one x is much faster and i wonder if its the setting or its just simply faster?only one concern, the camera of the phone seems easier to scratch. other than that i think its a very nice phone.

i purchased a one x 16 gb unlocked and NEW cellphone but unfortunatelly Esbe sold me a USED AT&T CELLPHONE without earphones.In addition to that charger doesnt belong to htc. it is for lg.

Fare price for that cool cell and arrived on time.Its so cool when you dont know who the vendor is but  can trust him according to others expiriance...i recommend,

this is pathetic, I ordered an unlocked phone and got an AT & T phone when purchased. is not what you ordered, sorry the truth, beware

This was what I have expected from the a smart phone. I have no problems with it.An awesome phone.

One week playing and using it in full, 3G/4G, Bluetooth with beats phones, photos, video conference, gaming. This phone is amazing, the battery can hold all day with my stuff running.I was planning my meeting while listening to music, and taking photos of a session. No wonder the fastest device until now.

Hi,I had ordered for HTC One X. But the item I received is an AT&T; Phone and not the original one.It has printed AT&T; on the front of phone and ofcource the AT&T; stuff will be inside.It is just an unlocked AT&T; phone and not the original HTC one X. This is not the item I orderd and hence I returned it.The wrong information provided on amazon. The item is completely different from the product I ordered.Now I have returned the product to seller but now the seller is not refunding my money.They are not picking phone or replying to emails.

i chose this rating because this is the best phone i have ever own very clear screen best camera on a phone i have had. i would recommend this phone to any person its a good phone.

The phone is great but I had many issues that even I solve them with the seller I think it could be better

I ordered 2 phones from them,one used, one refurbished. They came pretty fast, 3 days, thumbs up for that. Phones are as described, used one is in decent condition, refurbished is like new. Didn't manage to test them, but I'm sure they are ok.

The phone add said it was unlocked but it was an AT&T phone that was incompatible with my carrier (Verizon).

the htc one x is a splendid fone by all standards and only bows to the samsung galaxy s3(my phone). i however was not informed that the phone was branded by vodafone and was not factory unlocked as advertise(in encoded words). all in all im giving it four stars. loving the hardware. sellers should however provide more info. others may not want the branding.

I dislike the memory storage which is pretty poor for HD smartphone.unfortunately I was mislead by comparisons between Samung S3 vs HTC One X(by amazon) that related 32 GB to HTC ,and my device was delivered with 16 GB.

to give tests to the terminal, and putting on Antutu Benchmark the computer is a HTC one XL, not Nvidia Tegra 3 processor .. is a Dual Core 1.5

All features are working perfectly except the volume. Not getting the complete volume in the phone. That's why I gave less rating.

The phone would have been nice had it been unlocked.  This was my second attempt at purchasing an unlocked cellphone through Amazon.  I had even phoned Amazon to verify it was definitely unlocked but to my surprise after receiving it, it was not an unlocked phone.

i selected this rating because my product is 100% original and quality.i have nothin' more to say about this product and i recommend this product everybody. regards

I have been using the HTC One X since 2012 and this is the best phone I have owned so far.  I travel for work and the screen is large enough to make answering emails quick and easy but not so large that you can barely hold it.  The call quality is good from both ends.  When my white HTC One X phone died a couple months ago I was faced with purchasing a new phone, in comparing reviews I did not see how the newer phones were really worth the upgraded costs so I went and re-purchased the One X.  The only negative I can say about the phone is there are manufacturing issues where the SIM card slot is not cut correctly and I had to replace my original One X under warranty as well as the replacement one I purchased (luckily it was still under warranty for a couple months so I did not try going to the seller for a replacement AT&T handled it for me, if you use another phone service provider this might not work for you and you would have to go back to the seller).  The newer model of the phone offers more storage space than my original (but i only had to clean up photos once or twice in almost 2 years and i have a lot of music) which is nice and it has gorilla glass so a screen cover is not required but nice to reduce some glare if that bothers you.  Both times the replacement phone worked fine.  I hope to keep this phone for at least another 2 years and then upgrade to something newer.

Great cellphone! The processor is very fast, don't need to wait so long for nothing. The display is amazing, although, it comsumes too much battery. The camera is very good for a mobile but it have it's issues, the image stabilization and the color fidelity are not the best but it is acceptable. I wish the battery could last longer. Overall this is a great buy compared with the market.

I was still with T-Mobile when I bought the phone; as other reviewers noted it doesn't "like" TM :).I had voice service but no web service  at all( I already knew I'm not going to have 3G with T-Mobile because of treir 1700/2100 bands).Again, as mentioned in other posts you need to find a special version micro sim card in order to have a data service on TM.Thanks for readingEdit(12/29/2012)a week or so ago it was time for a wireless upgrade for my UNLOCKED!!!!! HTC ONE X (from ICS to the new Android system - the Jelly Bean ). I was asked for the phone CID number. IF THE PHONE WAS unlocked I should have been able to do the upgrade..........ooopppss my phone's CID is T-MOB101......NOT even close of being unlocked!! Already filed a complaint with Amazon and will file another complaint with the state!!! Bad experience! Avoid TRD-Trading GmbH (Global Mobiles)!

excellent very good fast phone camera in their design applications in handling and storage is very good i like the phone I recommend

This has been the best cell phone I've ever had.  Everywhere I look it has a positive mark: memory, cpu (first class), camera, size, weight, network,etc...  Many would say that an 8 Mpixel camera is not enough, but you should see the functions it has.  Wow!!  no more faulty photos.  If I can't get great looking pictures it means I'm not using the right features.  As for speed, it's so fast that you get spoiled and when using other cell phones you expect the same.  I would definitely recommend one.  I suggest not to show it right away to your wife though.  I bought an iPhone for my wife a couple of months ago and now she wants this HTC !

This is a great phone. It has a powerful processor and excellent build quality. Android 4.0 is nice as well and so is HTC's sense UI. The problem I've had is that there are numerous connectivity issues. The phone wouldn't connect to bluetooth, wifi or even my cellular network from time to time.  It sporadically lost all connection. I had to do 2 hard resets in 4 days just to get the phone to work. Ive never had to do that with my iPhone.  I ended up returning it and am now waiting for the galaxy s3 to be released on at&t.  If you get a working phone, you can't go wrong with this buy. But if you get a buggy one, it will be annoying.

Solo un contra y es la bateria.. lo demas de 10 ! una tremenda camara, gran velocidad y la pantalla perfecta

Hello folks,So smart is the advertising that you have to have good perceptive skills to read "between the lines". Take a good look at all the images for the HTC OneX. You will notice that the first 6 images display the international version while the last image is an at&t; version. I will be returning mine.

Awesome phone for the price. It meets all my needs! For anyone that doesn't have to have the latest and greatest this is the phone you want to get.

No SD slot, can't change the battery and no 1700MHz  - epic fail. Might as well join the sheep and buy a (Cr)Apple.

I don't know if the battery trouble it's because of the brand or what but it took me about 6 hours to turned the phone on because of its battery, after that it finally works fine. I'm happy with it!

did not get beats by dre headphone ... at&t branding , other than that i love the phone , great quality , looks good , feels good ...

I bought two celphones and the two presents problems with the screen. I am typing and the screen flashes quickly

I love the camera. That's the main reason I bought it because the reviews said it had a great camera. I was not disappointed. everything else works pretty good too.

I got my one x yesterday. Been looking for a new phone since April. I considered the Sony Xperia S - has the best camera and a great screen but still no ics, thick, buttons are hard to press.  I also waited for the Samsung s 3 which is also a great phone but it was a lot pricier and certainly looked cheaper!  This is my first htc phone.  I have used Sony, Samsung, Nokia and blackberry.So, initial impressions were not great.  Unboxing is part of the experience and the one x comes in a cheap box with cheap earphones.  It also took some time to get wifi to work - not exactly idiot proof.  Software had to be updated twice and one trap many owners fall into (including myself!) is doing the update with the phone attached to a charger - the phone never reboots! Again, I thought htc could have done a better job ensuring a smoother experience.After that it did get better.  First, the phone just feels very very good in the hand.  The polycarbonate material just feels GOOD.  the weight is also just nice - surprisingly light for a phone this size, yet not too light.  The screen is as beautiful as the reviewers claim.  I use the new iPad (am writing this review on it) so I've gotten used to a super sharp screen.  The one x doesn't disappoint - really nice, sharp, natural colors. The curve of the screen also adds to the immersiveness of whole experience. The other thing that stands out is the sheer speed of this phone.  Everything works instantly and smoothly - apps, web pages, videos - EVERYTHING. that tegra 3 chip does live up to its reputation.  Finally, I love the 32 gb of phone memory - more than enough for lots and lots of apps and music.The keyboard is excellent too.  I am a big fan of gesture input -  the version on this is easy to use. Typing is faster on this than on the Blackberry 9900 (which to me, is the gold standard).  Sound quality is decent but not fantastic (am referring to voice - I haven't played any music on it yet). Battery is probably its biggest weakness. The battery drains quickly, even with brightness set at 30-40% and not very intensive usage.  I've done all the software updates but it hasnt improved.  It isn't a big issue for me since I'm used to carrying portable chargers with me (if you own a blackberry 9900, you will understand why!) but I'm guessing it could be unpleasant for the phone to die in the middle of dinner at a nice restaurant.Finally, the camera is fast and the big screen makes for easy composition.  In terms of quality, it seems consistent with other 8 megapixel cameras from the previous generation.Overall, it is a fast and beautiful phone at an attractive price. It could come in a nicer package and the battery will not last through some days but hey, beauty never comes without some flaws!

Purchased using since beginning of January 2013.  This is my first smartphone.  Display has outstanding clarity, pictures taken with camera are better than everybody else's phone cameras. Enjoying using it! Glad I bought it!

The single greatest phone I have ever purchased. Definitely the most gorgeous display of any device out there. The Tegra 3 processor is extremely fast and the battery life is fantastic.The camera is the best on the market due to its awesome shutter time, Instagram like filters, dedicated imaging processor, and the ability to record video and take pictures at the same time. Sense 4.0 is a breath of fresh air compared to previous iterations, and it perfectly accentuates Android 4.0 (ICS) raher than replace it. All in all this is an amazing device that anyone could fall in love with.

i dont want to this telephone because you cheat me it is different model from htc one x because. htc one x has quad core and 32 gb and not at and t

Although the phone performs the functions. It is evident that is rebuilt for sale, as it brought a universal headset. The seller provides a new computer without operator banner and receive the equipment belongs to the operator at & t. If the seller was honest in the product you sell not you rate low.

Hello,I bought this phone and it is amazing...but I dropped to the floor (1m from it) and the entire glass has broken!! I am in Brazil and here we don't have HTC...I want to ask, Can I use the warranty?If not, how can I fix it? The touch is working, just need the glass...Can I buy from you another glass?Thanks

I ordered up and paid a hefty fee for what was advertised as an unlocked international version of the HTC One X. Global Mobiles sent me an unlocked One X that had a T-Mobile Germany software build. The phone had a T-Mobile boot up screen and was full of T-Mobile crapware in German. If you are selling a real unlocked international HTC One X then it shouldn't have any carrier branding whatsoever. Luckily enough I flashed a custom rom shortly after but it was quite annoying to not receive what I paid (proabably too much) for.

Best phone I have had. It can do everything and fast - wich is the most important feture for me, becourse of severe impatient phone use. Cam is super fast - no waiting time like all else w/ this wonder.

I bought this phone couple weeks ago, thought I was getting a good deal until I took d phone home. This phone was advertised as "unlocked" however upon inserting my sim card it prompted me that I had to get d phone unlock. Now I hve to pay extra to unlock dis AT& T branded phone. I would appreciate if d truth be advertise for consumers. I work hard for my money and I was deceived n con by d seller. Like I said planning to take d phone internationally think twice about buying!Signed,Very disgruntled customer!

I have this phone, purchased it in December 2013. Mine is the Dual-Core version. Its performance drives me crazy, it lags, When I return to the main menu, a circle appears rolling as if loading the menu. I tried to upgrade its software version and the ROM to Jelly Bean (as it comes with Ice Cream Sandwich) but the bootloader is outdated so it doesn't allow me to.I contacted HTC directly so they help me to upgrade the bootloader and they said they couldn't help me because it was risky.The battery performance isn't the best. I have to charge it about two three times A DAY! Annoying!I am decided to sell this phone and purchase a better one, a Sony Xperia Z1 maybe as it is my first option.If you desire to buy this phone in Amazon, try it to be the Quad-Core version or if you have a bit more money get the HTC ONE X+ (plus).

The phone that they send to you not correspond to the image that they show, the phone image is for the international version and they deliver the at&t; version, that is not the same.International versionQuad coreAT&T;Dual coreI am really dissapoint for this cheatting, I hope that you replace this item.

Don't buy it!!!!! I bought in the US to take it to my home country and there I couldn't use it. Now with somone that knows more than me I discovered that is an AT&T one and I can not return it because of the date!!!

With the exception of an obvious manufacturing defect this is a great phone. I compared it with the Galaxy s3 and the Galaxy Note and decided that this was the best for my money as it is a better value than the s3 and I chose this over the Note due to the quad core proceser, with the idea that it will probably have a longer useful life when it comes time to upgrade to future versions of Android.However, the  reason for the poor rating is that the wifi reception is so weak that it is practically unusable. While my iPad can catch the wifi signal all around the house, the One X can only seem to hold a connection when I am actually in my office, which is a deal breaker for me since I have a fairly low cap on my data plan (I don't live in the U.S. - hence the international unlocked phone) and so I had planned to take advantage of wifi whenever possible.I have sent mine back for an exchange and will update my score after I have a chance to review the new one.

Espectacular cien por ciento recomendado, solo un detalle no me di cuenta que es de AT&T y espero con ansias la actualizacion a JellyBean

This is a very nice, fast, thin phone with a beautiful screen.  And it has 4G LTE for great download speeds.  But beware if purchasing the phone from the Hillside Deals vendor.  My phone was networked locked to AT&T and I couldn't use a T-mobile SIM card.  I had to purchase an unlock code online in order to use the phone on T-mobile.  This phone was not unlocked as advertised.

Not happy .. to tell you the truth the headphone slot have not worked since day one as I tried to use my aux in the car. I really thought I had to get a different kind so I waited for the next time i stop at the store .. big mistake to wait than unfortunately I dropped my phone one day n it had a crack on the same side as the aux input .. well then I remembered I had gotten a headphone with this phone and tried that and guess what that did not work either ... My bad luck is that I have use a phone where I cannot listen my music with a headphone as the port is not working .. I know no one would believe my story n i am stuck with this HTC :(

The HTC One X has the biggest screen of any phone I've owned so far (iPhone, Samsung smartphones, etc).  The screen is a high resolution beauty and the screen seems to be tough as nails.  I've carried the phone in my pocket for six months and not a scratch. A few weeks ago ATT finally rolled out the Jelly Bean update that the phone is even better with the UI becoming much smoother and the few problems with HTC Sense crashing seem to have been fixed. All the apps I've installed run great.  The camera is decent in lighted spaces and the built in flash is handy. The touch buttons at the bottom of the screen are easier to use than physical buttons like the iPhones have.Some things I would like to see improved:  Camera low-light performance is horrible.  In warm-lighted rooms everything becomes orange and the built-in lighting correction does very little. The battery life is poor compared to an iPhone. The external speaker is hard to hear and the Beats audio seems little more than a branding gimmick. The Beats audio on my HP notebook is a noticeable improvement.  On this phone it seems less than worthless.Overall I've been very impressed with this phone. The screen alone makes it awesome to use.=========================10=Good, 1=Bad=========================Browsing 7Gaming 8Reading 8Productivity/Work 5Battery Life 4Adapters 8Connectivity 5Video Playback 6Wifi Performance 6CPU/UI Speed 8Camera 4Reception 8=========================Overall = 6.4=========================

good phone, i like it very much, and the price for that great phone is ok. you should buy it

I have nothing but kind things to say about this phone. The design is flawless in my humble opinion. It feels great in the hand. Smooth to the touch and, fits perfectly in my hands. The screen is bright, vibrant and, gorgeous. The S4 processor is zippy and quite smooth. Camera functions just as i imagined from watching video reviews. The lack of SD card slot and removable batteries are inconsequential to me. I knew what i was getting into before the purchase. To augment that, I already have a 10,000 mah portable battery. Music, videos and, photos are stored in the cloud. The memory one the phone is more than adequate. I can't think of a flaw personally but, that's just my opinion. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a new phone. 5 stars all the way

i brought an htc one x with beats audio as NEW and the cellphone was sent to me obiusly is USED, the battery isnt work right, the microphone to speake without speaker is not RIGHT im very disappoint with this item. i pride for your feeding back very quick to accept the fail.

I want to know if the cellphone do not come with the earphone because its a very expensive cellphone? If no would you mind to give me an HTC earphone thanks this cellphone is amazing.if you can't give me how much it cost to buy one.
