
very expensive phone for so simple a such a need , purchase 9300 or more simple BB and safe money, this phone don't have any special!!

THE PHONE IS BEATENELEGI QUALIFICATION FOR THIS TEAM BEATEN AND SOY DE VENEZUELA AND I CAN NOT RETURN FOR ECONOMIC REASONS.NOT LIKE ME BECAUSE THE PROBLEM WITH WINE PULSOR.DO NOT RECOMMEND

I received 2 of these phones brand new not a scratch with the original holster and headset. It's a great phone, very light and fast when you upgrade to OS 7.1, I would definitely buy again and I recommend this seller.

nice

Me llego el producto completo, tal como lo describe el vendedor y la entrega se realizo en el tiempo acordado. Lo recomiendo

received the computer without battery, without headphones apart the phone is not released and is a problem to use the networks, I use the phone only to take pictures and alarm, it's a shame that after I trust you to be the hit, I demand a solution

Good guys shipped 2 devices and they arrived promptly, The devices were in a shrink wrapped with all labels as expected, what I found odd is plastic packaging inside holding the device was different color, one of the batteries was not in plastic and accessories were not packaged same.Now to the bad part. The devices booted up and I immediately went on to check life timer to find out that each device was used for thousands of hours and devices are likely refurbished.When activating the devices on ATT network, ATT has not recognized the IMEI numbers although that is possible since the devices were not designated for ATT and not in the database.All in all, if I would have wanted a refurbished unit, I would have ordered one and would have saved $20 or more per unit.

Had constantly poor connection issues, using for AT&T could only get on the edge network. I ordered the same model 3g phone from AT&T and works great on the 3 g network. will keep this one for use in europe or other quad band areas as back up.

phone has some hearing issues can't use frequently for a long calls

Excelente tel&eacute;fono, funciona perfectamente 3G para Movilnet y Movistar en Venezuela, sencillo, c&oacute;modo, f&aacute;cil de utilizar, bastante aceptable. Recomendado 100%,

am very satisfied with the service provided and the excellent conditions in which the equipment is mid cell. recomendre your service to my relatives

el telefono me vino defectuoso trajo 2 ploblemas uno q el sensor de pega y el otro q la menbrana esta mala!!!

The material used to build this phone is cheap and substandard. It feels cheap to hold this phone and make a call. I would not spend any money on this phone. The picture is misleading.

Do not buy products from Cell Lounge. If it happens to be defective they come up with all kinds of reasons not to replace them.I bought this BlackBerry in June 2013 and the screen came off after a month or so. I am still fighting them to get it replaced. It has been over 4 months without the product for which I paid.

I bought BB 9360 to use in Argentina with Movistar and this particular unit that I've received dosn't work with the 3G bands of Argentina, only works in 2G.The product descripction wasn't accurate, because  I received a phone with different conditions. Now for me is impossible to return it because I'm in Buenos Aires Argentina.

POOR PRODUCT NOT RECOMMENDEDPOOR PPOPOOR PRODUCT NOT RECOMMENDEDPOOR PRODUCT NOT RECOMMENDEDPOOR PRODUCT NOT RECOMMENDEDOR PRODUCT NOT RECOMMENDEDRODUCT NOT RECOMMENDED

Good afternoon, Yours faithfully, unfortunately the phone purchased in his shop turned out defective, the trackball is too sensitive to touch and is almost impossible to get in applications since it begins to rise just touch it, it is impossible to write with, besides the charger is very old model, does not come to serve as independent as usb charger at once. really disappointed me a lot to have received the phone in that state. Unfortunately I will publish before returning to make a purchase, I and my acquaintances evitare where possible q is in your store, because the truth is that before had bought two phones at other stores and had no complaints.

Everything is good and new, the box includes: 1 bb 9360, battery, earphones, 1 piece charger and a nice leather case with the blackberry logo on it BUT there is not USB cable!!! That's why i'm giving only 3 stars........ Todo esta bien y nuevo, la caja incluye: 1 bb 9360, bater&iacute;a, aud&iacute;fonos, cargador de una sola pieza y un bonito forro de cuero com el logo de blackberry en el PERO no hay cable USB!!! Por eso es que doy solamente 3 estrellas.....

Well, after 10 months of use the trackpad is damaged, i won't reccomend this cellphone. Also please check this works only for US bands, this phone doesn't work for Digitel Carrier in Venezuela (At least on 3G).

Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked Quad-Band 3G GSM Phone with 5MP Camera... BlackBerryCompletamente Satisfecho enviaron los articulos bajo mis requerimientosFuncionando en movistar Venezuela

EXCELLENT

I already own this model and it has been working good so I decided to buy one for my wife because She was having troubles with another Brand. As other products from Amazon ... no regrets !!!

Muy bueno el tel&eacute;fono, c&oacute;modo, vers&aacute;til y liberado para movistar y movilnet. Lo recomiendo para personas empresarias en el mundo de las ventas, ya,  que va de la mano con las exigencias del d&iacute;a a dia.

The phone is refurbished, presented glue on your motherboard and incorrect serial and the button is stuck on or off

The blackberry curve was not unlocked as advertised. I had to take it to a technician to have it unlocked at an additional cost to me.

very bad condition waste of money never buy it.it was a gift for my mom she cannoy use it.bad choice

cumple con las especificaciones y asi debe ser muy muy muy bueno muy muy muy bueno muy muy muy bueno muy muy muy bueno

the phone went bad and gave me nadien response to changing product, the cell turned off at any time and the battery lasted not charging, bad experiencxia with the product and seller

Excelente

Hola. Soy de Venezuela, el producto llego sin detalles y tal y como lo describe el vendedor. Est&aacute; siendo usado con la telefon&iacute;a Movilnety funciona muy bien. Solo que el producto solo muestra en los tipos de redes las opciones GSM y 3G.

This phone met our requirements. Not too expensive but keeping the functions that we were looking for. It work perfectly and responds very fast.

Excellent product, I come near in perfect conditions and in the indicated date. The equipment is new not reconstructed not used. I me work perfectly here in venezuela with digitel and movistar. in movistar raises 3g. His software is rapid. The only one detail is that the additional pieces become in small stone. I recommend the seller 100 % since it was responsible with the sale and the sending of the product

I love my BB. It came quickly.However it was not a brand new phone. There was one text message in Spanish and one call made which was in the call log. Other than that it's in great condition

very good quality, no differences between photos and espesificaciones and the product that arrived in my hands, very well packedwonder how everything is brand new and sealed in separate packages, simply grab the signal and ignition set,

the phone does not serve the charging plug and the microphone does not listen when you talk, came fast but it does not.

Nice phone

One of the best phone experiences I've ever had I hope this is an encouragement to all you customers out there who hesitate to purchase from this site

Hi Good day, the product was new and in perfect working order is expected, 100% recommended. Best Regards and Many Thanks.

excelente la compra de este equipo muy bueno lo recomiendo para futuras compras lego tal y cual como se esperaba

exelentes condiciones el tlfn funciona aqui en venezuela perfectamente movilnet y movistar gracias me llego todo bien sin problemas recomendado

exelentes estos celulares blackberry me gustan, los venden a buen precio recomiendo el producto y al vendedor muy responsable y atento

disfrutanto every day with my phone I had asked to sell it but I loved it so much ... I preferred to stay with a suggestion to the seller send the invoice with the product .. otherwise excellent.

wish it had never been ordered.  cheep non-conforming peace of garbage that is way overpriced not for me.  can i return it?

RECOMIENDO EL TELEFONO, AQUI EN VENEZUELA AGARRA 3G, ME PARECE BELLO TELF, DELGADITO, LAS FOTOS QUEDAN BONITAS, FUNCIONA EL WIFI BIEN, RECOMIENDO LA TIENDA, CUMPLIO CON LA FECHA ESTIPULADA DE ENVIO, ME PARECE EXCELENTE

not bad. after 2 weeks corner of the screen unstick. had to buy replacement housing for it. other wise no problems with the phone.

The appearance is good and it is really thin.The price drop off very quickly since I bought it and the Blackberry Map doesn't work in my phone.

It's not a refurb phone! its NEW! i was very worried about getting a refurb one like other sellers do, but everything went great.

My co-workers tell me constantly that Blackberry does not hold a position in the upper echalon of cell phone society, but I am ok with that. My Blackberry Curve (purchased from my cellular provider), was dropped from the top of a ten foot ladder close to forty times onto a concrete floor (no case and &#34;no, not intentionally&#34;), and it still kept going... not even a cracked screen. So when my husband who works in construction was ready to make the move to a smartphone, Blackberry seemed the logical choice. Lightning speed, an impressive list of apps, and cool video games didn't make the short list, but durability was key. His Blackberry Curve 9360 (also purchased from our cellular provider), served him well for two years. When it finally gave up the ghost (mine is still plugging away!), he opted for a replacement rather than learning a new phone - the only problem was that our provider no longer had a contract with Blackberry: we had to purchase an unlocked phone elsewhere. So I puchased this one.The phrase in the header &#34;No Warranty&#34; should have been a red flag, but my experience with Blackberry over more than 5 years dissuaded me. After only three months, this phone developed issues. It locked up to the point that either the trackpad would work but not the keys or vice-versa. We attempted powering down, hard reboot, utilizing Blackberry Desktop Manager software, and a reset to factory default settings... no joy. Off to our cellular provider we went and my husband is now learning a new phone.Some may think that three stars for a phone that only worked three months is a bit generous, but I am taking into consideration Blackberry's track record, my extreme loyalty to Blackberry, and the fact that my husband is VERY tough on phones! Before his move to a smartphone, he was going through about two flip phones each year. This Curve 9360 appears to have fixed itself as now everything seems to be working again: it is, however, off-network so I cannot confirm this. I will keep it charged and hang on to it just in case mine goes &#34;wonky&#34; then I will know for sure.One thing I would like to mention: while trying to breathe life back into this phone by pulling the back cover, battery, sim, and SD card, then replacing them, I did notice that it was a bit &#34;squeaky&#34; and &#34;clicky&#34; meaning: it didn't fit together as solid as my phone from my cellular provider - there was more &#34;play&#34; in how it all fit together - mine fit tightly with no clicks or squeaks.My bottom line? I am a loyal fan of Blackberry, but the phrase &#34;No Warranty&#34; should probably play into your decision if you are considering this item for purchase.

The phone looks great and works just fine. however RIM did a very poor job on the build quality. I purchased it in January 2012 and by July the rubber around the phone got soft!! the buttons on the right side for controlling volume and scroll, and the one on the left to select camera DISAPPEARED!! the rubber got flat and I can't use the buttons. If you try using your finger nail you'll cut the rubber. The silver coating to the side is scaling, the case left an imprint on the edge of the glass.It is very wrong, I think, of RIM to use such inferior materials to construct this phone!! I know it's inferior material because I took good care of this phone. had it in a case, didn't drop it to many times. I want to replace it after less than a year because of the build quality!! I can't recommend this phone to anybody.

They sold me a phone that at 5 days left to charge my surprise was that hurt the charging port and it turns out that I take to check my coach and I notice that the phone is repaired before, and bought the phone as a new article, it really is a hoax

BUENAS TARDES QUISIERA SABER SI ESTE CELULAR FUNCIONA CON 3G PARA DIGITEL EN VENEZUELA? ANTES DE COMPRARLO NECESITO ESTAR SEGURA QUE VA A FUNCIONAR CON 3G EN DIGITEL

The item was broken

Great phone. This phone is perfect for my ten year old. She loves the phone and I don't need to buy a data plan from AT&T for her to use the phone. Just a normal phone with texting.

arrived in perfect condition very good phone with all accessories like recommend me love the phone works well very good camera look good nice photos, etc ...

estoy muy conforme con el telefono, es hermoso, funciona muy bien, la se&ntilde;al es buenisima en digitel 3G, y navega rapido en internet.. sin embargo debo decir que el pedido llego un poco tarde de la fecha indicada y el vendedor no me envio los auriculares.

La compra se efectuo en buenos terminos y el prlducto llego em la fecha indicada por el vendedor, una duda con la que me quedo es que aqui en Venezuela no levanta 3g con movistar y/o movilnet, creo recordar al momneto de comprar decia frecuencia 1900 pues el blackberry enviado no viene en esa frecuencia.

ES EXCELENTE FUNCIONA MUY BIEN.... EXCELENTE VENDEDOR LO RECOMIENDO. EL TELEFONO ME HA FUNCIONADO MUY BIEN CON LA LINEA MOVILNET

phone in bad conditions...

its really genuine no software problems and works great for me and really enjoying it slim design and it fit nicely into a bag pr pocket

I Buy this article and that said 9360 and 9370 came a which does not work on 3g here in Venezuela, and is CDMA, GSM only works on EDGE. that bad.

I do not dare to recommend to venderdor due to BID for a new phone, and is used, case phone had the espeficicaciones the same team that came within data like IMEI - PIN - BT MAC needed to register the phone in my country .. Thanks for the declining purchasing

The phone was not new.  And the case was not fixing in the phone as it should. I returned it.

Bought this in August 2013.  Had to replace the track pad in December 2013  it ramdonly reboots and corrupts memory card. In April 2014 started shutting down every few minutes took it to get a battery andd was told that the mother board had gone bad and that it was not a genuine blackberry and was probably refurbished.  Very disappointed

This unlocked phone was a good buy on Amazon but unless you are a real blackberry fan and like their keyboard you should look elsewhere.  Once you have gotten used to touch screens, this one is no fun.  If all you want to do is talk and text and can live with the keyboard it is an excellent phone but it most certainly is no competition for the latest smartphones.

good afternoon, what a disappointment with the purchase of my first tlf buy a product (blackberry 9360 phone) and wine damaged the equipment load unit would not recommend this shop to buy who he answers to me for my purchasehasta los momentos la tiend no se ha responsabilizado por mi compra se&ntilde;ores de venezuela le recomiendo no hecer compra en esta tienda y menos equipos moviles (celulares)

i bought it with some kind of a doubt but once in my hands everythinf ran just ok, works perfectly on movistar here in venezuelan, also in movilnet

El Celular no vino bueno, tengo problema con el software, siempre da errror y hay q reiniciar todo. :-(The Cell did not come good, I have problems with the software, and there always gives errror q reset everything. :-(

Good phone and works excelent in Venezuela whit any carrier, i've owned the phone for over a year and still works fine

I liked it very much , it fit my spectations. For the time been i have no thing bad to say about it

Dear Sirs.I did receive this Phone and immediately afiliated to a local Company ( Digitel ).The phone has a serious problem. Once you call someone you can hear him but he can't hear you.Don't know what to do with the phone.What do you suggest me to do?Thanks in advance.

Hello good evening friend, I am from Venezuela and love a blackberry this model Curls 9360 Unlocked AT*T branded. tendras availably? Thank you!

On my 3rd one of these. T-mobile won't even send me a new one now. The power jack doesn't work. When I turn on Bluetooth it just continuously restarts until the battery dies. There are NO APPS. Worst purchase ever!

good Thanks so much for the item, im so happy with it and hope to get more item later. appreciate it.

This cell its excelent. It's as good as I expected. Before purchase lot of people told about low power battery buy in my case, and comparing with anothers BB cell It lasts depending on applications using. OS 7 its really good and its fast for using. Im really satisfied with it.

I love this phone!!! It is lightweight and sleek and serves my purposes well. I'm glad I went back to Blackberry!!!

When i received the phone I realized that some parts where a little loose. Then I tried to charge it and it didn't charge well I had to take the battery out and put it back in so it could charge properly and I have to do this every time I want to charge it. And the last thing is that the phone does not pick 3G signal never. So I was a little disappointed

It took me quite a while to decide whether to buy this phone or choose and android. I choose this one and I am quite pleased since it does everything I need it to: email service, facebook, whatsapp, viber, BBM, ... Love it!

This was purchase as a gift and it was well received.  Was told it was a good  first blackberry phone.

at first it work really well, but after a few days it started to cut off during calls, txting and down loading...so far in the last 5 days it has not cut off

yo hice la compra desde venezuela y el telenofo lo pedi nuevo y el telefo parece es repotenciado::!! porque la parte de la pantalla esta despegado... no estoy completamente satisfecha con el equipo

Buy 2 new cell phones, but do not function (seem to be rebuilt),take them to the service and say that the software and charging port need repairIs it possible to return them?I live in Venezuela; but if I send an address I can send them with payment to thesupplierI hope your answer and thank you for your attention

I had no problem with the product, was surprise that I received it so fast. The style of the phone was also amazing, really thin and small, fits perfectly in my purses. Good buy.

I prefer this phone, because give me a good experience in the comunications, navegations and others uses, and the most important thing is the low cost!!!

El puerto para los audifonos esta da&ntilde;ado!ademas el celular se recalienta cuando intento ver algun video o imagen de internet o cuando deseo bajar alguna cancion

When I bought this phone it was supposed to be new but when it arrived it appeared to be used because you can see all the apps that were previously loaded on to it.  Also in order to get the phone to a working condition it had to be reset to the factory settings.  It also freezes very often and the battery has to be pulled to get it working again.  Dissatisfied with this phone!!!

This shipment arrived very excellent, this phone is spectacular! very good! h kl n j j k g g n

Want a refund!  Purchased on January 9th of the year and as of  as of March 12 it refused to take a charge and is at this time totally inoperable.I liked the phone, but for $200 plus dollars it should have worked longer than 2 months.  Tried to do a hard reset as shown on the web , but nothing worked. BEWARE OF 30 DAY WARRANTIES.  Because my $200.00 phone decided to die in 62 days I am entitled to no help or suggestions from the seller Surge Telecom and Amazon cannot help either. Oh, well.

Lo compr&eacute; para utilizarlo con Movilnet de Venezuela y funciona perfectamente.I bought it for use with Movilnet of Venezuela and works perfectly.

I have been extremely delighed with my Blackberry Curve 9360. I recieved it as promised on time and have been learning all the functions, etc. Had only a slight problem with getting my service provider to get it provisioned but that's in the past.

I got this phone online with a lot of hope to use it...the phone is overall okay, but, the seller through who the phone was delivered to me had played a prank. It seemed like a defective unit was shipped...the glass screen was not sitting properly on the phone and there is a huge gap at the top and micro dust particles on the screen interior. This has made me throw the handset in anguish and frustration.

Great purchase. Good price, a good device and a very good service. I strongly recommend this product to my friends.

Excelente lo recomiendo. el telefono para venezuela en movilnet y movistar en 3G para digitel trabaja en Edge, no 3G.

Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked Quad-Band 3G GSM Phone with 5MP Camera, QWERTY Keyboard, GPS and Wi-Fi - US Warranty - BlackGood Afternoon, i would like to buy a BB9360 but i want to work branded Movistar here in Venezuela. It's  AT&T;, Do you have this?

I've been using my BB9360 for about a week now. The experience has been a wonderful one. Social networking is a breeze. My unit  came loaded with BB os 7.1. works very fast. battery lasts a day and a half. I've seen some reviews complaining about the battery life of this product but compared to some other phones its good. I'm loving my BB9360 and would recommend it to anyone.Great BB. Curve 9360 rocks!!!!

I get the faulty tefeno .. entratar have problems to any of the applications. and also I came without headset is suppose I'm buying a new computer

PLEASE send no bill is not necessary because it has no importance to the team IN VENEZUELA ATTE RUBIER MARIN

I have purchased this instrument on amazon and was advised of the shipping date.  After the deadline has passed for me to receive the product, I contacted the supplier who advised me that the product was not shipped due to a mixed up at their location and it will be done on the day that I contacted them.  This was done.  When the phone arrived, it could not turn on, and the face of the phone was lifted up.  I was extremely upset, I contacted the supplier.  The supplier asked me to return same. This instrument was faulty and supplier insisted that it is returned at my expense (he must be joking right) We finally agree that I would be refunded the amount paid for the phone and I would return the phone.  I have return the product from July month end and it is over a month and I have not been refunded nor contacted by supplier.

Good dayI'm really disappointed because one of the cellphones has damaged the smart key (not working when pressed). I remove the battery and I saw that this violated a screw meaning that paying for a team that IS NOT NEW .I am a frequent customer of Amazon, I buy always from Venezuela, but for once I feel cheated.It is unfortunate.......

el tel&eacute;fono funciona en perfectas condiciones, fue lo que esperaba, lo recomendar&iacute;a a otras personas. me gusto mucho.  perfecto uso

Because that cell phone is jut I need for a Giftin my city is still selling this phone and I think that is good cell phone

compre este telefono y no sirve para nada, se resetea es super lento, ensi para la basura, perdi mi dinerocomoe nga&ntilde;ana a los clientes

BECAUSE THE CELL PHONE HAD BEEN MANIPULATED , IT NEVER ACCEPTED MY SIM CARD , DESPITE THE FACT THAT IT WAS UNLOCKED . I DID NOT RATE IT BEFORE  BECAUSE I RECEIVED THE ITEM YESTERDAY BECAUSE I LIVE IN VENEZUELA

just a refurbished phone, also was at&t then unlocked, its not factory unlocked, have details on the trackpad and the shell

great phone.. seller 5.0.... i love it... the phone is unlocked and works perfect for my country colombia.. 3g is perfect.  only bad thing is that the USB cable is a little rusty. but is a perfect product.

I have had problems when receiving calls, both speaking and listening ... i will carry it to be repared in a few days, i was trying it but the problem has not disappeared

recomiendo a este vendedor, muy cumplido, puntual en la entrega, y el equipo estaba en perfectas condiciones estoy feliz!! todo como el me lo indico gracias!!

You can not use gives an error JMV 517 and not allowing use I need suggestions for solving the problem

I like the phone just what I wanted is comfortable and meets what I need, all very good, good service and fast delivery, excellent, thank you!

i wish that i could have rate it but i cannot do that because of i did not recive it ensure u check my order and send it 4 me i am not happy u all set me back review my order again.

I was given a refurbished phone, when the description said it was a new phone. After just three days of use it keeps rebooting, nothing was installed/downloaded on the phone. Very much disappointed with this seller's DISHONESTY. DONT BUY

The phone is working after a year.  However,  a used phone was sent instead of a new one. The camera lens had a crack in it as well as the housing.  The phone quickly destroyed my memory card. The company reimbursed me some what.

Buenas tardes, compre este telefono y es reconstruido... ahora lo tengo bloqueado porq no lo puedo usar porq esta reportado como robado!! necesito que me soluciones este problema!

I have another year or so these divice buying  these people and really have no complaints about it very good

Excelente producto, liberado de fabrica, funciona muy bien para Venezuela.5 estrellas, se lo merece, totalmente nuevo, sin ningun detalle.

Una buena selecci&oacute;n el equipo funciona bien en venezuela, llego en perfecto estado es recomendado, buena seleccion para trabajar con la linea blackberry

Buy this phone, and it worked great ..... a week ago turns out that appeared the following week as reported or misplaced .... not recommend them ... they are thieves

The phone arrived on time and is all what i expected, i think more details on the phone should be displayed,i had to chek them out on google myself, however, its superb

It's a good phone, easy to use, works well with the operator to use. is light. the only thing is that there is no manual in the boxBlackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked Quad-Band 3G GSM Phone with 5MP Camera, QWERTY Keyboard, GPS and Wi-Fi - US Warranty - Black

Realice la compra de un BB 9360 para que levantara las banas de Movistar enVenexuela y me enviaron uno de Digitel, adicionalmente me responden que &#34;la Tienda On The Go Solutions...  No dan garant&iacute;a por las Bandas 3G del equipo que env&iacute;an&#34;

The cell phone stopped working for no reason after a month`s use and it is impossible to fix it here in Argentina as there are no spare parts for this model.

No lo recomiendo,se resetea a cada rato,hay que presionar el boton de encendido con demasiada fuerza,pues da la impresi&oacute;n que fuera un telefono de segunda mano,repotenciado si se pudiera decir....

the phone came with software defects, the battery does not work and physical defects as ddel charger connector is isolated, very bad experience

I was traveling internationally and one of the two phones, I bought stopped working. Was such an inconvenience since I lost my entire data and all contacts. The second one was a gift to my mom and fortunately its still working.Not sure if its a seller issue and if they are selling refurbished products or its Blackberry Curve. Customer care too was unresponsive. Very disappointed!

Probably a refurnished one. It went dead after I installed an official update on it. It wasted a lot of my time. I've already returned it.

As far as the phone goes, I absolutely love it.  The one I got is 3G capable on T-mobile (1700/2100, although I don't really use the 3G), the keyboard and track-pad are great (no touchscreen).  The phone is smaller than other blackberries, and can easily fit in a pants pocket.  Battery life is good, easy to turn antennae on and off.  I can go about 2 days on one charge, but easily a whole day on one charge with heavy use.  I mainly just use it for talk/text and email (for work mainly, so pretty constant), so I'm no app nut, but it's a nice size for me, and they are supposed to be pretty durable.  I really like the Blackberry OS and the contact manager, you can use google voice and make your cell a 2 line phone (1 line for work).However, beware of sellers on amazon (amazon does a phenomenal job of protecting you though).  The 1st new phone I got was great except the earpiece crackled a little, so I sent it back (it did seem new).  On the 2nd try, they tried to send me a T-mobile branded phone (transformersandgsmphones is the seller I used), and it was obviously used, and T-mobile showed it as blocked which means it was stolen or something along those lines.  So instead of giving them a 3rd chance, I got 100% of my money back since Amazon is awesome about that, and bought one off of Ebay.  Went great, and I  love it.1/10/2013 Follow UpHave had this phone for a few months now, and absolutely love it.  Phone is sturdy, reliable, and easy to use.  And it is nice and compact.  With an Otter Box commuter series case it is pretty indestructible.  With extremely heavy usage (5 hour of talk time or more) I still have 30%-40% battery life at the end of the day, and can usually make it 2 days on one charge.  Love this phone.

First, I want to say that I'm a bit apprehensive to write a good review about this phone. I'm afraid I will jinx the great experience I have had with it so far. I read so many recent negative reviews, that might disappointment might be coming my way.BUT, I have to say that so far I love the phone. I had a 8520 before this one, which was barely not working anymore after so many years of use, and dropping on the floor. So, this upgrade was just perfect for me. I travel a lot to developing countries, so I wanted a cheap phone that I wouldn't care much if got stolen. Since BBs are no longer among the favorite phones, like Android and iPhone, I think it is perfect for muggers not to want to waste their time trying to steal it from you!!Regarding BB x other phones. If you haven't had a BB before, I recommend it. The keyboard is great (I prefer than using touch-screen), and this phone's browser is not so bad as previous versions. The sound and camera quality are good enough to meet my needs. BUT, it is not iPhone! I don't like Androids, so I still prefer a BB. But if you are deciding between BB and iPhone (considering that you are willing to spend more money), than I'd not go for this one. But, I think in terms of cost-benefit (if you want to spend less), BB is a win.Regarding the vendor: well... the phone is sort of legit. I wouldn't trust it completely though. On the box, it said the phone was made in Mexico, while several pieces were made in China. The box did not look new, but the phone did. Also, it came with a case, which I was happily surprised with. So far, so good.

excelente tel&eacute;fono, totalmente nuevo. muy satisfecho con la compra. muy responsable el envi&oacute;, llego a Venezuela en el tiempo especificado

all excellent. the phone without any detail. as described. Movilnet Venezuela works with 3g. thanks. 100% recommend. buy it. bye

HELLO, IN THE MONTH OF MAY BUY THIS MODEL FROM VENEZUELA PHONE, ALWAYS BOUGHT BY AMAZONS AND BELIEVE THAT A SAFE WEBSITE. BUT WITH THE PURCHASE OF THIS MODEL OF CELL blacberry 9360 LE MMEGO ONCE THE PRODUCT WAS TO MY COUNTRY WHICH MAY 24 MAY 28 ACTIVE LAST WEEK AND THAT IS NOT ONE HAD NOT LAST MONTH AND THE PHONE IS SHUT OFF SUDDENLY IT TAKE TO A CELLULAR REPAIR SITE AND TELL ME TO OPEN THE TECHNICAL PHONE ME IMMEDIATELY SO THAT THAT SOLD REBUILT AND EXPLAIN TO ME WHAT WAS A SHORT CIRCUIT PIPE AND NOT THE POWER TO THE SOURCE, I AM VERY DISSATISFIED WITH FELT THIS SITUATION BECAUSE THEY WERE SAFETY EQUIPMENT BUY BRAND NEW AND NOW FOR THIS SITUATION CAN answer. EXPECT A PROMPT REPLY MY MAIL IS isidelmis@gmail.comthanks

Loved the phone.  We changed carriers so it wasn't compatible with the new company.  That was the only reason we didn't keep it.  Very easy to use, clear sound.  You can't go wrong with this phone. Takes really great pictures as well.

lo recomiendo funciona muy bien con movilnet en venezuela y las fotos queden excelentes y el sistema operativo es muy rapido

Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked Quad-Band 3G GSM Phone with 5MP Camera, QWERTY Keyboard, GPS and Wi-Fi - US Warranty - BlackLAMENTO DECIR QUE MI EXPERIENCIA CON ESTE VENDEDOR FUE MUY MALA. P&eacute;simo producto. Recib&iacute; tel&eacute;fono bloqueado.Solamente en idioma ingl&eacute;s gener&oacute; gastos extras (Venezuela).Sus sellos estaban violentados. PAREC&Iacute;A REPARADO PREVIAMENTE.

The phone came-in in perfect condition, everything worked exactly as I was hoping it would. The phone arrived early, and is still working perfectly.

The delivery of the phone was on time, in perfect conditionthe camera is great, the sharpness of the videos is wonderfulGood price, works with 3G  for Venezuela

Good night, you will have 2 phones available Blackberry Curve 9360 Unlocked new work with AT & T, greetings. Saludos

I did not bring all accessories. I rest well the product worked, I just brought drums, Phone and charger. My recommendation is that you introduce your product to the invoice to then have no problems with customs.

The phone seemed to be used. it did not charge. the phone was bought in the US to be used in Venezuela. It's more expensive to send it to USA than fix it. I took it to technical support and i was told that the phone had been opened before. Also i was told that i had been wet and i had to payed 90 dollars for it to be fixed. The motherboard had to be replaced and it was wet. This has been the worst buyment of my life.If i could i would give 0 stars to this custumer

realice la compra por este medio he le&iacute;do varias quejas ped&iacute; que el tel&eacute;fono fuese nuevo y se encuentre en excelente condiciones como otros comentarios que dicen es demasiado lindo bello r&aacute;pido y nuevo as&iacute; que espero sea nuevo mi tel&eacute;fono y re&uacute;na todas las condiciones positivas que realizan otros clientes por otra parte debo imaginar que viene en caja y con todos sus accesorios ( porque dice accesorios en stock)

I PURCHASED  THIS ITEM IN FEBRUARY AND IT STARTED TO OVER HEAT 2MTHS AGO,I thought it was just the battery and NOW IT HAS GOTTEN WORST.... ITS A DEFFECTIVE PHONE....... I WOULD LIKE A REPLACEMENT.....

Working perfectly. It is very good phone. Anyone who sells RIM products, well I recommend this is one of the best.

I like the priceI had another phone similar and this 9360 it is faster. camera and pixels are OK with me.It works very fine with my emails ( very important  for me)

good afternoon am the buyer of blackberry 9360 team which arrived defective I can not send a team I q q is the same connector sulfated charging energy and nowhere was uncovered in q and send it to technical service and out q was in bad condiiones abusers and swindlers are going to get this complaint all possible porq U.S. media you are selling a mobile me again and this bad

Bands Want to Know waht works cel, I want witchh Bands 1,2,5,6 to Movilnet Venezuela ; necesito saber si levanta 3g en Movilnet

Quiero saber si este equipo trabaja en la banda 3G ac&aacute; en Venezuela con Movistar, es para tener la seguridad y concretar la compra.quiero saber esa informaci&oacute;n

Estoy contento con este BB, me parece excelente equipo. Aqu&iacute; en Venezuela levanta 3G sin ning&uacute;n problema.Recomiendo el tel&eacute;fono y el Vendedor.

was the model that request came in perfect condition, it raises no 3G unici with the line operator Venezuela to rest all without incident

I buy this one blackberry to venezuela, when open the box and review my cell phone  battery not working.  I cant believe!!

very good product I recommend, excellent attention. commend them for their good treatment and good communication on the purchase of the product

al parecer todo iba bien en cuanto ala compra del producto pero cuando llego el equipo telefono blackberry 9360 me di cuenta que tenia un gran detalle el cual el ofertado dec&iacute;a que trabajaba 3G con banda 1900 q es la plataforma de mi pa&iacute;s Venezuela  motivo por el cual lo compre pero no era as&iacute;  este tel&eacute;fono venia para trabajar con otra banda q es 800 la cual no me sirve para tenerlo por lo tanto exhorto al vendedor a tener mas cuidado en cuanto a eso.....

I bought this blackberry in order to be used in Venezuela.  I connected it to Movilnet and it worked perfectly well.  I am very pleased!

Total trash device. The worst phone I ever purchased.Within 3 months of use - good use, couse I not a kid anymore playing around with phones - it got the front dash loose turning impossible to use the track pad.I tried to contact Amazon.com and they said I supposed to contact On the go solutions (847)933 1762, the actual company that sent me the device and they said they had nothing to do with the problem and Isupposed to contact Amazon again....not a chance! Then I contact Blackberry Costumer Service, through 1 877 552 55 32 and again no responsibility over the problem was assumed.Now, after 3 bberrys in 6 years, I strongly dis advise anyone to have Blackberrys phone once they have no conditions to built a reliable phone and give the proper customer service support.

WINE WITH damaged program (without repair)NOBODY COULD SOLVE A PROBLEM phones, sold with MALICIOUS PROGRAMS unable to use the PIN, or see the contacts of CEL, let alone OPEN APP WORLD, nothing else works to make and receive calls ... RESPONDENT WANT TO KNOW??? Do not buy more cell phones that vendor, sells DAMAGED ....

The phone was new and well packaged. It worked just fine and I was satisfied with the purchase. No regrets.

This device is not working properly on the 3G band. Among many mobile providers offered on Amazon, I had to buy this crap. Never buy in Put Group Usa.

Hi , I'm from Venezuela and I need the Blackberry 9360 version with the 3G AT&T branded.. tell me as son as possible if you have it.. so i'll buy it!

The problems began at the first week I bought it. 9 months later I have too much damages for this phone. The battery doesn't work more than 4 hours properly, it restarts everytime it wants, the vibration property no longer works, when it restarts it erases all pictures and conversations form memory card and it needs to be connected almost 24/7 for a correct usage. Please don't buy this cellphone, I am already replacing this one with a Samsung or buy an iPhone becuase this one is not worth it.

Despite the description, this is NOT a factory unlocked phone.  Is it unlocked?  Maybe.  But this is a T-Mobile phone.  Internet ONLY works with T mobile.  Doesn't do me any good since I'm not using it.  This phone is going back.

very good

alls fine, everything ok, no damages on the box, never open, all new and perfect sealed and all the accesories inside, recommended

order a new phone .but recive a phone look like a refurbished one,with out any head phone or proper manual n no cd as well

This item is great, it does the job and is it really easy to use, great seller, recommended!! Thumbs up

this seller sold me a refurbished blackberry YOU SUCKS MAN! when you download blackberry app world you can see uninstalled programs if anybody  download it and use it before. The earphones are previous version of blackberry devices. No manual guide. Just the cellphone &#34;new&#34; (refurbished). nothing more.

EL TELEFONO DEBE VENIR CON LA BATERIA Y CUANDO RECIBI EL PAQUETE O EL ENVIO NO ESTABA LA BATERIA DEL TELEFONO

It is very light, functional and easy to use. The signal is very good special 3G. Good pictures and fast!

Muy bueno el telef me salio de lo mejor y me agarra 3G para movilnet en venezuela good good good...

The cell phone that I order is one of the worst phones that I have ever seen. It is always saying searching or network, and is always saying wifi radio is off. I called my service provider and it's has nothing to do with them they did all they could to help but it's just the horrible quality of the phone I think it's refurbish in my opinion. My co-worker ordered two phones fom your company and both are like mines worthless!,!!

I chose this article blackberry 9360 I needed to Venezuela band 2 (1900) and get band 4 (900) error, reconstructed step is not recommend anyone FRAUD seller. FRAUD. FRAUD.

p e r f e c t o  t o d o  b i e n  con el producto! lo recomiendo en venezuela

Buenas Noches soy de Venezuela y estoy interesada en este equipo BB 9380. Es importante saber si es 3G Bands 1,2,5,6 para poder usarlo con mi operadora "Movilnet".Muchas Gracias.

I really liked my purchase.I liked it allI will recommede to a friend.Thanks a lot for your services

The phone was ok, the only bad thing was that the plug to charge the phone broke in few time that I used.

I highly recommend it, Loved it. It has good size, good price, good software, and I love BB phones. Buy it

This was a locked phone not an unlocked phone. Connected to the O2 network.Can't be used in the US.AVOID THIS SELLER!!!

Buy this phone for my wife and give it away to this enchanted, in my country quintessential works with 3g but only for Digitel, since it is 3G band 8, my recommendation is that at the time of purchase to verify with the seller the type of band which is designed so the phone and avoid problems with the service ... Keep in mind that if 3G band 2 to use it to movilnet or movistar and band 8 to digitel.

Hola todo llego bien y perfecto. a la fecha. agradecido buen vendedor. bye. a vendedores as&iacute; es que se le debe comprar. son vendedores serios en sus ventas ok. felicidades y adi&oacute;s.

Phone exceeded my expectations. It works well and was able to connect to my mobile service and my wifi with ease.

I received it on time in perfect conditions. After a month it still working. I didnt buy for me I bought it for a friend. It works perfect on Movistar, Venezuela.

Excelente telefono totalmente nuevo y funciona 3g en movistar y movilnet  en Venezuela perfectamente gracias. . . . . ..

good team tengos not yet in my hands but the bid because I like the model is a good phone

Got the phone and it was wonderful. It came with everything that it was suppose to, including the correct box and battery. everything works wonderfully!! i will be buying the 9370 soon... great phone!!

It was not the team exactamante pedi, buy a new one and not get in that condition, but I attended and were able to resolve

be careful with these people, they send send defective products, customer service is terrible I lost all my money, they are scammers.

excellent product very versatile comfortable and easy to use .. I recommend this product very good .. I do not like that does not bring as protective cases include other brands .. I rate this as it is practical and comprehensive steps avace of technology although there are better defends this well ..

I rated the phone instead of the case in the first review so I will rate the case now. I like the colour its cute. Fits perectly. I wish I had gotten a hard case though. Gonna get one later.

it is a very neat phone i like it very much, i would have given it a 5 star review but the camera is not the best it's ok but the quality could be better

The phones worked great I love it a lot this phone is great  and it works world wide i will always purchase from this seller.

Grac&iacute;as Todo bien el servicio entreg&oacute; el paquete a tiempo son una excelente tienda espero volver a comprar con ustedes
