
I bought these phone minutes and they came as I thought, with the pin code in a letter, I put the pin code in and it gave me my minutes in an instant. Good Buy.

easier than driving to the store and convenient to purchase online anywhere it was a good value to buy here

I got minutes and 3 more months usage. It is a good deal. I recommend it to every one. Thanks

This was a great buy and don't have to worry about running out of minutes.Thank you so much.Will shop again.

The US post office lost the card.  I was able to work with shopcell deals and they took care of me resolving the problem caused by the post office.  I highly recommend them as a reputable vendor.

Did not work and TracPhone wasn't involved with it.What this company sent me was a non TracPhone print out of something with a non working pin number.I called Tracphone when I couldn't get the pin number to work and they said there's nothing they could do to help me.

I've been very pleased with this service plan. I've had very little issues with area coverage, and I've had no issues with the phone.I've had this service plan for a half a year now, and my income has increased to where I can afford a more expensive service from a contract carrier, but I've found no reason to change do the the phone's coverage and reliability. There have been times, while driving out in the country, where the much more expensive Verizon carrier would have given my much better coverage. But those times have been too few for me to justify paying Verizon's MUCH higher price.In short, for the price, I haven't found a better deal out there with any of the other non-contract or contract cell phone service provider.

I ordered these cards for my girlfreinds phone. Bought them online instead of in the store because they we about $7.00 cheaper per card. I got two for her. Came in just a few days and work just fine when I activated them.

The 200 minute purchase was delivered to my house, via USPS,  within the 1 - 3 day timeframe quoted by the seller.  As others have pointed out, rather than a Minutes Card, the seller mails a piece of paper containing the PIN number and instructions.  I have no issue with that process, and readily loaded the minutes into my phone.This is the best price I found for the 200-minute card, considering you don't have to pay any taxes or fees as you would through TracFone or a retailer.  Alas, this will change for Massachusetts buyers in October 2013 because our governor and Amazon struck an agreement whereby the state's .065% tax will apply to our Amazon purchases as of that date.

After receiving this card applied it right away to my phone because 14 days of service was left and the result was wonderful.  Thanks to Amazon, my phone is still active.

Love that I could buy and  ship this to my dad for Christmas, he has a prepaid phone and when he's low on minutes I don't hear from him as much. Will keep buying from this seller!

received super fast  code was printed on a sticker and  stuck to a piece of paper  was expecting the actual  card

Just love the easiness of using the Trafone Minutes on my new tracfone LG800g with triple minutes.Sure comes in handy and is so economical for me.

Adds minutes and time to your trac fone, what else can you say?  Best price I have seen any where.

I love being able to buy 200 minutes at a time.  My phone comes with triple minutes for life so when you buy a 200 minutes, you get 600.I like not having the big old T-Mobile bill coming in every month with all those little hidden charges they surprise you with.Perfectly happy and recommend this.

ORDERED ON THE 13TH AND RECEIVED IN TH 17TH VIA FED-EX. AWESOME. WILL DEAL WITH THEM AGAIN AND AGAIN. YOU SHOULD AS WELL. THANKS GUYS.ABSOLUTELY THE BEST!!!!

This was a great price for the card, especially when you have a phone that has double or triple minutes for life. Will def buy again!

I bought this card with my new tracfone that offered tripple minutes.....really great deal and will last for a time.

I added this to an inexpensive Tracfone with lifetime triple minutes at the end of June, 2013. It not only gave me a bonus of 50 minutes for a total of 650, but it also added time. Activation should have been good until the end of September. It ended up adding extra days so the time out ended up being the middle of November. That was almost 2 extra months. When my ATT contract obligation is fulfilled, I'm switching to Tracfone. Less expensive, they have Smart Phones available now and no spying by NSA if you don't register the phone.

Tracfone is an easy to use basic phone. Recommended highly for those on a tight budget. Directions for use and setup were pretty clear

I was a bit doubtful about buying Tracfone products on Amazon, especially at the discounted price, but it worked just fine, and added the triple minutes in less than five minutes.

No surprise here. It adds 200 min. & 90 days of service to your phone. I would recommend it to a friend.

the minutes count down very fast and if you use a half a minute it takes the whole minutes it also take minutes from you for incoming cals and all 800 numbers which with any other phone would be freee i purchased this  200 minute card with triple minites and i also bought another 60 with trile minutes giving me 780 minutes and in 14dayts the minutes have gone down so fast ive only 199 lesft  ive paid out 67.00 so far and its not worth it to me im not on the phone constant i have to limit my calls this phone card to me would only be for emergencies i got it because my phone was out of service will not use it again.

I was able to access the code number with no problem, the phone service worked wherever I was and it was totally reliable.

I had absolutely no problem with this product. It came in the mail in a timely manner and installed without a hitch. I would recommend this product to anyone who owns a Tracfone.

when they send you a welcome msg and one other phone msg when you first turn on you tracfone they charge you if you read the msg. they shouldn't take time away for system generated msg's.

Always receive very fast. I have never had a problem with any of the cards I have bought. Will continue to buy them.

I ordered this since I was running out of minutes and wasn't able to get to the store anytime soon. It came on time, and with my triple minute phone, is a HUGE bargain for someone like me who mostly texts and doesn't have many long conversations. I now have 600 minutes to spend over 3 months for $40 ($35 + $5 shipping).For me, this did come as a card. Honestly, I don't know why some people stress so much about what form it comes in. Its the same product regardless. This was super convenient and didn't cost me any more than Kroger or Walmart would have charged (even when counting in the price of shipping).

This came as a card and was easy to add to my phone. It arrived on time. I still have minutes left on my phone even though I need to add more time.

The TRACFONE has been very beneficial in my everyday life.  It helps keep track of my number of minutes as well as the cost in this very highly expensive life in which we live.  Good way of monitoring your funds without any contracts,

This is excellent, especially if you already have double or triple minutes for life. For $32 (plus $5 shipping) I received the minutes card in a few days and immediately added the minutes, and with double minutes had 400 minutes. When you buy 60 minutes, you pay $20 on the tracfone website, $37 for 120. So for $7 more, you wind up getting 200 minutes doubled. Great deal. Will use them again.

Was easy to use and worked just like a real minutes card from a store.  What came was a sheet of paper with instructions and a PIN.

We have only had this phone & minutes for nearly a month but so far it filled our needs just fine

Great product and material.It was just what i ordered and am very pleased with it.Everyone, great buy. love it

HAVE USED TRACPHONE FOR YEARS, PRODUCT ARRIVED IN GOOD CONDITION, EASY INSTALLATION, TRIPLE MINUTES, FOR ME A GREAT BUY, BUT I DON'T CONSTANTLY USE MY PHONE.

I bought this from shopcelldeals - their shipping is quick and the PIN code worked. I got a regular Tracphone card with a PIN code sticker stuck to the back. I was afraid it wouldn't work, but it was fine.Don't forget to check online for Tracphone bonus codes. I just got 60 extra minutes. Google "tracfone promo code."

This was a great deal, and I plan to buy again if possible.  Tracfone is the best deal on wireless phones.  They have the lastest phones, and their plans are the best price is you do not use your phone 24/7

It was a good buy. Came quickly and was a ok deal. Don't know what else you can say about a minute card but it came fast and worked and was reasonably priced.

The 200 min. card has worked well for us since we can get double minutes with it. We recommend it if you don't need a lot of minutes.

With taxes and tracfone onliine charges, this card would retail for about $42. so it's a great deal.  Two (sort of) problems though. It was sent USPS to:  (my Name) or CURRENT RESIDENT.  If this had wound up in the wrong box, I'd be out $32. Last Time I ordered it, I got a regular card, this time it was a xeroxed page with a Pin # sticker. Good news.. The pin # worked, and added the appropriate time for my plan. The second "problem" though, was that I must have tried at least 12 non-expired bonus codes before finding one that tracfone would accept.. Still, all told, It's still a great value, as the cards don't go on sale either retail or online.

I work in the states for 3 months at a time and need a phone for the time I am here. Got 600 minutes and 6 months of service and Samsung slider phone for $60. Not a bad deal at all, I don't use the phone that much,and probably will list on Craigslist, when I am done. All said and done, I may get &#34;use' this phone for little out of pocket. My work can contact me and I get to make important calls for next to nothing compared with other plans or I may keep the phone, let my son use the minutes and have the phone for the next visit and pay for another card.

If one waits for a TracFone 'bonus' number that add an extra 30 or 40 minutes even more bang for your $$$s.  Use for a phone that already has triple minutes - therefore getting a 200 minute cards gets 600 and most recent bonus 40 [which don't triple]

This is a great way to to hold down your expenses by paying as you go.  Good price on the minutes and 3 months additional service.

If you're new to Tracfone, you might be surprised that you'll receive a piece of paper instead of a thin plastic card (like you get in the store).  The paper will have the activation code on it (just like a plastic card will).  For me, I have a phone that tribles my minutes - so this was another 600 minutes.  I've been with Tracfone (AT&T prepaid division) for almost 3 years now.  They just keep getting better (I don't use my cell phone much, but when I DO use it - 98% of the usage is for text messages or phone calls (I really don't have time to be on a phone to browse the internet, and a lot of the really neat features on phones today... well, I just don't have time/use for).

These geniuses sent me minutes thru snail mail it took two days. DUHH ! ! ! I bought minutes from Tracphone  BUT NOT Amazon and my minutes were in my phone before I could finish reading my receipt online. I went to Tracphone site instead of using Amazon. I was nuts when I relised they were &#34;mailing&#34;  my minutes, when everyone else simply uses the airwaves.

Add 200 minutes to your Tracfone. Some TracFones tripple minutes so you get 600 minutes with the right phone. Use coupon codes when purchasing minutes for even more free minutes. Just search on google for TracFone coupon codes. also enter minutes through your online account NOT THROUGH THE PHONE. The problem with the phone is that if you enter an invalid number from the minutes card (enter it wrong) TracFone will accept the number anyway and charge your account a second time for the minutes. That does not happen if you enter minutes online through your TracFone account. NEVER USE YOUR PHONE TO ADD MINUTES!!!

Purchased item but didn't use code since its not doable on SafeLink  and tried to return it and found out that its not refundable. My fault it won't happen again. I'm sure its a good idea if  I had a Tracfone.

was ggood.

After some searching and researching, I found this phone card to be  a bargain for me.  I'll be getting more of these in the future.  I hope they stay available.

I FOUND THIS TO BE A VERY GOOD PURCHASE,  MY PHONE HAD MINUTES LEFT ON IT AND I ENDED UP WITH OVER 1000 MINUTES TOTEL TO USE UP

Exactly as advertised

That over 75% of respondents openly and happily believe tax evasion like this is a "good deal" reveals why the United States economy falls deeper into the abyss daily.  I buy airtime, via retail purchases of real cards, because the taxes collected to some extent keeps our economy alive, if not healthily so.  Do you prefer sending your money to (for all you know) organizations actively involved in exporting terrorism to your own backyard?History is full of people, whose motivations were not understood by the masses, locked up for being "insane."  21st-century America is infested by people (you know who you are) conditioned to believe the crime of tax evasion must be a "good value" because "everybody does it."  Collectively, the DUMBTH of this herd-mentality has ground our economy nearly to a standstill.  Amazon DOES offer good values on items not available everywhere.  PINheads buy 'Virtual Airtime' cards.  They may be penny-wise, but are pound-foolish.  Electronic retailers that permit false images to appear on their marketing websites should be prosecuted.  Deceptive marketing is okay?  I think not!

Its a good deal, but we did not receive a card with a scratch off code. Our code was printed on a label and the code did not work. Lucky for me, after about a 2 hour phone call, the SECOND person I spoke with just gave me my minutes. The Tracfone people were very nice and patient  but next time I will buy from a store and not over the internet as  I'm questioning the validity of the printed code.

I loved finding this online.  The best part is I saved a trip to the store. I saved the taxes and fees. And I saved a $1 on the price.

I purchased my Tracfone with &#34;lifetime&#34; triple minutes, so each time I buy a 200 minute card, I get 600 minutes of 'talk time'...comes out to about 5 cents per minute!

Would recommend this product to anyone  who is in the US occasionally on a regular basis.  Double minutes even include double calendar time 180 days instead of 90 days, 400 minutes instead of 200 minutes. Also, feature to call outside the US to other countries at the same rate as a local US call a big plus. Try it, you will like it!

Tracfone service is always great. I've had up to 400 minutes on their triple minutes phone service which gives me 1200 minutes. The 200 hundred minute card gives me 600 minutes plus 90 days of service as the 400 minute card gives me one years service along with the 1200 minutes.Customer service is always helpful and setup is easy ( you can load minutes directly from your phone, instead of dialing the 1-800 number).You should try tracfone, beats a two year very pricey commitment.

I chose a rating of 5 stars because this card is really a great deal. If you buy this in the store you pay a lot more for it. The minutes go on your phone very fast and if you have double minutes you're getting 400 for the price of 200 minutes.

I needed the tracphone minutes for my tripple minutes for life lg phone. When I added this I got 600 minutes 600 texts and 600mb data

Fast service and card worked fine.  I have triple minutes on my phone so this price which is cheaper than retail actually went three times as far!

It was a used code! Don't use this person. The card was used, SCAM! I will never use them again.

I usually just buy cards at the store but this was a savings I couldn't pass up.Would do it again when my 90 days are up

I saved 5$ buying this card on Amazon, and there was no problem activating it. I will buy my next time card this way.

The only down side of this purchase is that it takes days to get the card. If you are in a hurry, there are some other sellers who will send the code by e-mail right away. This time I ordered the others were not offering cards so I had to get this card and wait for it.

I love the triple minutes and it shipped really fast. I love the fact that I do not have to leave my house to but things like this. Thanks Amazon!!! You Rock.

Good price for what I got. So I was very happy with whati got. I would buy it again. great

Was not happy that this product was just a piece of paper and not the actual card that was sent to me.

reloaded phone with card no hassles no worries. A must for all tracfone owners I would strongly recommend this for people who use this phone for their primary phone.

this sure beats my 50$ month verizon bill. for someone who is not on the cell phone all the time, this is a great way to have a cell p hone....

My son has a triple minute phone so with 200 minutes, I just filled his phone for the month. This is a great deal especially with a triple minute phone.

This was a great buy, came right on time, had no problems loading the code onto the phone and minutes went on phone with no hitches. This came right away, was surprised at how quickly I received it. Good job t the seller would buy from them again.

Service excellent from seller. I'm so glad I made the choice to get a TracFone. I can buy minutes as I need them and not lose minutes as I did with a major carrier.....monthly I lost three-fourths of the time purchased.

I got triple minutes along with the ninety days. I do not need a so called &#34;smart phone&#34;,so this works well with the T301G.

Arrived quickly. Good value for money. Does what it says on the can. Buy in combination with the double minutes for life card and it's even better value. Defo recommend.

I am happy with my purchase. I  did not have any issues or problems loading the minutes on my cell phone. It was quick and easy. It took me less than a minute to enter the PIN and get the minutes added on my phone. Will purchase again.

When I loaded the minutes it gave me three times the amount of minutes because I bought the phone.So, it does what it said it would do. 3X the minutes for the life of the phone, and it also added days at the end.

The Tracfone plan/cell phone triples the minutes so voila! 200 minutes becomes 600 minutes!  Great plan as an alternative to a two-year contract.

Got a great deal on this one. Even though it was a piece of paper with the code, I never had any problem installing the minutes onto my phone.

Tracfone charges 39.99 plus tax for this same card. I bought this for 39.98 shipped and NO taxes or extra fees. That saved me four dollars right off the bat. It arrived very fast and as pictured without an catches. I also found a forty minute code to add with this card for the bonus plan. I'm so satisfied that I will order this same card from the same seller again the next time I need minutes.

No dislikes with this product at all. Took me no more than 3 minutes to download airtime on my TracFone cell phone & plus , cheaper than buying at other stores!

Tracfone 200 minutes and 90 Days of service with this card is guaranteed by Tracfone. This is if the phone you have allows for double minutes or not.

Arrived quickly. I got a piece of typing paper with instructions on it and a 15 digit code. And it worked.

i love having this card with all those minutes and then having double minutes extra added to the phone is a bonus

Just follow the instructions on the card or paper in my case for your phone and you will have your 200 minutes in no time. It is a very VERY simple procedure! In a way I do wish that they would switch back to just allowing the user to punch in his/her own minutes over the phone as was the case in the past, but the newer varities seem a bit different and I am less unfamiliar with due to the fact that I have an android phone on a Verizon plan. These minutes were a Father's Day gift for my younger brother's and my dad. =)

The overall cost was lower than my local Wal-Mart. Card worked as advertised. Would recommend to a friend. Would buy again. I am also interested in a 60 min card purchase if the price and shipping is right. Thanks for listing.

Very easy to use. Worked perfectly. Go to the Tracfone website for a promo code to get 50 extra minutes until Dec. 26.

Received card as advertised.  No problems adding minutes to phone with it.  Will probably buy another one in the future.  Thanks!

Okay, on four stars because of the shipping charge and it came with my other card. so they made a few more bucks on me.. It still was cheaper then pinnzoo..

Placed order (200 min. card was $29.99) over the weekend, was notified that order was mailed on Monday, then received Priority Mail package on Wednesday.  Instead of the usual Tracfone PIN card, there was an 8x11 sheet of paper with instructions and a label affixed to it with a Tracfone PIN printed on it.  Entered the PIN and a promo code into my phone and within a few seconds my phone beeped and the time increased for the correct amount of time.  Walmart charges almost $40 for these cards and then there are taxes and 911 fees, etc.  Even after paying $5.00 for Priority Mail, buying a PIN number online saved a good chunk of change.  Will do it again.

I was a little disappointed.  All I got was a piece of paper with the code on it, not an actual card.  They could have saved me postage and e-mailed the code.

It was a gift to my daughter as she is always running out of minutes so I thought that should help with her budget since she is out of work right now because of surgery.  This is a good deal for the Tracfone and her.

I bought a motorcycle cover which I love. I intended to buy two of them however due to a pop up for this 200 min. card I mistakenly bought one cover and one 200 min card. Even though I thought I cleared that purchase and had two covers before approving the purchase I was mistaken. Very missleading on Behalf of Amazon. I AM VERY DISSAPOINTED. I kept the card because I use TracPone but could have done better on price considering I paid shipping, but didnt want to deal with the hastle and possible expense of a return.I still intend to get another Kuryakan 4123 PrimoShield Cover. Amazon seems to have a great reputation and I'm confident they will work with me and make this right.

Purchase your cards at the store or on line and use codes when activating them.  By the time you purchase a phone card via the net, you end up paying as much or more after postage.

It worked ! I didn't have no problem with it. Bottomline if they sell through Tracfone and Tracfone fine with it, then I'm fine with it.

I have used Tracfone for several years, and have several phones in that time.  I will continue using Tracfone and buy new models as they become available

If you ever had person that is not into cell phone plans this is great way for them to have a phone and not have a contract.  The trac phones are cheap and easy to use. The minutes are reasonable. Got this for my mother in law for Christmas. It has been four years since we got her first phone and she loves it.

Nice top up card for any tracfone user. I usually get one about ever 6 weeks. Ships to you in a non-descript white envelope. I have bought three of these and consider them a good deal.

It was quick and easy, thanks for your assistance!  I will continue to use you guys as long as it continues which I believe it will.

This phone card is awesome triple the minutes , that's fantastic very happy with this phone card...keep up the good work !!

i gave this as a gift and i have not heard anylthing bad about it so i guess it is fine

I bought this card in combination with a Tracfone LG840G attempting to save money. The card arrived on time (3 July) via priority USPS mail, but was delayed for two days because the carried decided not to deliver it. I spoke tot he postal carrier before she left our apartment complex and presented her with the parcel &#34;attempted delivery slip.&#34; She told me I had to go to the Post Office to pick up the parcel - she did not bring it out for delivery, which is in violation of USPS policy. The vendor very commendably posted the Tracfone card &#34;Priority Mail,&#34; but wasted money as the USPS doesn't deliver priority mail envelopes to customers. Good vendor service and good product.

Not much to say as I have used this product for several years now. Since initial activation of my first tracfone, I have never had one problem. Minutes and time always go right on with no mess up. My very first purchase of triple minutes for life has paid off well. Pretty easy to activate, even for me ;-).

I have tried contacting re: retrieving my phone messages.  It requires a password?  LG840 is the model.  You use up time for everything you do to set it up.  I have no idea if it is a digital phone but do know I have messages waiting for me.  I finally sent an e-mail re: this matter and have not received a reply.  If I cannot use the voice mail this phone will be returned for full refund.

minutes good

One of the very RARE!!!! occasions when off shore custs survice was super!!!When i tried to download my double min it would not work!!! The customer service determined that when phone was purcahased (gift to Me) double minuites were included.. they fixed problem and got my new time loaded and also gave me extra minuits for my double min purchase quick, efficient and pleasant

The pin did not work. I had to call  CS in some far away land. YOU know what that is like.In the end I got my minutes.

Do the math:For the 200 minute card, you pay $33 + $5 (postage) =  $38.  You can get a genuine card from [...] for $40 and you don't have to wait for delivery.  With this offer, all you get is a sheet of paper with the PIN, not the real Tracfone card.Don't bother

i got the card in a day or two and had no problem putting the minutes on my phone just like any other card i buy from a store except no extra fees

I was very happy win i fineley found a 200 minute card on amazon i am satisfide with the way i reseved my package. I will perches this agen

Tracfone 200 MinutesTracfone 200 Minutes and 90 days of service was a right fit.  Because it did as it was expected, and was a perfect fit with the product. Thank!

You receive a piece of paper with instructions and a PIN, no card.  Not a retail card that you would put under the xmas tree.

Love love love these phone cards.  Best idea for cell phones.  No more expensive contracts, just buy what you need.
