
The product is perfect and admirable to have, but selling it under AT&T is a dupe in the sea. Nobody would wanna buy this phone locked under AT&T with there way of business. Just sell it UNLOCKED with NO CONTRACT and let the customer choose his/her own service provider.

I want to download songs on the phone . How to do so when there is no spacwe for a memory card and when the phone is hooked up to my PC the PC is not recognizing the phone.

The phone is great,a mini computer,only one fault battery dies quick,but I understand that's the fault with these smartphones.great phone

great phone best phone ever thank youthe phone works great and helpful recommend to everyone thank you its great

Works very well in any network. Many applications and free games, the camera is normal in 8MP not outstanding but the video is excellent, cannot be expanded memory is a point against, the battery charging in 2h, and quite hard. THE GPS works perfectly, in the end good phone for the price.

I ordered this phone about a week ago. And its been really great since.Positives- The colour display is amazing on this phone-It has a single-core 1.4GHz, that works GREAT!_- Even though it is a Windows 7.5 (up gradable to 7.8), it still offers so much.Youtube HD, facebook, twitter, skype, whatsapp, tango .. a bunch of apps that satisfied me.-The camera is great! Both back and front.- ZUNE!: Some people complained about the fact that they needed a software to put music, videos and photos on their phone, but it turned out GREAT! If you know how to use the software effectively, you can put music and videos, onto the collection you want and it can sync wirelessly!-The phone feels strong and well built; I mean it should for the size and weight, I guess.-From watching screen reviews on youtube, the screen can be used as a hammer to pound in nails to wood! So the screen is really good and apparently doesn't scratch easily although, I haven't able to test it.-The games are great, but the really good ones you got to pay for .. lol .. buts thats the case for everything.-Having Microsoft Office on your phone is great for students and people who need to write, edit and read docs on the go.The photo-editing capabilities are great!Negatives-even though I knew it was this big (dimension wise) I didn't get a feel for the phone, so when it came, it felt a little too big to be comfortable in your hand. So I'll suggest to anyone, to ensure that you are comfortable with a phone this big.(And Heavy)-Some of the apps for windows phone 7.8, to me, were poorly designed. E.G facebook: you are limited to what you can do from your phone compared to what you can do on the computer, to me, that shouldn't be.- I wish there was a longer battery life. I more or less have to charge it everyday. Not sure what other phones offer on the market. But I don't like it. lol

Demasiado bueno puedo estar conectado a todas las redes sociales revisar mi correo, hacer transcripciones, archivos de excel, power point, es una buena herramienta de trabajo y un excelente telefono

I got my phone on Saturday after reviewing the customer reviews on here, and youtubing the phone demonstrations I couldn't find any issues, of course until after I got it.. I went to tmobile and had my SIM card cut down for free so that was easy. I played with it all weekend and it worked great until I left my house and tried to use my data plan for internet and send pictures.. I went back to tmobile to see if they could set it up for me and they couldn't. the guy said, "oh didn't anyone tell you our 4G data plans don't work on unlocked phones." And handed me back the phone. I of course found out from the tmobile website that they have a code or a series of APN and MMS codes to use, but I tried that and it still didn't work.. So now I'm waiting for my job's IT guy to come back from vacation to figure this out for me.. Other wise I love the phone and I'm just sending pictures if I want to by email. The camera features are great and my wifi connection is pretty fast. I can't think of anything else I've come across other than that.. It's not the end of the world that I can't use my data plan while out and about or get any MMS messages.. I'll survive.. Hopefully my work guy can figure it out and then I'll be completely happy.

THIS PHONE IS NOT UNLOCKED. aside from paying for the phone i had to pay 100 to actually get it unlocked. aside from that its a great phone.

I love this phone. It something new for me and camera takes great pictures but its not a lot of apps for windows phone such as instagram. But its great apps for photo n xbox live games.. I guess my phone look  brand new, it was unlock for TMobile n I'm able to send pictures.

The Nokia 900 itself is a great phone. However I was supplied with a phone that had a defective battery. Now I'm forced to purchase a battery for this phone. Two I'm unable to send mms picture messages or files via texting because it's a unlocked phone. I did not know this fact. That's another big problem right there.

Good looking phone it work for the first day, took overseas sims card but the next day after turning on, it was blank no light or power. Vender did return my cash, thank you.

it was a great deal to buy this smart phone... i love it.... everything is good thank you.... nice item

My order was fulfilled by TABLET DISTRIBUTORS without incident. This is an AT&T; phone it has their logo on the front and on the boot up screen. I am using it with no problems on prepaid T-Mobile no data service. This phone is a little heavier than I expected from a plastic phone. It can be updated to WP 7.8 but not any further. The update process wasn't exactly easy, but it's doable.For my purposes the battery makes it through about 10 hours, between recharges.On the downside since it can't be upgraded to WP 8.0 there is no way for you to transfer music to it without a cable and the Zune software, which isn't as bad as I feared, but still annoying. The Bluetooth pairing works well with my 2013 Subaru and my Panasonic home phone.It syncs with your google account for contacts ok, but numbers with a custom label are not synced, unfortunately.

arrived very quickly, in perfect condition, the phone is magnificent, has many uses, I was surprised when I realized that I could not share files via bluetooth, but the phone is the maximum is exactly what I expected and at a great price this undoubtedly

It is amazing just wish had more apps but otherwise its prefect it is alot faster then my old apple iPhone 4

it's a very great cellphone, very modern, the pictures are very goog with this camera. muy bueno el telefono en pocas palabras.

it wasn't working and i had to send it back.  i was mad because i was so exitend about my new phone. It was awful

I recomended this to all people whos like this mark, very good product, covered my expetations in many ways, and really fits m

I am so happy with my new phone, I would recomend this cell phone to anybody. the price was really good

Nokia knows how to make phones. the only issue is thatthe Operating system is not a polupar one.  Nevertheless you canfind good apps for free. I wish Dropbox existed for this phone...

I buy this cellphone but I really dont like it. because it has some defects sometimes it turn off for itself. and the battery has some problem because it not lasts long.

excellent, clear, fast and easy to use, but it does not link songs (e.g. mp3) directly as a ring tone.

I really like the phones and I think I will be getting my own soon, though I don't know if my parents will find them easy to for they were a gift to my parents . The only thing I was ever happy about is the confusion that occurred when I placed this items , but I hope it doesn't happen more often with some of your customers.Thanks for the discount though from the shipping fee.

If you are looking to purchase an unlocked phone do not buy!!  The phone it self is great but if you are looking to activate with any company other than at&t; buying this phone serves no purpose.  It cost me 100 bucks to activate the phone with another service (t-mobile) only to find out that this phone was not unlocked. I have been a week without a phone and it is really nerve racking.It will be at least another 50 bucks to get it unlocked in which I will be waiting 3-5 buisness days to get my phone back. Me personally, cannot wait that long. I will be asking for a refund!!

The phone supposed to come unlocked  but is wasn'tI have  to find a place to unlock the phone.THANK GOD TO THE AMAZON  MANAGER Who was calling me everyday to find  out  if I unlocked the phone to pay me back that  she did  .lam so happy  my phone is now unlocked  love  it thank LADY SHE IS THE BEST MANAGER EVER GOD BLESS HER .SORRY I Don't. Remember  HER NAME.

Because is a good cellular telephone l only need now my case l hope coming soon thank you l love my nokia900

I love this phone. Easy to use. It came in Cyan blue. Came with no sim card but it wasn't difficult to acquire one. If you take it to a carrier other than at&t, you may have trouble sending or receiving photos. Download an application called Network Setup and you should be good. ;)

Yes the phone is AMAZING, for me, but It was a gift for a friend, so for the experience of buy at Amazon to me was a little disappointed, Why? First: they say the delivered was free, but they charged, Thanks for the refund but it is not more easy do the things right the first time? Second: the package, I had to wait a week more, but  because of travel scheduled I had to wait another 3 weeks to got the phone Third: So maybe Amazon have no control about the second but they need to take in consideration that can of things to future references

excellent article, and great buying mode, wifi is a flying machine. I recommend it, I really like this product, it is certainly excellent

The seller I purchased from, had my phone to me within 24 hours. Great service. It then took me two days to find APN settings that worked. Make certain you upgrade your new Windows Phone through Zune. Takes a little time but it is worth it. Beyond that, my provider's customer service was useless. It took far too long but I eventually got the right settings and the phone works like a charm. Crystal clear voice, and most of my familiar apps. Still working on finding some settings and details, but I am very pleased.

It is so cool I wish I had bought one for myself.It does not have apps that my daughter wished it had but it works well and that is what counts....right??  :)

I love Nokia phones and ordered this as an upgrade.i love that it is a windows phone with all the latest apps and functions normally. Have not had an issue with this phone. It is sturdy and practical.

This is a visually stimulating phone, with all the colours and apps. I find it to be a tad limited (where apps are concerned) but its less expensive and you get a good service.

Costumers realy have to like windows phone os, and this phone its a good way of have everithing synchronyze with your computer

Great phone fun out of the box.I am an apple fan but the nokia lumia is better than the iphone 5

Product arrived on time. So far I have had no problems with the product. Seems robust like I expected from Nokia. I have never owned another brand and this hasn't changed my preference yet.

Pros:1.Arrived on time2. Great package/good shape3. Good quality phone for the price4. Unlocked just like it was advertised5. After practice, the pictures are clear and sharpSo/So's:It is fast on some tabs and then others like facebook it is slow to upload.Cons:1. Battery sucker!! I am a minimal cellphone user and it barely makes it through the day.2. Does not have the ability to take a picture from the video :o( did not realize that beforehand.All in all, a great phone for the price and looking forward to playing with it some more.

I was so excited to get this phone. I loved it! Until I realized the same day I got it that the charger it came with didn't work on the phone. But it worked on my other phone. Therefore there was something wrong with the phone. The phone couldn't charge. I would constantly turn on and off on it's own. I sent it back three days later. Such a bummer

met on-time delivery, but I am not satisfied that acquired the phone with the feature released, since I am Venezuelan, to insert the sim card not accepted, asking me for a pin code in order to access the system or record the phone , which is not shipped with the package and therefore I could not give my phone use. locked.

The phone works well and is pretty light, which is greatly appreciated. Having previously owned an Android phone, I was disappointed by the lack of some apps I had gotten used too, but everything else is pretty great.

Fast shipment, phone exactly as described. Very pleasedworks with straight talk, I'm still trying to adjust from my iPhone,  there are features the iPhone has that I miss & love that this phone doesn't have, but it's still a great phone.

I want to love this phone because there is a lot to love.  But, two things have me very frustrated.  The first is that in the picture it did not indicate a carrier- but when I got the phone it is for AT&T; and it has a ton of their stuff on there (I am a T-Mobile customer).  I cannot send pictures via text and  think this is an incompatibility issue with T-Mobile and the phone being programmed for AT&T.;  As you can probably tell, I'm not a techie.  I get nervous when I want to use the navigation app, for example, and it comes up talking about AT&T;'s data plan.  If I use it, am I going to get charged for something even though I have a data plan with T-Mobile since it's an AT&T; app?  I also have trouble getting my emails, at times, but not always.  Don't know what that's about.  It will frequently say it is having difficulty getting a Wi-Fi connection- never had this problem with my last cheap (but T-Mobile) phone.I have googled the texting pictures issue and clearly I am not the only one having this issue.  However, the "fixes" some techies identified have not worked for me- or some others who were having the same problem.  My son also got an unlocked Lumia (710 vs. my 900) and he can't text pics either.  He spent hours on the phone with Nokia but they couldn't figure it out.  The T-Mobile people gave him a new sim card but said if that didn't work, it's a phone (Nokia) issue not a service issue.  His new phone also doesn't get incoming calls (they go straight to v/m) although he gets regular texts and can make calls.  Nokia couldn't figure that one out either.  My other son, however, got an unlocked Nokia (also a 710) but it has the T-Mobile logo on it- he doesn't have any of these problems.So, now, I don't know if I should return it or keep it.  I know I will end up costing me to return it.  And it's a beautiful phone in every other way.  I really love a lot of it's features.  But, I would never buy another unlocked phone unless it has the T-Mobile logo on it (and they seem to be hard to come by.  Probably will get harder now that they don't have contract any more).  Just be wary...

So much better than any iPhone (Yes even the 5S and 5C)! It has a much larger screen with better image quality, much better camera with amazing low-light pictures, and great ease of use. Another awesome feature is Skydrive and Microsoft Office are all synced. It is light and relatively thin. This phone has convinced many iPhone users to switch, and not regret that switch. If you are a gamer, this phone comes with Xbox Live integrated into many of the apps to add up gaming achievements and Xbox points. Finally, this is one of the most durable phones I have seen on the market, I have dropped it numerous times and all of those drops have turned out uneventful.

I bought it and it arrived on time. THE WIFI WOULD NOT CONNECT. HUGE FLAW. I wish i had not bought this. i will be returning it shortly for a refund and buy a phone that actually works.

very nice excellent cell phone access is highly recommended fast internet has many applications to download and it works very well the truth is excellent buy!

This phone has met my expectations. I love it and so does everyone who seed it, it was shipped just like it was described and I am enjoying ot

I have had Samsung phones, where the screens are nice, but the plastic bodies come apart all of the time and feel flimsy. I have had iPhones, where the user interface is just so boring, even with all those apps that cost you money.The Nokia has wonderful Nokia apps already installed, such as Nokia Drive, which gives you directions while you are driving with a talking attendant, it is super accurate and fun to use.  You get Nokia Music, which is a free music service with 1500 playlists put together by expert music people, very good and it's free!  You get ESPN, Nokia City Lens, which is where you hold your camera up while you are walking a city street and it will give you information about the area and what you are pointing at, it is really cool.  And there are other free Nokia apps as well, like Camera Extras, that let you do things like take action shots and panorama photos. There's a Six Flags app, PGA Tour, Contacts Transfer, The Caddie +, Univision, Groupon, Soundtracker that connects you to Internet Radio for free, let's you get concert tickets, look at lyrics, share comments with your friends on their music, et.  There's Counters, that keeps track of calls and data usuage, Creative Studio, which is a photo editing app, and so much more!As a Windows Phone, you will have 7GB of Free Cloud Storage (which is the most for any Cloud Storage offered) for all your files and music and apps on Sky Drive, with the option to upgrade at a cost.The camera takes great pictures with the Carl Zeiss lense and there are ways to adjust you settings. The phone takes great 720p videos, which is a whole lot better than 1080p in a lesser camera.The Windows 7.5 user interface is super easy to use, and it is very pretty to look at.  There are a ton of apps in the MarketPlace, and the most popular ones are there, many of them are free.The beutiful cyan body on this phone is a matte finish, so it doesn't show fingerprints, it is made of polycarbonate, which is the same hard plastic that eye glass frames are made.  If you were to get a deep scratch the color goes all the way through, so it won't show.  Even the USB Charger has a modern style, with it's round geometric shape outlet plug.  All in all this is one hot phone.

This product have an ATT app. in my country dont have ATT services,, How can change this? or delete this?

So far I love this phone. I did have a little trouble getting it set up but I got it figured out eventually. I had an old HTC before this, so it took some getting used to but now I wouldn't go back. I especially love the camera compared to what I had before.

Great Phone, Full of Features and Visually Appealing Menus.Although GSM Unlocked, unable to get Data Across Straight Talk APN and WiFi.Suspect Data would work across AT&T; Network.

This phone is not unlocked as was advertised on the web. You will  have to find someone to unlock it for you and it can cost about $40(and some places will not touch it ). This phone was not knew as was advertised, the box was open and the device has been used. This phone does not properly work. It can't reliably connect  to the T-mobile network, it will connect and drop connections soon after. I searched the Web and found out that  this is a known design issue which is driving a lot  of people crazy trying to configure the phone APN to work properly. The network will work for few minutes and then disappear if the phone goes to sleep or gets turned off. You will have to play with it for long time, tuning it On-Off-On , reset etc. before it comes back- BAD, BAD, BAD please avoid the headache and stay away from this model.I like the window interface, it is easy to use, but the phone network connection issue drove me crazy, and I have to return it. Now I am waiting to see if the seller will honor the return policy.

This is my first smartphone and I REALLY like this phone a lot! I have had this phone for a few months and as a college student, this phone meets all of my needs and I haven't had any issues with it. I am able to create and view office documents, all of my Facebook/phone contacts are in one convenient location on the home screen, it has a decent camera, and I like the texting feature that allows me to send messages to my contacts through Facebook or text. I looked at several smartphones prior to deciding on this one and honestly the deciding factor for me was that the reviews from other users was more favorable for this phone than the others I checked out. I am not able to comment on how this phone compares to other smart phones since I am new to smart phones, but I can say it is an easy to use, functional, fun, and aesthetically pleasing phone.

Very good price, have it for almost 5 months. Delivery as promised in 24 hours. The only problem is the battery and the fact that it does not support  Portuguese Language.

is working very good and l really love this phone. working very good for me l will ask you jist to take a close look.l believe you will love it too

Good working condition as advertised. I bought this for birthday gift to my brother living in Europe. It works very well and all possible updates.

I live in Amman, Jordan. I bought two of these phones specifically because they are advertised as unlocked and able to be used all over the world. However, after quite some time getting them to me in the Middle East,  I find that the are locked and useless. Now, I have to go through even more trouble getting them back to the States so I can return them and get my money back. In the meantime, I've had to buy phones here at an exorbitant exchange rate. I will not order phones online again.

Good looking phone, sturdy, gorgeous screen and unlimited music (Nokia music), free updated GPS maps from most of the world, the apps I need and a clean interface. I don't like spending time customizing the appearance of a phone, with this you have to be productive, it does the job. I can say it is really a steal for the (recent) price.Last week it got just better with the upgraded to 7.8

It's not unlocked!I am very dissatisfied with this product the main reason to buy it is that was unlocked.

I chose this rating because the product met my expectation! if I have more money to buy phones as gift for my friends, I will not hesitate to buy the same product.

Great screen, very functional and easy to use, did not realise data and internet access would be slower due to the fact I did not use ATT  network. Also lost quite a few of the apps and functions that are only ATT compatible.Still all in all a decent phone

I finally convinced my husband to ditch the blackberry and get a Nokia. We searched and searched and he really liked this phone, According to him this phone is more user friendly and easier to operate. &#34;I love my new phone&#34; are his exact words.

Unlocked, I can use it for text and call. And I do have data plan but it'sd not working...Was I doing something wrong?

I like all nokia products and this is awasome. Besides, my son bought for a gift and it works perfectly.

I love the phone, but with 2 days of use and the battery lasts 18 not horan saving mode, or sold me a phone repaired or bad wine I battery.

Is a good phone, but it was from at&t and have some functions block, as the same as the presentation y really bad, but the 3 stars is more for the phone, than for the deal.

it freeze up too much it is the worst buy i ever than.... when you are turn it off!!! i would love my money

Phone is designed for At&T only, does not take other providers Sim. , don't know why it's called unlocked GSM phone, if you can only use it with AT&T

If only all phones were Nokia, then the world would be a happier place!  No other phone for me! Great!

I am a huge fan of the interface: clean smooth and doesn't get in your way. That is definitely more than I can say about the android interface. (I tried not to rant).Dispite all the bad raputation Windows get's about their search engine and maps it is really quite good.To be fair I also add that I never was one of those &#34;many apps&#34; people. I own an iPad and barely have enough apps to fill the home screen. So in other words - I'm not missing the fact that there is way less apps than for iOS, but I could see that as a critical point for others.All in all - I love the interface and the phone, very stable (as every Nokia) thanks to the smooth back it doesn't get scratched.

love the phone but its not new first phone the screen was gouged and could tell instantly it was a used phone. second phone screen scratched not gouged like first phone but still scratched being offered as new don't fall for it. as far as the phone itself great phone played with the windows with my Wi-Fi debating if I wanna keep it or not if its takes as long to receive a refund as it did my second phone from tablet distributors I might as well keep it as my current provider service is failing fast in my area

In general I think that this cell phone is completely  awesome the only think that I don't love at all is that the windows system needs to have more opportunity to be costume

The product met my expectations & was good value for money ! The best thing i liked about the phone is the stand by battery life which came up to over a week !!

love it but was defective had to return it bought another one and now the battery is the problem. I don't think that am supposed to order a nokia lumia 900 am getting all defective phones. SMS

I bought one phone and it was good. So that, I ordered another one for my wife. The second one was very bad. It did not come in a original box. The charger was not for that phone and looks very cheap and low quality. The USB cable to connect to computer was missing. The sim door key was missing either. So that I have just returned it today. Can not understand why they could sell that product. I really hate to return things as I waste my time for searching, ordering, returning, and shopping again.Amazon must select providers more carefully!

I ordered 2 phones of same type to gift my dad and mom, I received 2 phones on time and I was very happy for it. When I opened the box, I saw both the boxes were not sealed and one phone had a scratch on the sceen and on the other one, a plastic chip was ripped. This part made me very dissapointing. Finally, I decided not present these phones to my parents and all my plans were messed up. I will never ever do or suggest any one to order with TABLET DISTRIBUTORS.

THE PHONE IS NICE ,BUT MINE REQUIRED A SEND BACK TO NOKIA FOR A REPAIR.IT COULD NOT BE REPAIRED SO I AM RECEIVING A NEW PHONE . I THINK ITS A PROBLEM WT. THE BATTERY .IAM ALSO FORCED TO BUY A NEW SIM CARD FROM STRAIGHT TALK BECAUSE I HAVE A NEW SERIAL #ON THE PHONE.,ALTHOUGHT IF IT WERE A PHONE  SUPPLIED BY THEM (S.T.) U CAN USE THE OLD SIM CARD !!!!!!! THANK YOU STRAIGHT TALK!!!!

The phone is great,I just can't understand why some sellers such that one post a faulse description,it's not unlocked,shame on you,that's cheating...

The only thing that sucks is the app market I miss instrgram. It takes amazing pictures and is easy to use.

Because it has the same camera as Iphone has, I bought. But when I take the pictures or videos, it can not beat Iphone at all, especially at night. I am a little bit disappointed. I used to use a HTC, and my data worked well. By this phone, I always lost my data connection. I don't know why it happens.

I have been using a Blackberry Curve for the last 3 1/2 years and avoiding a smartphone because of the additional costs associated with new activations. However, I decided that it may be time to upgrade since I would like to be able to use this phone overseas on travel. I did some research - thought about going with the new Blackberry Q10 - but the outright unlocked purchase price is high and I wanted to test out an unlocked GSM phone before I went hog wild on the phone of my dreams.I went with the 900 because it is affordable but not too outdated yet (although the 925 AT&T; and 928 Verizon are already out). I read great reviews on the design and wanted to go with something other than the iPhone.I was not disappointed.Kudos to Feel Good Sales - the product was unlocked and worked right out of the box when I took it down to T-Mobile for a SIM card. It was just as advertised - new (AT&T;), unlocked.Please keep in mind that there are many different vendors that sell under the same item number so you don't really know who the seller is. I chose to go with an Amazon Fulfilled seller, believing that there is a bit more consumer protection if they are responsible for the processing of the transaction. Also believing that if a seller uses Amazon to fulfill, they are probably selling what they're advertising since returns seem to be processed through Amazon also. In any case, be careful which vendor you choose and check their ratings. I read some of the reviews for other vendors (especially direct sales) that would lead me to believe that not all sellers are created equal.So, it's super easy to set up the Lumia 900 and I found lots of forum hints on it. The one thing that I had a problem with to start was sending and receiving MMS (pics through text). But I found a topic online that told me I needed to download the Network Setup app from Nokia and select my provider - it worked perfectly.Marketplace is really easy for downloading apps because I already have an Microsoft e-mail account. I am not a heavy user of apps so I don't really have much to say about them but they're there and I will probably look into them more.I have read lots of reviews saying the battery life is short but then so it is for the iPhone. Do your research but I think the Lumia 900 is a good choices - especially for me, as a starter smartphone that I wouldn't be afraid to take overseas. I think at some point, I might want to get a newer, international model - hopefully after they improve battery life (according to the critics).But in the meantime, I'm thrilled!

Only thing I don't like about this one is camera.  Other than that, after going through two updates via pc (no over the air update available), it's smooth, fast, and awesome.  However, I don't know why Zune music is displayed instead of Xbox music even after updating the phone.  Because of this , I can't use xbox music pass.  Other than that, 16gb is plenty, (I had problems with LG L9 because it came with only 4GB, hard to install apps).  No microSD though.  I refuse to pay $700 for a phone. This is perfect.  THere are many windows apps.  I only use navigation, yelp, kindle, flixter, and audible so it's great.  Oh and the GMail is not accessible, there is no app for it, you have to go to the browser.  Bluetooth works great with my car.  I canceled Rhapsody because Rhapsody on windows phone, at least this one, is slow and lagging.  So I uploaded music tracks and the navigation for music is better than android apps I used before.  Battery life is descent too.  Phone is a lot heavier than say, LG Optimus L9 but have a stronger built feel than Lumia 521.  I returned 521 due to volume button defect and freezing. It's funny because 521 had microSD and xbox music.  Too bad button stopped working, 521 is cheaper too.  But anyway I like this phone.PS: It came in AT&T; packaging even though it advertised as Unlocked GSM.  Phone also has AT&T; logo on it.  I am under TMobile.  Anyway it works and I like windows better than android in terms of getting rid of default network provider's apps easily since I am on T Mobile.  With an android phone, this would be impossible, at least the android phones I've used.  For example, I tried hard to get rid of at&t; apps on my Motorola phone when I switched to TMobile but I couldn't.

I was very disappointed. When I purchased the phone it said new, but it wasn't. The phone had a couple scratches and it was repackaged. It did not come in a Nokia lumia box and the only thing I got was a charger. The phone itself works fine but the seller failed.

Few days after I received the phone it was already starting freezing, turning off on its own and stuffs like that. I contacted JOYCELLS they told me it was normal and wasn't a major problem. Its been a little bit more than 3 MONTHS since I bought this phone and suddently 4 day ago it froze again as it usually does and till today it has never been on since. I lost my money purchasing this. I've always been a fan of Nokia phones. I still like the brand and my dad is using this same phone he purchased a years and half ago and its still working great. Nokia phones are great, I guess I just received a defective phone or whatsoever.

The box shows heavy use, the cell can see that they have been using and most importantly is incomplete, ie missing the handsfree, did not come in the box. I demand the return of my money and deceiving buyers

It has it all. Huge capacity, thousands of great free applications, you can switch between all the open applications and windows easily, good camera and video, battery lasts all day if you keep location GPS and some other stuff off while not in use. I only have problems receiving some picture messages but all the positive in the phone outgrow and I don't complain at all. Bistrop and Instagram can't be install nowadays, maybe they'll fix that soon. I love it. Great Smart phone.

i love this phone. it is good for a starter windows phone i would have to say. and no the power button isn't hard to push.you do how ever have to fully push in the camera button but that's ok. and i ordered a net10 sim card for the phone and i cant w8 till it gets here so i can use the phone properly. and i love the no network no wifi working gps it is cool. only bad thing i see with it and it isnt that big of a deal but there is no actual contacts list which will be confusing at first.but all in all i love this phone

great peice easy to handle and i like it very mcuh this is my third gift to my friend pefect

ok....... so what happened with my order. It is clearly advertised that its a CYAN BLUE phone. instead i got a black!!!!unbelievable. I paid for the cyan. How did this happen????

First off, the phone is gorgeous. Love the rectangular shape and sharp edges. Everything's good except for a few things. The microphone is on the bottom of the phone so sometimes people tell me they have a hard time hearing me and that I sound muffled. Another thing is that you can't personalize the phone too much. For example, you cannot use a song from your own music collection to be your alarm tone. If there is a way, I don't know it.

I ordered 2 of these phones (1 for me and 1 for my hubby).  They are both perfect and work well with our carrier!  Thank you so much!!

Thanks for all the Nokia lumia 900 I arrived on time and in my house I like it is a excellent condition and as a customer I'm happy thank you very much

The phone was received just as stated in the description. Everything as expected. I really like it amazing !!!!! :)

The phone is awesome. I have this phone now since one month and I have no problem with it. It is big, it looks great, it is perfect.Also I am really happy, that I choosed Windows Phone this time. To everyone: Windows Phone is really different, so you have to get used to it, but it is now in my eyes the best of all the OS for me!The service had no problems. I ordered the phone and it arrived after 7 days, it was new, everything was top!

my wife an I are very happy with our phones great customer service we will be buying more phones in the future with wireless extrathanks christopher

it was not unlocked at all one month after purchasing the phone i decided to try it and t was unlock sufferation

everything is perfect, good job Nokia,  low price and great product. I will recommend everyone to buy this phone .

This is the best phone I have ever owned.  Coming from an Iphone, the only thing I really miss was the number of apps.  But after a few weeks I realized that 99% of the apps I had installed on my iphone I never used.  Most were games and other useless junk.Here is what makes this windows phone awesome (other than it looking super sexy).  Microsoft have tiles for everything.  I can take a folder in my gmail and turn it into its own tile.  When gmail sorts my email (from my mom) into that folder, I see number of new messages right on that tile.  Each contact can be its own tile.  So i have my 3 best friends as tiles on my home screens and i get updates from their twitter / facebook, and emails.The tile setup is like having a CEO dashboard.  This phone is 100% all business.  And coming from a company where everyone has iphones and blackberries I cant tell you how many people have seen my phone and become super jelous!

Love this phone, easy to use, screen clear and video and audio output is excellent. Its light and I love the colour.

I got my Nokia Lumia 920 from AT&T; 1 month ago exactly, and today it turned itself off. I've been unable to get it to turn back on. The folks at AT&T; were also unable to help me turn it back on, so they're mailing me a new one. But if I could have my way, I would trade it in for an Android. The camera on this thing is excellent, no doubt about that, but most apps are developed only for Android or iPhone. I can't get many of my favorite apps on this, so it definitely left me wanting. Games that were free on my Samsung cost $1.99 on a Nokia.AND THERE IS NO POSSIBLE WAY TO REPLACE THE BATTERY ON THIS THING. I want everyone to be aware of that. Though I hear that most of the newer phones are heading in that direction. Manufacturers are starting to get greedy. Now when the battery dies, we can't just go out and buy a new battery. The entire phone will have to be replaced.It's big and clumsy. I miss my Samsung. The call clarity is great, the OS is good, and it links up very well with hotmail (all of my camera pics were on my SkyDrive, even though I didn't put them there). I just feel like all these perks would also have come with a Samsung. That's it.

it says their selling it brand new and when I caught a cold was used in a little scratched up and cracked and I got a f***** cut

I chose this phone because I like the features. The problem is when I send multiple text it come back UNSEND. I had to resend it individually. Also some incoming text I am unable to open because it shows a link to download media contact, but when I click on the link it doesn't download.HELP

My phone wouldnt charge and i also waited a week after i got my phone in the mail for a Wireless charging plate and it still didnt charge. i also open the phone up and found missing 3-4 missing screws so, my phone was tampered with when in the description NEW NOKIA LUMIA nothing saying it was used and opened that is false advertising and im PISSED OFF about all of it!!!

The Nokia Lumia 900 smartphone features a large and vibrant 4.3&#34; AMOLED ClearBlack Display. The AMOLED (active-matrix organic light-emitting diode) technology increases the refresh rate of the screen and enhances the contrast ratio while reducing energy consumption to increase battery life. The ClearBlack Display (CBD) feature blocks incoming light reflections through a polarized layer to improve screen visibility under direct sunlight. This smartphone does not shy away from technology to enrich the user experience.

&#34;hey, i received the phone on time but i have had so many issues with it the few days i have had it. It has echoes when i make phone calls whereby i cant be heard on the other side, the phone freezes when i try to unlock the screensaver, and it shows sim card error when the sim card is ok because i tried it on another phone. I'm really disappointed in this purcahse..get back to me ASAP thanks.&#34;

I bought this for my bro who's studying in the States and he loves it so far, he said. Makes me wanna get one for me.

I love this phone, phone gets a  star zune gets zero star too difficult to use even for a pc nerd like me.

I love my Nokia Lumia. It was a bit tough to get used to at first but luckily my brother had the same phone for a while so he helped me. My mom also has this phone and she loves it too. It's a great phone! A bit pricey but worth it!

I bought this phone because I wanted to use it on TMobile. I've only been frustrated thus far. Because it was originally an AT&T phone, the picture messaging is all screwed up. I actually regret not waiting the extra month or so for the Lumia 820... at least that Nokia was released on TMobile... Overall, the phone os great; I do LOVE Windows phones.

This cellphone was a gift for my wife. Although it took her a Little while to get to understand the format, once she got it down she got hooked on the phone!!! Happy, happy!!!

I have this phone for two weeks. Its great phone with 4g speed and good call qaulity. Only problem is that it freezed up twice during two weeks of usage. I have to turn off and on for phone to work Again.Nokia Lumia 900 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Windows 7.5 OS, AMOLED Touchscreen, 8MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, FM Radio - Cyan Blue

I rate it with one star for the following:the screen is scratchedthe four corners of the phone are battered and deformedThe screen showed humidity insideCharger is genericno hands free devicePRODUCT IS NOT AS DESCRIBED ON PAGE

First of all i wanted to say Amazon has been very prompt in refunding my money for this phone. I think I may have gotten a manufacture defect or a refurbished phone, from the start it showed problems like; Freezing up, controls not working properly, search engine would pop up while talking on the phone or texting. It froze up a couple times and i couldn't even turn it off to reboot it, so i figured how to soft boot it. Furthermore I wasn't very happy that most banks don't have mobile apps for the windows phone. I have recently had my refund processed and purchased a droid phone, which i;m very happy with so far.

Hi,I bought a cell phone by Amazon with the following description: "Nokia 900 Lumia Blue (Cyan) Factory Unlocked", Sold by: BLUTEKUSA.When I got the phone I was surprised that box and cell phone were "at&t;", since the main reason why buy the cell phone was because it was factory unlocked. Also when I insert the SIM, the phone displays a message requesting an unlock code.I wrote to the company and I received excellent advice to unlock the phone.I am very happy with my phone. It's greatThanks.

esxcelente phone, is very nice and very updated features, the camera has a spectacular and very definite resolution, the internet speed is great no doubt this phone is great

My husband loves this phone, is unlock but need Micro Sim card ,which you can get for free with T Mobile!

My rating would have been five stars, but it is a little difficult learning all of the functions, attractive color, design.

Windows phones are great.. especially love the active tiles which allow you to quickly access your apps.The only draw back I have seen so far is that there is not a windows app for Sirius XM radio.  Someone need to quickly correct this issue and the phone will be the best I owned, so far.... Memories is great, accessing apps is very easy and the phone is a good sized for big handed people like myself.

I bought the phone expecting tht it would be unlocked as advertised and was very disappointed tht it  wasn't. Had to wait a whole 20 days to get it unlocked and paid a whole lot more. Tht was not cool but I got it to work and the data service still had issues

I bought this phone on November/2012. About one week ago, its touchscreen simply stopped working. I've turned it off and on several times but to no success. Searched the net for an explanation and a solution with no success. The only solution was to take it to an authorized repair office. I'm still waiting for their answer about what happened to my phone.

Awesome phone and you can update it to windows 7.8 through Zune, but you can get it for $150 plus tax directly from amazon.com I ended up paying $163 total.

I loved the phone but it started malfunctioning in late January early February.  It keeps freezing up on me and the battery dies way too fast.  Thing is, I'm in the caribbean now and can't return or replace it.

I love this phone. I have one so I bought my wife one just like it. My only complaint is the sound is not very loud in the headphones. Not sure if there is an adjustment for that or not. It seems to be louder by bluetooth, so that is the workaround.

This was my first smartphone. I am mildly impressed.  When it works it is great but boy is this is a Windows phone!! :[# Great I can carry my word document with me!# Wait one minute did my phone just freeze up?My sister and I had a head to head battle over who's smart phone was coolest she has an Iphone 5.  In the middle of the text battle my phone screen froze.  I had to turn off the phone and reboot. As a devote PC user we are all used to that. She laughed but I had a slighted chuckle as we discussed the bills. I have greater freedom and control of cost because I can switch carriers since my affordable smartphone is not tethered to one carrier she can not.  Isn't this the classic PC vs Apple debate do you want a usable gadget that you afford or a perfect gadget that cost a mint?Things that Nokia can improve:No I am not getting a Microsoft account are you serious? Another account for me to forget the password to and spend money for app that are last week before I master them?No!!!Still have not got the radio app to work.Please how do you remove all that AT & T stuff?Other than that no complaints.Update, I have had this phone for four months and I can not receive picture that are texted to me and this phone does not work with Family Mobile data plan.  I have downloaded updated and turn myself inside out trying to figure out what am I doing wrong.  This phone although stating unlock can not be used to almost any but talk text and music storage without AT&T.;  I left AT&T; because they are so expensive and in Chicago calls are dropped constantly I did not want to go back but here I am crawling back to AT&T; buying a more expensive and limited data plan just to make this stupid phone work.  This is not unlocked as stated and will not work well with other wireless plans with web and pictures don't waste your money.

I received this phone and on powering it up all I got was a white screen, unable to see any icon.Nokia Lumia 900 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Windows 7.5 OS, AMOLED Touchscreen, 8MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, FM Radio - Cyan Blue

The phone is NOT unlocked and I had to pay extra to make it unlocked. will think twice about ordering again.

Nokia is Nokia, not matter how Nokia took to rel&eacute;ase or get in to the Smartphone world,  and with Microsoft it would be number one again

I am really not very happy with this phone...Windows and Bill Gates have gotten a little too cute with all the &#34;features&#34; this phone has to offer!  Too complicated to add contacts; to complicated to bluetooth contacts from old phone to new one. Does not accept certain apps and features; ie, Yahoo Messenger; Amazon MP3 player; ... Also, got T-Mobile for my service (another &#34;recommendation&#34;)  and phone stays in &#34;emergency&#34; mode most of the time!  Will need to change my service!  Not good!Love Nokia, great camera; good phone and phone features; spent too much money to not use it now; but, truly disappointed!  Wish I had purchased a Nokia WITHOUT  Windows platform!  Frustrated!

I love technology and I am convinced that if you have not yet used a windows phone then you do not know what a perfectly smooth operating system is like. There are so many advantages to this phone in comparison to the iphone, and even some top name android phones. However I am actually going to move up to the nokia lumia 920 simply because I want to use the OS 8 operating system. I would definitely stick to these type of phones but it may also help to have a different OS too because in every phone there are advantages and diadvantages. That is maybe why I have two.... Every customer likes and dislikes are different so find out as much as you can before making a purchase.

This phone is great! It's the best phone I've ever owned. I have been a dedicated high end Android user, but I found this phone to be a much more satisfying experience than either the iPhone or the Android phones. I want an OS that will meet my current needs and have a great user interface with a good amount of apps available for me to manage my daily mobile cell phone use, and not have to make expensive phone upgrades all the time. The Nokia Lumia 900 is a very well constructed phone.The aesthetics are pleasing, it's modern and function goes well beyond my expectations. It operates very fast and smooth even though it has a single core processor and only 512MB on RAM. If you are not aware of these specs, you might think it has a multi-core processor and more RAM on board. Nokia has come up with a phone that is both pleasing in design and very efficient when it comes to performance. The screen is bright with beautiful color saturated screen, and seems to have less glare outside when it's sunny. I can actually read the screen in such conditions. This is a big plus for me! It has 16GB of ROM, which is plenty by itself, but pared with the 7GB of frees cloud storage, it's more than enough for me. I really don't know what the fuss is about concerning the number of apps available for Windows Phones. Unless you are some kind of developer or techy person, there are plenty of apps available for this phone (both from MS, Nokia and third party) for the everyday cell phone user, even business user. The game apps seems so much more refined (probably because there are a lot of Xbox games available for this phone) and they run beautifully on this phone. I travel a lot and I'm really looking forward to  using this phone on my trips. I have always liked Nokia phones because of the quality build and support. When I started using a smartphone I got away from Nokia phones and started my Android experience. Now that Nokia has chosen to team up with MS to re-enter the smartphone market, I wanted to try their phones again. What a lovely surprise! I'm crazy for the Lumia 900 and look forward to future offerings from Nokia, if and when I get tired of this phone or need to upgrade. I recommend this phone, it's quality at affordable prices. Great design, sturdy, fast and very easy to use, especially if you run Windows 8 on your computer. Try it! You won't be sorry. By it from Amazon, the best place to shop and that's coming from a person that doesn't or ever has worked for them. I forgot to tell you that there is an upgrade of the operating system to 7.8, which is very similar to Windows 8, available for this phone. It's very easy to install, just install Zune on your Windows computer, connect your phone to USB,  and it will find the upgrade and instruct you how to install.

Pros: Intuitive, easy-to-use interface. Many tasks can be completed in less time than on Apple and Android devices. Boots fast, decent battery life (always lasts through the day). Stable and reliable. Exclusive Nokia apps like &#34;Music&#34; and &#34;Drive&#34; give the device an edge over other manufacturer's windows phones.As for design, the sleek, uni-body device really stands out. The dedicated camera button can wake the phone, unlock it, and have the user snapping photos immediately.Integration with Skydrive works very well.Cons: Windows app store is kind of limited, but only if you're looking for a few specific apps. There are third-party workarounds for most popular apps. Not compatible with Windows Phone 8 apps unless the developer ports it over.Camera quality is not as great as it should be. Some photos have a yellowish tint to them. This can be fixed with an auto-fix feature that's built-in to the device, but it's an extra step that seems unnecessary.

I must admit I was desperate for a phone and excited about the price and didn't realize it was one of the first versions, much older. I like windows set up it is very easy to use. If you love browsing lots of websites it can be a pain because it doesn't support flash player. I'm getting another phone soon and have had this one for three months. If you aren't super high tech needy this is a good smart phone especially for first time smart phone users.

Got this phone last week and really like it, although they unboxed itnow i'm waiting for WP version 7.8

Battery isn't as good as I expected from Nokia, if not left alone would go flat in 12 hours. But overall really good. Impressed

Ever since I got the phone, I've had to use WI-FI to make calls. Not for the internet, TO MAKE CALLS AND GET ONLINE FROM IT.At no point did the seller mention that issue or the phone CANNOT receive pictures via text message. And because it was passed the first 30 days, the seller won't do anything to make this right, not even the smallest refund on this not so cheap costing product.I will make sure everyone knows not to buy from this seller! They pride themselves on swindling their customers.

This phone really made me happy. I wanted to save money so I went with an unlocked on a pay as you go plan. The WP7.8 is great. It does take a little setting up to get the best results. I am getting a lot more out of it than I got from my Iphone. The screen is a great size the candy bar shape Is great in your hand. The weight is perfect for me does not feel like a piece of plastic. The speaker on the phone is better quality than the Iphone. The music quality is good and the nokia specific windows phone apps are really good particularly the Nokia Music and the City Lens. I will mention although this is no reflection on the phone itself that the number of apps available did not match the iphone but I can still use my browser to access some of the missing banking apps. The accessories are resnobly priced also.

Bad product phone does not workIt's a rip off don't buy this phone it will never. Not even internet

These are great for international use and that is what they were purchased for! I purchased about 3 phones for the kids.

I bought this phone for my daughter's birthday. It was all good when we received it even though the seal was broken.I thought that was due to our customs checking to ensere. It appears now that the back arrow is not going back all the time and the dpone is sticking at times.I am so disappointed with this phone.I do not think that a phone for this price should be giving any trouble at all.....:(  :(

This phone is the first smart phone i have ever owned. It's a good looking phone, and takes pretty pictures.Everything is pretty good. But the main flaw for me is the battery life is not very long (especially if i'm using apps or taking photos), and once the battery dies it takes a while in the charger to be able to turn back on again. It's a hassle having to recharge it all the time.

Overall I really like this phone. Only negative is the shortfall of apps compared to iPhone and android. Battery life is good enough and the speed is very good. Like the windows environment and live tiles. I have not been able to find a good clock app, would like a live tile clock.

I only gave 4 stars because of the camera...it is raved about all over the internet but when using it, my kids with the iphones had much better pictures and videos.  I enjoy the Windows phone as compared to the Android or iphone.  Easy for me to use and fits well in my hand.  Of the phones I have had, Nokia is great and their customer service is prompt and thorough.

I purchased the Nokia Lumia 900 from Cell-Source on July 5, 2013.  The phone is sold by various sellers with orders fulfilled by Amazon. Therefore, product reviews for this phone appear on each individual seller's product page.  If you have comments for the seller, you may or may not be able to leave the seller feedback.Although Cell-Source did advertise the Nokia Lumia 900 as a "Brand New" unlocked GSM phone and the phone had no noticeable defects, the product packaging needs to be improved.  The seal on the box was broken, the screen protector didn't adhere very well, the USB cable wasn't secured and the manual appeared to be used. What Cell-Source didn't advertise is that the Nokia Lumia 900 is  AT&T; unlocked (versus factory unlocked) with some AT&T; apps.While you can uninstall the apps, the AT&T; logo is permanent.  When I turn on the phone, I see the swirl plus "Rethink Possible".  However since it's unlocked, it can be used with GSM carriers other than AT&T.;  I use a T-Mobile SIM card and it works fine.  It's a neat phone and I'm looking forward to perusing the tutorials available on the Internet to learn more.  However, I do wish I could remove all of the AT&T; stuff.In addition to the product and seller reviews, I suggest taking a look at the "Customer Questions & Answers" section on this product page to find out more about the Nokia Lumia 900 prior to purchasing.

We have a walmart family mobile account that works with any phone that takes a sim card. We were skeptical on this phone because right off the bat the picture messaging didn't work.  Turns out it was just a configuration detail that was fixed after some online searching.  Phone works great.  The color is very different.  Gets compliments.  Being able to hear in noisy and quiet environments is good.  Texting, signal and email all good.  Was a great price for a good phone.

this phone is pretty good. It's unlocked so you can use it anywhere around the world. I love it and will recommend.

it did not meet the description. It was not unlocked and was damaged, so no one can unlock it and I've been phone-less for 3 weeks now.

This phone is for old people who and people not tech savvy.  I bought this phone and it sucks.  Your limited with apps,  You can't change the message ringtones to an customized tone.  It is for people who are learning technology. I have a clue with technology and I feel stupid using this phone.  On the plus side, this phone is really sturdy. The camera takes great pictures.

Bought the phone for my sons birthday  . Have the phone since October 2 but it is useless to him. Its advertise as unlock but its not. We are unable to get the code to unlock it. Stuck with a expensive paper weight.

since I received the phone I have not been able to use because it asks me for a code to unlock. And in Venezuela I have sought someone that knows how to unlock it and nobody knows. Now I do not know what to do with the phone. I feel very cheated

A friend showed me his 900 and I was so impressed I went out and bought a used one (locked to AT&T;) to try out.I tested it  on the NET10 network, (which uses AT&T;) with the impression that Nokia phones were good, but the Windows software was not....it turned out the Nokia phone is the best I have ever owned, the Windows 7.8 is also very good. The phone is very attractive and has caught a lot of attention, it is extremely well built, very clear screen, with scratch free gorilla glass and a rigid case made of some kind of resin.Pluses...Calls are very clear,Both cameras are amazing, the flash is also very good. The camera button is very conveniently located.The charge lasts all day better than previous phones.The speaker is excellent for a tiny device like this...I am very impressed.Skype is just phenomenal on this phone! best quality sound and video I have ever seen on a phone!All the APPS I need are there!Nokia Maps...BRILLIANT!Bing Translater....BRILLIANT!I also use Skype, Google voice, Watsapp, Amazon Mobile/Kindle, Netflix, Facebook, Twitter, Tune In Radio & Tango on this phone!Has yet to freeze or crash after two weeks. A first!MinusesThere is no external memory slot (though it does have a built in 16GB memory, more than enough for my needs)Battery is non-removable (shame)Conclusion.This phone has really impressed me and I would recommended it to anyone who needs a well built phone that is reliable, with clear calls and decent battery life!Is it better than an I phone? No idea, never owned one! It is better, way better than some Android phones I have owned but I am sure as good as the current  higher end Android, it just depends on your personal preferences.As regards "APPS" I found all the apps I needed, Nokia Maps is an impressive stand in for Google Maps, Bing Translater is really very impressive too!I have had no regrets at all about switching to this phone and if you are willing to try it, I think you will like it!

I chose to get the 900 series after hearing complaints about Windows 8. This is my first full size smart phone and the ease of use is amazing. Without a book, I was able to add contacts, etc. Note: If you are buying a smart phone for the first time, the SIM card from your previous phone will not fit. It uses a micro SIM card. Make sure you have your contacts backed up. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this phone.

I bought it 7months ago and it still working.i definetely love it...the camera is great, u can do anything u want with.the only point that bothers me is that i can t have instagram

Windows Phone is awesome. It has a fresh interface than those of Android or Apple and great phones.Great Buy. AWESOME.

im not going to say anything about windows phone because you should already know but the hardware on this phone is beautiful i did not expect it to look this good. the camera is nice nothing amazing but not bad and the screen looks beautiful

The ability to transfer the existing contacts from the old SIM to the new phone should work, but for some odd reason that feature is turned off on this phone. Is it a Windows 7 limitation or a phone defect, it was good enough reason for me to return the phone back.

I've had the Nokia Lumina 900 for about a year and have not had a positive experience.  I initially purchased it through Best Buy for a two year AT&T; contract.  I had multiple Nokia phones in the past (the awesome indestructible Meme ones) and was really excited about this phone because it was my first smart phone and I did not want an iPhone.  Long story short, this phone looks nice, but it has given me nothing but problems.  About two weeks ago I woke up one morning to it being worse than ever.  I have not dropped it or done anything to break it.  There is no visible external damage but the issues that it has are significant (detailed below).  I went into Best Buy and they told me to contact Nokia.  I contacted Nokia and kept asking for help to get it fixed (even for a fee) and they said that there was nothing they could do - that I would need to take it to a third party repair vendor.  Right now I'm looking at other phones and having to pay outside of contract.The Pros:- Looks sleek.  I do like the Windows UI with the tiles.  People do like it and comment on it.  Because I've had good luck with Nokia in the past and I did like this phone initially before the issues started, I will give it two stars.- Size.  I've seen many different phones and after using this phone and getting used to it, the iPhones seems to small and the Galaxys seem too big.  This one feels just right.The Cons:- Camera: I've compared the camera to my friend's iPhones and Galaxy pictures and I have to say I prefer their pictures more.  The Lumina 900's pictures offer less brightness and contrast and end up being darker and blurrier in my experience.- Battery life currently ~ 2 hrs (I've had it about a year and expected the battery to still be going strong).- Messaging and internet does not work (this is broken for me, so my experience may be atypical)- Windows OS.  It has some good points and some bad.  I do not like how they require MS Zune for updates.  Added account flexibility would also help instead of forcing Windows Live.  It comes across as Windows forcing people to use their peripheral products when I don't need it.  I don't know too many people who have a Windows Live accounts as their primary email.  I know this is the OS and not the hardware, but it does make a difference.- Initially group texts would just be seen as a single text from one person, and if you replied it would only go to him or her and not the group.  That was frustrating for planning.- The Customer Support.  I emailed them with my problems and they sent canned replies each time until by the third time they just said they could not help.  I know this lack of support is common through the industry, but I still don't like it.- I've had common issues of it just shutting down and glitching and sometimes missing calls since about a few months after getting it.  It got a lot worse about two weeks ago and I'm not sure what happened.Overall I may have just received a lemon phone, so take my review for what it is.  If you get one that works, then I'd be a fine phone.  Didn't work for me and I'll probably try another manufacturer out next.

I thought the phone was blocked, but luckily with the excellent support of the people of Cellular Ross told me how to make it workThe phone is preloaded by Att but works perfectly in any company recommend people to buy Cellular Ross are very attentive and caring, a pleasure to deal with them

The phone itself is value for money. Not many apps & features like iphone. battery lasts about 1-2 days max depending on how much you talk. iphone battery life is much better.

I Ordered Nokia Lumia 900 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Windows 7.5 OS, AMOLED Touchscreen, 8MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, FM Radio - Cyan Blue from BREED.  But i got this phone with AT&T Carrier. Doesnt seem to be unlocked phone.

This is my first smart phone.  WOW.  I am still learning all the functions.  I did not receive the manual for this phone but found lots of help in the software settings and setup sections.  Just purchased a set of Bluetooth headphones and I highly recommend this if you enjoy music and like to have the option of hands-free talking while driving or working around the house.  Everyone who has seen the phone is impressed and our grandchildren love to play games and listen to music with it.  Just learned how to access the photos in the skydrive &#34;cloud&#34; which is awesome.  I had been copying photos from my phone to my PC and then onto SanDiscs for years in order to have backup copies.  I am still a newbie but learning more and loving the whole experience!

It's the best phone I've ever bought so far. I recommend to anyone who is looking for a good phone for a affordable price.

because i could'nt update it and shuffle background by facebook but i like it .It very cute and nice so it keep it

I bought this phone because i heard so many great things about it however, it does NOT allow many apps at all quite disappointing since I love instagram this really broke my heart its a great phone but not if your an app person

Bought this phone as a xmas gift for myself. Spent too much on the product and the seller took forever to ship it even though I had 2 day shipping on it. I ended up receiving the phone 2 weeks later. They promised me a $25 refund which I still have not seen on my credit card. When the phone finally got here everything seemed ok, until I found out it was defective from the internal hardware. Apps started by themselves randomly whenever the speaker was used and I could not use it too much. I sent it to Nokia in Dallas, Texas under the warranty it still had and they sent it back to me in 2 weeks with a letter that said &#34;we could not re-create your problem, and therefore could not repair your device.&#34; I went to a local cell phone store and bought a Blackberry Bold for $180 instead which has performed great! I stored this Nokia phone for about 2 weeks and I ended up selling it on craigslist for $90. THE PHONE COST ME $300 HERE AT AMAZON and I only used it for about a week. BE careful with this seller and this phone.

Good phone, however, the whole zune operation I don't like, very difficult just to get a personalised ring tone =(

I bought this phone on april 2013  the menu button and back button don't work  they got frozen i can't even return it

It is well built, wonderful camera, plenty of memory, clear signal, thousands of apps and it does not crash.It does what it is supposed to do and really well. And this is from a professional Mac user. Windows has a decent product here.Finally !

The Nokia Lumia 900 was my first smartphone. Im a programmer, so I really appreciate how easy it is to write software for it. That being said, the phoen itself is what I'm rating so lets get to it.The Good:I love the feature-rich experience and the battery life is quite good. Despite what I have read from other websites it seems fairly light to me (then again, I don't like owning a smartphone that feels like its gonna float away). The speaker is one of the loudest I have ever heard on a smartphone, and it outputs really good quality audio too! The camera takes excelent quality photos and I feel that it is quite feature-rich. The flash is extremely bright, and makes a good flashlight in a pinch. the case is so tough that I dare someone to try and break it. I have yet to scratch the phone case itself and I have had this phone for about 6 months now (I tend to drop my phone, so this is impressive).The Bad:Let me first say that I DO NOT have a problem with the hardware. I have a few compaints about the software though. If you know about WP already then the rest of this section won't help you. That being said, I would dearly like to be able to make playlists on the go without the need to sync with zune software. I will also be excited when more developers get apps into the store (although all the ones I need are already there). My biggest issue right now is the OS upgrade, or rather the lack of one. WP8 came out and lumia 900 users kinda got the shaft.Bottom Line:This phone is an excelent choice! The price is excelent, the calls are clear, the interface is sleek, and the phone is near indestructable. I would like to see some love from microsoft in regaurds to software upgrades, but other than that I would (and do) recomend this phone to anyone who wants a good, dependable phone.

I received my phone before the expected arrival date and in excellent condition - New, and the color cyan blue is beautiful. The phone is simply great. It is easy to use, with lots of features, and well built. Good Nokia quality as expected. I have always been a fan of Nokia phones and the Nokia /Microsoft combination is perfect. The touch screen is becoming easier each time. The phone is indeed unlocked and I did take it to my initial cell provider. However,I was not pleased with the speed offered by them and had to switch to another provider - Digicel in the Caribbean is now my new cell provider. What a difference and the 4G LTE speed is simply amazing. Very pleased in all areas, and the phone did not let me down. Additional update to follow if necessary as I use the phone.UPDATE 20 Dec 12:Please note that the seller of my Nokia Lumia 900 unlocked cell phone was Masterdeals. My cell was indeed unlocked and I was able to communicate with them. Still very pleased with the Nokia Lumia 900 !UPDATE 14 SEPT 13:This phone is still working very well. I have never had an issue with it, and I will say over and over again, "I really like my phone". Its fast ( good provider ), and I even read books on my phone. Its like my mini PC with easy use of the Microsoft office. I have also dropped it many times, but fortunately it was well protected. Lots of apps, and I am able to track my morning run/walk without a glitch. Unfortunately windows phones are missing the app for Magic Jack, and that is the only important app that I am lacking. Waiting on Magic jack to create an app for Windows phones ! Love the live tiles, and like that I can organize them how I want them - reminds me of my desktop. As you use the phone, you will learn the features. Still a great phone !!!

The Windows platform is a nice change from the traditional Android or Apple phones.  I am a TMobile subscriber so bought the unlocked phone.  Didn't like that it has AT&T printed on the screen in the upper right hand corner, but LOVE that I can remove all of the pre-installed AT&T apps!!  Most phones, you are stuck with whatever apps they load for you and you can't get rid of them. Not a problem on this phone. Also, this was my first experience with an on-screen keyboard.  I have always stuck with phones with a full QWERTY keyboard for texting because I hated how small the keys are on-screen, but this one is perfectly spaced and large enough so I dont make typos!  Oh, and when I do make a typo (especially in texting) it has spell-check AND auto-corrects some of the words for me!!  Phone is very easy to navigate and works great!! I love it!!

A very good phone and i could not wanted more. the light is excellent and the camera is very good. the features excellent.

Today is 10/9/13.  My Phone has not even SHIPPED. And, not a word from the SHIPPER!!  WHASSUP???  I NEED MY NEW PHONE.  TIRED OF DOING WITHOUT!!Nokia Lumia 900 16GB Unlocked GSM Phone with Windows 7.5 OS, AMOLED Touchscreen, 8MP Camera, GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, FM Radio - Cyan Blue

It connected me with my family .i am using it without any problem.the best is the camera which is 8mega pixels.

I am sure this is a good product, but was unable to use it. When the Nokia 900 arrived, I found that it used a micro SD and mine was the regular size. Maybe I did not read all the information before I ordered. Anyway, I returned to Amazon and was refunded. Thanks Amazon.

Received this last month and and only problem i have encountered is that the person on the other end of the line barely hears me

dont waste your time buying this phone to use on Net10 service, the picture mails dont work, doesnt matter what combinations of APN setting you do.  The apps store for window phone is ten years behind everyone elses.  They dont even have simple app like American Express, and TD bank.  But the phone itself is beautiful, they should run it on android system instead of window.

Using it only for a month. I like it so far except the battery back up. It doesnt last more than half a day if i use it too often and hardly lasts for a day if I dont use it too often

Amazon had a great price on this phone.  I needed something unlocked to use in other countries as well as the USA.  I was thinking Android but this phone seemed to  be  well reviewed  for build quality and people seem to like the Windows interface.  I've had it for about a week and I really like it a lot.  The windows interface is fantastic.  It is very intuitive and just like Windows 8 on a laptop or tablet.  I definitely  prefer it to Android and even Apple, although I like the iPhone I just have this resentment with Apple with their pricing and overall sense of being the absolute best.  Apple phones are good but not worth the price.  The build quality on the Nokia is excellent, a very solid phone with gorilla glass and an excellent camera.  The only issue I have is that it is not windows 8 and not up-gradable to 8.  There are plenty of the apps though although more on Win 8 (Pandora only works on Win 8, but you can get Spotify).  I am overall very pleased with the phone and can recommend it highly.

I am enjoying my cell, this phone reminded me of my love for Nokia phones.  It operates well, easy to use, the apps are great. I love that it is blue

Got this phone and as hard as I tried to get it to work on the T-mobile data network, it just refused. Wi-Fi was great, but not on T-Mobile pre-paid data plan. Needless to say it proved useless while out of the house!

I chose 1 day shipping and it did actually come the next day, so it shipped fast. First, I do not think it is new because it was not in original packaging. It was in a Lumia 900 box, but the phone was not secure in it, just kind of banging around inside. It did not come with headphones, and the manual looked photocopied, so that was not original either. So if you think you will get something like if you bought it at the store, you won't. Anyway, I've been using the phone for about 2 weeks now, and it seems to be fine. It actually is unlocked. I am using it with Straight Talk. The description is wrong in that it does NOT have a microSD slot. It has 16GB internal memory ONLY. There is no slot for a microSD. The phone itself is working fine though, and I am happy with it. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews, but I really wanted a Lumia 900 so I took the chance. So far, so good. My seller was DealInABox, I think it was. I gave 4 stars instead of 5, because it did not come with headphones and it seems to be used or refurbished and it had already been unboxed, as indicated by the phone just banging around inside the box and not being secure, as well as the photocopied manual, and missing headphones. I would rather have had a new one like the description said, but for only 300 dollars AND unlocked, I won't complain too much about it. So far, I am happy with my purchase.

Very nice and bright display. Running very smoothly. Unfortunately still I have not connect it to internet, due to the fact it requires mini sim card. Still I am waiting for it, from my European mobile operator.

Great phone, I went with this phone to replace my HTC Trophy as my windows phone. Just to let you all know I am using this phone over an Iphone 4s and a Nexus 4. This is a rock-solid phone and love it. Windows Phone 7.8 is still a great OS, no need for WP8

I got the phone and was surprised that it uses a micro-sim card, so I went on-line to buy one and came across  a site that showed how to cut down regular sim card. I followed the instructions and it worked. The battery time is not that great. It'll go two days if I use the music player on bluetooth all  work day since I don't use the phone for calls that much and not into social media. The things I've used it for works great on internet and lots of apps available.

only came with the phone/wall charger, nothing else, no stylus, no manual... ended up having to send back, bought another one though from a different site and it came with everything... but vibrates out of the blue

I used to love Nokia phones because I consider them user friendly, so I bought this phone with the same expectations,however I was disappointed to find out so many faults with the phone, firstly, the battery life is nothing to write home, the touch screen  freezes at will and 6 months after purchase, the phone finally stop working, I took it to Nokia care center where I was informed that the warranty on it has lapsed, and the phone could not be repaired, anyway that sounded the death knoll on the phone that I barely used for 6 months.

Nokia arrive really soon.  The item was old and had been returned by someone.  It's my fault I should have check the photos for a couple of times before buying.  Not totally crazy with Nokia Lumia 900 afterall I've seen it.  I did returned it and it was easy an smooth seller and amazon respond as soon as I wrote them about it

Cons: Cannot receive picture messages, cannot do screen capture, sometimes when talking on the phone mute button will press onscreen, if I am in a area where there is no signal and move to area with signal it takes a while for it to catch signal again sometimes have to restart the phonePros: Good battery life, easy to use, tiles on home screen easy to use, multiple windows open at same time

This was a great smartphone for its time.  Got this as a replacement phone for my mother.  It is disappoint it doesn't support all of the new apps coming out that only support Windows Phone 8 (Lumia 900 is running 7.8).  The app selection is really what cripples this phone.

this is totally a unlocked phone. You can use it anywhere. This is a great phone for anyone who is interested in windows phone.  It is much better than iPhone

I bought this phone based off of the good revewes, to bad they lied. I had this a phone a period of 2 months befor it stoped working, it comes on, says nokia and that is it. I tried to return it, but because it was past 30, days amazon would not take it back. I tried to contact the celler, and all i got was a blank page. Forget bad costomer care, try no customer care! If you want a 200! doller paper waight, than this is the phone for you. But if you would like a phone that actualy works, I suggest you look elsware!

I totally loved the phone, but unfortunately it was locked, but. I was looking for an unlocked phone. i am very disappointed by this situation.

I bought this phone in white a few months ago. my boyfriend liked it so much that I gave it to him. I ordered the blue one for me. we love them.

This is my first windows phone and so far, I am enjoying it. The price point here is better than if I had bought it in the store I checked (you know, that US carrier that advertises it does not "lock you into contracts"). The phone does everything I need it to do and the features are exactly as advertised. No unpleasant surprises. My only disappointment is that this particular phone is not "factory" unlocked (and the sellers do not claim it is). So ATT branding is on the phone and on some of the apps. Since I use this phone overseas and am not an ATT customer, I would prefer not to have these ATT demarcations on my phone. In the past, I have been more careful to select a factory unlocked phone but overlooked that detail this time. Otherwise, the phone is easy to use and performs well, consistent with Nokia standards.

This phone was brand new Nokia Lumia 900 in its original box and was shipped very fast,but what i didn't like is that was an AT&T unlocked phone but not factory unlocked as was stated.I needed factory unlocked.When i called i found that this seller never sells factory unlocked but AT&T.

I bought this phone from us wireless. it worked ok in the beginning but after a few months the screen just went on me. i got up a morning and the screen was fuzzy. i hardly even used the phone and it never fell. i was so disappointed.

This was going to be a gift for an older relative. I read the manual before purchasing this phone. I have been a Nokia fan for many years and I was upgrading a phone for a older relative. The instructions said it was easy to transfer data from a Nokia OVI format to this windows format.  Three hours on the phone with Nokia Support and many issue later it is not easy to transfer previous data with out a lot of programing.  Also the Zune Software for pictures and music does not perform like the OVI. I guess it would have been better if I had started from scratch and not had such a very good previous experience. I would not recommend it as an upgrade. My relative will just stick with their previous Nokia product. I plan on returning the phone.

I bought this phone for my dad because he needs to check emails and make phonecalls ( basic user overall).W8 interface is pretty solid for mature people ( big icons, big fonts and easy navigation )Regarding hardware the Lumia 900 is a solid phone. The battery lasts in standby for at lease a day.Great purchase IMO

The phone is everything that I expected it would be and it's easy to use for even the inexperienced cell phone user.

The phone had great features but I could not get picture messages or group messages nor could I send them.I have had the phone for a few months and now my battery does not last within the day even when I am not using it. I would not buy this phone

it as good as its description and worth keeping it! Everything is amazing when I got this item, but window 7.5 system is truly not as smooth as windows 8 system, the buyer need to consider this!

beautiful color, very nice keys. wish it had removable mem card. but is very fluent, hasnt' hung up yet.have the tuxedo and screen protectors on it.

The product came on time with good package, excellent conditions, no problems at all, my uncle is so happy with his new phone and the price is the best thing.:)

The WP is good but it sucks no good apps at all.Instagram,pandora,etc.. None of them.In search of a new and better phone.

I am a tmobile customer and with an unlocked Nokia 900 Lumia from ATT .Let me simply say it has to be one of the best kept secrets in smartphones. Though I knew the phone was unlocked, I had no clue it took a micros sim card, which I was not aware of and meant I had to go to a carrier and switch my sim card. Problem was solved in no time. Anyway back to this review.I was contemplating an Iphone purchase but I could not stand to spend upwards of 450 plus buckaroos on a phone. This cost me under 300 bucks give or take plus  a few quality accessories. SO in the budget department alone, this phone gets a gold star.I have read reviews there is a lack of apps....I dispute that HOWEVER, do not expect an array of exactly what you see on android play store.  There are a lot of apps for everything you need, some just not as popular. There are financial apps(Citibank, capitalone etc)missing but thats about it. With that in mind, the internet explorer is really smooth(way better than my old phone, my touch 4g slide). It has microsoft word and excel also. The interface is smooth, unbelievable this is a cool phone! One feature that is really different, the GPS navigator. Setting things up did not take long at all. You will be seduced  by the sleek look. I am not done playing around with it, but i know now I made a good choice here. I dont know where Nokia has been(I had one in the early 2000s) but I have since had a blackberry and a couple of tmobile high end phones. Nokia has made a giant leap.4/27/13After a few more days of use I feel real proud about not caving to buy the iphone. The battery life, which with mytouch 4g was ALWAYS an issue, is really impressive. You get at least a good 10 hours if you leave it on,probably longer if you leave the battery saver option on. I discovered the sky drive(similar to icloud) on Marketplace which gives you additional 7Gigs or so free, plus available upgrades for a fee and you get to store for music or other files. I really do think the only thing that will stop this phone from blowing out the competition unfortunately, are the lack of the 'mainstream' apps. Also some apps free on Google play store(android) might not be on Marketplace(if available) But believe me unless you are one for the bandwagon, this change is worth a try, especially if the iphone or high end androids are a little above your budget.

Supposed to be an unlocked gsm phone,but after activating it with straight talk just says requires code to use on service.! used code I setup I presume I either need the right code from ATT,Nokia or strtaight talk(I have 4 try left :()

A very good phone, connection fast, an excellent size, especially for viewing websites. Allows sharing of a simple, fast and fluid.The downside of this device is that suddenly goes off, to turn it back on you have to perform a soft reset.

I got this phone to do the bring your own phone thing with straighttalk at first I didn't think it was unlocked but come to find out it was a mistake I made... I missed one letter with the info straighttalk gave me lol but I have internet and I can receive and send pictures and I absolutely love the phone

I've logged four trips and more than six hours at the ATT store trying to get my new Windows phone to be able to receive email from my Apple iCloud account. I thought it must be me simply being dense. And nobody at the store knew that it couldn't be done. But that's the case!My bad. I bought a Windows phone made by Nokia: the Lumia 900. Really ELEGANT. Very affordable. Sweet, except I can't read my email thru Apple on this device. It's like asking somebody for directions and being told "you can't get there from here." Seriously, in this modern era, for three computer giants (Microsoft, Nokia, Apple) and a major communications company (ATT) to sell phone/service which can't (won't!) receive email from a competitor is dumbfounding. There oughta be a law!After being told the situation by the very patient, intelligent, lovely people who persistently tried to help me at the store, I came home and called ATT just to verify that this disconnect was fact. The kind lady in phone support put me on hold and soon came back to tell me that, indeed, this was a definitive finding. And it holds for the 920, 925 and 1020 models, as well.Further research would seem to suggest that Apple is the fly in the ointment. So I've hit upon a solution. I will become my own email host. As I already own a domain name for my WordPress blog, thru Godaddy, I will begin using it as my primary email account, phasing out Apple. Hey, buying a Windows phone was a step away from being monopolized, and now Apple has pushed me one more down the path. NB: I revised this review from one star to five after some deep reflection, pain, and clarity. I had bailed on gmail a year and a half ago; and now I'm bailing on iCloud. Don't do evil. And don't be a chump.

I received this phone a day sooner than what was estimated, so that was awesome.  The phone was in perfect shape, and I have had no issues w service or anything (the phone is an unlocked AT&T phone and I have T-Mobile service). The only unexpected thing was that the phone takes a micro SIM, and I honestly had no idea what that was.  I called the seller, and he was very nice and explained to me what to do.  The Windows format takes some getting used to (I was used to Android) and there aren't a whole lot of the normal apps available yet on the Windows Market...but I still love it.

Overall a good phone, not a big fan of the app/game collection though. Have to press the back button a hundred times to 'close' out of pages I've opened or they keep running. Its got Zune instead of iTunes.

Excellent brand, I have to adapt myself to this kind of technology, and this is a good way to start

very easy to use..  good cam.. fast downloading app.. and is cute 100% recommended .. I'll be waiting for lumia 920 and windows 8

excelente, dinamico, muy versatil , la camara es de alta resolucion ,las dimensiones son modernas y funcionales me gusta mucho

First of all please make sure you don't buy the product from the seller &#34;BREED&#34;...One of the worst seller.Phone was damaged..Charger was malfunctioned...For the product point of view, aesthetically it looks really cool.Very nice battery life...But as it is windows phone not many apps.Even Whatsapp n that kind of famous apps also has a bit lesser facilities than they provide in Android phones.I liked the phone(Hardware) but please make sure of the seller....The seller &#34;Breed&#34; is horrible....

I bought the phone and it was nice but has one problem that my husband did not like. It did turned off and didn't wanna turn on when somebody was calling. So I ruterned the phone. I did ask the seller to send me a new one and they did - but it was the same phone - it even had my baby's picture which we took the first time we used the phone to see the quality of camera - and charger was folded the same way I did it and did not have plastic covers and black cover from front and back of the phone were put there for the second time for sure. But they stil keep telling me it was a new phone. So please buy the phone but NOT from this seller - because the phone is good but service is awfull. And they refunded money but took 10% off the price I paid originaly because they say it was a new phone!!!!

I purchased the Nokia Lumina 900 in black from BLUTECUSA and was really thrilled with all the new WP features. I really loved the new interface and its one smooth operator. The only issue I had was that it was locked to AT&T Wireless. Since I needed an unlocked phone (as advertised) I had to return it.

This phone was not unlocked, working or new. It came with a generic charger and not well packed, seems like it was refurbished or used. After trying to use AT&T and T-Mobile SIM cards, I was able to make phone calls but couldn't hear what the other person was saying, and I was not able to receive phone calls at all. Overall, the worst buying experience through Amazon, so much, that I decided to return the phone.

I had tried all the major phones like Android or Iphone and each left me wanting something better. One day a friend came over with a Lumia 900 and he let me play around with it and I was hooked. I ordered one a few weeks later from Amazon and I was well pleased. The ability to have Office on my phone and directly upload to my Skydrive was awesome. The os is smooth and never freezes or stalls. Quite simply its the most stable smartphone I have ever used. If anyone is thinking of moving to a windows phone I highly suggest the Nokia Lumia line. The phone arrived very quickly and was just as advertised. A very happy Windows phone owner I now am.

I love this phone,it works great, it's fast,and the sleek look is awesome! I love the color. Windows phones are awesome!

I don't think this is a Nokia lumia 900, because it doesn't have the gorilla glass. I bought this phone to replace my white one, and it won't let me call certain people and from one drop it shattered like an iPhone. One thing the lumia has on other phones is the screen. That gorilla glass is near indestructible.

Beautiful device, works fine, and boy, it has great audio quality and video! Its dial is easy to read. I am happy with it!

The battery would not charge all the way up.  What use is a phone if you can't charge the battery.

This is great deal on a Nokia Lumia Windows Phone with lots of features. Works well when syncing with other Window and Microsoft apps.. Best deal I found was at Amazon. And I obtained free delivery.

I love my nokia lumia, it is great, the only problem is that I can't send messages like *100#Ok but as I understood it was windows phone-s issue, anyway I would reccomend it and the seller (Wireless Extra)P.S Sorry for my bad English

ORDER PLACED, October 25, 2013, Order Details | InvoiceORDER #111-4433141-7083445I have ordered Nokia Lumia 900 for my wife and want she to start the phone. Surprised that Phone is not getting charged, Looks like some defective device, as  return date also completed now. If somebody help....would be gr8

Otimo telefone, apesar de nao vir os acessorios como estava no anuncio, no demais &eacute; bom, d&aacute; para o gasto.

Love this phone! WP OS, is just extremely fast, fluid, and very smooth. The amount of apps Nokia continue to push out, along with their support, make this phone a no brainer to purchase. I've used Android as well as iOS, and yes WP OS is really a breath of fresh air and a joy to use. I can honestly say the &#34;Live Tiles&#34; are addictive and you won't just put your phone up in your pocket. It(OS) makes you continue using your phone for everything possible. Anyway, enough about the OS, more about the phone. This is one of the best built phones ever! Of course you will have fans of the 800, 900 & N9, all are pretty much the same with small differences(screen build and size). The color is sort of hard to explain, cause depending on where and the lighting it can look several different shades of blue, but every shade looks beautiful. When I'm out and have the phone on the table or bar, never fails, a couple of people will ask about it and are simply amazed at the beautiful of the phone. Well, this was only a quick little review, I will be getting the new Lumia 920, HTC 8X, and also the HTC One X+, in the near future.

I bought this phone for my son and the 920 for myself.  After a few months the ear speaker became distorted in my 920 and had to return it.  I loved the phone so I wanted to have it repaired.  However, since it was a german phone and not US, Nokia warranty was not valid so amazon just took it back.  That was great except they charged me a $70 restocking fee for something I did not even want to return. (and I sure hope they did not restock it and sell to someone else)  A few months later the 900 started doing all kinds of crazy things, could not send texts or receive or would get a text days later, etc.  This one was a US phone which I much prefer of course.  Amazon would not take it back because Nokia warranty covered it.  I sent it to them for repair and they could not fix it.  They called me to tell me so and that they would send a new 900 to me.  Seemed fair to me until I received phone and this is a huge problem for those buying unlocked phones.  It was an Att phone, I have t mobil.  Nokia does not unlock it, Att has to and it was up to me.  ATT only unlocks it for current customers or previous customer who had that phone with them.  Nokia tells me to call ATT, they tell me to call Amazon and Amazon can't or won't get it unlocked for me so they allowed me to return it.  What they could not tell me was if I would be charged a restocking fee for it as I told them I am not going to do that again.  So I wait for my credit and I am sure I will get it minus a restock fee and will have to get on the phone yet again.  So I am 0 for 2 on the Nokia Lumia's so I will never buy one of those again and I used to prefer to buy unlocked phones but after this experience I will never do that again unless amazon can fix this.  Between that and having no way (that I am aware of) to assure I am getting a US phone when I buy from amazon, its just not worth buying a cell from from amazon anymore.

not happy with the limited apps for this phone. I guess I will try it for a few more months.

The Phone came in a fake package. The Att sign was just a swirl, and when you open the box its just the phone and when you open it up it has a charger a only one manual.The phone also had major bumbs on the bottom, but I orderd a case so it didnt really matter. The software is great. The marketplace had almost every app I needed and more. It had whatsupp, viber, facebook, kik. The x-box live feature was good. Maden 12 was like $2.Overall the phone is great and for the price whoo. Better than my moms iphone 5.

all very well, shame that my country does not allow the import but was very well attended thanks..Be happy..

It surpassed all my expectations and the features are really cool. I would recommend purchase to all. Enjoy! i am sure enjoying mine

Pros: both front and back camera take amazing pics whether day or night. Secondly, the speakers on the phone are very loud nice to listen to music. Also the screen is big enough for u to watch things clearly.Cons: the phone is sooo sensitive and annoying. Sometimes I'll be watching a video and the Bing web page constantly comes on cutting off whatever I'm doing then I have to lock the phone then unlock because the buttons are unresponsive. Then there is this listening app that comes up while in the middle of everything every single time u take up the phone. I'm convince the phone has a mind of it's own cause even when I put it down it comes on.If u've ever had an android software device  before the windows software is going to disappoint u just like how I feel. There isn't a wide variety with free games as with android or interesting apps.at the beginning the battery sucked but I guess since I have no interesting games to play it last almost all day if I don't use it.I've had this phone almost 2 months and I'm ready to go back to an android software device.

UPDATE: MMS function is broken. The phone can neither receive nor send images and videos via text. I've tried troubleshooting it using every trick I could find on the internet including the official forums of Microsoft, Nokia and my career, with no result other than wasting almost an entire morning. And I am very tech-savvy (seriously, I've hacked all my kindles so far. I use Linux. If I can't solve the problem, not many can.)I deduct 2 stars from my 3-star review because this is kind of a big deal for most users. Come on MS and Nokia, how do you expect to survive against Apple and Android with a problem like this?UPDATE: Zune constantly causes trouble. Every time I need to connect my phone to my Win 7 pro pc, I need to troubleshoot manually from the device manager to get the PC recognize the phone. If this happened in 2004, I would understand. Back then, our standards of plug-n-play were much lower. Now, they are high and especially because THIS IS A WINDOWS PHONE CONNECTING TO A WINDOWS PC. How would the people who buy iphones feel if they connect it to their macbooks and it fails to even recognize the device? Dumb right? So, I take a star off. Still good phone for the price, but if you can afford a good android, go for it I say.ORIGINAL REVIEW:I bought this phone new on another website (woot.com, affiliate of amazon) for 199.99, it was a great bargain for the price. I would consider buying at Amazon.com's price too.Pros:1- Very responsive touchscreen. I can't tell the difference between the latest iphone and Lumia 900 in this regard.2- Light.3- Sleek look.4- Unlocked. (T-mobile doesn't list 900 on their compatible phones list but everything works including 4g)5- Great price.Cons:1- Zune. To connect it to a computer you have to install Zune. Windows 7 doesn't even recognize the phone without Zune (which is ironic, because it is after all a windows phone), I don't like producers shoving down clinger-ware down my throat just because they can. The device has 16 GB memory (12 available after OS and updates). So, why the hell not install the communication protocol on it and don't make me use Zune as interface.2- The landscape mode is a bit glitchy. It keeps going back to the portrait mode when you enter a new contact to your phone book. You have to turn and twist it a bit to get it back to landscape.3- Not as many apps. Most app developers consider windows platform a dead-duck. So, if you want to use the newest apps, stick to apple or android.In-betweens:1- Camera. It works well for a phone camera but nothing to write home about.2- Sound quality. Works well. Again nothing special. The speakers can get very loud, do you really want to use your phone speakers to listen to music?Verdict: Solid smart phone for the price. It is near unjustifiable to pay triple for the newest Iphone or Android machine unless you are crazy about the apps.

THE ONLY THING I RECEIVED IN MY PHONE IS THE PHONE AND A HOUSE CHARGER. I DON'T KNOW HOW TO OPEN THE PHONE OR HOW TO OPERATE THE PHONE. CAN YOU SEND ME THE REST OF THE STUFF TO GO ALONG WITH THE PHONE PLEASE.

Daughter loves this phone! We decided to go with ATT so that we could get the full benefits of the phone.

So ii Bought This Phone For My Mother And Well ii Was Kiinda Scared Cause ii Saw Other Reviews That It Isn't Unlocked But It Is! :) The Only Problem ii Had Which Was My Fault Is That ii Didn't Had A Mirco SimCard But ii Cut It For Myself And It Works Perfect ii Would Suggest ANYONE To Buy This (Y)
