
good night, I want to know if this phone is unlocked (without contract) and without it have available in white

Enjoying my phone a lot. I'm still learning what it does. Great experience so far!!! :-)I highly recommend it.

WE STARTED HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THIS PHONE ABOUT 2 WEEKS AFTER I BOUGHT IT IT IS SUPPOSE TO TAKE PICTURES FROM BOTH SIDES OF THE PHONE BUT IT DOESNT AMONG OTHER PROBLEMS THIS IS A WASTE OF MONEY AND THE SAMSUNG BATTERIES ARE CRAP U HAVE TO CONSTANTLY CHARGE YOUR PHONE

I love the galaxy two, but I wonder if the battery  life is suppose to be at 50% while not using it by the middle of the day? I think I might have gotten a lemon but I decided to keep it because I had 2 prior that I borrowed from friends that were lemons too. I guess you pick and choose your battles! Overall It has a lot of apps and functions that are amazing. The camera is great! I'm a photo snob! Love the Galaxy 2.

I bought this as a replacement for my Samsung Exhibif but was disappointed by the performance of the phone my Exhibit was better with phone a.d at times the internet I would not buy this phone again I could 2 exhibits

I never got the phone I payed for was taken out my credit card.it's been a month  was sapost to get it the 28 of November. Here we are at the 16of December.

Because the product claimed to be new and was not there were video's on it from someone who owned it before.  I'm sorry but that is very misleading and dishonest to sell a phone as new when it's not.

The price is okay for the product. Good for someone who is not really into a lot of applications but just the basic talk, text,email.It came on time.

Love Samsung phones, but this one makes me miss my qwerty keyboard! Loved the feel of the buttons under my fingertips, now my texting annoys me. Id rather call the person. Otherwise its a great phone. Lots of space for apps. Hope I never break the screen.

Love the phone! I bought it for my wife's birthday,  she absolutely loves it, big screen and everything works fantastic.

this phone is an excellent phone I love it. What more can I say. I really enjoy the extra features I get with this phone verses my old phone. I had a 9 year old phone and loved it but it was time for a change and I am still not up to snuff on all of its features.

what color is the phone? i would really love to buy a white one......i look forward to buy one

It works, although it is now significantly slower than most newer phones. However it is still pretty cheap considering and gives no issues for me.

I like this phone... it's a very reasonable size, responsive, lots of features, NOT $600 and after having a Samsung Galaxy Exhibit this one is WAAAY better with more memory, speed and the bigger keyboard is a pleasure. I bought this one as a gift for my husband -- new phone, everything sealed w warrantee and sim card included... it's working perfectly.  Bought myself one from a different Prime vendor - the total opposite - phone was defective, appeared used, was unsealed, brand x battery.  It was sold as new.  I returned it immediately (great customer service fr Amazon for this).  Emailed another vendor who at least admitted their phones are used, no warrantee. I can't find any info on this product page stating the phone may be new OR used (surprised & kind of angry that Amazon doesn't state this) so EMAIL THE VENDOR BEFORE YOU ORDER, IT MIGHT HELP.  It's a crap shoot apparently.  But I do recommend the phone!

I upgraded from my MyTouch4G (T-Mobile) because I wanted faster 4G performance.  In that, I have not been disappointed.The phone and its features basically work the way they are supposed to, with one glaring exception: Bluetooth headsets don't seem to work well with the phone's VoiceTalk program. I have tried three different headsets, including a Samsung Galaxy HM3300, and none of them is truly hands free as advertised. For example, you place a call, you hear the phone ringing -- and when the other party answers, it's not on your headset, even though the phone screen is marked for headset. So you have to touch the headset button (turning it "off") and turn it on again, and then it's okay. When I first put the headset on, I get a happy "Connected" message, but when I actually have to place a call, I can press the headset Call button, get the right signal from the phone -- and then nothing happens. Although sometimes it "catches" on the 2nd or 3rd try, there are times I keep doing it over and over (just to see what happens), and it NEVER opens VoiceDial t. When I watch the screen while doing all of this, the screen never changes to the Voice Talk screen, even though the clicks and squeaks in the headset signal that it is trying to do so. Other times, it will come on and dial the last number dialed, even though that was not the way I was operating the Call button on the headset. There is not much of a workaround for this, alas. A phone touted this highly shouldn't be this difficult to use a Bluetooth with. I never had any problems with the MyTouch 4G.One other more minor inconvenience: the Calendar for creating new events is not accessible from the list-style agenda widget, which means that, after checking my agenda list, I have to go somewhere else to add a new event. Bummer.I am also disappointed in the camera. It's great for closer up shots, but farther away shots -- even those in a large room -- look dark, even with a flash. I went with Samsung because of the reputed quality of the camera.Things I do like are the increased number of Home screens and the choices available when canceling an event that has been entered as a repeating event (this event only, this and all future events, this and all other events), which is nice for dealing with seasonal, repeating events such as choral rehearsals.  I also like the wide variety of available settings, which allows for a pretty high degree of personalization.If anyone has a good workaround for the Bluetooth headset problems, I would love to hear about it, and would gladly revise my review upwards.

I really really like the Samsung line, and this was the 3rd galaxy s II I have purchased since early 2013. I love the features and the speed. The camera could be a little better, and the 2GB of RAM could be at least doubled, but, I like the phone a lot. The screen size is almost perfect for me.

I love this phone it's so cool. I have no problems with it as soon as I saw it I knew I jus had to have it.

I received my phone only 2 days after I ordered it. Whrn I opened the package everything was as described in the ad. The phone was like new and works perfectly.

I purchased this phone as a gift to my mother. I have an S2 purchased directly from T-Mobile that I absolutely love. Great little phone. My issue with this specific purchase has to do with the seller.*The first phone purchased through Ross Cellular died after 2 weeks of use. Amazon returned it for my mom no questions asked. The replacement purchased again through Ross completely died after trying to update the operating system through Samsung Kies. After trying to figure out the problem with Samsung directly they let me know that the phone I had was NOT a U.S. device. It was a SAM-T989, when it states it to be a SGH-T989. Both came without the updated operating system. I know this only because I have my own S2 I bought directly through t-mobile and it's like night and day, the difference. There was not a factory battery nor was there a USB capable plug-in. My mother told me the battery lasted maybe 8 hours, and this was with minimal use while she was at work.The seller contacted me to let me know they were making steps to change the problem, that it was an issue with their vendor but I did not want to remove the review on their page, as they requested, because I saw there were other similar reviews placed and I will never know unless I purchased another phone from them if this was a true statement made by them. We'll go directly to T-Mobile from now on and pay the extra cost.

I bought this phone on contract with T-Mobile. I have been happy with the performance of the phone so far. Its UI is very responsive and any firmware upgrade has not caused any issues.The only issues is that it regularly drops calls and losses network signal. It becomes such a nuisance that I have to again and again restart the phone.

I purchase this for my wife since the previous phone I had bought for her seem too small (screen size).  The phone arrived, I charged it and install the sim card.  It started right up with no hitch.  Plenty of memory for apps.  She loves this phone.

Okay, so I just got my phone a few days and ago and felt that I needed to write a review. The original phone that I wanted was the Google Nexus 4, but that sold out on Google by the time I tried to order it. I was going to wait for the Nexus 5 and because of its high-end features, the phone will most likely cost more than the 4 was going for. I'm not into the latest and greatest trend that most people my age tend to get caught up in. I wasn't about to spend a lot of money on an iPhone 5 or the Galaxy S4 just to have the latest model. I'm a college student and money is tight. I had a crappy wannabe smartphone and I needed an upgrade fast. I was going to buy it through my carrier, which is T Mobile and decided to look elsewhere because the price was ridiculous considering that this is a two year old phone.I found this on Amazon and the price was good enough to convince me to spend all of my paycheck on. I've only had it for a few days and I'm absolutely in love!MY TAKE:1. It's the perfect size. I wanted a big screen in order to read text better and to watch videos more comfortably. It's big enough to do all of that, but not too big where you need two hands or using one hand would be really strenuous and awkward. If you have normal to large sized hands, you definitely can use only one hand.2. The resolution is good. It isn't the best obviously because it's old, but the colors and text are still vibrant and clear. It's brilliant!3. The camera is solid. It's 8 megapixels in the back and 2 megapixels in the front. It comes with flash and up to 4.0X zoom. It has panorama, action shot, cartoon, beauty, and smile shot. It also has a night feature for taking photos in low lights. If you're okay with taking photos for the convenience of it, then this is the phone for you. If you need a powerful camera on your phone, look elsewhere.4. It is fast. There are virtually no lags so far when browsing the web and doing other stuff simultaneously. I usually have multiple stuff open and it doesn't slow down. Because I have 4G, there is no significant waiting time when using data.5. It's locked to T-Mobile. I immediately decided to get this one over others on this site because it's locked to my carrier and is guaranteed to work for me. Once again, THIS IS LOCKED TO T MOBILE, which means that it won't work on another carrier unless you hack it which is completely pointless and time consuming. I would not recommend getting a phone that says international version because its a hit or miss whether or not it would work in the United States. I just didn't want to take that chance.6. The battery life. I can get a solid 6 to 8 hours on the phone. While that may deter some people, its all relative. I am an active user. I'm always texting, checking Facebook, surfing the web, and listening to music so of course the battery is going to drain quicker for me. If you're an occasional user, then it can last literally all day.7. The OS. It says that it runs on Android Ice Cream Sandwich, but mine ended up running on Gingerbread. Its not that big of a deal. I don't really use apps that require later versions of the OS. Plus, I can always update the phone whenever I want.8. The speakers are decent. I have a $20 pair of Sony headphones and I must say, the speakers make them sound more expensive. Maybe that's just me. The speakers are loud enough to cancel out noise if the outside noise volume isn't too overwhelming and loud. It's not the best out there, but is good for the average user.All in all, this phone is amazing and I think it's a really good deal. If you don't care about having the latest phone and are okay with having an older model, then this phone can be a really good option. I would recommend getting a screen protector and a hard shell case with it since its kind of slippery. Good luck with phone searching!

Ordered the phone as I needed to replace my Exhibit. Got the phone with a scratched screen and then the product failed within an hour of owning the product. It was brand new!!!Returning for refund!

well packaged everything included awesome thank you so much Big beautiful screen, loads of memory, just plain a great pre-owned phone

I have had this phone for 6 months and i am pretty happy with it.I dropped it a few times with very light damage to the outside of the casing which is made of polycarbon it seems and kept the phone from breaking.Camera is great for photos at all times and video camera is pretty clear. The display is amazingly clear. The phone responds quickly.Coming off a blackberry bold, this phone is magic!It has loads of features like widgets and other cool things.Some of the best features i like:WidgetsCameraVideo camera (both better quality and faster than bb)Speed (different world than blackberry)

I bought the first one was real good,best phone ever owned, in around febuary of 2013,gave it to my brother in law,boutht a second one,great still from May of 2013, until august,2013 the thing lost signal,t mobile said it is the hardware,so i contact samsung for the first time,send it in for repair,they found the problem said they replace the component,didn't tell me what conponent,and camera was replace too,i got it back camera was messed up.phone got scratches,few days later it keep on turning itself of,the phone meanwhile had never been dropped,no water damaged,the  one i sent oversea to Vietnam is doing the same thing too,some friend of my turned out to have the same problems too with his,and i talked to a technician, he said all the samsung s 2 have the same power button broken for no reason,screen said samsung repair department replaced the LCD screen and 2 other items replaced this time,samsung never wants to do a replacement of the phone for me,i'd just recieved the phone back today,they even replace the screen on my phone which took away my protective film,the repair tech even told me the samsung S 3 too is having the same issues,Good bye samsung,bad repair department,bad policy,never stand behind their product,.........Don't waste your money on Samsung,i regret all the bussiness i gave them.

Because my daughter is very pleased with this phone it is one she always wanted and to please her makes me happy

This was great. It works on family mobile with their sim card. 4G for under 50 bucks a month with a killer phone? Cant beat that!

I had dropped my Galaxy s2 in water (baby pool) trying to take pictures of my toddler, hard to do when your trying to handle your kid and the phone at the same time, the LCD got ruined from the water, luckily my SIM and memory cards were ok. I took it to repair shop gave an estimate of $200, and T-Mobile customer services was charging over $350 for a new phone. Amazon had it for less, i got the phone earlier than promised, came via fedex, i simply took out my SIM & memory card from my broken phone and put it in my new (unlocked)phone; T-Mobile-life contacts automatically updated my contacts and i then updated my contacts from Google and Facebook and so far the phone has been fine.

It came with some weird programs on it that cause it to act funny at times I think. I would have liked to have it stock as in the way it was from the factory.

My first Smart phone ever. I have had it for a few days now, and it's great! Besides, I can't argue with getting it for the price I did when T-mobile wants about $600 for the same device. ;)

For those who don`t care about the carries or by the fact that the cell phone is locked, I extremely recommend this cell phone. It is fast, good camera, the quality sound is perfect. The only thing that is missing on the pack was the earphones. Besides that. I loved it

I got the Samsung Galaxy S II based upon reading customer reviews, i hope my review helps someone who isnt sure about this device. Ive had my device for three days now and its hasnt given me an problems working on T-Mobile no contract plan. The device came with the USB cord and wall charger, sim card, and manuals. It didnt not come with a screen protector or a case so you might want to order those two items when order the device. I was using a Blackberry Device before Galaxy S II, u can use the sim card from the old device and it will work, but if you want the full use of the 4G network T-mobile offers use the  sim card that comes with the device. The Galaxy has a beautiful full screen easy to read, it moves flawlessly from screen to screen. The rear facing camera takes really nice clear pictures the front facing camera is a little dark but works well with taking pictures and Video chatting. Setting up my email accounts and other personal accounts were fairly easy, just follow the directions. The package was easy to track and it came on time as estimated. I gave the Samsung Galaxy four stars if i could do four and a half  stars I would the reason is because the battery drains quickly. I use my phone for traveling send and receiving documents,emails ect.... so i guess how you use your phone will determine your battery life. Im going to order a new battery soon maybe it will make a difference.Im glad I  got this device at this price and it works just the same as the devices sold in the T-Mobile stores that are priced way more! I hope this  review helps! .....ITS been a month since I've had my phone I did order a new battery and it helped the phone is still awesome!!

Wow, where do I start with this phone?  This Seller has big brass ones and I suggest that you not get ripped off by them.The Bad...- Phone was not new as marketed- removed moisture sensor inside the battery case- Not a Samsung battery (new phone should have one- Was marketed as a T-Mobile phone, but came in a weird box with a Sprint screen cover on it. (no packing...box was partially crushed)The Good...The vendor was punctual in getting me the used/modified cell phone.Bottom line...Sent phone back as soon as possible for refund. I notice that new cell phone sellers are launched daily on Amazon. I can only imagine there are more phones being sold like the one I received.  I don't know how they can do it, but Amazon needs better vendor quality control. Needless to say, I will never buy a phone from Amazon again.Get your money back and go to T-Mobile and know what you are buying. It was only 70 dollars more for a brand new phone at T-Mobile.

The phone was cool, except that the battery life was terrible (less than 7 hours). After less than 2 months, it powered off and wouldn't turn on again. I aid $50 to fix the problem. After 7 more months, it powered off again. The motherboard died. I won't buy another Samsung phone again.

Got this and I love it I would recommend Buying this to any one who is looking to buy one

I brought this for my daughter and she loves it for her second phone and the price was right, so I brought them multiple ones.

Had scratches but I knew that already. I had to fidget with it to get the GPS working but then it was cool. The battery is weaker than I expected but its not too bad. Overall, pretty good phone. I would buy it again.

I was a little skeptical with purchasing a used phone, but so far it works perfectly and the person who sold it should be commended for her honest and accurate comments regarding the phone.Great find!

I got my phone on the exact date that it was suppose to come. It works great and it had a cover and a screen protector already on it.....love love love!!!

My son was very happy with his phone.  He has had no problems with the phone.  Thank you for your prompt service.

thankyou very much i got the phone and charged the battery and i stared using it i got tell you this is the best phone that i ever bought i definity buy from this seller again

I was very excited to get this phone and ended up printing a return label for it today. I learned the hard way that from now on it is a good practice to contact the seller and ask exactly what you are receiving.The phone I received came in a generic samsung s II box and did not have the same back as all the other T mobile Samsung ii phones I have seen online. It also looked like it had a new screen protector applied and NOT the one that has labels of where everything is on the phone (see unboxing videos online)The charger I received was an older wall charger. Used, dirty with some brown gunk on it. It's the same type of charger from my old samsung flip phone from the dark ages. Not the new USB wall charger.Generic battery. NOT samsung.Generic user guide that didn't really say much of anything and had nothing to do with the phone.Really displeased.The phone itself I never bothered to power on or try since I wanted to do the refund. I just purchased one from ebay and when it arrives I will post an edited review about the phone itself.EDITED To Add:I bought a brand new phone off ebay and I absolutely love this phone. It's a big step up from my HTC Status. I didn't know how I was going to like going from a querty keyboard to all touch screen, but I love the swipe keyboard. This phone has great cameras, does well on the internet. I've enjoyed everything about it except the battery. But I solved that problem by keeping my wifi and data off when I don't need them and I installed Battery Doctor which really has helped.

Unless you're a total geek-head, if you can find this Galaxy S-2 in good condition, buy it!  It looks great, operates flawlessly, the voice quality is very good, the display is among the best and the camera and colors are better than good. The installed Android operating system is excellent and can even be upgraded for free if you absolutely feel you need to.If you lie awake at night worrying that you don't have the very latest model and what might people think, you need more help than any smartphone can give you. A model that costs 3-4 times more is not gonna make your life better...only poorer and dumber!Besides, today's "latest model" will be yesterday's model in several months.  Do what the smart money does and buy a phone that provides you superb value for the least cost, not one that will drain your cash and enrich phone manufacturers the most!

I was given my first phone during freshman year. It was a simple flip phone until 2 years later, I had a contract, and in my junior year I upgraded to the Galaxy Samsung S2 AT&T; version model SPH-D710. Once I received this phone, it blew my mind on just how fantastic this phone is. For consumers looking for a phone to invest that is reliable, efficient, and easy-to-use, then look no further for this could be the perfect phone.The Samsung Galaxy contains a HD quality camera on the front and the back of the phone with flash. The front side has 2.0 MP or mega pixels, while the back is 8.0 MP. Which means the more MP you have the better quality of pictures you can take. There are options to add different types of effects to edit and change the pictures. It also has a video camera that you can record on both sides of the phone. Now with great quality of pictures and videos, it can stream HD 720P (particles) videos on the phone and has a great speaker. The speaker is on the back of the phone in which you can watch videos and music without headphones. It's a very convenient feature and comes in handy when needed. I think, personally, the best feature of this phone is that the screen uses Gorilla Glass in which it is tough as nails and still smooth like a baby's bottom. Compared to other phones, Galaxy in general have one of the toughest screens so when it drops there is a high chance that it would not break. I personally had my own shares of dropping my phone and yet no scratch on the screen. Now as amazing as this phone can be, it still has problems.  The camera has a slight delay when taking pictures, which means that if the camera moves when taking the pictures it will come out a bit blurry or the angle wouldn't be right.  The video cannot zoom in when recording in full HD but can lower the resolution to record. The front side of the phone cannot zoom in either even if the quality of the video is lowered. The audio can crack a bit when the phone call is set too speaker.Galaxy phones are more lenient when it comes to apps so it can download third party apps. The range from free music to video game emulators (emulators are ways to play old/current videogames mostly handhelds). They also provide an app store to buy games or music just like the app store from Apple. With all those apps open there is an easier way to close those apps by checking the active applications and close them all. Checking the active applications it shows what apps are draining the most battery. It is a great way to conserve battery life. The crazy thing about checking the active applications that it also shows other things such as: downloads, RAM (random access memory) system storage, and downloads. Also while in the active applications, uninstalling could never be so easy. Simply go to downloads and bam all applications that have downloaded could be easily uninstalled. About third party apps, they tend to have a lot of ads that pop up around the apps. It can cause problems when playing games and accidentally touching the ads thus taking to some random website.In conclusion, this phone is just pure awesomeness. It does what a smart phone is expected which is to deliver. It is efficient by enabling to close down programs that are not being used extended battery life. It is reliable enough that it will not break just because it fell from five feet. Anybody could use it due to where apps and settings are located. For 2 years I had this phone and I still don't regret getting it.

Every very not the Samsung is #1in cell phones I like to be a very happy with the Samsung Galaxy 2

Great Price and works well!!  I was concerned about delivery time but it came fairly quickly.  Contained all needed parts except a case, that I knew was not included.

I got this phone and it was great! The only problem was after a few months it gets really slow. Also there isn't many great cases for it. You should probably get the Samsung S5 or Iphone 5S.

great phone

this is the 5th phone that i have ordered on amazon, and needless to say, i am returning this phone come monday morning. i charged this phone for 4 hours, while the phone was completely off, and it does not hold any charge. i'm not sure what is wrong with it, but this was really disappointing to me seeing that this is my 5th phone purchase in the last 2 months. sad story.

EXACTLY LIKE ORDERED, MY HUBBY LOVES THE PHONE AND HE IS LIKE A KID WITH A NEW TOY...  LOTS OF OPTIONS AND NEW TOYS TO PLAY WITH.  THE CELL PHONE CAME ON TIME, JUST IN TIME FOR HIS BIRTH DAY PRESENT AND WE ARE PLEASED.

Love this phone! After fighting with an exhibit for a couple months, i got this one. Haven't had a bit of trouble with it. Best phone I've had. Would absolutely buy again...

read alot of review before buying this phone, work great feel great and did everything as the samsung 3, also it cheaper online than actually when in the store.

I love this phone. I bought it for $120 less than T-Mobile offered on their website, brought it in to a store and activated it with no problems. The call quality is great and I love the WiFi calling feature. Fast 4G (not LTE) connection that is faster than my home WiFi speeds! I just switched, and so far I like T-Mobile's network a lot.

Believe it or not, this was my first smartphone.  I chose the phone for the features and the price.  It does everything that I want and more.  I am very pleased with the phone.

I bought this phone at Walmart a year ago and signed up for the $30 prepaid plan (100 minutes + 5gb 4G & unlimited txt). The phone is a nice size and looks great in a case, so I never felt tempted to stray because it was truly a dream, combined with Google voice, for unlimited talk at home...but then I woke into a nightmare.I started having problems with my battery about 3 weeks ago. Thought maybe it was my charger, so bought new USB cables.  Still had the same issues with the phone constantly dying, so bought a new battery, but old and new batteries drain within an hour from 100%.Out of options, and desperate not to repeat the mistake of being stuck with a useless phone and no recourse, I switched to Verizon. A little nervous because my new phone is also a Samsung (note 3), but I opted in for full coverage/warranty/support.I already miss my $30/month plan, but I am enjoying unlimited minutes everywhere and Samsung seems to be trying harder to make better quality products, but if the note 3 doesn't last, I will be done with that company forever.I decided to switch to a different carrier because I had bad connections in some areas with t-mobile. I also had those same problems in those area when I had sprint and at&t;, but so far no problems with verizon (though it does switch to 3g and drop down to only a few bars in some of those problem areas, but it's hardly noticeable).

The sgh-t989 is a terrific phone. It has a dual core processor running at 1.5 ghz. And 1 gig of ram. It's actually a little less than 800 megabytes but plenty enough to run most apps. As far as the complaint concerning asphalt 8. I was running it with no problems on my first s2. Now on my second it won't run. But I suspect this is a function of the game not a problem with the phone. If not for the fact that they are becoming out dated I would buy them for both of my kids. With the native apps to sd you can pack a lot of info on this phone. All new androids to the best of my knowledge do not have this capacity and it infuriates me. &#34;IT CONFUSES THE CONSUMER&#34; says Google. Well Google I won't buy an android that won't allow me to root, install a custom rom , or move my apps to an sd card. Ooh and I am not at all confused about moving my apps to an as card. In fact it is less difficult than signing into Google the first time on a new rom or device. But the T-Mobile s2 is still a solid phone. And i have purchased 2 of them

Has Updated Android.very fast phone and awesome battery life.Good starter phone, would recommend!Good size and removable battery!

Nice phone for the price. Get yours now and share the experience for your money. Great Phone to us. Nice!

Extremely pleased with this product and seller! Seller contacted me via email concerning a few questions and explained the product in detail; he even offered tips about using the product. I purchased it used, but there was no sign of wear or tear whatsoever; it was in perfect working condition. Came equipped with a case, a charger, a manual, and a few plastic screen covers. Everything was shipped in a timely and delicate fashion. I've had the phone for about two months now and I absolutely love it. I would definitely recommend this seller. :)

I replaced my broken s2 with another one, because the phone is that good. My gf has an s3, and I didn't see the reason to upgrade quite yet. Maybe when this one breaks, I'll go for the s4 or the Note.

Phone will not stay charged, I bought a new battery and still did not fix the problem the phone is defected. I will not purchase another phone from this dealer

switched to tmobile this phone works great on the networkbetter then my iphone did on the networkFor the price I can pay 30 dollars a month for 5G of 4G unlimited text and 100 phone minutesor 40 dollars a month unlimited everything just have to ask for walmart special

Had a Galaxy S for two years and was happy with it.  The upgrade is great.  Sorry I waited so long.

I've had this phone for over 6 months now.... and ... What an awesome phone!! It arrived new in box. It was easy to set up with my existing T-mobile account. As a matter of fact it worked flawlessly! I had bought 2 other phones (one from China that claimed to work in the US) and want to say ... don't waist your money!

I read the comments on everything I buy. I did not on this. I really like this phone. Mine was broke and I needed one. When I got the phone it is rerouted and blacks out. sucks because Galazy SII is a good phone!

The Phone Freezes up a lot. It shuts off out of no where. The phone Just was not up to my expectations.

the back cover was broken in one corner and i dont have the address to return it and they didnt mention about this problem

I don't have to have the latest or greatest phone but for what I need it for this phone does the job. I have no complaints about the browser which is fast enough with the processor. Call quality is great. There are many apps on the phone I will never use though, but the ones I use the phone runs them with no problem.

Ross Cellular is the best! wonderful and outstanding customer service, So refreshing to know that people and businesses still believe in making their customer happy! Thank you Ross Cellular!! Also I love the phone! :) Happy all the way around!

I was so impressed with this phone that after ordering and receiving one of these phones, I ordered another one. Now both my wife and I have new phones.My phones came loaded with Android 4.1.2 (Jelly Bean).  There was a T-Mobile SIM included in the box with each phone. When I took the phones to the T-Mobile store for activation, they actually put two other different SIM's into the phones. The clerk said something about a SIM being included with the activation charge of $10 so I might as well take it.I like that the phones can use wireless Internet service. When using wireless, I never have to think about whether data is using an Edge, 3G, or 4G cellular connection.So far no negative comments.

I just love this phone when they sent this phone to me it was every thing I thought it was and more... THANKS!!

I purchased another S2 from Tmobile, and I seriously love it. Why 1 star then? Because I purchased this one from Amazon (Ross Cellular was the seller) as a gift for my wife which turned out to be a piece of junk!Upon arrival, the phone box wasn't showing the slightest sign that it's for a Tmobile phone, or even a Samsung phone. Some weird generic looking box. The phone arrived with a flimsy battery that isn't original, white in color unlike the grayish Samsung looking battery, no Samsung logo/label on it, and no NFC antenna on it. The phone itself doesn't show any Samsung/Tmobile logo on the front like the other Sgh-t989 phones you would purchase in the US market regularly.Upon operating the phone, the battery life time appeared to be horrible. We thought it would need some power cycling before performing optimally, so we kept it for a few days. Two weeks of use and the phone refused to turn on. We took out the battery and tried it on another phone, and it worked. That made us doubt the phone itself. It was just dead, refusing to turn back on, charge, or do anything for that matter.Don't purchase stuff from Ross Cellular, you have been warned.

I purchased this pone for my 17 year old son.  He uses it on our T-Mobile network.  He says that the screen is nice and he likes that he can use it for wifi for his computer.

The phone was delivered on time and so far has no problems.  I am really happy with the device!  I got exactly what I thought I was getting.

This product was very good for what it is worth! I recieved it expecting to find a defect of some sort, but there were none! The phone operates very smoothly and at a fast pace! It can hold data, and has excellent memory. The only down fall would be the battery life. Other than that the phone is fine. It even with stood the many times that I have dropped my phone. The phone now only has minor scracthes with no cracks. Sadly, I let the phone go to get the iPhone from T-Mobile.

the quality of the phone is amazing, its fast its voic activated fast internet good batery life the only thing that i want consumers to be aware of by purchasing the phone from a company outside of tmobil your phone wont have insurance on it. What happended to me is i dropped the phone and the screen shattered and i dont have insurance so i have to pay out of pocket to get the screen fixed and  tmobil wont give you insurance due to you buying the phone from an outside seller so your stuck. The screen to fix cost about the same amount you pay for the phone due to the high demand of the phone.

Nice phone...quick easy transaction

The product easily could have been described as just like new. I was nervous buying used electronics. The phone is in perfect working order and got to me quickly.

Porn keeps appearing on phone!  Feel like  I was taking advantage of!  If they say it is new it should be NEW!!!

After placing my order I contacted the seller to ask him to please mail it ASAP and he replied the next morning, he was absolutely helpful and wonderful. He told me he was going to mail the product that same morning and he really hoped I would get it in time for my daughters birthday. I received it the morning of the birthday and he saved the day. The phone I got was exactly as he described and looks and works perfectly. Absolutely a wonderful person, great transaction and wonderful experience for me. :-)

Korean crap. It developed a &#34;sticky key.&#34;  This is a common problem on these phones where the device refuses to fully power on. I easily fixed that by opening it up and squeezing various areas of the inner (connected to the motherboard not the external button cover) power button.  I upgraded to it from a Huawei Mytouch (a newer but very low end smartphone). The huawei is much faster and the construction is much better with the Huawei's back being soft touch, smaller and much more comfortable to hold, and the back is much more resilient ( this Galaxy's back cover is made from hard plastic that chips when you've dropped it).Also the silver border paint has peeled and the phone just hasn't aged well. Compared to the Huawei, this one was much faster- when it was working. It also allowed me to use much more new apps. Though I found the new android OS to be more confusing to use. Every day there is constant freezing up of applications. Browser, Tapatalk, kik among others. Sometimes I can't even answer calls ie. I swipe and there is animation depicted but the call keeps ringing. Battery life on all smart phones is atrocious as expected. Every night battery is low. I'm not quite sure smart phones are even worth the trouble when dumb phones are much more reliable and I have a laptop for serious usage anyways. I will be getting a cheap Nokia bar phone to replace this phone.

Its a piece of crap!! what a waste of money. The entire phone looked like it was thrown around and the buttons on the phone doesn't even work never buying from amazon again.

Arrived a few days early.  Mine was not white which is what I hoped.  Happy to have a new phone although there were no ear buds included

Brand new phone, worked perfectly. Was missing a SIM card and Micro SD, but otherwise just like I would buy at a T-mobile store.

Delivery was fast and was the latest version. I have enjoyed this phone immensely. The only issue I have is the battery life, but always a problem with smartphones. I am learning what works best for me on configuration for battery life, each person may be different, if you want a great phone for the price, it is this one.

This is an awesome cell phone.  Samsung definitely knows how to make a user friendly android.  I have even converted my friend who has been an iphone fanatic forever.

I was a little worry about the phone, but I got it an am very happy, cant put it down the phone is great. I get good service i'm very glad that I order it. love it

Love it :-)it is exactly what I was looking for it allows me to get the apps I want and everything else works great.

This phone is amazing...all the options on it are just what I needed. Would highly recommend this phone to anyone needing or wanting an  extremely user friendly phone.

Bought AS NEW from seller Zaarn and fulfilled by Amazon. Phone is not new. Not packaged in original packaging. Has third party accessories. Signs of wear on the phone including deep scratches in the screen. Dont waste your money. Buy elsewhere.

Lots of features and a big screen.  Got this as a replacement phone to use with TMobile, placed the SIM and everything worked, it's a TMobile branded phone.

but its a little beat up i knew it was used but i guess i though i expected a little better condition for some reason

I really like this phone except being an old version. Such wonderful unlocked phone for all individuals using almost all mobile cell phone service providers.

I wake up at 4 am, and unplug it from the charger.  I check my email periodically while at work, rarely take pictures while at work and rarely make phone calls.  By two oclock every day, the battery dies.  Even in power saver mode all day.  I got rid of my htc mytouch because after two years, the battery wouldn't hold a charge.  After 24 days, the galaxy s2 barely holds a charge.  What a waste of money!

Can someone tell me about this phone. Like how good it is and what color it is also is it really unlocked? thats what im wondering the most. Please answer this as soon as possible i will be buying this phone.

Great phone everything I expected came on time I would recommend it if your looking to upgrade without a contract this is perfect choice

So far I am completely satisfied with this item.  For the price I don't think I could beat it.  I'm still learning about all the apps, and every time I master one, I say to myself, &#34; &#34;WOW&#34;, why did it take me so long.&#34;

This is the first andriod phone I have ever bought and absolutely LOVE it!!. I cannot leave the house with out this phone! It has everything that you could ever want/need in a cell phone. It also has a really great gps which gets me everywhere!! I am so happy with this product!

My phone came early and I had no problems with the seller or the item. I'm really glad I purchased my first Galaxy phone with this seller. The description says black phone, but I got a white one which isn't a big problem for me since I initially wanted a white one to match my white Note 10.1. The phone was brand new and everything was in it. I really love my new phone the images are crisp and it doesn't lag. Overall it's AWSOME :D

I like the phone so far.. it not giving me any problem yet... every on the phone is great..... I'm loving this phone

Item as described.Got It in a couple of daysAnd, It does what it was meant for. Great Deal.

This phone is great im a happy customer and if you purchase this phone you will too love it love it

I got this phone for a friend of mine who really needed it and there was absolutely no problem with it what so ever. I also got it a day prior to the minimum receiving day of shipment. Thanks for the quick and efficient shipment and keep up the great work.

Has a excellent ergonomic manufacture, because is elegant, light and with a beatiful aesthetic but in the operationally way, the cell phone is slow and stops frequently. There are cheaper devices with the same expectations, although not as reputable.

The phone works fine. Its just really beat up. Tons of scratches an indents. I would have rated a 5 if not.

Not sure phone is new like it said no Sim card even though said it was inside the box. Phone charging not working when in use and takes hours to charge.

UPDATE April 22nd, 2014:Well, it's been a while. The S5 is here and costs about four times as much as this phone. I still wouldn't say that the S2 is a bad phone. It was a trailblazer. It was one of the first appealing mainstream Android phones. Its feature set, quantitatively speaking, is comparable to that of today's phones, which tells you how little things have changed since. The hercules (that is its codename) can run Android 4.4 if you root it (and trust me, this phone is AMAZINGLY easy to modify) and install CyanogenMod 11. After all these years, it's STILL a good value. Competition like the Oneplus One(&lt;$400), the Nexus 5 ($350), the Motorola X($340) and Moto G($200) all are very nice phones designed for people on a budget. The last one, the Moto G, comes close in price, but the specs are actually slightly worse on that. So I don't hesitate when I say this: If you want a phone around the $200 price range, there is probably no better option than this one. I would HIGHLY recommend that you step up your budget to something like a Oneplus One or a Nexus 5, both of which rival today's $800 phones for half the price. However, I realize that's not an option for everyone, and this phone works fine for everyday use.INITIAL REVIEW:This phone was released in 2011. It is now close to the end of 2013. If you know technology, you know that essentially means this phone is as good as dead and gone.You would be wrong, though.Story of my life: I bought the HTC One S around a year and a half ago, but its camera exaggerated colors, so I swapped it for the then somewhat dated, but the next best, S2. I had wanted the iPhone(which wasn't available on T-Mobile), but now I was stuck with a (or so I thought) second rate Android.Well, I did have complaints. It was laggy. The battery life sucked. It wasn't made of fancy glass and metal. Boo hoo.Well, I sucked it up, and used it.AESTHETICS: The black one looks... not as good. The plastic bezel is glossy, and looks cheap. The white one, on the other hand, has a matte bezel, which looks more like anodized Aluminium. The back on the white one is glossy(unlike the black one), but it doesn't looks bad. It's just slippery(again, unlike the black one). This phone, otherwise, has a very nice, industrial look to it. It feels extremely solid in the hand (unlike the S4). The width of the phone takes getting used to; that was the main reason I dropped it, reaching over to the extreme corners. One (small)complaint I have is about the speaker "hump". There's more going on in there, but the phone cannot be laid down flat. I would say the white S2 looks and feels beautiful, more so than the black one. EDIT: So apparently the white one can't be found. Oh well, a case will mask the bezel.DURABILITY: I bought a Ballistec Case for it, considering it was my first phone, but guess what? You don't need it! This phone has been dropped, chucked(don't ask), flung onto latches, lockers, pavement and tile with no case(you get tired of Ballistec cases), and it hasn't broken. The plastic bezel, while unsightly, crunches and dents under impact, which allows it withstand greater impacts without transferring force to the screen. Kind of life a bumper. It also keeps the glass from touching when laid flat. I would suggest getting a simple TPU case, just so reduce the number of dents that appear on the bezel. I bought the Diztronic one; it was nice.CAMERA: The camera is decent under good lighting, but the best part is the color reproduction. It's better than my HTC One(which is widely regarded as the best phone you can buy as of October 2013). Don't expect to be blown away by the camera, but it's definitely usable, especially under good lighting. There tends to be a lot of noise in low lit scenes, but that's to be expected. The app is great, though it lacks the fancy features of today's phones. But it has everything you'll expect from a modern smartphone, and then some. The rate of capture, however, is terrible. So are the exposure times, but, whatever. It's a 2011 cell phone. The front facing camera is very lacking, and less than great in almost every lighting except ideal. If you're into the whole "selfie"(actually, this word is in the Oxford now) thing, I don't recommend using this phone. It is however, good enough for video chatting. If you can hold still, then most pictures will come out fine.DISPLAY: This phone has a 4.5 inch AMOLED display. The resolution of this phone is a low 800x640, which isn't terrible. It just means things won't be as sharp. It has a pixel density of 206ppi, which is much lower than what Apple says is the Retina barrier(300ppi). I have a 470ppi, 1080p phone, and I still think that the resolution of the S2 isn't that bad. That's saying something. AMOLED displays are very nice for colors, but, in my experience, use more battery than other technologies, and aren't as good in the sunlight. That applies here. Don't expect to be able to see very well outdoors. It has glare and isn't bright enough for that. However, the low resolution means that the processor doesn't have to work as hard! That's kind of optimistic, but it's a valid point.BUT WAIT, there's more!ROOTING:/**I am not responsible for anything that happens to you, your phone, or anything else. This review is simply my opinion, and you are free to ignore it.*/Android, like the Linux it is based off of, allows you to grant "superuser" access to the apps on your phone(which includes the interface). This means you can alter the files in the "root" of your phone, and change things that the manufacturer would not want you to."Oh no! What is he doing? Why is he condoning the use of illegal software?!" Nope, it's not illegal, it just voids your warranty. EDIT: So apparently, this exact phone comes with no warranty. I would assume Amazon would still uphold its items for at least 30 days. I recommend Galaxy S2 root dot com. The guy there has tons of info on how to go about doing this.You'll also want to join the XDA forums and join the community of fellow T989 users there who have rooted their phones.If you root and install a custom ROM, you'll have access to:1) Wi-Fi hotspot: Why should carriers be able to tell you how to use your data? Doing THIS blatantly usually gets you a warning, followed by service termination from the carrier. But if you stay withing your limits, you should be fine.2) "Move to SD Card": There is a review here saying that Google is in on something, and doesn't allow you to install apps to the SD card. Well, most ROMs, especially CyanogenMod, allow you to do just this. I'm pretty sure this is a limitation of, not a restriction on, Android, and you need root access to be able to do this.3) Under/overclocking: You can change the settings on your phone to save power or to get better performance. I don't recommend this, as you have the potential to fry your phone, but hey! your call.4) Customization: The "splash screen"(the logo you see when you boot) can be changed, the boot animation can be changed, the theme colors can be changed, etc.5) Remove bloatware: Any app you don't like or want you can hibernate(not allow any background activity) via Greenify or completely uninstall via Titanium backup. Be careful when doing this though.Notes: Be careful. Read a LOT before you do anything. Make sure you flash the right firmware, or else you'll ruin your phone. You can't use software for the international S2 or any other variant of it. It needs to specifically be for the T989.BATTERY LIFE: So, after installing CyanogenMod, I am easily able to get a day if not two of very mild usage(&lt;1 hour). You will definitely run out in a single day if you are on it for more than, say, an hour and a half. You can find a whole bunch of battery saving tips online. Don't expect to be blown away, though. There's not much to say. It used to be terrible, but now it's decent. I believe the 4.1 update by Samsung actually helped. I can't be sure though.PERFORMANCE: The S2 has a very low resolution screen, but a powerful chip. This gives it an advantage in terms of performance. With CyanogenMod 10.1, which is based off of Android 4.2, there is little to no lag in the UI, thanks to Project Butter, and other enhancements. It runs most games pretty well, and some very well, especially 2D games like DoodleJump and Jetpack Joyride. It can run Asphalt 8, the latest graphic game for Android, on Medium settings at an expectedly mediocre frames per second. On Very Low settings, it runs very well, and actually looks pretty nice, too. Apps do take a little while to start up, though. Again, don't expect to be blown away.SOUND: OK, so this phone has a tiny speaker way in the corner, on the back. It's tinny, and can crack sometimes. But it's plenty loud for normal situations. I'm comparing this to my boombox of a phone (the HTC One has BoomSound), and therefore biased. If you are going to listen to music, or doing anything sound-related in public or otherwise noisy places, you're going to want a pair of headphones, which is not included. With CyanogenMod, and plenty of other ROMs, you get access to equalizers and other cool stuff, though, which is nice.SOFTWARE: Touchwiz by Samsung has often been blasted for its existence. In 2012, I agreed. But with the 4.1 update, I have to say, I really don't have any complaints except for the cartoonish look (which is entirely subjective). It has quick toggles and well... actually, I can't remember all the stuff, but it definitely has a lot. There's very little lag, which is nice, especially compared to when I first got this phone. Samsung is the best at keeping its phones updated with the latest features. The usefulness of those features, however, is debatable. CyanogenMod is very barebones, but is aesthetically more appealing. 4.3 will soon be ready for everyday use, which means your 2011 phone will be running the latest release of Android as of October 2013. There are several other ROMs out there with features I can't begin to describe, so really, if you're new to Android, you're in for a treat.OVERALL: For it price, the S2 is definitely a huge value. It has a workable camera, decent battery life, a nice display, and a smooth, feature packed OS. You won't be blown away by anything really. You can't expect much considering this phone is worth less than 300 bucks. That's for a functional, portable, telephone, PC, MP3 player, camera, alarm clock, gaming console, etc. The best part is, this phone does it well. You'll get a better bang for your buck if you root it, though. You'll get access to far more features, even some that the reviewers here are complaining about. Just don't do it immediately; make sure your phone isn't defective, and use it normally for about a month. Then, go to galaxy s2 root . com and unlock your S2's full potential.You can't expect much of this phone. That said, the more I play around with my S2, the more I wonder if my upgrade to the One was really worth it. Some would shoot me down for simply questioning the One, some would do so for owning a smartphone. Bottom line is, if you're on a tight budget, this is one of the best phones you can currently buy.Recommended stuff:Nova Launcher, Titanium Backup (root), Greenify (root), Kingsoft Office, Asphalt 8, Google Keyboard, Google Drive, Diztronic TPU case, headphones.

Bought the S2 and let me say, BETTER than any Plug-n-Play device you can put in your windows desktop. Open the box, pop in the sim, turn on, SHAZAM!! Oh, and kudos to SHOPCELLDEALS for delivering a fantastic price and solid product!! THANKS. Will favorite this seller.

Love this phone so far. Has great features and has worked well. As with any smart phone, it can chew up batter power, but it gets me through the day on one charge. Someone that does a lot of internet use may have to charge the phone more. Navigation and maps work well, and seems to be handling the apps that I have installed. As usual, bought it for a great price through Amazon, and got my usual fast shipping. Very pleased so far.

Full disclosure: The phone I bought was pre-installed with CyanogenMod which updates the device beyond the official spec (a custom Android 4.3), so I cannot promise that my experiences are typical of the stock T-Mobile SII.That said, I have really enjoyed this phone.  Despite buying it used, it was in great shape and works wonderfully!The screen is clear and crisp despite the low (by modern standards) resolution and so far the device can handle anything I throw at it.I highly recommend getting this phone if you're looking for a cheaper but fully featured smartphone.  Updated to 'droid 4.3, this is a very good phone for the money.

and I love the galaxy s2 and happy with phone because this is what I needed and the size is a great size for methanks for your business I appreciate it and thank you again

I purchased this Smart Phone gently used. Couldn't be more pleased with the condition and works great, like brand new.

the battery is so no good on the phone I brought had to purchase an additional one because it dies fast and won't charge fully

I'm sure that when this phone is NEW, it's fine... I got ripped off.  Spent $250. It's used, and now it doesn't work properly. Too late to return...

WHEN I BOUGHT THIS PHONE, I HAVE SOME PROBLEMS BUT THE SELLER SOLVED IT IN VERY GOOD MANNER. THIS PHONE IS VERY GOOD ONE THAN THE SAMSUNG S2 91000.

Very nice phone I would recommend it to anyone looking for a large phonebattery life is lower then desired but for a used product I don't mind

I love my phone!  My first time orderding I read all the reviews, inquired with friends who are faithful amazon shoppers and finally decided to go for it.  Well, I am very satisfied with my phone and got it earlier than the delivery date given, so I was really excited. I will order again!  No complaints for a first timer.

Quit working after 2 months of receiving it. Very unhappy. It is a great phone but that does not help if it doesn't work.
