
I have used it for 6 months...Worked well till 6 months...One fine day I tried to start up the my cell which had enough battery power...Just did not start up.Gave it to a mobile repair shop and he tried to install android again...however the same problemo!He suggested that it might be a hardware issue. I have not dropped it once on the ground or in water.I cant even get it replaced since Amazon has only 2 months of grace period for this.Not sure what to do . Suggestions are welcome

Like this phone except for camera / video app. it freezes the phone everytime I tried to open the application.

I got this phone for $200 and found it worth every penny. Phone features are really good although keys are little on the harder side.

is very fast for use the internet and running the apps, the only thing I would add to it is a front cameraupdate:after one month using it just starts to reboot by itself even with a full charged battery, then when is already turned on shows a black screen, I've read the reviews and there's a lot of people saying the same, I feel bad I just read it.Don't waste your money they are selling broken phones and I can't return it because I'm in another country.

I use this phone for business. So I want it to manage my contacts and calendar, as well as to make calls. It's great to have Web access too. I didn't buy it for social networking or media capabilities.  The phone has been great with one exception...The calendar that came with the phone does not sync properly with Google calendar. I have tried to get help with this issue and Motorola support was helpless.  My ultimate solution will probably be to replace the calendar that came with the phone with another calendar app.On the good side, the phone gets great reception. I have a good signal almost everywhere with Simple Mobile.  It syncs my contacts perfectly.  The processor is super fast and I am able to get Web pages relatively quickly compared to other phones.  The battery lasts longer than any other phone I've ever had.So, I'm pleased with the phone, except for the calendar, but that issue is fixable with someone else's Android app.Update: I was able to get the calendar to sync with Google using a free app called Synker. With that app, the phone works perfectly.

The motorola I bought doesn't work, i'm still looking to repair it.- I couldn't use it, something is not working with the operating system.

This is perhaps the best business phone I have ever used. Like it better than the Blackberry Bold 9900/9930 (coz it doesn't have android on it). Anyways the packaging was perfect and was brand new and sealed and everything. Superb performance if u know how to use it well. Battery performance is mind blowing. Last for like 2 days with normal average use. This phone has 4GB internal memory but most of is used up by the stock ROM so u will only see about 1.21/1.23 GB available internal memory but space doesn't matter coz I also bought a Sandisk 32GB UHS v1.0 Micro SDHC. :-) There is no lag in this mobile and everything is pretty smooth. Super fast shipping.Note:- There are two models -- International and Canadian. Only the Canadian version has (4G) !!! The international one is exactly the same but doesn't support (4G). This one is international version. So don't expect (4G).This phone is unlocked and I am using T-Mobile.

First of all, I would like to start by saying that I paid for a new phone and was given a used one instead. Which in my opinion is wrong. However, the problem is that my girlfriend whom this phone was for had minor troubles with the screen within the first couple days of usage (phone would be on but there was no display). It apparently had "fixed itself", but then when she went back home, the phone screen stopped working again. It is a blank screen but it still responds to finger touches. She brought the phone to several different technicians and so far they all tell her the same thing: it cannot be fixed. This is very unfortunate because we lost $300 paying for a used phone that should be guaranteed to work. There is no warranty or insurance with this so we are essentially screwed.

Good phone with all that should be expected from a business oriented smartphone.The keyboard is rather hard to press initially but after 2-3 weeks of usage, it seems to have seasoned.Unsurprisingly, the tactile feedback of the keyboard is not as good as any BlackBerry phone.Consisting the overall quality of the phone, it is priced at a pretty affordable price of USD199.99 (As of the time of this review).Pros:- Good call quality on handset or speaker phone.- Besides the Motorola Admiral(Sprint CDMA only), this is the only Android phone with non-sliding keyboard that comes with a decent A8 Cortex cpu.- Display has good legibility under sunlight- Decent battery life (With Pushmail enabled for one Exchange account, Gmail set to receive every 15min & moderate data usage I can get close to 24 hours of uptime)Cons:- Cut & paste text from one application to another does not seem to work on this phone(My Desire S has not issue with this)- To take a screenshot, the default shortcut combination in Gingerbread does not work on this phone. Seems that you have to root this phone before screenshot taking apps on Google Play can work.- Android GUI/usability customization(MotoBlur)on this phone is not as good or user friendly as Samsung Touchwiz or HTC Sense.Additional information on version sold by Amazon (Milestone MB632):- the packaging is Motorola OEM, not retail (comes with just the charger with detachable USB cable & the Quickstart guide/Safety documentation).- Comes with Android 2.3.5 (US) which is not upgradable OTA currently.(Motorola has yet to push 2.36 for other countries besides EU, & it's confirmed that 4.0 will not be released for MB632)- I downloaded the 2.36 update from a 3rd party source and it eliminated almost all Motoblur process crashes that I sometimes get on 2.35(the phone is still usable when that process crashes)

Just to let you all know, I bought this phone last month, but it just did not turn on.....I plugged it in, for the recomended time (first charge), and it beeped, I had same LED blinking, vibrated, but no screen.  Just did not work out of the box....I had to send it back for a refund...very sad experience.

I dont fine in any place what is the frequency for 3G this phone has several version.HSDPA 850 / 1900 / 2100HSDPA 850 / 1700 / 2100HSDPA 900 / 2100Can some one help me and tell me what the the HSDPA for this one selling here??

El telefono es excelente, rapido, tiene muy buena camara, el sistema operativo android es muy estable, lo recomiendo ampliamente, trabaja en 3g con movilnet y movistar de Venezuela, le doy 4 estrellas porque no trajo los audifonos

The good:  This is a Blackberry-styled Android phone.  It works very well and I love having a QWERTY keyboard to make messaging so much faster and more accurate.  The camera takes decent photos as well.The not so good:  Too my dismay, some Android apps are "not compatible" with this phone.  This has happened twice (Words With Friends, Scoutmob) and I have no idea why the apps would not be compatible with a touch-screen Android.  Hopefully the app developers will step up and fix the compatibility issue.I still really like the phone after about a week, and the app compatibility issue is not a big enough of a hassle to prevent me from recommending the phone to others.EDIT:  I also just discovered that this phone features no FM Radio as is the usual with Android phones.

I bought this phone few months ago and am very pleased with it.ProsThe voice quality and speaker quality is excellent which is the main purpose for buying any phone.It has excellent screen resolution, the keyboard is a bit stiff and takes a while to get used to.It is fast, snappy and 1Ghz processor is good enough for everyday workThe GPS works very well and normally gets a lock in seconds.I have never had any problems with random rebooting that I used to get with my previous samsung galaxy SL phoneThe auto brightness sensor works very well and you can even see all the details on the screen in bright sunlightI have installed Zeam launcher which is very lightweight and much better than the stock motoblurThe battery life is excellent and last a day on normal usageThe Universal Inbox is one of the best apps I have seen on android for receiving emails, sms etc. It works without any glitchI have installed dolphin browser mini, a fast lightweight browser.ConsThe memory is 512MB with only 350MB usable. It goes to 50MB very quickly if you load a few apps and the phone becomes sluggishThe slide to unlock feature cannot be disabled

I'm only giving it a one star review because when I got the phone the phones software did not show the IMEI wich meant that no gsm chip could be recognized, had to turn it in to Motorola repair centre they were great repaired the phone asap!

Had this phone for 3 days now, and so far so good. Personally, I think this is a handsome phone that's understatedly stylish. The size of it is just right; not too big, not too small. Beautiful screen that's clearly very scratch resistant.  Like all phones, the screen smudges easily, but just buff it with a dry soft cloth and it is beautiful once more. UI is good, flash works great, and the processor's quite capable. So far, the best phone I've ever had.

Had one before and lost it. This is a replacement. So far so good. Notice the return arrow not working all the time . will watch for a while.

Unfortunately the Bluetooth would not turn on via any of the buttons or setting menus. On the website of Motorola in various countries there is no search results if you put the modelnumber in the search box so no info, no software upgrades, no user comments, nada. I did get in touch with the chat support. Thay made me soft reset and hard reset it, which didn t solve the problem. The good end of the story is that I could send it back to amazon and got a full refund.

The cellphone at the beginning looked perfect, but after threem minutes suddenly reboot. Took it to technnical service (4 places to be exact)and they said its a hardware problem, they reset the phone.. and nothing.The worst thing its this was a gift for my dad in christmas and its totally broken! how can i have a cellphone that turns off out of the nowhere.Im in Venezuela now, because the cellphone shipped after a month, i can not do anytrhing. Just lost my money!

bad things happen, this phone has a great performance while running, also has a huge glitch (hardware) that makes it reboot until there's no energy left in the battery, so in my opinion just DONT  buy it...

Very nice telephone, characters are awesome, it works so good in venezuela. if you want to have 2 options keyboard and touchscreen, this is the phone

It seemed to be good device in the beginning. But after 2 months of usage it destroyed my dreams. Everything goes wrong when I bring this phone in my home country Bulgaria. It failed with the logging to the mobile network. After this somehow it logged into. After this the wifi stopped to work, it dropped the mobile network and the camera didn't works. With a refusal for repairing in the Motorola service in Bulgaria and many emails written to the US service now the device is traveling to USA for repairing. I hope that it will work normally if it comes back successfully.

First unit came defective, WiFi detects wireless networks but never connect to them, just if it is very close to router; maybe a transmision power issue. Amazon responds sending me a replace unit in two-day shipping, all for free. Second unit has no problems. I like the keyboard style, the screen resolution is very good, good processor and memory, nice 5 MP camera. Like most of today smartphones, battery capacity is an issue. Very nice unit and better for Amazon Customer Service.

I got this cell a few months from this date, and the only thing i have to say its that it is a bang for the buck, the only con i found is the lack of RAM memory, it needs more velocity when using more than a few apps.

I had a BlackBerry Curve 8900 but I decided I wanted a phone with a better internet browser. This phone does the trick! Sure, the viewing screen isn't as large as other smartphones, but for quick information look-up on the Internet and email retrieval, this definitely does the trick. Also, the Android Marketplace provides a lot of app options. A cool app to download is Data Enabler, which is a widget that enables or disables your data every time you have access to data, which is helpful for those who don't have a large data plan like me. Another app I found to be important is Headset Blocker...for some reason, the music player on the phone kept randomly stopping every time I plugged it in my auxiliary input in my car. The Headset Blocker app blocks some "communication in the wire" so that the phone doesn't think it's a headset.I'm a very fast texter on the BlackBerry, so I was a little frustrated when I had to type on this phone for the first couple of days. Not only were the keys harder to press on this phone that the BlackBerry, but I kept accidentally hitting the four touch screen buttons which would either bring me to my home screen or to the search toolbar. It took me a couple of weeks to learn to not hit those buttons, and to reach my previous texting speed.Very cool phone. Love having the qwerty right there. I don't have to slide out a keyboard nor have to wait for the screen to respond and show a touch screen qwerty. I will be keeping this phone as long as it's alive!

The phone worked for about two weeks before it began giving  trouble.  Now a month later it does not work at all.

I purchased this phone several days ago and by far, this is probably the best phone I have had. I always liked the design and form factor of the Blackberry 7100 series, it being my first smart phone I ever owned. I have owned several since then, including full touch screen Android devices, Windows Phones, and side-slider Android and Symbian devices. Honestly for what I was looking for, this is a great phone. I text and email quite a bit and I absolutely hate on-screen keyboards. The keys are a little stiff and take some time to get acclimated, but work great for what I need it to do. I use my phone on the 850/1900/2100 bands with AT&T; and it works great, getting an even better signal than the other phones I have owned. It also has very snappy performance and is not loaded down with any bloatware from any carrier. If you are looking for a candybar form phone with a qwerty keyboard, this is hands-down the best you can find that has been recently released.UPDATE:I used the phone for roughly two weeks and absolutely loved it. However, I started having problems close to the end of the second week. The ALT key stopped working intermittently, so sometimes I would have no way to input numbers or symbols other than using the on-screen keyboard, which defeats the purpose of having a physical keyboard. Also, the 3G would randomly go out for no apparent reason, even when there definitely was a 3G signal. I would have to turn the phone off and turn it back on and hope that it would pick up the 3G. I had high hopes for this phone and was very excited to have finally found a phone that I had been looking for, but was quickly let down. I returned it for a refund.

bought this for my lady cuz she was sick of her palm pre not working correctly when she needed it too. very glad I was able to convert her to the wonders of android! screen is a bit small but liveable. good/fast keyboard, great battery life, decent call quality as well as sound. it is very well built and solidly constructed. all around great phone for the price!

i loved everything about this phone..and it worked completely fine..but as soon as i used the camera.the touch screen becomes unresponsive.i have to take the battery out and put it back to make it responsive again..very sad.i sent it baack and planning on just getting it new since i bought it used this time.hope it makes a diference.

The camera and camcorder stopped to function after one month of use. Further, I set up two Yahoo! accounts, but only works. Today, February 13th 2013, both accounts stop working altogether!

It worked  for a month until it froze on motorolla logo. Excellent  camera, light, very nice but software problem that make it the  worst buy. I do not recommend. In Venezuela there is no technical support,  also sent several people to repair and  fails again. Worst  motorolla phone.  Just lost money.

Almost a perfect device.  Zero problems @ 3 weeks.  Great functionality.  Replaced my BlackBerry.  I've always had great luck with Motorola and this is no exception.

the phone will automatically lock you enter the sim, ie that this team is good for Venezuela because there is no operator to release him entirely, since it completely blocks motorola if used by another operator

I have ordered this phone through my friend in US. I am using this phone in India. Just after 2 days of usage it stopped working. It's not booting. I called up Motorola support center of US & Canada. However didn't get any positive assistance.Phone is still with me in defective condition. No support here in India. :-(

The phone at firts was excelent, but after two weeks of use, the battery started to get hot and didnt charged properly, the camera started to fail and it got freeze sundely, the worst thing is that i live in venezuela and here that phone dosnt have any spare parts to fix it, good phono but bad for amazon because the phome came damage

I don`t know and cannot understand how Amazon still sell this cellPhone. I bought it for my wife couple of weeks ago, and this afternoon, the screen goes black and can't use it. I want to know if i lose my money or if amazon is going to take any responsabilty of this.

Good phone with all that should be expected from a business oriented gadget.Cons:- Very hard keyboard with unpleasantly slanted keys;- Short battery life (a longer lasting battery from Mugen costs 50% of the phone's price);- Android 2.3.5 is not upgradable;- Of the advertised 4Gb memory only 1.3 Gb is usable, so an SD card is a must (phone takes cards up to 32 Gb);- Version sold by Amazon (Milestone MB632):.  lacks Motoblur option;.  does not include the wired headset with microphone available in the box contents of other resellers;.  no documentation, except a minimalist quick start guide;.  the packaging is so spartan that for a few seconds I suspected it was a fake.

Love the keyboard (which takes a little getting used to). It's not as good as my old BlackBerry, but it's better than the on-screen keyboard.Battery life is decent for an Android device.Speed's hit or miss. Sometimes it takes up to 10 (!) seconds for the phone to look up a contact, sometimes less. A reboot fixes that. My BlackBerry never had problems searching through my address book.Software-wise, the OS is stuck at Android 2.3.5 and won't be updated by Motorola. Even the Android development community hasn't yet figured out a way to upgrade the stock system to anything higher.

I was so excited to see this unlocked phone available on Amazon.  I have T-Mobile.  I always wanted the Blackberry style physical keyboard on an Android phone.Pros:-  The call quality is excellent.  People think I'm on a landline. The phone comes with a dual microphone, one on top and one on bottom.-  Earpiece and speaker is loud and clear.-  No Android stutter when scrolling between screens.-  Yes, there is a blinking LED light indicator on the top right corner.-  The 5MP rear camera is Autofocus.  It takes decent pictures and 720P videos for a camera phone. Not great in low light.  It has 1 LED flash, not dual flash.-  The battery capacity is 1550 mAh.  I've owned several Android phones in the past and with heavy usage it lasts 6 hours.  The battery life on this Motorola Pro is excellent.  I talk using the speakerphone only.  With 15 hours of usage, the battery indicator is at 55%.  There is also a battery saver mode for additional battery savings.-  The screen is 640x480.  The screen is sharp and bright.  I can read text outdoors without a problem.  The viewing angle is OK.  The screen is a durable gorilla glass.-  Keyboard, this is the reason I bought the Android phone.  I cannot type on a virtual keyboard.  The keyboard is identical to a Blackberry and I love it.-  Multi-media. Plays Youtube.  Music player works with bluetooth headset.-  The phone feels good in the hand.  Good balance.  Heavier on the top than the bottom which is good for typing.Cons:-  No front facing camera.-  GPS is horrible.  It cannot pinpoint my location.  Instead, I use the celltower to try to identify my location.-  The standard Android web browser is awful.  Instead, I downloaded Opera Mini.  However, the screen is only 3.1" so its difficult to read articles.Bottom Line:  The best business phone I have ever owned.Update 11/22/12:  Here's my feedback after 6 months of usage:Pros:  The battery lasts 2 days.  Because I have no 3G on T-Mobile.  Very durable.  I've dropped this phone on pavements, linoleum, tile and in water.  Still working, no cracks.Cons:  3G does NOT work on T-mobile.  The keyboard is very stiff unlike a Blackberry.  The GPS does NOT work anywhere. Sometimes people can't hear me on the speakerphone when I hold it close to speak.Would I buy this phone again? Yes and No.  I'm thinking of upgrading to Samsung S3 because of the camera quality.

I ordered this phone because I want an andoid phone with qwerty keyboard. I have an android phone (alcatel one touch) and it is great and I have a motorola EX115 dual sim phone and that's great too but I want to combine the two and that's what I'm hoping this phone will do. The only disappointment is this phone is not dual sim. I will have to retire one phone and just resort to one number (i have a work and personal number in one).I ordered the phone a couple days ago and it should come in a couple days but I will do a review after I get it and use it. I hoping it will be great and I wouldn't have to worry about the dual sim thing so much.

I really like this phone, but it isnt possible to access the internet on it. There are no setting to enable mobile data, packet data or whatever. A shame cos as i said, i really like it.

Compared to my Blackberry 9900, the MB632 responds quickly. I hardly notice any delay or lag. My Blackberry 9900 has been plagued with delays and lags ever since I bought it.Now to the show stopper: The Power Button!I think the power button/circuitry of my MB632 came damaged. Occasionally, the power does not just work; it can't unlock the phone. It seems to work randomly when the phone is not charging. I would say it works 50% of the time. However, it does work, always, when the phone is charging.

You're liars all speculation. I bought a phone and it has a technical problem .I am planning sued Amazon Administration., You Speculation , I try to speak my mind anywhere

I bought this phone about a month ago. Overall it's a nice looking hardware qwerty candy-bar phone for business people. Battery life is excellent for an Android phone, last about two days with moderate use using max power save mode. The keyboard is too stiff and hard for my taste and the screen size is good. I end up returning it mainly because I wanted something with a softer keyboard like HTC Tilt 2. I will confirm that I got a version that was compatible with at&t 3G+ network HSDPA 850, 1900 and 2100, which is similar to the Canadian version of this phone and not the international version. If you have at&t or plan to use it with at&t, it will work with 3G+ speed which is very fast, almost same as surfing the web using iPhone 4S on 3G+.

First off, a word of warning: if, like me, you're on T-Mobile and looking to escape the pitiful line of phones they offer, be warned - this phone will not give you 3G on the T-Mobile network. If you can make your peace with being stuck with 2G/Edge pretty much for the lifetime of this phone, read on.The phone itself is quite good - the interface is snappy, and it lacks the "Android lag" that came on older Android phones. The software version it ships with is 2.3.5 (Gingerbread), which seems to rule out Swype (if you're looking for that). Other than that, the physical keyboard (a big reason for getting this phone) is quite clicky, although you do have to put some effort in to push the keys. The haptic buttons (the standard Android four button panel) sometimes get pushed when you're using the top row of the physical QWERTY keyboard, so that is a mild irritant.The voice quality is pretty good; the speaker phone, however, is brilliant. This might just be one of the best speaker phones I've ever used. If you need a phone for conferences / meetings, this would be a pretty good bet (and it looks pretty business-like, too!).(Review will be updated based on experience with the phone)

Phone is very good. You can install all the apps on it without any issue. I just rate it 4 stars because sometimes the keys are double pressed even when you carefully press it just once.

HERE IS THE REVIEW HAVING FIRST RECEIVED THE PHONE. READ BELOW FOR FOLLOW-UP REVIEW.Sparing you a lengthy review. Here it is. This phone is amazing.* Fast, smooth operating system* Professional image business phone* physical QWERTY keyboard, a little stiff but only had the phone for 1 day* bar style, no annoying horizontal slider* clear, sharp screen* good battery life* light weight* feels great in the hand* many other good qualities* & all of the obvious Android advantages, apps, customizationDid I mention, also.....this phone is outstanding. Five-and-a-half stars.UPDATE!!!After a few days of use, a problem developed with incoming phone calls and reception in general. Whenever I received a call, I could hear the caller (usually) speaking but they could not hear me for at least 5 - 10 seconds. Incredibly annoying! Outgoing calls, however, the caller could usually hear me right away as it should be. But the more the phone was used, the more problematic this became.I figured it must be a problem with the particular phone that I had and send for a replacement. Incredible ease, response time, and even refunded my shipping costs - good on you Amazon.In any case it isn't about the shipping, it's about the phone. Same thing. At first the phone did not have this problem, and now after a few days of use the problem has started again with the replacement phone. It's making an otherwise pretty great phone...pretty unusable. Aside from that there are other reception problems where in my previous phone, with the same SIM card and same carrier, there were none. It takes people 2 or 3 attempts to even ring through on the phone at all.Very disappointing, will probably return it and find something else. Thought I had found a true powerful Android portrait qwerty phone to rely on.

I just sent it go Motorola repair center. After setting a password on screen, it can't find Sim card. When I restart the phone, it keeps restarting many times. Finally, I can never turn it on any more. Now, I send it to repairing center. Anyway, the phone itself is good. However, since the place of production is china, you all will pay attention to it: it's your own responsibility to avoid use any digital product made in china! That's a cursed land.

We purchased this phone and it is surely a very good item. Comfortable, easy to use, easy for a person who never has used an Android phone to get used to it.However, the phone we bought from Amazon LLC worked fine just for a month. Now its screen just gets black, even when it's working (you can know it because it responds to finger inputs); the bad part is that it happened just 4 days after the return window expired. So, all I have in my hands is a good but useless phone.If you want to take the chances, you can give it a try. If the one you buy does not fail after a month, then you will have a good phone in your hands.UPDATE: Your chances of purchasing a phone that gets damaged in less than a month are higher than I thought. At least, I had a 1.000 'batting average' (2 damaged phones of 2 phones purchased). So, it's like playing russian roulette with 5 bullets in a 6-bullets pistol. Besides, it got damaged near of Amazon's 1-month return period, so now we have 2 damaged phones. There's no way for me to buy another phone like this in my whole life.The second phone failures are worst than the first one's. The phone freezes when you use the camera, some keys in the keyboard stop responding and it also freezes like the first one. Bad news (for me, now the proud owner of two hi-tech paperweights).I hope other users don't have the same problem. It's a very sad one.

I had this phone for about five days. I researched it for a couple days prior to finally buying it on Amazon. I'm a sucker for physical keyboards but I love Android too much to switch to Blackberry. This phone was practically perfection. The keys were somewhat stiff, but I naturally press hard when I write and type so it wasn't a problem for me. It had a sensor that would lock the display whenever you placed the phone into your pocket, which got in the way sometimes when I dragged down the notification bar due to its location on the top-right-front corner of the phone. I thought it was cool otherwise though. The phone is really fast; if it's ever slow it's probably your data connection. It never froze when I was just messing with the phone without the use of data. Texting was a dream compared to my previous phone (the Motorola Spice XT300 - PS never get that phone. It's slow and very limited due to age). Call quality was good. The vibration on the phone is pretty weak. It has a notification LED light in the top right corner, in case you fancy those the way I do. Now to why I returned the phone to Amazon.. after about five days, I stopped receiving signal, and it would not connect to T-Mobile after working perfectly for those past five days. I could not make calls, be called, send or receive texts or pursue anything involving the use of data. The phone stayed in Emergency mode. I went to T-Mobile to see what they could do about it. They switched my SIM into another phone, the SIM worked fine so it was the phone. After switching SIMS back, I got 4/5 bars of service on the MB632 and was ecstatic. I left the store and tried to call a friend, but the call never went through and the phone immediately went back to emergency mode. Every representative in the T-Mobile store tried to work with it to no avail. I just dropped it off at UPS for an exchange, but I think I'll return the exchanged phone cause I ran into online forums of several people with the same problem on the phone. I really hope that particular phone I had was defective and not all of them are like that cause I thought this phone was great. But at $200 and with others having this problem, I will have to return it and get another phone. Currently looking at the HTC Status for running on Android and having a physical keyboard.

I received my phone at 27/08 and my phone does not work! it is frozen in the logo of motorola....what should i do about it???!!!!!!

Not a big fan of the angled keys (wasn't aware of them when I bought it), but other than that it's a great phone!

I am using this phone with straighttalk. This phone has great reception and in my town I get hspa+ for data connectivity. Phone is smooth and everything seems to flow well between apps and screens. There is a little lag with the wifi on/off and connecting the wifi is a little slow. you can access your phone over wifi through almost any web browser by ip address of the phone which is great for file sharing and what not. 512mb of ram and a 1ghz processor. I have had the phone for just under a month and all in all she is working just fine. Great phone for the price and with my no contract carrier i am saving big bucks.

I have owned some really high-tech phones but I really wanted something with a touchscreen and physical keyboard and this one is the best one! The only complain I have for this one is the camera shutter! It's so loud! and that there is no front-facing camera but other than that, I love this phone!

The phone came damaged in that it is unable to read a sim card. Will just Purchase something else next time.

Received the phone in the mail a couple days ago and couldn't hold my excitement.  Upon opening the package I noticed the phone was insanely light!  The screen was bigger that expected, which is a plus for me.  I compared the phone to an iphone 4, and it is slightly bigger to put in your pocket.  Just a slight downfall, but I wanted a larger screen.The keyboard does take a little bit getting used to.  The keys are slightly arched, beginning down the center, they either arch slightly to the left, and to the right for presumably better typing.  It does take a bit to get used to.The clarity of this screen is what surprises me the most.  According to gsmarena.com, the MB632 has a 640 x 480 pixel display, with ~258 ppi pixel density.  VERY clear!The performance of the phone is superb.  It has a 1GHZ processor with 512mb of ram.  Sometimes there is a slight pause when loading certain applications.The phone also has a 5MP camera, very clear.All in all I would give this phone a 4/5 stars.  The reason I wouldn't give it a 5/5 is that this phone cannot be upgraded to Android Ice Cream sandwitch, so it is stuck at the latest Ginger Bread verson.Great buy and I am really happy with it.

The screen stopped working a few hours to start using the device. The screen just stayed black. It's a huge waste of time and money, I can not return it because I live outside the U.S..This problem is very common on these devices, take a look at the other comments with 1 star. Try to search the internet and see that this failure is more common than you think. Unfortunately I realized too late for this error.Do not risk AND SIMPLY DO NOT BUY!

UPDATE: apprx. 6 monthsThis phone was only $200 when I bought it. And at that price, I would NOT say it's a 4 or 5 star phone.  I can't believe it's up to $300 now!  Given the more expensive price, I would have to drop the quality down to 3 stars.  Now that it has apps and updates, it gets pretty laggy while processing. MOST IMPORTANTLY, more often than not when I answer calls nobody can hear.  At it's worst I would say 9 out of 10 people that call me can't hear me for SEVERAL seconds (between 5 to 10) or at all.  On a good week, I'll receive a proper incoming phone call that I can answer with no problems maybe 3 out of every 5 calls. I don't think this is acceptable for a PHONE!  A $300 phone at that.UPDATE: 3 monthsThe phone is a little glitchy.  I've had it for about a month now.  The two problems I've noticed is that the phone screen locks itself whenever the processor can't keep up(ex. playing games), and most annoying for me is that quite often when I pick up an incoming call it will either take a few seconds to connect or the other person just can't hear me at all and they hang up.  This last problem is the reason I knocked my rating down to 4 stars.  Still a pretty great phone and I love the texting, but it's really annoying to be expecting an important phone call and not know whether or not your phone is going to recognize/connect your voice with the caller.ORIGINAL:This phone is definitely worth the money! Relatively inexpensive for the quality. I use straight talk, which just recently started allowing customers to bring their own phone over if it is GSM. I absolutely hated the texting on the tiny touch screen phone I purchased through them. I love having the QWERTY physical keyboard, but the keys are pretty stiff. Given that it is a tight (yet comfortably sized) keyboard I know that it's probably necessary to make the keys a little stiffer or harder to press in order keep you from pressing other nearby keys.I've had the phone for 3 days. It gets faster data connection than the Samsung precedent I was using at 3G speeds.  I haven't had the phone crash on me like some reviews I read, but the screen has randomly locked on it's own as if i pressed the top lock key while working on it. I think mostly after I've been on it a while. My last little (insignificant) complaint is a lack of a physical camera button. Makes taking a pic of yourself nearly impossible. LolOtherwise, there are lots of fun features. The screen is plenty large, great resolution, smooth processing, no problems with my straight talk service, texting and typing is soooo much easier with the physical key board, very business oriented with the apps provided by the phone, lightweight, not too large or small perfect size, call quality seemed great, battery life not to shabby for a Droid OS. For the small price tag and other phones available in its price range, definitely worth every penny!

Buy this equipment warmly, I wanted a movable telephone with Android that came with hard keyboard and I thought by my previous experiences with the mark, that Motorola would be my better option. Nevertheless, this was not thus, the equipment began to fail by the WiFi connection. The page Web of Motorola indicated that there was an authorized technical service in my country, but when I was, they said to me that no longer they were it. Call to the Motorola Call Center, I followed indications to prove the telephone but it no gave positive result. Finally WiFi is damage. Additionally to that, for the actual version of Android, the 2.3.5 in this equipment, Motorola never it offered updates nor improvements.

Great phone and speedy, and for the price you get a nice piece of hardware. The phone feels like a blackberry

Nearly a great phone. I was looking for a BBerry alternative because I like real buttons. Even tho I am doing this review on an iPad, am not ready to go back to an iPhone yet. This phone is very nearly a good replacement,upgrade from my BB. The screen is big enough, there are way many options and apps for the op system, and it has actual keys. Good call quality and synced up fine with my corporate and personal email accounts. The keyboard was a little on the slim side for me, and was just not a good fit for my hands. I tried io like it and kept for several days, but wound up sending back for a refund. Good for me that I ordered from Amazon, and they honored the return no problem at all. Thank you Amazon, will continue to be a loyal customer.
