
Old one was really beat up and wouldn't charge.  Great to have a brand new one for a low price.

perfect

It is the worst phone I ever had .The battery  is very week and many other things don't work good.

Phone was exactly as described - good battery life and simplicity are great selling features.  Arrived on time and was easily able to connect it to an existing phone line.

The Bad: NOKIA 6350 no longer made, and with heavy use it will fall apart after two or three years.The Good: Decent basic phone, great battery life, excellent voice quality, AT&T; version guaranteed to work in Europe the moment you step off the plane.

This is the perfect phone for someone who doesn't need all the bells and whistles of the big boys. To change the sim card and program a few new contacts was a breeze. He was up and ready to go in 15 minutes. Couldn't be happier.

Everything I want and need!  I use a cell phone for calls and texts, and this phone provides both.  I can do more, but I choose not to.  The phone looks good, and works great.  Long battery life.  Clear reception.  Easy set up.  For me, much easier to use than a touch screen.  I have other devices to use when on the internet, I wanted a phone to be JUST A PHONE! It does take good pictures too!  It is also easy to slip into a pocket.

It's a good and easy to operate cell phone specially for people who's not familiar whith the smart phone's tecnology.

I just need a simple flip phone for my husband to make calls on. The phone works just as expected :-)

Since I have my main phone, this one is kind of like my backup one. Very nice phone for the money. Nice clear screen with some of the features of a 'smart phone' w/o the cost.

Replaces old phone. Good clear voice,small fits in pockets durable easy to USE-alarm  CLOCK FRUSTRATING. to turn off alarm.Could  HAVE BETTER MANUAL

I always wanted to get a AT&T; cell phone.  I searched for the closest cell phone that I had from t-mobile which was also a nokia, but not the same type which was a no.# 3711 if I am not mistaken.  If the first one didn't get broken by some one else I wouldn't of had to buy a replacement one from Fast Lane Wireless which lasted me about 3 years.  With T-mobile during a snow storm when the electricity goes out it doesn't work.I bought a used one , the Nokia 6350 AT&T; cell phone a red one from CD Phone Home Inc., it didn't work very well.  My review on that one is under the red phone on the amazon web site.This phone I like it very much.  It has the same features I have been looking for.  Good sound quality, A scientific calculator, The address book in it is great, you can see the names and addresses full view.  The ringing is loud but could be a little louder especially if you have it in your pocketbook or coat.  No dropped phone calls at all.  I know during a snow storm when the electric goes out the phone will always work.If ever you want any tech support or questions about the phone just go to the closest AT&T; store and they will help you with your phone as I was told by them.  I plan to go there soon, as I have some questions and concerns.  I will write an update as soon as I can.UpDate: 1. Yes it was a great phone, I did like it but there were a few things wrong with it.  I realized it was a used one, as when I opened it there was a spinning circle and half of the wall paper showing before it became full screen.2. I couldn't find the feature to have it come to the main screen when I closed it after I used the calculator.3. There was a small delay when I wanted to get into the address book and other features.I believe there was something wrong with the phone as it wasn't new as listed from Orient Trade.  I really should rate this item not five stars but 3 1/2 stars, It was definitely a used phone.  I am glad that I lost the phone.  I ordered another phone the same type as it is a red one,  Please read my review on that web page

I have an iPhone but wanted a simpler phone  This is a nice little phone but the &#34;tones&#34; option is very limited.  I just want a plain phone ring not music.  Since it is on a different account than my iPhone I have no data or texting associated with it so cannot get a plain phone ring tone.  I am disappointed and do not know where to turn to make it better.Lela

I choose nokia because I had one before and was very pleased. I like what all it has to offer. The only problem I have the battery doesn't last as long as I expect it to; has to be charge more. Other than that I am pleased.

Our home location has marginal cell phone coverage from all carriers. However, for 10 years I carried a Nokia for business as it was the only phone I tried that works in the home.When it finally broke I tried an Apple smart phone. It was not as good as the Nokia's reception, but it did work marginally in the home. I got the iphone wet and had to trash it.I replaced it with a Samsung Rugby 3 that I liked better than any other I tried. However,  it would not reliably pick up a signal in the home and calls would go to voice mail without ringing the phone.That is when I made the decision to go back to a brand that had the reputation for a good signal in marginal coverage areas. The Nokia 6350 shows 3-4 bars in the home whereas the others I tried had 1-2 bars in the same exact location.The phone does everything I need it to do for a fraction of the cost of a smart phone.The only downside is the back cover doesn't fit snugly and the cover will slide off accidentally and expose the battery. I will try to find a new cover or else put a strip of tape around around the edges. I don't figure there will be many times I need to get into the battery or sd card area.

Phone showed up early and was shipped as said on page.  But, I have never seen a phone with no instructions before.  Well this had NONE!!

I went on Amazon and selected the above phone. I wanted the same phone we were using. I love this phone as it is easy for me to understand and use and can't afford the cost of the packages required with the new phones...forcing to have online services I don't want...email, texting, take photos/send photos. It arrived on time and packaged properly. I had a couple of questions and the sender answered quickly and was very helpful and friendly. It even came with a SIM card ready to use with AT&T!

AND I HATE TO CHANGE TO ANOTHER TYPE.  HANDLES MY APPOINTMENTS AND CALENDAR EVENTS AS GOOD AS I HAVE FOUND AND THE EASE I LIKE.  SO WHY WOULD I USE ANOTHER PHONE?GOOD PHONE.

IT LASTED ABOUT A WEEK AND CAME WITH WRONG CHARGER.THE SCREEN WENT FUZZY AND COULDN'T SEE WHO WAS CALLING, SO I THREW IT IN THE GARBAGE

I call it a dumb phone because everyone has those high tech I phones that I don't need. This phone works perfect for what I need it for.

My husband needed a new Flip phone and this was exactly like the one he had. Works great has no issues, was shipped and arrived very fast

Some of us still need that works well as ... a phone. And for those people this Nokia is a great option. It does have a camera, music player, typical customization options - all in a convenient (and almost forgotten now) flip form factor. The phone is very easy to set up and use, and feels very solid, not like some other cheap plasticky phones. Most importantly - the sound quality and signal strength are great. So again, if you mainly need a convenient and reliable phone - buy this Nokia.

This was a replacement phone for my husband.  He had the same model previously and did not want to change.  It arrived on time and was exactly as described.

The phone was delivered quickly.  There were some small scratches, but all in all, a good, basic flip phone with big keys (my husband has big fingers and this feature came in handy).  Amazon.com is a good, trust-worthy place to shop.

I recieved it on time. I bought it because my current phone is on the verge of dying for good. But it hasn't died yet. I will give this more stars when I actually start using the phone.

The phone arrived promptly.  Basically for the kind of basic phone that it is, I love it.  A couple of small problems....speaker phoneloudest volume is not very loud and when navigating menu it first off goes to the web and turns it on quickly .  For that reason I have the web browser service turned off as before I would get charged each and every time regardless if I used it or not. You can call AT&T; and they will reimburse for the turn on's, but that is extra work.  If I had unlimited web on my service than it wouldn't be a worry.Otherwise phone is sturdy and easy to use and  works well for my needs.

Outdated, true but it's solid.Pro's. Good battery life. Seems to be good quality. Good volume. Good reception and clear sound.Cons. The push to talk button is a pain in the $%#. You will hit it more than a few times. A real pain having to tell it to cancel all the time. You have to back out every level of the menu structure. Can't just close the phone and return to the main level. Don't expectto get any satisfaction from the pictures. Very limited ring tone selection. It does have Bluetooth. You may be able to transfer a ringtone via bluetooth though I could not get a link established. Only tried for 10 or so minutes then gave up. Using Win8 so someone using Win7 or below may be able to do so.Sum. A good solid outdated basic phone. If you can get it cheap enough it's a good deal.

very nice phone, arrived quickly and in perfect condition. Great price too! We didn't qualify for an upgrade yet and this was the perfect solution to replace hubby's phone.

Of the flip phones I have used over the years, this one is one of my favorites. Love the ergonomic phone features and mini app/personal assistant features. Excellent battery life, and good looking design.

bought it as a gift for my dad, he's 78 and he just doesn't get along with touch screen phones.He's happy with it, so I'm also happy, good sale.The phone has some pretty impressive specifications for its characteristics.

I made a huge mistake and bought a phone not compatible with my cell phone carrier (I'm on a 'family and friends' plan) but I will make it a wonderful gift to someone in need. Really crushed I could not use it, so much nicer than the one that my friends sent me and does not fit my beautiful butterfly cover as this one does. First rate, would order from this vendor again. Lyric, international music journalist

Phone was in perfect condition, we just couldn't get the multimedia to work so we could send pictures with texts.  If the phone wasn't unlocked by the previous provider it locks out multimedia for the next person turning on the phone.  Didn't know this until I discontinued service with my Nokia, I was told to have my phone "unlocked" if I was changing providers.

This is a great little phone. I didn't want all the bells and whistles on a cell phone so this is perfect. The sound is excellent, always gets a good signal.

I purchased this as a replacement phone for my husband after he accidentally damaged his original phone.  He is satisfied with  a basic cell phone to make an receive calls and doesn't want nor need a smartphone. This is a very durable phone with excellent call quality, a decent camera, and an excellent value!  If you want to avoid the expense of a smartphone and data plans, this is the phone for you.

Received the item earlier than expected. Before purchasing I verified the condition & package accessories of the phone with theseller through Amazon and received very prompt reply adequately satisfying my quarries. This is an excellent Basic flip phonewith lot of features. Excellent reception I got 1 bar reception inside my apartment elevator, very clear sound quality. easy handling only pros is volume of ring sound is little low even with maximum volume.I would request Amazon to direct its affiliated sellers to put product description adequately so that buyers do not have to Google  search for product description. In my case by the time I was searching detail product description/ specification and trying to contact seller, the seller jack up the price from $59.00 to 64.00 still cheapest .

This phone may be a refurb, but definitely not a new phone.  Battery stopped taking charge on 3rd day.  Different battery did not solve, was the phone's charging circuitry.  Glad I bought through Amazon and was covered by their 30 day guarantee!

This inexpensive phone allows you to slip in a SIM card from any carrier you choose without worrying about locking in long term contracts, and it provides a megapixel camera, a walkie-talkie feature, web and email access, and a navigation system along with voice and text. Small and handy, it fits in a shirt pocket and gets the job done.

Phone exactly like the one it replaced. AT&T; helped set it up.Battery runs down after three days of &#34;idle time&#34;The battery lasts as long as my old phone's battery, which was 3 and 1/2 years old.Thereby making this new one virtually useless.I DON'T recommend it nor the seller.

This phone is very easy to use. We took it out of the box and no need to read a bunch of instructions. The phone, buttons, and menu are laid out with the user in mind.

I have a Samsung phone with excellent clarity and battery life but user-friendly, not so much.  Loved the look of this Nokia and the price was right so thought I'd give it a try.  Just inserted the sim card and was ready to go.  Alas, the Samsung outshines it a bit in terms of the clarity and battery life.  The Nokia is not much more user friendly than the Samsung but the buttons are a better size.  I would have liked more ringtone options but that wasn't a deal breaker.  Primarily I use a cell phone for making/receiving calls and have no real need for most of the extra features.  That being said, I did try the camera on a whim.  It was easy to use and with a couple of setting adjustments, provided some decent photos.  A quick download of the necessary (and free) software from a Nokia site, I was able to transfer them to my computer.  So not yet the cell phone of my dreams but still a "keeper".

This cell is so easy to use... Got my first from AT&T, it was red, and I loved it. After I wore it out I purchased a used one, red again, from Amazon. This new one was a good price, now i'll be set for a while.

I purchased the same phone 2-3 years ago and really liked it. But after having it for about 6 months I put it through the washer.So I waited until the replacement contract was up before purchasing another one. It is as good as I remember it.I like this device as a portable, thin telephone. I barely notice in my pocket unlike other smartphones I use for work. I do occasionally text (1-2/month) and it is easier on a keyboard style phone but I have an Apple iPhone and iPad when I need to do any serious typing of text.I use the bluetooth connection when driving and sound, volume and battery life are all good.This also works great as a music player and the camera is not bad.Overall, the battery life is great and the sound quality is as good as any other Nokia phone.

fast shipping and phone works fine, but had a couple of black things on the inside screen. But this does not hurt it.The battery that it came with would not charge and I had to replace it.But I won't hold that against the seller as it was a used phone and it does work fine.

The phone, charger, and battery were assembled in a shrink wrap package of components that all appeared new. The battery enclosed was not the original BP-6MT but a lower mAh BP-5M. Everything works fine with my old AT&T GoPhone's SIM card. Battery life is less with lower mAh. I was given the option of a return or a small refund. I took the refund as I had a spare BP-6MT.  Other than the lower life battery everything works fine.

My nephew's phone was having a problem, so I looked up a similar phone.  The item arrived quickly and my nephew moved his sim card to the new phone. However, when he went to use the phone he could not hear anyone without turning on the speakerphone. Very disappointed.

Bought for my ninety year old mom as replacement for old phone and she loves it. She can't handle smart phones and this was a very good opportunity for her to have a new phone.

My Mom's phone died and I bought this phone for her, she doesn't like the Smart Phones she just wants a simple phone to call in and out on and we all know how hard it is to find a flip phone now days, she is so happy with this phone.

this is my 3rd phone like this . Phone works great, just poor construction. Trim falls apart and back cracks easily. Phone is tough, otherwise, and none of them problems affect the workings of the phone. Gets great service. I love Nokia . I ordered a cover for it, hoped that would help with the problems. Too soon to tell.

I use it as a backup to my smartphone. Lightweight, compact, long battery life, and easy to use.  I enjoy Nokia reliability, and simple user interface.CONS: Not recommended for &#34;texting&#34;, or WEB surfing

this phone dont even work,it had heavy ware on it ,my question why sell a phone that dosent and i had to pay pastage to send it back.this the first 1 star i ever gave.thank you

This phone has a clean practical design which shows that a lot of attention was paid to its construction and operational details. I like the GSM functionality which includes the use of SIM card that provides the maximum in operational flexibility. The LCD displays are very bright and clear. It also should be noted that if the need arises, I can add up to 16GB of additional storage by the simple process of inserting a MicroSD card costing less than $20; this is a marked improvement over having to decide upfront what memory capacity is needed and then having to shell out hundreds of additonal dollars for permanently installed memory, which is the practice for at least one other major manufacturer of cellphones. Similarly, this same manufacturer requires that the replacement of the battery to be done by returing the phone to them and paying a significant amount for this time-consuming process; on the other hand, I can simply buy a new battery and install it easily in the cellphone. I have to admit that this is the first cellphone that I have purchased (although I have occasionally used my wife's flip-phone in the past.)  For the price, this unit fits my needs quiet nicely; it provides very good quality voice communications, as well as texting if I decide to use this feature. Additionally the built-in calculator, timers, camera, notes, and calendar provided are useful auxiliary features on the unit.  The fact that this is a moderately priced phone using prepaid time and no contract means that if I should decide I need a smartphone within the  next two years, I can obtain one without being hit with a cancellation fee for this flip-phone .

Batter in phone stopped working after two and a half months.  On the plus side, the seller did get back with me right away but couldn't do anything because the phone only carries a 30 day warranty.  It WAS less than 90 days old though.  In my opinion, this is not acceptable.

Saw it..needed it..bought it..I have the same phone now-5 years it's a diehard-needed a backup before they become obsolete-NO DATA PLANS...THX AMAZON!

Was not pleased with this purchase.  Phone was very poor quality. Also came with no instruction booklet or any paperwork at all.

I received my Nokia in a timely manner at a comparable price.  I was familiar with this phone, so, the transition was smoothly.  It is operating as it should.

Easy to use! Bought it for my mom who can not see very well and not up to date on technology. She loved the phone.

I had already owned a red one of these but the connection for the charger had worn out after 6 years of use. I ordered this gray phone as a replacement because I really liked the style and the product. This phone did not disappoint me! The phone was received quickly and in perfect condition. Nice product!

This phone was almost perfect for my dad. His only complaint was that it doesn't ring loud enough. Im not hard of hearing but i even say its not loud. none of the ringtones are loud at all, I tried downloading a ringtone for it from the computer but it says the file is too big so oh well. Other than the sound its good little phone.

The phone does not charge.  Although the charging port has been a chronic problem with this model Nokia phone, I expected a phone that worked properly.  A phone that does not charge or receive a direct plug-in connection is useless.
