
I was pretty reluctant to buy another phone from an individual after getting burned the last time, but I did it anyway.  I'm SO thankful this guy was honest!!!! The phone was actually better than described and works great!  That's all I cared about was that it worked.  My son is happy and not bugging me anymore and that's worth its weight in gold!  Thanks!

It was ok! I had to resale it because the battery life was only 6 hours. But the phone looked brand new but it was refurbished(used) and I thought it wasn't according to what the discribition said. And i talk to the person who sold it to me and they took forever to reply so I just sold it myself..but the phone wasn't my favorite item.

It is the same RAZR model that I had before but it has an updated operating system that I do not like.  For example every time it is turned on you have to unlock it which is a pain.  There may be a way to override that feature but I have not found it yet.  Then there are a lot of little things that I had to relearn, just little things on how to find things that are different.  So it was like getting a new type of phone, so there was a learning curve that I was not expecting, but now I am use to it and enjoying the android smart phone.

Very pleased with this purchase!  Phone was exactly as advertised...minor scratches on the case, but the screen and software are in as-new condition.  Battery is also in perfect condition - this was a big concern of mine since the battery in this phone cannot be easily replaced.  Phone actually works better than the same phone that it is replacing (I broke mine.)  Seller obviously wiped the phone and re-installed the &#34;factory&#34; software and settings.  Couldn't be more pleased!!

Started giving me trouble at the beginning of use, stopped working within days-weeks of use! Not worth buying, I wouldn't advice anyone to purchase this phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Very disappointed with this item. I've owned the same model phone previously and loved it.  This phone was purchased as a replacement. doesn't make or receive phone calls on a regular basis. Well be contacting seller to resolve...hopefully

The phone was supposed to be refurbished, when it came it said used.  I was also charged 156 for the phone and the invoice came and said it was $109.  Not happy with phone.  It freezes up and it comes on in forgeign language.

Earphone jack doesn't work and it randomly turns itself off. Phone is not in 100 percent working order.  Should have just had my other phone fixed.

The phone was very nice and works well. Wanted a RAZR Maxx but didn't want to pay another 120.00 for it.

Brand new condition, great phone with no issues so far!Can be flashed to a prepaid nerwork, and because this is a no contract phone it's easy!

after being told by Verizojn that 4g would work here, i find out that it is available, and have not been able to get activated. but shipping excellent and product in excellent shape.

The phone works by 10/0Battery not working permanently in addition to damage to the screen and there is no camera

this phone was better than advertised.  It had no scratches and works like brand new.  It came with everything in the description and delivered very fast.

I bough 3 of these over the years good phone but the screes are no longer in production so the price went up

This phone works as advertised and was a replacement for my wifes identicale phone. No problems. put old phones sim card in and the phone worked immediately.

I've never ordered a refurbished phone before and had some reservations at first.  I did not want to lose my unlimited plan and went ahead with the purchase.  I couldn't have been more happy with the phone!  It looked almost new. No scratches and has been working like advertised.  I'm not sure if all of the phones coming from them are like this, but I am very pleased with the phone I bought and will definitely buy from them again.

Shipping was very fast, the phone was new as advertized and works great. The one thing they could do is tell you that it does not come with a sim card and for Page Plus you have to buy separate.

I had been using a 3G Samsung Galaxy Fascinate and liked it except for the slow internet.  I love the 4G speed and features of this phone.  I have been waiting for a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 to be available thru Verizon; I am in no hurry now.

Item came with a note with all the description... Great Phone exactly as described! Thank you for the Sale! I'm so Happy!

Ever since I was in the market for a Smartphone, I was sold on the great quality and operation of Android. I was originally going to go with both an iPhone and and iPad when I proceeded to look at tablets as well. This phone is, in every sense, everything I was looking for. The customization, ease of navigation, Internet access and screen definition are all of the highest quality. The camera is absolutely beautiful and I can send pictures to my blog, Facebook and anywhere else instantly. The external storage option is excellent! The only drawback with buying something other than Apple is that new apps, etc. are delayed in their release. This is nothing more than an irritation which I can easily ignore, however, and since I bought this phone, I have not looked back.As always, if you're getting a device like this, please invest in an Otterbox or something similar. Smashed screens are notorious among my friends' and classmates' case-less gadgets and there's truly no reason for it. I've dropped this a few times and it's been saved.~ Bonus! For those who want/own this phone and like the novelty of cell phone straps as opposed to dust plug charms, getting a case like the Otterbox allows you to slip a strap on the rubber inner case by the earphone jack. The only problem is that the charm will need to be flipped out of the way a lot, but hey, I'm a sucker for those things.

I ordered a new Droid RAZR phone, I am very happy with my purchase. The phone came with it's original box, usb/wall charger and an SD card - which I appreciate the additional memory storage. I am very please with the order and delivery process as well, everything was smooth and I received my item way before my expected delivery date.

Was not in the condition stated.  can only hear calls when on speaker phone. Headphone jack had gunk in it and does not work.  Vibration works when it wants to.  All in all phone was in very bad condtion.

I got a great deal on the phone. To be honest I thought it was too good to be true. I recieved the phone in two days and the phone looked brand new. No scrathes, dings, or scuffs!

Unable to return it to the Seller and unable to claim it on my verizon insurance.The speaker doesn't work, every call has to be on speaker.Now the Wifi is not staying connected and the 4 g doesn't turn on.

I ordered this phone because my razr m had a cracked inner screen so I needed a phone fast. I ordered it with 2-4 day shipping on a Sunday and got it Wednesday afternoon. opened up the non original box and pulled the phone out, It looked really good no scratches or anything on it but the plastic screen guard looked like someone pulled it off another phone and put it on this one. but no big deal. activated it with no problem and Its working just fine. I would recommend this phone if your thinking about it but don't expect the original box or manuals.UPDATE: I had the phone for about two days in a case and the top right corner of the screen cracked in multiple spots, checked it later and had even more crack.(while putting tires away) not dropping or hitting it against anything real hard. then about a week later the lower right part of the screen cracked across the search button. would not recommend this phone, get one with GORILLA GLASS!!

My son is hard on phones, and this was a terrific value as a replacement. The seller did an outstanding job too.

I have this same exact phone and it has lasted me a long time....I know that it is 4g capable but no matter where I go my phone always is using 3G...I don't know if the sd card has anything to do with it but I haven't been connected with 4g for about a month now...it used to work fine

Look, I don't own this phone but I know someone who does. It was wonderful! It has a really cool background setting that is built into the phone. It moves the picture so that you can see the whole thing, and not just part. You don't have to crop any pictures! (unless needed). Recommend this phone to anyone! GREAT!

Came in perfect condition, works very well, easy to maintain battery life and overall it was well worth the price! :)

Finally got the phone and does not work. Womt activate or stay on for that matter. Keeps turning off and on. Its also not the droid razr. Its a cheap imitation, you can tell by looking at it. And you stull got to deal with the crap of returning stuff.

bought this for my son and he loves this phone!  came in great shape as well as promised. would get it again.

Fast with good reception. Incredible battery capacity lasts two days between charging. Size is just right fits in pocket with being uncomfortable

can i put a sim card in this phone, i am in Asia, will the phone work with other sim card?

The phone itself isn't bad.  I bought it as a back up after my iphone broke until I could get an upgrade. Not sure if the batter sucks because it's used, or not.  Either way, the battery only makes it through half the day before it's completely dead.  I was bummed to find out I couldn't easily replace the battery.

I got this phone and within three days the screen turned black and stopped working!!!! I hate it and now its useless and i have no phone! I loved it for the the three days i had it but now its useless i wish i had another on that didn't turn black and stop working on me...

I could go on and on!  This is by far the best phone I have ever used including many Samsungs, iphone, droid x, droid, htc, etc.  Very thin and light for the size but still one of the most durable phones made by any manufacturer.  Gorilla glass holds up great, kevlar backing is super strong and it's water "proof" as well.  I don't even use a case with this phone it's so tough.  Samsung(body) and Apple (screen) products generally fall apart with any abuse.  Good camera, fast, big bright HD screen and good battery life make this a winner!

Opened up the box and plugged my phone in.  Faceplate fell off the phone and it does not keep a charge.

The phone was everything I was hoping it would be. The only thing was they sent the wrongs SIMs card which was not a problem cause Verizon gave me a new card for free when I activated the phone. So in all I was very satisfied.

I've had three of these &#34;smart&#34; phones and they've all displayed the annoying habit of getting progressively worse with time.  Unresponsive screen, apps that don't run properly, quirky behaviors like starting up apps on its own, and slow responses to any commands are just a few of the problems I encountered while using this phone. Motorola's choice of having batteries that cannot be replaced ensures that in a few months this phone becomes a bona fide plug in device.  By the fifth month my Razr was running the battery down in less than one hour (and that's with all battery saver options engaged).  I was literally counting the minutes until my contract with Verizon would come up so I could upgrade.Oh one more thing, when I used the Verizon Wireless website calculator to figure out how much the phone was worth, it came up with an amount of $4.76 -- I could not agree more - that's about how much I would pay to get another one of these!

The phone was kool and all for a replacement but truthfully it started off giving a few issues. The second it came out the box it would not pair/ recognize the Sim card (new from Verizon) and it took all night to register. Not to mention it came out of this secondary Verizon box not the new (original) Motorola packaging without the right manual. Plus, I actually had to go and grab a Sim Card from Verizon because it doesnt come with it ($1-$2 card, couple hundred $$ phone) but that was not bad seeing as they'll give their Customers a free one. And then there was the bad charger that took a dump on me after a few nights, sorry would not recommend for anyone else to buy. Stick with in store, face to face purchases!!

First off to clarify, I did not purchase this phone from this seller, I purchased it directly from a verizon store. This has got to be the worst phone I have ever had! It is slow, the screen cracked for no apparent reason one night while I was asleep, and when I did drop it (after the screen had already cracked) the metal along the top popped up, and was extremely sharp! The battery has almost no time to it, I get a full day if I barely use it, and am extremely lucky. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!

I had one of these phones before.They are awsome! Watch movies off Netflix with a HDMI cable purchased seperately on my TV. Luckily I still have truely unlimited data with verizon. Pay cash for phones and never renew contract.

Horrific battery life marred my overall experience. Would have been an awesome phone...... If the battery didn't die in an hour.

The price was right, it works just like the MAXX did, but with a shorter battery life.  I spend my life near computers and wall sockets, so the battery life is not a major concern anymore.

The phone does not hold battery charge very long? The supplier did not send operating manuals. We use our Smart phones for work and relies on them very much. We did not receive ear buds. We did not receive sim cards and had to buy our own. The pictures in the ad showed all the accessories we did not receive.

Arrived sooner than expected, and was in nearly new condition. Great variety on options for colors, and with the savings I was able to buy a superb case and multiple screen protectors.

I love the sleek light weight design, I've sometimes forget the phone is in my pocket ! But this phone must constantly be charged if you plan on using it when you need it most.I loved the 4G LTE, I often used my phone for high speed internet tether I had blazing speed !The screen also has a nasty habit of locking up when its being charged. My phone crashed constantly in-spite of having a 32 gig sd memory card.I love the Motorola smart actions but smart actions that I tired to use to conserve power such as turning off the data when the screen is locked does not restore data when the screen is unlocked. Motorola was not helpful in resolving either of these problems.They recommended restoring to factory default. After several restorations and phone exchanges the same problems remained.I've given up on Motorola and will be trying the Samsung Galaxy S4 next.

In know the there are some negative review out there about this merchant, but my experience could not have been better. The package arrived on time and was well packed. Everything was in the box including all of the paperwork. There was no wear of any kind on the product and the phone is just awesome. I usually don't buy the latest and greatest so I don't have to pay the highest and most outrageous price for it. But this phone is by no means far behind the most sophisticated equipment out there. As far as performance, the battery lasts a day and a half from full charge to about 15% so I charge it at night and I'm good. All of the apps run smoothly including some that have received pretty bad reviews. (Just keep in mind an apps performance and the phones performance with the app are two totally different things.) I Have great reception and 4g lte. The WiFi is receiver is great too. There is only one place in my mom's house that I can't pick up her WiFi, but then again my sister in law's iPhone 4s can't get it there either so I'm not complaining. What more can I say, it comes with a pack of three scene protectors that don't have the annoying bubbles (provided you follow th instructions) and and a silicone case that improves gripping the phone. This is not my first smart phone and all of my family has smartphones ( iPhones Samsung galaxies etc.) I would not trade mine for any of theirs and it is far better than my old one. Oh, and all I had to do was take it to a Verizon store and ask them for an ESN change. They provided a SIM card made the change to my account. Did not have to pay one penny! I'm happy! :)

It came in perfect shape and with all the promised equipment. My husband has been very pleased and it works great!

I'm not hating on Droid RAZRs. They are actually pretty cool phones. But I would advise against getting second hand phones, especially ones that are as nice as this one. The previous owner must have sent it back for some reason. Now I am hesitant yet tempted to do so. But I do not want another buyer to go through the same horrors as me.The bottom line is that this phone has a terribly weak connection with its charger. And If I plug it in, it will maybe charge 10% of the time, whether it is off or on. Now you can imagine there is no more detrimental flaw than to have your phone refuse to charge or turn on for the better part of its usage. It cost me so much that I was actually foolish enough to depend on it to get me to my new awesome kayak tour job in San Diego. And the damn thing died during the night after I plugged it in at a 20% charge. I was not able to make it to the job on time in the most crucial of busy days and now I no longer have that awesome job.So in a nutshell, this phone has ruined my life and it can possibly ruin yours. My next step is to learn from it and stick it to Amazon somehow if I have a warranty or not because this is unacceptable. Not recommended if you wish to keep your job or stay in contact with anyone.sincerely,Loyal Amazon Customer

I ordered what I wanted and I got what I expected.  I am quite pleased.  And I got it very quickly.

Nice phone, the screen resolution very good but the battery runs out too quickly.also no sensitivity setting for the keyboard

navigation app was missing and it still had photos from previous owner and stuff from other folders ..volume doesnt work soemtimes

Worst phone I've ever had. Can't wait to get rid of it. Settings change inexplicably. Have had features disappear, reappear and then disappear again. Pictures taken by the camera are fair to poor. I'm normally fairly easy to please but I do not like this phone.

It met the purpose for what I needed it for. The phone worked well and I'm pretty happy with it until I'm ready to purchase a brand new one.

The phone is great, but the promised car charger was not included and the wall charger that was included doesn't work. The phone works great and at the price I paid; beggars can't be choosy. Been way too busy to followup with the company I purchased it from, so I can't put it on them. They were very responsive to ALL the questions I had prior to making the purchase.Luckily my chargers from my LG Vortex interfaced with the Motorola and saved the day. Overall, extremely pleased with the phone.

Goods and page description does not match the actual product model is ME810-Droid X.Introduction page XT912.Droid RAZR&#30340;4G LTENo ContractVerizon&#30340;&#25163;&#26426;False delivery, not the integrity of the business. Terrible, received a terrible phoneIt was terrible

this Motorola RAZR has given me everything I need in the Droid phone system. It's easy to use and has many useful apps I've been able to download.I really recommend Android phones

Great

I ordered a refurbished Droid RAZR XT912 from Cellular Direct. I was a little iffy because 1) the item was refurbished, & 2) it wasn't from a verizon store. I've had the phone for a while now, & I've got to say that I'm pleasantly surprised with it. Minus one little scuff on the back, (which was pointed out in the description) the phone looks like it just came out of the box. It's fully functional, & when turned on, it takes you right to the start up screen. I haven't had a single issue with it. The screen is nice & clear, & the camera takes wonderful photos, & doesn't lag, which was a problem that I had with the Droid RAZR M. (Which is at least 2 years newer...) The only downfall is that the battery life isn't the best... Bad, actually. But I ordered a Li-Ion battery, & now my phone is perfect. I highly recommend this phone, & Cellular direct to anyone wanting to get a new phone that's decently priced.

Decent phone, but after having a teenage daughter that have cracked three, I realized that each one I purchased, had horrible battery life.  With the way kids use them today with social networks, internet, and music, these batteries don't hold a charge for long. Other than that, phone worked well.

The phone works well for what it was designed to do.  My issue with with the software design.  My previous phone, DroidX, from 2010.  You hit a favorite contact, it dialed that contact.Droid Razr, you hit the favorite, then hit their phone number, then hit the call button.  OH, and contacts are no longer in the phone menu so you pretty much have to favorite everyone if you don't want to navigate all over your phone just to call someone.Droid X had volume levels for calls, music and apps.  DRoid razr, you can turn it down, but the ringer stays at full volume.There are other random issues, but this is not due to the phone hardware, just the software 'fashion' of the day.  In my opinion is just dumbed-down my smart phone usage.

This product is great. The price was very reasonable for everything it came with. I received everything that was listed and it was in excellent shape!

Good product

This phone is awesome!!!! Best phone I have had after 7 phone I been through with Verizon.I recommended this phone!!!!

the phone has many features, however there is always a delay with internet functions. the phone has to be restarted to regain function and then only fixes the problem temporarily. The phone is either a piece of junk or I purchased a broken phone. Be advised.

I was satisfied, phone looked good, I got it quickly. Phone hasn't giving me any problems. Good job! :-) :-)

This phone is legitimately the worst investment I have ever made. I cannot stand it. From freezing up for long periods of time, to taking longer than five minutes to open one app, this phone is a piece of garbage. I am personally never purchasing another Motorola phone ever again. Sometimes it even takes control and will push buttons (numbers, letters, call people) without me even touching the screen while other times it won't even respond to anything.

It really is an awful phone. I have one of the first versions, so I'm not completely sure with the newer versions but mine will die while charging. It will die while charging. What is the point of that? If you want a reliable phone I personally would not recommend this sorry excuse for an alleged form of communication. The battery life is disgusting. It's really the most disgusting thing ever. At the end of the day, if your phone dies after five hours of use, what is the *bleep*ing point of having a phone, hmmm? That's a great question for the makers of this device. Haha I realize I might be being a little bit dramatic, like the reception is pretty good for the most part and it sends messages blah blah, but when you're in trouble, which i have been, and need a phone, this will not be there for you. Please beware of that.UPDATE: i just plugged it in to charge THREE HOURS AGO.... i came back and it did not charge ONE BIT because apparently you have to hit the power button for it to even start charging. you can't just plug it up like a normal phone :):) of course it is a droid, it is very special. you have to hit THE POWER BUTTON. so..... also.... after waking up and it was 80% charged this morning... i used it for TWO HOURS.... and it died :):) after two hours :):) can you believe that??? i just thought that i should let you know. this phone is disgusting. it really is disgusting. the bad outweighs the good and i'm ashamed of the makers of it. i wonder if they're ashamed of themselves. it has its good characteristics but i don't think they would ever outweigh the bad. the battery life is crucial. goodbye.

I ordered two of these cases one for my daughter and one for my nephew they both loved the case

Decent replacement phone. Very thin. Performs well. Problem with charger provided not working well, not secure in port. I had to buy another charger and it seems to be working better now.

Overall the phone was exactly what I expected except that when I plugged in my ear phone connector, the music continued to play through the external speaker instead of the ear buds like my previous RAZR.  Sure miss using my ear buds....

is this phone brand new or used???? cos i wanna get one as soon as possible ... i want to upgrade

I DONT KNOW IF IT WAS ME OR THE DESCRIPTION BUT THIS PRODUCT WAS NO WHERE TO WHAT I EXPECTED!

I bought a Motorola Droid Razr from iSpinMobile.  It arrived quickly, and although it was a used product, it appeared to be in brand new condition.  I was very happy with this purchase.

I really like this phone works very well. It was a good buy. I would recommend this phone battery last 2 days easy.

The phone looked good, but unfortunately to our surprise the callers could not hear us. You can turn on the speaker but they can barely hear us. The phone texts fine. I looked into exchanging it but I had to write the seller, so they can approve a exchange or return. I NEVER HEARD FROM THEM!!! I WILL NEVER BUY FROM THAT SELLER AGAIN.!!!

I wanted to get a phone that was break proof and water proof and the works. Well I couldn't afford one of those phones so I bought this one. I've had spills on it, my daughter has thrown it and chewed on it, and still works perfectly. I've owned it almost a year which is almost the longest phone I've owned! I'm always breaking and replacing phones within 6 months ago that just goes to show this phone is that good! I've loved it!!! Even the touch screen has done well for me. I'm on it right now and makes it so easy to use. Its now my work phone and my personal phone.

We bought this phone to replace an LG that was starting to fail to charge.  This phone is a good and solid Android platform, without question.  Initially I was apprehensive about getting this phone from this vendor, but the positive reviews are spot on.  We got the phone we wanted from AppleWireless, in great condition, faster than I would have expected.  What's not to like.

Actually, the phone was in better condition than advertised.  It came with the Jelly Bean OS, and a new charging cable.  I bought the phone outright to avoid changing my phone plan, and my kid loves it.  I would highly recommend the phone (especially, for the price) and the seller, SoonerSoft.

I bought this phone in (brand new) condition and when i got it it was scratched up and the bottom right corner had a huge crack in it. i paid the 300$ for a new phone and got a used beat up phone.

I got this to replace one that I had broken.New phone works as expected.  Delivery was quick.  I continue to like it.

The Droid arrived very quickly, brand new, in the original box. It came with a standard wall/usb charger combo & a hands-free headset with gameboy-style earphones (which is great, I love that style of earbud and they can be hard to find).However, I received *none* of the extra accessories that are advertised with this listing, and am very disappointed about that.Amazon gave me a partial refund, but I'm still very annoyed that I did not get what was advertised. Sellers shouldn't be allowed to misrepresent their products. It's dishonest and unfair to the buyers.EDIT 10/23/13: After only 2 uses, the charger broke. One of the prongs randomly came off. The phone is activated with my carrier and seems to work great so far (I hope it stays that way!) Amazon explained that it's not possible to make the seller send the accessories that were advertised, nor is it possible to do an even exchange for a new charger. I'm extremely disappointed in this seller & will never buy from them again.

I have never had a company work as this one did to fix  a major problem in miscommunications in the, and the amazon web people.The fixed the problem quickly, and I even talked to the owners of the company to get things resolved As of right now I would do business with them again as it stands.....

When I got the phone it was great but now that I have had it the speaker is busted the battery doesn't last long that app store keeps closing out but other than that everything is fine with the phone

The phone is pretty, has a great camera and good screen and was relatively fast with Ice Cream Sandwich. Then I updated it to Jelly Bean and I fully regret it. The phone is a pain to use, slower than many lower end smartphones out there, to the point where it becomes useless. Also the 3,5 mm jack stopped working after a couple of months.Even then, I consider this to be an acceptable phone, recommendable for the right price.

It takes for ever to load any program, battery dies quickly, I tell my wife at least 2-3 times a day how much I hate it.  I think I may crossover to Iphone when my contract comes up.

Good phone. Came without a Sim card so I had to buy one. Phone was used so there were clear signs of wear & tear. Usb cable that came with it is very worn and doesn't work when plugging in to a computer. Had to buy another one. oh well...

Had to send it back because it didn't come with sim card and would not work with my prepaid plan.

The phone is not bad but since I got a used model I can't complain too much or blame the seller. The battery doesn't last that long little less than a day at most. That is with either average use or below average use. It has turned off on me a few times unexpectedly while I was using it and the operating system (4.1.2 Jelly Bean) on my phone at least, hangs up and lags from time to time (even after a few factory resets). This can be a effect of it's age and I do not know how the previous owner treated it. The camera is alright but it does not have HDR mode. Overall it is okay if you need a phone and know you will have the ability to charge it daily.

plugged in my old Verizon sim card from last phone and it worked in minutes.this phone has an excellent screen resolution / appearance.shipped fastcondition appears perfect.

I cant talk in private because i can only hear someone on the phone while its on speaker i would like one that dosent have problem

Good phone great price but battery life is the worst ever I have to charge it about 10 times a day

Because I have to return this phone but they made my return very easy and they also found the right phone for me

I recently broke my iphone 4 and had to find a affordable replacement and this phone is better than my old phone! Love it.

Battery sucks.  Search the internet and you will find most argee.The 'solution' to the battery problem of a battery injector piece MOTOROLA provides, makes the phone an A+.BUT.... you have to pay the $40-$70 for the charger.Summary:  If you get a good deal on the phone used, (Saving more than $40-70), get it and plan on getting the external charger; you'll need it.

I bought a used Droid Razr and the product I received far exceeded my expectations. Not a scratch, dent, or  ding and the phone fired up immediately. I was making calls within 5&#34; of receiving the phone.Thanks Guys!

Same issues as every other droid I've owned. Pretty to look at w nice screen resolution. Wish it was as dependable as my iPhone.

This phone was purchased to replace my Samsung Stratosphere which after 14 months I had been through the original new phone and four refurb phones.The RAZR is great phone. I finally get to experience what a smart phone is supposed to be like!Battery life is okay - but nothing to write home about. Keep a spare charger handy if you plan to surf, text or talk a lot.I also wish the charging port was on the side or bottom of the phone versus the top. I understand why it's situated there (thickest part of the phone with the camera), but is awkward to try and talk or text while the phone is charging.I'm well satisfied with the phone and look forward to it having a long life - to the point of avoiding upgrading when I'm eligible April 2014.

Now the Phone is great condition, almost mint condition for a used phone; however, THE PHONE IS NO GOOD WITHOUT A SIM CARD!

This is just a really crappy phone. My screen messed up within a week and my battery does not hold a charge.

Great android phone.Better one would be Razr MAXX. Exactly the same but with bigger battery that would last for days.Razr MAXX cost about the same so dont waste your money unless you have no problem charging your phone every day

No one can hear me on this phone and I have problems hearing others.  My son, the phone guru, has done everything he knows how to improve this problem. He thinks it is a bad phone. I did not receive a shipping bill with it and have no idea how to return it. I also ordered one for my husband and he hates his also.

I was very excited about the phone, I liked everything about the phone itself. If you are not planning on getting a contract with a carrier this phone is not for you. It cannot be activated on any prepaid plans, because it is a 4g phone, and it not compatible with any prepaid including Page Plus. Only with a credit check or contract.

excelentehasta ahora a cumplido con mis requisitos como tambi&eacute;n con los de mis amigos que lo elogian.excellentso far met my requirements as those of my friends who praise him.

I am extremely pleased with the customer service.  The item itself, we had to send back the first one because it was defective.  However, the seller more than made up for it in immediately sending out a replacement that worked perfectly.  I highly recommend the seller, and the Motorola RAZR XT912 is quite a nice phone.

Cant wait till I can upgrade to Apple, This phone is the pits, Hard to touch, wont hear voice commands , terrible

Very happy with product, service and price.  Couldn't have been better! Thanks for the new phone I love it and won't go swimming with this one.

Battery works great, no hardware issues, and all at a very reasonable price. I will definitely use K&K Realty again for future electronic devices. Give the 4.5 out of 5

Not pleased with product nothing to do with the seller motorola product very bad can't hear  the caller most of the time they are talking this sucks

I ordered this phone after cracking my screen on a Samsung Galaxy III.  I really liked my Samsung but since I didn't have insurance on the phone, I needed a replacement.  The Motorola Droid didn't work with the universal headphones and unless I am on a speaker phone, the person on the other end has a hard time hearing me.  The internet works great and the 3G and 4G connection is fine.  The camera quality is not as great as the Samsung...its kind of grainy even with the flash.  I don't want to have to use a speaker in order to have a private conversation with others which is why I rate it as 3 stars.

This review isn't against the seller but it's against the phone itself. I've owned dozens and dozens of cell phones since they've come out and this Droid Razr is the worst phone I've had. Let me list my complaints:1) The phone gets extremely hot, not warm, hot when in use. Not just when it's charging, but even during general use.2) The data reception sucks big time, and it has nothing to do with where I'm using the phone. My last phone, Droid Bionic got much  better reception in the exact same location.3) The ringtone will change on it's own and both Motorola and Verizon have no idea why it does that and they didn't know it was a problem even though when you do a Google search, this problem pops up all over the internet.4) Phone freezes constantly or is very very slow either opening apps or browsing the internet. Didn't have this problem with the Bionic.

My husband broke the face on his phone and we are under contract. Needed a replacement quickly..you had exactly what we wanted and it was exactly as Advertised! Will shop here again.

Ordered this phone for my daughter and she loves it.  Easy to use, very nice phone.  I might get one for me too in the near future!

This was exactly what I needed to replace a phone that went dead, and it was also a great price and arrived promptly.

BATTERY NEVER HELD CHARGE. SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THIS WAS A KNOCK OFF OF THE REAL THING. RETURNED PHONE PER THE INSTRUCTIONS, NOTHING IN RETURN. SAVE YOUR MONEY THIS IS A RIPOFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND NOTHING FROM AMAZON

This is the worst phone I ever had.  The screen which is supposedly "gorilla glass" smashed within a month of me owning the phone from falling from a desk onto carpetted floor.  Not durable at all!  It is slow.  There are tons of lags.  It freezes randomly.  The volume randomly turns all the way down.  It randomly changes ringtones, notifications, and alarm tones.  Battery life is TERRIBLE.  I have to carry a charger with me wherever I go.  No lie, I can go from a full battery to dead a couple times a day.  I would not recommend this phone to anyone.  I probably won't buy another Motorola, either, just because of the experience I had with this phone.Edited to add:  The camera is also bad.

Suppose to have been in excellent condition which to me it was unpected by Cellual direct and the privacy speaker didn't work from the get go and then it developed a crack in the led screen under gorilla glass screen 3 day before the 30 was over and I had to pay the another $50  for them to replace the phone it was OK I guess .

Wife loves it, fast OS, fast internet, full day of battery life even streaming music and video for hours. what more do you need.

Because a phone I had recently bought was faulty so I wasn't sure how this would turn out, I received the phone sealed in box with everything needed and I was able to swap my sim card right over and within 1 minute it was up and running. I love this phone I would recommend this seller to anyone in fact we recently bought another phone from them. Thank you for great products.

I purchased the Droid RAZR because I saw good reviews and have been very happy with my previous Droid phone. However, I have been very unhappy with this phone for numerous reasons. I bought the phone and had it activated at my local Verizon store. I noticed that the phone showed it only in 3G mode even though it is a 4G phone. I brought it back to Verizon and added the upgrades and tried every way to get it into 4G mode. It never did no matter where I went, and I live in a major metro area and everyone at the Verizon store got a 4G signal on their phones. The company I got the phone from offered to replace the phone at no charge, which I did. The new RAZR did go into 4G mode but only about 5% of the time I was on it. People complained all the time that the could not hear me on the phone or that I sounded muffled. The phone would regularly lose my data connection and people would not get e-mails I sent off the phone. The company I bought the phone from have been very nice and offered to diagnose the phone or send yet a third phone. I am concerned about getting another RAZR and will probably try an LG product next. Unfortunately, the RAZR has been a major disappointment!

I've resisted the urge to vent, but with every day that passes I fume more and more about the performance of this phone.In the beginning, our relationship was good.  I pressed buttons, it responded.  People called me and my phone rang accordingly.  It was a golden time.  A time that I shouldn't have taken for granted.  But I'm human, and so I did.It is a darker age now....God, how I miss the phone I once knew.It started out innocently enough.  Small lag times.  You know what I'm talking about.  I'd turn the screen off and the sound effect would follow a second or two later.  Then three.  Then ten.  Soon enough I'd have the phone back in my pocket and be halfway out the door before I heard the muffled click.  Things continued to get worse.Apps that had always worked began hanging and crashing.  Sometimes the phone would ring, while sometimes I just received a notification that someone had left a message because they couldn't reach me.  Response times to everything grew longer and longer.  It became customary to click on an icon and then find something else to do while the phone tried coming to grips with this request.  Sometimes it just couldn't do it.It tried committing suicide two weeks prior.  It jumped off my nightstand, but only managed to crack its screen.  Now my phone is ugly AND unresponsive.Every day that goes by in which I don't hurl the phone across the room is a victory.  Or is it?  I just don't know anymore.

Well, the phone works as it should and is fully functional. But, it is definitely not new as I discovered when I removed the battery to replace it with the eb40 version that was in my razr maxx. Basically an extended battery for the razr. I discovered hair and some white pieces of &#34;tape?&#34; and dirt stuck to the &#34;original&#34; battery's tape in the razr that I recieved. Although I really don't mind, I still don't like being mislead since the description said &#34;New&#34;, I would have been fine with &#34;Factory Refurbished&#34; or &#34;Refurbished&#34;. Not sure if this unique to the unit I received, but, hey. Be warned.Like I said though, it is fully functional, works fine and I havent had a problem with it yet.

I recieved this phone brand new took it out of the box it came in, it has a huge scratch down the screen and did not come with a charger or anything.

RATING = ZERO STARS! (I am unable to select zero stars.) The phone was advertised with all the accessories pictured but they were not included when I received my order.  I contacted Amazon and they apologized to me and put me in contact with this merchant (BuyCellular.) I emailed BuyCellular a screen shot of the advertised item which included accessories such as a car charger, a car dock, blue tooth, instruction manuals etc. They have still refused to ship the accessories and said: "although the picture shows a few of the items accessorize it is a picture for all the sellers on amazon for this item. we are sorry  for the discrepancies but please point out on the screen shot where we state all the accessories come with it," (This was pasted from the email I received from BuyCellular!) My advice? Do NOT buy anything from this merchant! I am disappointed that Amazon would continue to do business with such a deceptive merchant who does not fulfill their advertising promises! Here is a link to the product;B007LA4QRAThey are not noted to be optional accessories! (unless they change their page, anyone can see the product offered!)

This phone is in perfect shape.The blemish you talked about on the outside corner was so small, I had to borrow my wifes glasses to see it.I have 20/20 vision. You must look at these under a big magnifying glass.Thank you, it was more than I expected.

I broke my original RAZR and needed a phone fast. I found this one for around $250 and couldn't be happier. I ordered it on a Friday and had it in my hands by Monday, regular shipping!!! I hastily bought it without knowing it was a purple phone but I dont care since I already had a cover for my original one.

This phone had many issues - the battery did not hold a charge.  When I plugged it into the charger, it normally took 8 hrs to charge up and then only held the charge for a hour or two.  It took a week and two different SIM cards to get the Internet to work, and then it would frequently go off the internet connection.  Although it was a 4G phone, I never got past 3G, no matter what area I was using it in.

I have had two of these phones.  If you like good quality equipment than STAY AWAY from the Motorola Droid RAZR!!!!  The same things went wrong with both phones.  The headphone jack will quit working after a short time after you plug and unplug cables into it.  This hardware does not modulated frequency very well at all, think very hard about what I am telling you.  You can be sitting in one place and watch this thing switch spontaneously from 3G to 4G, randomly connect and disconnect from the network, randomly connect to wi-fi.  You can turn off the wi-fi and 5 minutes later it will just turn back on again.  There is no controlling it.  This happened with two different phones. You always will break a lot of chargers.  The usb plug, for some reason, is on the top of the handset.  There is no comfortable way to hold it to your head while it is plugged to a charger.  These all sound like minor details, but unless you are getting this for free (like I was) than just look for other options.  PLEASE LOOK FOR OTHER OPTIONS, save yourself.

Started locking up...  The only way to get it back was a hard reset by holding down the Power button.Battery life also doesn't even last half a day now...  Tried stopping all unneeded processes and even at night when it's not doing anything the battery drains about 50%.

Obviously a returned or refurbished phone. Locks up constantly. I replaced the same model phone with this one and now have more problems than before. Wouldn't trust the claim that the phones are new.

I would recommend this cell phone it is very fast because it's 4g it really does make a difference from 3G to 4G. the web surfing and dowloanding is like 15 times faster that the old 3G motorola droid cell phone.  So i would defenitely recommend this phone to whoever wants a fast phone.  And the customer service was great also.

A few days ago, I received the Motorola Droid RAZR 4G LTE I recently ordered on Amazon. I'm giving this product 5 stars because not only did it arrive in three days, but it was well packaged, included all accessories advertised, and was even fully charged! My new RAZR is the most high-tech electronic item I own, and it's capabilities are seemingly endless. With its apps, options, details, and design, it trumps the iPhone and makes every previous phone I've owned nothing more than a junk drawer relic. Note: Don't forget to include a SIM card and screen protectors with your RAZR order.

The shipper was great but the phone, no fault of his is not that great. Unless you live in a strong area near a pole, this phone can not even pick up the 3G signal. I have had 4G that worked fine, but this one is weak. Staying with my IPhone.

The battery life isn't the best, but that is my only issue. The web speed is superfast. The camera, music player, and video are excellent, and the phone quality is good. Some say they can't always hear me, but I'm not sure the phone is the reason or just their phones suck. lol I love this so much I will keep it till it no longer works.

The phone has dark spots in the screen when yge brightness is all the way down and the battery will not hold its charge so it is forcing me to get a battery case for my phone, other than that I like the phone I like the 4g lte capability because it is a lot faster than mg old phone and the interface is pretty well other than the fact that the phone doesn't hold its charge its a pretty good phone. Would I reccomend  this phone to somebody? Yes but not a used phone like the seller offers

Neededa replacement quick like. I work nights, and placed this order at around 2am, received text around 9am saying it has shipped. Very impressed, not easy to do. Received a day early. Was very pleased. Phone was as described. Would do business with them again!

If you enjoy getting messages like &#34;Facebook isn't responding&#34;, &#34;Yahoo isn't responding&#34;, &#34;Homepage isn't responding&#34; (Yes, the homepage!) etc, then this is the phone for you.  The battery wears down after just a few hours.  My phone is constantly charging.  It did work great when I first got it over a year ago.  I'm sorry, but these phones should not wear down as quickly as they do.  I am not constantly on my phone, either, so it isn't like I have overused this phone.  Steer clear of this phone and get something else!

I'm very satisfied, the item arrived more quickly than was scheduled, the cellphone was as described &#34;Brand New&#34; ready to use, I've been a few weeks using it and works perfectly well.

Phone was listed as a Razr Maax but I received a Razr.  I Purchased this phone for the battery life, but now I'm back to the same as my old Bionic.

I would highly recommend this phone.  It has more features than I actually use, but I purchased it because my phone is crucial for my business and the battery remains charged for a long time.

I was leary about buying this phone initially; however, it turned out be a good purchase. It works well, I have not had any issues thus far with this phone. After three purchases of the same phone, I hope this is my last purchase. Overall, the phone is in good repair.

I havent had any problems yet with this product. The description was accurate of what I would be getting. It looks great and works well.

came with a cracked face, but that saved me 40$ and does not affect performance. of course it is too smart for me.....

The phone is great fast shipping i got this for my bday and i love the droid razr everything is great im a happy girl thank u amazon and appelwriless best phone ever :) :) :)

the description said minor scratches on the screen, it lied, it had no scratched, its pretty much new, i am very satisfied, also the shipping was quick to. Thank you!

Don't get this phone! This phone is made of really cheap plastic and can't withstand any normal wear. I got this phone less than a month ago and noticed the paint coming off the day after I got it. Yesterday I went to put the phone in my pocket and the corner of the phone just fell off.  The plastic just broke off exposing the insides of the phone. This shouldn't happen!! How am I supposed to use this phone for more than a year if it can't withstand a couple weeks of normal use?  Not to mention the battery life is awful. I charge it every night and it still dies on me before I get home from work.

I got this and the screen is instantly cracked it falls about 1foot to a cushioned floor and its shattered, that is a big deal isnt gorilla glass supposed to be amazing? Guess not, the workings of the phone are great though after a few months it just does thing on its on and at times moves rediculously slow, it even shuts down on its own every once in a blue moon

My XT912 works flawlessly, I had rooted it and flashed it to work on Page Plus Cellular, and is now running Android Jelly Bean 4.1.2. My only regret is that it does not have a FM radio like my old HTC Incredible which was also rooted.
