
This is a decent phone except for one MAJOR flaw: its battery life is horrible. Even after getting rid of all of my widgets and turning off wifi, bluetooth, and location services, this still has less than a two hour battery life. If you're a very light user, this is highly recommended, but otherwise, steer clear

perfect! The only thing I can complain about is that scratch on the screen. Its not as small as he made it sound. Overall its a great phone and I promise you won't be disappointed! It stands right up with brand new phones!

Phone is brand new, as advertised, and works great. The pure android experience is what really makes this a sweet deal.

One of the phones was perfect, that's why it's getting two star review. The other phone well, it turned on and as soon as I started charging it just stopped working.

Theres not much detail to put into the phone operating system wise. It comes with the original vanilla operating system of android, which i might say is a plus compared to bloated skinned os version. You get what you paid for. This beautiful crafted phone. Even tho it is not unlocked verizons 4g lte speeds make up for alot of the hassle, thats if you do not mind not swapping out a sim card here and there. Besides the few verizon apps on the phone its a great 4.7 inch screen phone which has a 720p display that does not hurt the eyes. Google might have stopped updating it yet if you are into the xda forums and rooting, you can have this phone on kit kat 4.4 in a hitch. The dual core processor keeps the phone running smoothly.

I ordered this as a replacement for a lost phone and waited to review it for the 30 days of the warranty.workig still and have no problems with it, fast shipping and good communicatorthank you

Upgrading from my Thunderbolt this phone is a dream come true.  It's fast and you can get it used, off contract and in excellent condition for ~$200, what's not to love.

The screen is bright and easy to read, the phone is easy to use and fits easily in your pocket.  One of the best Samsung phones prior to the S4 release.If you want a no-contract Verizon phone, this s a good choice.  It functions and responds like a newly released device.

Older phone but runs like new! I love the pure android experience. I don't feel like I need to install a custom ROM to get decent performance out of this phone.

So far this phone has done great. I have had it for several months without any complaints.  The battery life is pretty good, and signal strength is good. Will update review at a later date.

The phone i recieved did not work, I took it to the Verizon store and got a new SIM card, after it still did not work they sent me a new phone right away which i really appreciated.  The replacement phone had the exact same problem however.  It seems like this seller has a bad batch of Nexus phones. They claim that it is my SIM card which does not make sense because the same sim card works in my old phone and three SIM cards from Verizon never worked.  Save yourself some time and money and just buy a phone from Verizon or better yet switch to T-Mobile

I got the phone very quickly.  It was exactly as described.  We put it on our plan with no problems.  Thank you so much.

I had to get this phone as a quick replacement for my droid razr maxx.  i got it because it had the closest specs to my droid for the limited budget i was on.  In my opinion it is nothing in comparison to the droid.  It feels flimsy and cheap., like i could break it between my fingers.  thats a large negative for me because i am not always very gentle with my phones.  Another neusance about it is that mine ccame with a broken battery cover (seller's fault, not samsung)  The keyboards on the screen are too tiny and the battery life is nowhere near the droids.  Another huge downside is that there's no memory expansion slot.  then on the phone itself theres that google search bar on the top of my home sreen i just cant get rid of! overall i guess if your on a tight budget like me this will get the job done...but i probably wont be buying a samsung phone again

I bought one of these phones last year to keep my verizon unlimited data.  There are newer phones, and there are better phones.  The radios on this thing aren't the best, but I keep my unlimited data and 99% of the time it's just a nice, smooth phone with a great screen and adequate internals.I run it with a Hyperion extended battery and a Seidio Convert case.  The hyperion WILL fit in the case if you scrape a little of the felt lining out.Keep in mind the reason that these phones are so readily available is that they shipped them new with a TINY battery and everyone returned or sold them.  With that battery you might not make it until lunch.  You HAVE to run the extended.Run it with:http://www.amazon.com/Hyperion-Extended-Compatible-SCH-i515-CAPABILITIES/dp/B007C8XRJY/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1398914910&sr;=8-1&keywords;=hyperion+galaxy+nexusYour phone is going to eat one of these batteries about every four months, but they get replaced for free by Hyperion's amazing customer service team.  The battery will get really hot and then stop holding charge.  Before then, it will give you all day power if you're using it smartly.http://www.amazon.com/Seidio-BD4-HKR4SSGNL-CONVERT-Holster-Samsung/dp/B006ZGB4FI/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid;=1398915075&sr;=8-6&keywords;=seidio+galaxy+nexusI was a little concerned about ordering a case from a company I'd never heard of, but this thing is a beast.  Otterbox quality.  Tough and excellent, and fits the extended battery like a glove.Finally, you want to run it with one of the Cyanogenmod 11 preview builds.  They're really stable, so don't worry about them not being totally done.  The thing that makes the 11 build so much more desirable than the 10.x buillds is that it's based on android 4.4 kitkat, which was designed to use RAM much better on phones that don't have a lot.Like this phone, which has less than 1GB.  New superphones have double or triple that.I was about to get rid of my nexus before 11 came out.  It was buttery smooth after I installed it.  READ UP on the process before you do it.  It's fairly simple but you could have a $200 paperweight if you rush in and don't do your research.So, there you are.  These components and setup will get you a beastly, hotrodded, modern phone for less than $300.  Good luck.

Great phone! I would have give it a 5 except it turns out to be one of the only android smartphones not compatible with &#34;family companion base&#34; on verizon. As I got this for my daughter I really wanted this app

Advertised as new, and that's DEFINITELY not the case.  Not only is it unlocked but there were some random pictures of a guy testing the camera and video.  I just deleted them and the phone works fine.  So as long as that doesn't bother you, and you want a simple Google phone, go for it!

Bad points:-Battery life is the worst part about the phone however with Juice Defender App I can make it through an entire low usage day.-Cellular signal reception is poor and contributes to poor battery life, note I mostly run it on 3G only unless I am in an area where the 4G signal is strong.-Only way to wake up the phone is using the main on button.-Cannot change the volume while phone is locked.-The camera takes decent pictures but does not deal with low light or too much light well.-The back, home, minimize buttons are on screen and cannot be used until the phone is unlocked.-Heavy screen use will drain the battery even in airplane mode.-Backing does not fit well and is very slippery without a case.-It does get warm when the processor and battery are being stressed from heavy use.-The vibration ring tones are not strong enough even if an external app is used.  For me this is very annoying since I tend to rely on this.Good Points:-Fast processor, easily runs multiple apps simultaneously.-Nice screen quality and its big, nearly the same size as the Galaxy s3.-The latest Android OS, even on Verizon I was one of the first to get 4.2.2-Plenty of storage for my needs.-Relatively slim so it fits in your pocket even though the screen is large.-Has flashing indicator for alerts, new messages.-Plays music, videos, streams without any problems.-The Wifi signal reception has no problems.Overall a bit disappointing but I have adjusted to the bad points enough that I will get plenty of use out of the phone.  Thankfully I am not locked into a contract since I bought it used and activated it with Verizon.  In my opinion this is the best way to test drive a device.  And the Amazon seller I bought from did a great job.

when I ordered this phone I had no idea it was cracked it said nothing about it in the description and in the photos it showed no sign of being cracked until it arrived at my house. It was quite a surprise. The device still works perfectly its a great phone I recommend buying one

The CDMA DONT WORK in my country and the seller don't say that in the description of the item, about the product I'm satisfied but the problem with the CDMA is a s***, because I can't activate my cell

I have had this phone for a while! I really love that it's sleek and light. The software itself is smooth and fast! It has an awesome camera. It hold a lot of storage and the battery is long lasting, I could go a whole day without charging my phone! I love everything about this phone, it's user friendly and does everything I need it to! Not to mention that Verizon is a great company and I always had great service from them and never had a dropped call!

Phone came with a battery that would not charge nor work and a crack above the speaker on the screen.  Replaced the battery since I had one from my previous phone.  then out of 6 charging chords, two worked but even those two would still have to have placed in the right place at the right time to get it to charge.Can not use the phone half the time already because of the lack of an ability to charge the thingYesterday the phone screen just started "glitching"  looked like something off poltergeist and then started to fade in and out, then saw lines across the screen, then went black. I can not get it to charge at all now and if I can get any kind of power at all the screen does the poltergeist thing again and goes black.I think even on these refurbished phones they should TEST if they work prior to sending out.

Bought this to replace my old Nexus that stopped powering up. It came without an antenna but luckily I had  my old phone for parts. Works fine otherwise. Sucks it doesnt have all the apps that came with it from Verizon.

There is some screen banding but im keeping it so were good. blah blah more words to add so I can save this AHH!

The Galaxy Nexus is still a great option for a cheap but good off-contract phone.  It's certainly not a new phone, and isn't the fastest thing out there, but unless you're part of the small minority that plays extensive 3D games on your android device, this phone will have plenty of power to run your applications.  32 GB's of storage is more than enough to store media, no expandable storage, but again not many people will use more than 32 Gigs, especially considering Google has a great music streaming app.  The phone is thin, and has a slightly curved glass screen.  Functionality of the curve is not existent, but it is neat to look at.  The battery is only 1850 mAh,  which will drain faster than you can count to 10, so expect to buy an extended battery, or at least a spare.  Battery life is, and has always been, this phone's undoing.  The other complaint people have about this phone is the slow update cycle.  While other Nexus devices are running Android 4.3, this one is running Android 4.2.2.  Not missing out on much, but expect to be sideloading a custom rom if you NEED the newest firmware, VZW takes forever to approve updates.OVERALL, this phone is a great phone, and is the only way to get a Stock Android experience on Verizon.  It's missing Google Wallet (Easy to get working with some changes to the build.prop file), doesn't update as quickly as other Nexuses on other carriers, and has pretty bad battery life with the stock battery, but these are the things that caused Verizon to stop selling this phone in the first place, and in turn, are why this phone is so cheap.  I've always seemed this phone as a compromise.  You sacrifice some of the things that really make the Nexus brand special (Updates and freedom), to instead be on the &#34;Nation's Most Reliable 4GLTE Network.&#34; It's not perfect, but it's the only phone I'll use. (Until the Moto X, of course.)

I have to be on verizon because of my job. So I was looking for a powerful phone for this network. I wanted stock android without the annoying extra software from both the network and the manufacturer, as these software usually runs on the background using your battery and RAM memory. That brings me to my last criteria, at least one gigabyte of memory.This phone fits the bill. I got an used one because my 2 year contract is in the middle of it, so I have to buy full retail price.  So far so good. I should say, this is the best android phone I have ever had. I want to upgrade, but I don't think any of the new phones both android and IOS have enough new tech to justified any of them at full retail price. So I will wait until June 2013 to get the contract discount and hopefully a way more advance phone.

This phone has its kinks, that's why it's so cheap compared to other 4g lte phones.  ie.  when im in a call using the dial pad is a pain in the you know.  You cannot press any of the numbers while in a call, so automated calls are next to impossible.  It's very retarded like that.  battery life is short have a few spares.  eh whatever it's a phone.

The phone was grate the first day i got it but after that it started messing up couldnt hear my phone calls unless on speaker phone and when i went to listen to music or youtube same thing i contacted the seller a couple times and they never even tried to fix it never received a response

First phone I\'ve got came in dirty warp on charger and film cover on the phone screen. Phone sounds was not working good.It was no doubt that phone was used or someone retruned so I had to have new replacement and 2nd phone they sent was also, not look brand new but box and shink wrap. Anyhow as long as it works, I wanted to use it but after set up email., incoming email is coming in but out going email does not go until I push sync button-- test several times but hopelss.I would never puschase phone from this vendor!! I am not sure where they get these phones unlimited and refurbished probably but saying Brand new phone!Real bad expirence for the first time with Amazon.com ever since I have been shop in Amazon.

It was in good shape like it was suppose to be .Everything  worked as far as the phone. very happy I got this.

didn't have to renew my contract, keep my unlimited data, and the phone is tremendous. Battery could be better, but update it to Jelly Bean and you'll fly.

This phone could be amazing if the battery life problem would be fixed. I read it's a software problem.. allegedly. I can't even make it through a day without the battery dying. The battery for me probably lasts maybe 8 hours, but that's not talking at all on the phone and using it moderately. And that's with closing out all other apps that I'm not using.I like the screen size, the cameras on both front facing and back are great, durable as well. I've dropped this phone a number of times without a case on hard as rock surfaces and the most that's come out of it is a few scratches around the edges. I like the look of the phone and never have any problems with lag or whatnot. The price was good too, I paid $180 for this phone in nearly mint condition last december.Things I don't like are.. well obviously the bad battery life. Which I plan to help fix this which i bought on amazon 2 extra batteries and a wall charger for them for only 16 bucks.. which is pretty good. I'm not a fan of the buttons, like back, home etc... for the phone being on the screen, just takes up screen space.Now, I did buy this phone as a replacement for the s3 I bought (which I accidentally smashed and didn't get insurance). Comparatively, I did like the s3 more. The screen is really vibrant on the s3 which just makes for a really aesthetically pleasing experience. screen is a little bigger, phones a little thinner, and the battery on the s3 is actually pretty good for a smartphone.

my husband lost his phone, this phone, and I got him another phone but he hated it.. so went to find the same phone he had, and found this one for a great price.. it got her faster then said, was in awesome shape, and didn't cause me to lose my wallet.. thank you so much!

This isn't supposed to be Samsung's latest and greatest. It's a cheaper version of their Galaxy S 3 but this phone is still far better than the iphone. It has a smooth interface, good audio quality, google voice which is a much better version of Siri, good webcam and lots of storage room. Love it!

Good price for a quality product. I would order again. Wife loves her new phone and the price was so much better used than new

So far so good, working great as of a weeks use. I'm loving this phone, perfect way to keep my old plan with unlimited data on Verizon by purchasing outright, instead of breaking my old plan from buying a new phone.

I love this phone. It runs Jellybean (4.2.2). I never used to be one of those people who was constantly checking their phone--until I got this one. It's quick, smooth and responsive. It never lags and it does everything I want it to do and then some. The camera is great, too.

I love it.  Will be ordering an extended battery, but other than that, it's a wonderfull phone that is light and powerful.  Seems to run everything I need.

I brought this due to I wanted to keep my Verizon Unlimited Data plan...I went with the nexus due to the phone will receive updates from Google directly. Great phone sturdy and screen is great, the touch screen response is excellent for me the best part was the ability to unlock the phone so that I can install any kind of ROM in wanted to in the future. Over all for me it&#8217;s a great phone, esp. this being my third Android phone, Original Droid, Droid Razr and now Galaxy Nexus.I would also recommend to get the OtterBox Commuter case for it to protect it from falls.

Love Love Love.... Switched from a BlackBerry & so glad I did its absolutely fabulous. So much better than the Blackberry!!!!!

I broke my original nexus and didn't buy the insurance...this was a life saver thank you! Exactly what I needed

the LTE connection from VZ is awesome, the phone got better with JB 4.1. otherwise i'm not a big fan of samsung, this is back up to my iphone

I love this phone. It is a huge step above the droid 2 I was using. Huge step. The phone is fast, beautiful and runs android jelly bean.In simple I like:- The screen is bright, clear and a good size.- The phone is big, but not overly large. Fits in my jeans nicely- The phone has almost all the bells and whistles - NFC, 4g, Nexus tag (up to date software), bluetooth ect...- Fast. this thing runs everything I want quickly, smoothly and without problemsI don't like:- Outdated - this is no gs3, nexus 4 or note2- I have had battery problems (see below)- Battery could be better, I need to charge during work most days.Now to my battery problems. I have had to replace the phone and the battery on two occasions because the battery decided to no longer charge. The first time the phone wouldn't realize I had unplugged it and I was forced to pull the battery to reset this issue. If I did not pull the battery it would die very fast. The second time the battery would not charge. Both times I was able to get replacements hassle free. My new setup has worked for several months without issue.In all I love this phone. It does everything. But like I said it is no longer a cutting edge device, but it is still a top tier piece of hardware.

The antenna's on this phone are flawed.  It constantly switches from LTE to 3G even in Manhattan that has the most robust LTE network in the country.  About 40% of the time there is NO network signal at all,  All the other features are useless if you can't make a phone call or a text message.  Often MMS messages will not go through at all, even on wifi.  Maybe I got a lemon, I bought the device on Amazon for $279 because my Note 2 got stolen and I needed something to hold me over until the HTC One Max hits the market.  I don't know if maybe the one's listed on amazon are defective, but it did come in a sealed OEM box.  I know its tough to find a phone for 250 that is almost current these days, but the basic functionality of this phone is flawed.  Be warned.

I am looking for a phone to replace the one I have that is messed up. Interested in this phone but there is no description? No explanation of the "no contract" ????Would be nice to have detailed info.

This is an outstanding phone, and it's even better rocking CyanogenMod 10.1 Jelly Bean with Google Apps 4.2. This phone is super fast. The phone's only big con is that of all Android devices: battery life. Still, with Jelly Bean, it's getting me through most of the day, and with an extra battery, it's an easy swap to keep going.Note: The other reviewer has never used the phone. He gave the phone a poor rating because he didn't understand what "unlocked" meant. That review needs to be deleted.

This kind of phone is the one that gives you, its owner, the most control over the device you bought that you can get from a device shackled to Verizon's proprietary (if coverful) cell network. It runs CyanogenMod 10 quite nicely, or so my friend said. It doesn't keep trying to give you pro-tips like the Galaxy S III (&#34;If you perform a triple salchow while drawing a circle on the screen, the phone will make you a glass of iced tea. Enable this gesture?&#34;), it just does its job, and well.I will say that it takes about a half second to take a picture, to the S III's ~0.2 sec. But I'll trade that for the chance of maybe running WebOS. (WebOS is not officially ported to this phone; the Verizon Galaxy Nexus is not quite the same as the GSM version. But who knows what may happen?)

Item came in original packaging brand new and I had no issues whatsoever activating it w/ my Verizon Wireless service -- very satisfied.

After my poor Droid Bionic finally bit the dust, we were in a fix.  I needed a phone, but we didn't want to re-up our contract just yet, as we are thinking about making the jump to Page Plus to save money.  Verizon was worthless about telling me what my options were, so I did some research and decided to take a leap of faith and purchase my first used cellphone from a third party.  Oakland Wireless did not disappoint.  The item shipped quickly, arrived neatly packaged as described, and everything works great!! I am totally back in business.  And thanks to Google, I didn't lose any information.  I knew my contacts would transfer, but it was a pleasant surprise when my old apps from the other phone were restored -- the Nexus started downloading everything automatically as soon as I signed in.  The Nexus is a great phone.  You can find plenty of reviews elsewhere.  For me, it's very speedy, the display is great, and the camera is quick.  I am so happy to have my little pocket computer back in action.

Don't buy from Ross Cellular, they apparently do not sell real new phones. When I bought this item off amazon, it stated new phone.  However, Samsung is not honoring their warranty.  Now i have a brick after 10 months that is not covered under any warranty.

So far this phone is better than I hoped for two hundred smackers. I'm one modernized poor boy. It's two years old, but honestly if you're looking here for a phone you don't care, right? Wanna save money and run all the apps you need? I'd highly recommend this little bad boy. I haven't found a game that slows it down. So I'm thinking to myself &#34;what are all these idiots paying $700 for&#34;? I'm gonna take my $400 profit over to Occulus Rift. Winning.

I really love this phone!!  it is great.  the only problems - it came with scratches on the face of the phone!!!  it was suppose to be new but the scratches were there when I opened the box!!  also it has to be charged at least two times a day!!SCRATCHES SUCK!!!

This is, and has been for more than a year, one of the finest phones on Verizon Wireless in my opinion. I really prefer the open nature and usability of pure AOSP Android OS with full Google Services and that's what Nexus devices are known for. The Verizon and Sprint editions of this phone are plagued with a few issues such as only passable battery endurance, and updates that require carrier approval which means a rather lengthy testing period before release putting it months behind sibling unlocked GSM edition, but if your savvy it truly is a piece of cake to unlock the bootloader, install a custom recovery and flash a ready built up to current source code built rom from somewhere like the excellent XDA-Forums without issue. If your even more savvy its fully possible to install the Android SDK on your Windows or Ubuntu PC and roll your own build from the very latest source code from Google's Android Open Source Project repositories. You cant really say that about many Android devices outside of the Nexus family, and this device is completely worthy of the name.Lets talk about specs. The Galaxy Nexus has a 4.65&#34; 1280x720 Super AMOLED-HD display with pentile subpixel arrangement. To my eyes, the display density and color depth hide the usual issues of a pentile arrangement quite well and I quite enjoy the rich inky blacks and vibrant (if un-natural) colors of an AMOLED style display as opposed to LCD (although HTC and LG have managed to create some stunning LCDs lately). The Galaxy Nexus is powered by a dual core OMAP 4460 SOC at 1.2 ghz with 1 GB of RAM, 32 GB of internal NAND storage, and a qualcom radio chipset that in this variant is capable of CDMA 1x, EVDO rA, and LTE c13. In my personal usage I have seen LTE download speeds in excess of 30 Mbps and EVDO at a solid average of 1 Mbps. The GPU is the now standard fare SGX540 which is capable of playing some higher end games at decent framerates, but without the jaw dropping special effects you would see in software optimized for Tegra based hardware. In other words, it competently gets the job done and does it well, but its not going to make your jaw drop and it was really never intended to in the first place. Call quality is what I would consider average. Noise cancellation works quite well and both parties can hear and speak clearly, but the earpiece volume could be louder, as could the speaker around back when using speakerphone or music.Build quality is what one should expect from a Samsung built device. The body shell is composed of strong but flexible plastics, and the screen glass is scratch resistant, but lacks the rigidity of the Corning Gorilla Glass you would see in a Motorola or HTC device. Overall I would rate it quite good for impact resilience and overall durability, but after riding a few months in your pocket you can expect it to have a few random scratches and some fading in the gloss around the spine. Battery life is merely OK when you are not in an LTE coverage area or have LTE disabled. When you use LTE (4G in laymans) you'll suck down battery like a kid on a juice box. Luckily this phone continues Samsung's tradition of removable batteries and they are very reasonably priced. There are also numerous options to choose from for extended life batteries, so battery life is not as big an issue with this phone as many people make it out to be.Overall I give this phone four out of five stars because it really is that great, and if you can nab it for $200 or less in decent shape and manage to keep your unlimited data plan intact with VZW the way I did (without a subsidized upgrade), I would totally recommend it. Its strong, beautiful, and because it is clean android without all the clutter, everything runs great. It truly is the reference platform for Android apps and even a full generation later it performs admirably.

The phone was refurbished and looked great, but I am still using my old cracked screen Nexus.  The new one keeps shutting down randomly and will not start back up unless you remove battery.  Purchased as a replacement for the exact phone (which I love), but was damaged.

This phone is great just as described works perfectly I would recommend anyone to buy this phone if they are in the market.

love this phone and the fact i got it in perfect condition for the price is a plus, now i use this phone as my daily driver and im also an android dev so i need something like this to have more fun with, and ubuntu for phones just came out so ima have fun porting it to this phone.

Not only was this new in the box and plastic wrap but unlocked!  Easy activation on existing Vzw plan and my son loves it.

To be honest, I wanted to get the Nexus 4 from Google, however Verizon does not seem to support GSM phones, so I decided to get the Galaxy Nexus instead. Although it's a year old, it is definitely an upgrade from my previous phone (HTC Thunderbolt). It's much more smoother, faster and just a better experience all around - especially with 4.2! The best part is that whenever Google sends out an update, I know that within a few hours or a day, I will be able to install that update because this is a flagship phone!As soon as I got the phone, within hours I rooted it and got myself JB 4.2 and it's working great. The battery life though leaves something to be desired - though it might just be the 4G that's draining it.I'm not really a fan of getting an extended battery as it adds clutter to the phone and I don't really like that.Other than that, great phone to own!

The phone operates smoothly and exceeds my expectations.

I love this phone so much! It's amazing that it's still relevant 2 years later! The only problem with this phone that I have encountered is battery life. I'm not sure what Samsung was thinking with that one, but it was quickly remedied with a Hyperion 3800mAh battery that I bought! Jelly bean is so smooth and fast! Couple that with 4G LTE, and you've got one of the best phones out there!

I did not like this product for a few reasons; the first being that it is being sold as a &#34;new&#34; product.It came nicely packaged as if it were never used but then I noticed a scratch on the screen (not big, but visible).There was also a scratch on the backside as if the phone had been dropped before...this was observed fresh out of the packaging.The Battery that came with the phone was defective; it would not charge the phone at all-rather the phone was in the ON or OFF position.  My Verizon 4G LTE Incredible charger does work, but still would not charge the defective battery.I bought a new battery for the phone charger, and battery and now everything is in working order.I think the Seller needs to revise his &#34;New&#34; status of these phones (seems like others are having the same problem) and post a &#34;Like New&#34; or &#34;Used&#34; status so people know what to expect from the products.

Purchased this phone from Pure Mobility to replace my broken Galaxy Nexus. Amazon search for "New" galaxy Nexus led me here. Phone was received and activated and after only 4 days, the phone stopped working on 4g. Verizon tech was unable to fix this even after a factory restore. My SID card was tested in shop and was fine, so the phone was bad. Return was authorized and I returned. Email to Pure mobility asking if they had a NEW Unused one for exchange instead of return and was told "Sorry, we do not" even though their storefront shows them still having MANY for sale as NEW.NOTE: Verizon queried the serial number of phone and found it had been previously activated last year 2 times ! I did not receive a NEW phone as advertised by Pure Mobility.

The phone i got was  basically new.Pros:Its great at all app tasks, has no bloatware, and you can put Roms on it or root it easily if you want.4G is fast! where available. 3g is consistent and also good. WIFI speeds are Very fast. Easy connect to Open or WPA AES Access Points.Screen quality is about as good as it gets barring some HUGE screen that may arrive later or something with a denser pixel count.This is likely the most versatile phone on the market right now.CONS:Sometimes battery life is lower than expected.4G to 3G connection transition sometimes leaves you with no internet. (to fix, hit airplane mode on, then off. All set in a few moments)WIFI secured with the old WPA PSK may have an issue connecting if there are multiple Access Points (like in an office or school).Conclusion:Overall Very nice will get 5 Stars once the few issues I see are resolved.The upcoming update to Android 4.0.4 for Verizon should fix the few issues i have.(VZW holding it back for some reason?)

I guess I should have done my homework better.  First when receiving this I tried to activate it on-line just to discover I needed a SIM card from Verizon.  I went to the local Verizon store and they gave me one for free and activated it for me, but it took an hour in the store. The Droid 3 this replaced had 3 bars in my apartment, this phone has none. I was hoping for the better 4G speeds but have yet to ever see 4G appear and yes, I live in a major city with Verizon 4G.  Next is the battery life. I charged the battery to 100% and with using no internet usage nor even one phone call it was dead (well, 10%) in 6 hours.  Yes, in my pocket from 100% to 10% in 6 hours. I is a cool phone, it upgraded over the air to Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2 as soon as it connected to WiFi. Unfortunately to use it for something other than Solitaire I need to stand on the roof of the parking garage with it plugged into the car. I just ordered an extended battery, hopefully that will correct at least one issue.UPDATEI just want to be clear I have no problem with the seller Oakland Wireless. They did a great job, the phone arrived quickly, is in excellent physical condition, it looks new. It was packaged very nicely. I highly recommended them to anyone looking for a used phone and will likely use them again myself. I just did not know what I was buying, my fault not theirs.

I really wanted to like this, but ...  There is a burn image of the Google search widget and the screen is dimmer than other SG Nexus' I've seen.  The charging port wobbles, the connector sometimes drops (so it may not be charging).  This is really a big problem, since the battery life is less than 20% of the original released specification for the phone battery life.  Yes I know there is an age issue and yes I know that the OS updates have increased the drain speed.  But 5hours to charge for a little over an hour of talk time...... really?I still think that the SG Nexus is a great product and I'll probably get another.Amazon customer service was great (!) and very helpful.  Thanks Lauren B. !!!

The phone was beautiful.  Unfortunately Page Plus cellular would not activate it, I do not know how to flash a phone, so I returned it.  The refund came quick.

COULD NOT ACTIVATE THE PHONE!! Okay, the phone did arrive on time and it looked was in perfect shape, but when I was TRYING TO ACTIVATE IT. It WOULD NOT LET ME ACTIVATE IT!! Because they sent me a phone that had a burnt out antenna! I went to Verizon to see what the hell was wrong with this phone, and they tried to activate it but it would not do anything. So I got sent this phone THAT DIDN'T EVEN WORK! WHAT KIND OF COMPANY WOULD SEND SOMEONE A PHONE THAT COULDN'T EVEN GET ACTIVATED!! DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!And if you do, and if you send it back because it didn't work! YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR SHIPPING WHEN YOU SEND IT BACK TO THIS SELLER! So be careful and don't get this phone!

I've had this phone (3) on my fourth, voice degrades, shuts down reboots on its own and it's screeches! Verizon does nothing but send you same phone, SIM card or battery but results are the SAME!!! No help!When it works it great but come on if it's down more up ahhhh.......

Got this for my son as a replacement for an earlier Samsung Galaxy.  He loves it does everything he wants and allowed us to keep unlimited data on Verizon.

Was a phone my 15 year-old son had wanted.  We didn't have any upgrades due at the time for the holidays and this looked like a good deal.  The phone was in excellent condition and was one of the few choices that actually came with the ac charging cord.  This one also came with headphones and Otterbox case.

Bought this phone because it was advertised as new.  It came in a re-labled box but the inner packaging appeared new.  However, when I began setting up the calendar I found numerous entries for meetings, appointments, birthdays and such  for 2012 and 2013 throughout the phone.  I contacted Amazon online, explained the issue and they gave me a $50 refund.  I kept the phone, removed all the entries and it is working well.  I would have rated this 5 if not for the issues noted above.

The phone came without a charger and without a manual. It was supposed to be new. It was supposed to be unlocked and it wasn't. The whole experience seemed like a sham.

Lots of ROM development for this phone, absolutely love it.The screen ... Yea the screen. Its awesomeeeee.Very sleek phone, friends be like whaaaaaaaat.

Despite being a year old, this phone still races through anything I can throw at it. I flashed CM10 and it's running amazingly. A good choice if you don't have a 2 year upgrade. The only phone I would choose over this one would be the Galaxy S III.

The battery was useless, couldn't hold a charge for nothing. I had to purchase another battery for it be to used. And it stated there were no scratches &#34; like new&#8221; but first thing I noticed it had a dent on the top of it. At least it works now. Good fast delivery though.

My experience with this vendor was super positive. A day after ordering the phone it occurred to me to email the seller and ask if the phone came with a sim card (which it didn't). I received a response within 6 hours and the seller informed me that I can get one for free at the verizon store (which I did).. The phone came as advertised (perfect condition, like new), and 4 days earlier than the estimated delivery date.Now onto the phone. Just as a quick background, this is my second smartphone. My first was the iphone 4,which I loved. My only issue was the size of the screen. I have pretty poor vision, so it was hard for me to to read mobile apps on it, which kind of defeats the purpose of having a smart phone. I'm was one year away from my 2 year update, so I decided to search for a used phone with a larger screen. My research led me to the galaxy nexus and it's 4.65 hd screen. This suited my needs much better. I will say one thng, do yourself a favor and buy yourself an extended battery or an extra battery. Having read at least 100 reviews I found 1 common denominator= the poor battery life. knowing this before hand was beneficial, as when I ordered my phone I also ordered a hyperion extended battery and case. It does look a little silly to make such a big phone even bigger, but believe me, it's worth it. I got a full day and a half out of it, which is better than my iphone. The phone is an absolute monster. I would say it blows away my iphone 4 in just about every category. It's ridiculously fast and the display is beautiful. Coming from the retina display to an amoled screen takes some getting used to. The colors on the samsung amoled are absolutely stunning, if not over saturated at times, and blacks are incredibly black, much more so than the iphone. The iphone has the more realistic colors, but blacks are greyish and the colors aren't as vibrant. While these are not the latest and greatest products from these manufactures, I'll give my opinion based on my experience. This one goes to the galaxy nexus. Please don't hesitate to use this vendor, they were prompt and service was greeat!

Got this phone pretty quickly once ordered.  Phone has worked great so far.  Was advertised as new but had some photos with a weird looking guy in the gallery.  Other than that, it has been awesome

The phone came very fast. I just had the issue of running out of charge and finding that after a day of owning the device, the charger area was not accepting any charge. I like the device because it is fast and it has updated software Jelly bean. I am getting an exchange and hopefully it will be perfect without anything wrong with the device.

Phone was MORE than what I was expecting.  I've only had it less than a week, but brought to a friend of mine that we call &#34;The Wizard&#34; because he is a Cell Phone Expert who works at a Cell Phone Booth, and I told him how much I paid for it and he just couldn't believe it, Especially since it was the 32 GB Phone.  I upgraded it to Jelly Bean 4.2 as soon as I took it out of the box and it absolutely flies.  I highly recommend this phone to anyone who &#34;Like Me&#34;  doesn't want to loose their &#34;Unlimited Data&#34; with Verizon, yet want's the latest OS, Awesome High Def Screen and Cool Apps.  For the Price, you get MORE than you pay for.  Just my 2 cents!

Exactly what I needed. Better condition than my old phone. Recommend end to anyone looking for a cheap, reliable smartphone.

This phone is wonderful however the battery life is not. My husband bought this phone so he could keep his unlimited data but he can hardly do anything on it. It'll be fully charged for maybe an 2 hours without using it but the moment you stsrt using it, the battery dies before you know it. My husband has to keep it off the majority of the time and can hardly play on it or anything. Make sure you buy an extended battery before you start using it.

We ordered this phone for my daughter.  We tried to connect it with page plus and they told us it had to be flashed, so we took it to store to get it flashed and they tell us since this phone is pretty new they couldn't flash it!!  So we had to sell it and try n get our money back for what we paid for.  Luckily we did and ended up with a Motorola razr.  This phone was awesome, it worked great and was in brand new condition. My daughter truly misses the phone, but it's reality, if you can't connect it with any prepaid company, then that's a real bummer!

Overall pleased with product. Just had some issues with the seller and what came with it. Emailed and confirmed that charger cable, battery and cover came with it, and when I got it. It was only the phone, battery and cover. One was sent out after conferring with the seller. Now all is good.

The phone was in near perfect condition , not one mark on the screen , works great, very fast arrival, which was totally appreciated

Good replacement for a stolen Galaxy S3. The form factor is great. Android update is available. Not bad for a non-current model. Battery life is not too good though but I can charge almost anywhere.

The first phone shipped to me would not turn on, but the seller was quick to assist me in replacing it with a working used phone.  The new phone works as advertised and has been great for me so far!

I upgraded to this from a first gen Windows phone, and wow.I've had Android phones before (LG & SKY), but this one takes the cake.I have the latest version of Cyanogen Mod installed, and it is a must.I don't need super quad-core phones.This one has all the speed you need, and a decent camera ( for a good price to boot).

Pure love for the pure Google Android for Verizon, untainted by additional features by hardware manufacturers. Re-imageable (be sure you know what you're doing) to a factory image readily available from Google. If you are an Android application developer and on Verzion's CDMA network, this is the phone you'll want as a reference benchmark for your phone development and device compatibilities. The phone upgrades to Android 4.2.2 if not upgraded already. I don't know if it will eventually upgrade to 4.3. Only time will tell. Samsung made this phone and it is compatible with some Samsung apps not always compatible with non-Samsung hardware. Has 5GHz WiFi client, but not 5GHz WiFi hotspot. Does not simultaneously WiFi client and hotspot -- will do one or the other but not both at the same time -- i.e., it won't function as a WiFi bridge. Nonetheless, a WiFi hotspot to connect any WiFi client to your 4G LTE network is incredibly useful. Can do the same via Bluetooth. Not compatible with all Samsung apps. No telling when, if ever, another Nexus phone will be available for Verizon's CDMA/LTE network.

Best phone I have ever owned. The open source pure Google is awesome! Would definitely recommend to anyone who loves the android os.

Well when I got it looked great! Came with a wall charger, hooked up to Verizon no problem! Has some major battery issues wont stay charged five hours and I don't even have anything on it!Now I have had it for about a month and it is horrible! I can't keep it charged, most time it wont even charge it says its not charging if it is on, I have to shut it off to charge it in the car or with the wall charger. JUST GO GET ONE FROM THE STORE MUCH EASIER AND BETTER THEN HAVING PROBLEMS YOU CANT GET FIXED!

I was a little leary on getting a phone online, but this phone is amazing! I havent found one thing wrong with this phone, it works perfect, was shipped and at my house within like 3 days. I would recommend this seller and this type of phone to anyone!!! The camera is amazing, it is fast, and is a great smart phone over all!!

My screen on my Galaxy Nexus recently shattered and I wanted to keep this phone rather than upgrade to a newer model on the Verizon network. Purchasing this used model was great! The phone was in very nice shape, very minor scratches on the screen (hardly noticeable unless you're really, really looking for them). Shipping was very fast! I got my phone in 2 days. What I didn't realize was that my previous Galaxy Nexus had 32GB of storage and this one has only 16GB, but it hasn't been an issue for me yet.

Don't get me wrong this is a great phone.When it had Android 4.1 Jelly bean it worked immaculately.However after 4.2 jelly bean,Its back to lagging and force closes,whether the product is rooted or not.My device is rotted and running AOKP Build 5 so maybe when I update to 6 it will work smoother after a factory reset but right now this this is nothing but trouble.Constant freezing especially when the music app, or Navigation is open.I recommend if you must get this device try to get one running 4.1.The device it self is attractive even with an extended battery (invest in one you will need it,and manufacturers extended battery doesn't change the look of the phone much.) The NFC function works well as well has the front facing camera.Stock android is every fun to use and worth it.

I accidentally dropped my smartphone in the toilet, and I did not have any insurance on the phone.I simply took my SIM card (Verizon network) from my old phone and put it in this one, and after a few minutes, all of my contacts, phone numbers, and text-messages were able to sync to my new device.  I was able to make phone calls, use the web, and send text messages as normal.

The phone itself was like new but would not work for what I wanted. It worked on Verizon's prepaid but thier $60 plan actualy ends up at 125.00 after taxes, fees, govt.. You name it. So I tried to use it on PagePlus but Verizon blocks it from working.Seller GOOD, Verizon SUCKS!

Phone works pretty good, battery life is a bit disappointing, but the customer service was outstanding as someone replied to my complaint and sent me a new back cover an battery., now the battery still does not last longer then a full day but the consideration an effort to fix it was much appreciated.

Where do I start? Perhaps the fact that the battery only lasts 4-6 hours on my phone- I have to charge it 3 times a DAY- Unbelievable. This is why I cannot wait to be eligible for my upgrade so I can get an iphone like I used to have. I would not recommend this phone, nor would I recommend buying a used one from anyone on Amazon- I'll probably have to buy a new battery for my phone soon and I only had it for 3.5 weeks. It's a nice looking phone so it's a shame that I feel that I was cheated.
