
To start off, this is not a review about Verizon customer service, that's a whole different scenario! This is strictly about the LG Lucid phone. Since our old phones were wearing out, we decided to up grade to our first smart phones. The selling point was the price and the duel cameras that allows use of apps like tango...trust me when I tell ya, this is a grandkid thing!When the phones arrived, the activation instructions were simple to follow and only took a few minutes for each one to be up and fully functional. After having these for a week, they are easy to use and set up. They come preloaded with some good apps. If you like phone games, you will have to download your own. It only comes with two demo games, no solitaire!All the functions that I have used perform well. The dual-core processors are very quick. I have not used it as a wi-fi tether yet. 4G connectivity has given us no issues so far. No matter what type of building I'm in, there is always a couple of bars on the signal meter.The only real con to this phone, as with all smartphones is the short battery life. It has to be charged everyday, vice once a week. You will want to download and install JuiceDefender to extend the battery charge. I am going to order the extended life batteries in the very near future to try to improve the battery life issue.It appears that once again, Apple has been beat at their own game. This outperforms the iphone in price, network speed and dependability.Update:We got the extended life batteries for the phones now. It does extend the battery life with moderate use. If you can resist the urge to  play on it all the time, you can get a couple of days worth of charge running juicedefender.Keep in  mind though, your cases will not fit because of the bigger battery. You will have to modify them to make them fit. I cut out a square hole in the back of my wifes jel case to make it work.

I love the LG Lucid 4G Android cell phoneLG Lucid 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)I recently obtained.  However, the battery life is so short you need to carry the charging cord around with you where ever you go!  Even with my settings minimized, the battery is almost totally drained within five (5) hours.  I couldn't even get through a day at work without recharging it!  I did locate an extended life battery for it, (at a cost of $42.00 from Verizon) and that seems to help, but it has now doubled the weight of the phone and I cannot find a case that accommodates the extra size of the battery and battery cover.  Does anyone know if one exists?Other than the battery issues, the Lucid is really slick!  I love all of its features, it's really fast, accurate, does everything I expected and it handles apps really well.  My only question is:  why couldn't LG incorporate an extended life battery into the original phone????

I really like this phone.  It's my first smartphone and it's simple to use.  But I'm having a problem with the ringer.  It only rings on every other call.  The phone receives the call, it just doesnt' ring.  It's annoying.  Has anyone else had this problem?

I selected the LC Lucid using my "new every 2" credit from Verizon Wireless.  I previously owned an LG Dare that I enjoyed and wanted to remain with the brand.  After about two months of attempting to use the Lucid, I found an old LG Dare online, ordered it, and switched back.  Here is my story:I got a brand new LG Lucid from the Verizon store.  I took it home assembled, charged and used the phone.  The next evening when the battery died I placed the phone on the charger.  The buttons on the phone began to blink off and on.  I went to bed. When I woke up the next day, the buttons were still blinking.  I tried to power the phone on but it had not charged. I unplugged it and plugged it back in...ONLY THEN did my phone begin to charge.  After three weeks of this behavior I returned the phone and verizon sent me a refurbished phone.  Same problem. In short...the LG Lucid does not charge when you plug it in, if the battery is completely dead.  You have to plug it in, wait twenty minutes, unplug it, and then plug it back in, or it will not charge.  VERY inconvenient.Second Issue:  The phone does not push email well.  I on many occasions do not receive new email until hours or even days after it is sitting in my inbox, which I can verify by looking at gmail, yahoo etc.  Verizon message boards indicate that this is a pervasive problem.Please do not purchase this phone.  I wish I could send mine back, but will have to wait two years for a new credit, or pay full price.

The LG Lucid is a good choice for someone needing an Android phone on the Verizon Network. For the price, this is a very capable phone.In a good coverage area, I would say that it is easy on the battery. The only time I have experienced it eating the battery was in a spotty coverage area.The mobile hotspot works very well(I am utilizing that right now) and the phone doesn't seem to drop out.Calls have been crisp and clear.What I miss is ICS android. The phone currently has gingerbread, and the promise of a ICS upgrade. If LG doesn't come thru with ICS pretty soon, I may be unhappy with that.

I used my upgrade to get one of these...boy am I ever sorry.  The only positive thing I can say about this phone is that it's 4G...other than that, this phone quite literally sucks...batteries dry.  I'm stuck in a contract on this phone.  If you do anything other than leave it in standby for calls, you will need a pocket full of batteries.Speaking of which, if you are playing a game, or watching a movie, or doing anything you might have bought a smartphone for, the battery draws down so quickly it gets HOT.The OS is set up to avoid using data if at all possible, therefore if there is an open wireless network anywhere in the area, it will jump on it like a horny dog, regardless of the quality of the data connection.  You have to specifically turn off Wi-Fi to avoid this issue.If you are in line for an upgrade or simply considering a new phone, avoid this turkey at all costs.  It does nothing especially well, and if you depend on this phone being awake when you need it, you should look elsewhere.  It WILL let you down.

I have had the Lucid 2 for exactly 3 months. It has worked less than half of that. It constantly shuts itself off and the only way to get it back on is to remove the battery for about 10 seconds and put it back in. This is not because of the battery dying, (I am always charging it) and yes it has an extremely short life, but it just shuts itself down. I have taken it back to where I purchased it 5 times and of course it is always my fault. FAT CHANCE. I was even told "Why don't you just turn it off when you are not using it"!!!!! EXCUSE ME????? Gees, if I turn it off I will have to remove the battery to get it to start up. The service people had to remove the battery to get it to start up. (hmmm?) Yesterday was the first time an in-store Verizon service person actually offered to order me a new phone....But guess what??? not new; a refurbished one!!!!! (LG's policy!!!)My only choice!Buyer beware!!! Looks like I am stuck with this for two years!!!

I have had two LG Lucids and both have bad keyboard and messaging problems.  The keyboard fails to keep up with standard typing speed and at least 25% of my messages do not send until I delete them and repaste the content.

The 4g LG lucid is a great phone!Pros:fast,easy to use,camera is good,smallcons:battery lifeIve had this phone for Two weeks and i love it! hope you enjoy it too! just remember to get and extended battery and a case! ^-^

Cons 1 - battery does take all nite to charge. Battery then takes, whilst sitting on my office desk 3/4 of the day @ work to hit the 22% mark of battery left.Cons 2 - Black outs...Lift it up...set it down...shake it...don't shake it...it blackens out while in miduse...Oh it comes back to life...but still!???Cons 3 - Slippery when wet...dry or whatever...it is like vasaline on a July day on a pregnant ant's ass...Slippereeeeeeeeeee. Hold with care.Pro - i got it under my fiance's 2 year Verizon account....for lil' to nuffin...Pro - it dials fine.Pro - Pretty screen savers.

lucky to get 5 hrs on battery without charging.does not respond well to my finger control,must use pen.phone keeps hunting for why fi and kills battery,even after shutting it off.save your money,time and frustration,dont buy this phone!!!

I love the LG Lucid 4G Android cell phoneLG Lucid 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)I recently obtained.

When searching for a smartphone dont be cheap go the extra distance and get the iphone or droid becaise it has tons of problems.

Maybe I got a dud, but this idiot phone has a mind of it's own. A week after I got it, the camera function stuck, it continued with the shutter sound and overheated until I removed the battery. I went to return it, but the store was too crowded so I left (my mistake). I have had this for 2 years now, and it has never done anything right.It has a cord to attach to your laptop to download photos, it doesn't work. Numerous Lucid owners have had this problem and there is no fix. While mid call, the phone constantly goes into settings and switches itself to Airplane Mode, dropping the call. It isn't easy manually going into settings and switching modes, but it finds a way to do this even when you aren't touching anything. Constantly &#34;sticks&#34; on a screen and overheats.I wouldn't wish this phone on my worst enemy. My contract is up in 2 months and I will happily swap it out unless I've run it over with my Jeep by then.

I'm upgrading from a Droid Incredible, which was slowly dying in the hardware department because the charging port kind of busted and wouldn't charge half the time. And the construction, while stylish, felt cheap and flimsy. When I heard that my mom was going to get a new phone early, we were trying to find the best deal. Knowing me, I wanted the best phone possible, which would be like either Motorola or Samsung Galaxy branded. Then when mom was talking on the phone with Verizon, she got a deal with this phone. And I thought, "Ugh, no, not LG," because I heard LG wasn't that great. That was years ago and apparently, that was a huge understatement. This phone is by no means, a slouch. I'd say this is not only for beginners for smartphones, but also for advanced users that have a tight budget. However, it is not without falls, though. I'll be comparing this to my old phone in several sections.Build: This phone feels really nice in the hand. The construction is not cheaply made and has a good weight to it. The Gorilla Glass display also feels sturdy and solid. The battery cover is also easy to snap out so you can exchange batteries for put in an SD card.Style: The handset may look ordinary in the front, but the sides and the back do look really attractive. The sides look like they were partly in silver (but its not). The power button is on the top ride side of the phone and the other side is what looks like a button, but it really isn't. The back is smooth with a black and red pattern on the back.Hardware: I already talked about the build, but lets get more specific here. The screen actually looks great and vibrant for a mid-range phone. The screen resolution isn't the greatest as you can tell when looking at texts in the browser, but it's good enough to make it look pretty good as well as responsive. Calls can come in through the top pretty clear compared to my Incredible, which was hard to tell what people were saying as they were fading in and out on that phone. And they can hear me pretty good, too apparently. Inside of the phone is a beast that could take you by surprise. Armed with a 1.2 GHz dual-core Snapdragon processor and 1 GB of ram, you should have nothing to worry about for app compatibility, at least for a long time. The charging port on the phone is the same on the HTC Incredible, so finding charging cables made it a little easier as they do work with this phone. The only bad thing I might say about this area is the battery, which will have its own section.Software: It is running Android 2.3.6 aka Gingerbread. While it was nice on my Incredible, it makes my phone feel like its behind the times. However, there is a promise of Android 4.0 aka Ice Cream Sandwhich (ICS) in the future, so there's still hope there. It has LG's Interface overlay, which I wasn't thrilled about at first, but it actually grew on me as it had a nice set of widgets I found to be even better than HTC, like the dialer widget. Though the dialer is a click of a button away on the homescreen, it's still a nice touch if you don't want to exit your homescreen and it is very functional. Another widget is Social +, which connects your FaceBook, Twitter, and Myspace (who uses Myspace anymore!?), and it is really nice because not only check other peoples' statuses, but also your updates on the ones you made and your messages, which you can reply to through the widget. The calendar and note widgets are nice as well. I only wish you could sync FaceBook events and birthdays to the calendar, but I'm being nit picky since that was the only thing I liked about my previous phone. I could just use MyCalendar Mobile for that. Another thing LG added was 4 different themes to switch from. How convenient! Though you can just download a 3rd party Launcher and probably be happier with that too.Connectivity: It can connect to 3G and 4G Verizon towers for internet, and can have voice over data, something the Incredible didn't have. Though you won't get unlimited data on this phone thanks to Verizon's selfish need to rape people of their money (Why Verizon, why...?). Not everyone has wifi at home, so that was a lame of them. You can create a hotspot with this phone, though. Sadly, I can't get 4G in my area (c'mon Verizon! Give me my money's worth!!), but when I'm out connected to 4G, it's really fast. Much faster than 3G, which is obvious enough. It has Bluetooth 3.0, which I had no problem with since I can easily connect my iControlPad (iCP for short), which is a bluetooth gamepad I use for games and emulators on it. I haven't tried a bluetooth headset, though, but when I do, I'll mention it in an update for this review.Apps & Games: This phone will load games almost immediately, thanks to its speedy processor and gig of ram. Apps like FaceBook and Instagram don't lag at all. Gaming is pretty solid on this phone too. From Words With Friends to Grand Theft Auto III, it runs like a champ. There was hardly any glitches in GTA III and it didn't force close at all like it did on my 4th gen. iPod touch. There even emulators available in the market as well as other places to download. From Atari 2600 to an N64 emulator, it still runs great and they all work with my iCP. You will not be bored with this phone as it will let you play all of your favorite games, rather it be new on the market, or old-school style.Keyboard: While it lacks a physical keyboard, it comes with a decent LG-branded onscreen keyboard and Swype. You will love Swype as typing with be a breeze with one finger. You literally swipe from one key to the other on the screen to create the word. There are other keyboards you can download from the Google Play store if you wish it.Cameras: The cameras are actually pretty good. Not the sharpest, but not the worst either, hence the price of a mid-range phone. The back one is a 5mp camera, which takes pretty good pictures and supports full 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps, which is actually pretty good. The front facing camera is VGA quality and its great for taking a picture of you and a loved one or video chat. I haven't done any video chatting yet, so that will be a future update in this review.Battery Life: This phone contains a 1700 mAH battery. Oh, I really want to say, "Yes, this battery life is awesome!", but its not. Its not the worst, but if you're a light to mid user, you should be fine for a day. If you're a heavy user, though, then I'd recommend bringing a charger, or at least an extra battery or two, or get an extended battery.Conclusion:Overall, I'm pleased with this smartphone. Its a worthy upgrade from the Incredible as it. The pros outweigh the cons and would highly recommend this phone for people who are new to the smartphone world and on a tight budget. Does everything a phone should, and more. Just make sure it has all the features you want. If you have any question, just go ahead and ask on here.

This phone will not stay connected to the internet whether you are on wifi, 3G or 4G.  The salesman at Verizon talked this phone up and I bought it.  Stupid me!  Do not buy! If you just want to talk and text its fine but to look anything up on the web forget it.  It has been dropping calls off and on but not too bad.  Would not recommend.

We have 5 of these and still have one year left in our contract.The lenses are cracked on all five and we can't get them repaired anywhere. Verizon only wants to sell us refurbished phones. There have been errors on the bills, they keep adding charges, promise credits (after hours on the phone) and then the charges are added back.The battery does not last, the memory fills up with only a few apps, the 4G is slow at best and the Droid system crashes.Personally I can't wait to change to T-Mobile and I will never be back, nor will I ever go with the LG product again.

I have had my LG Lucid for over a year now. It is a great little phone. I wanted a smart phone with all the popular features, but I didn't want the normal bulky droids or iPhones. The price was great as well. It was one of the least expensive smart phones on the market when I upgraded. What I love most about this phone is that despite the slim design, this phone is a TANK. I don't have a case/cover on my phone and it has survived many drops and much abuse. I had actually lost this phone for a MONTH to find it in my yard after a number of storms and frosty nights. It still works!! And works as well as it did before I lost it.

This is my first &#34;smartphone&#34;.  Only got it since my last phone would no onger charge correctly or hold a charge.  And i tell you, as far as &#34;smart&#34; goes, it is not.  Battery life is poor, signal strength is poor, case durabliity is good.  It is constantly doing unwanted things then loosing other things.  First it insisted to upgrade the backup assistant. Now backup assistant does not work. And I cant go back to the precious version.  Then the wifi stopped working.  Had to download a wifi fixer to get it to work, then it stopped working.  Now wifi has stoped again.  Then it came up with &#34;to complete action chose CarHome or Other&#34; for no reason.  I do not know what CarHome is or where it is to turn off.  the built in weather stoped working.  Installed a different weather app.  It eventually stopped working. Went back to built in weather app. wroked for a while. then stopped.  Wifi was wroking again, then stopped again. has yet to work again.  Still can not backup, and now it want to update the backup assistant again.  The voice recognition has seldom performed well, or even a little.  Speak a short sentence, only half of it comes up, place a period, does not accept it, speak some more and the first sentence is removed.  It does have a pile of crapware.  All of witch can not be removed.  Normal for most phones.  But I use phones for phones, not games.  Wish I could get a phone only and put things on it that I need and leave the game at home for the kids.  If you miss a call or message, too bad, does not remind you of any missed calles or message.  Down load an app for that, it works half the time.  Like I said, it is durable. I have dropped the phone, punched the phone, thrown the phone, and have yet to break the phone.  Battery pops off, thats about it.  If you need a durable phone, this is it, if you want one that works, find something else.  My next test will be shooting the phone, or hammer test, but only after I find a good replacement.  I could go on on more problems of this phone, but these are the worse.  If I could give it less then one star I would have.

LG Lucid 4G Android Phone (Verizon Wireless)I have to tell you that my wife and I bought one for each of us and we are very Satisfied. Of course there's always going to be something that you may not like but in general this is one heck of phone. And for the the price you can't do better, not even with an IPhone. And for those who talk about blackout, there's a thing called a Manual, you know the book that tells you how too! And granted the battery does suck but if this is the only thing I'm sure you can find ways to adjust your phone to improve this problem as we have. And as for as charging it has never taken me as long as some of you have claim to.And as far as Verizon goes they have been nothing but the best customer service I have ever delt with. Believe I have delt with a lot and they rank the best in any of the cell phone co. So try try using that little device which is on your Lucid called guided tours and you'll find all the help you need, and if not call Verizon tech support they are more than happy to help you..................Paragon

This is the worse phone I've ever had. Everything takes too long, too many clicks to do. It was advertised as a smartphone for people that thought smartphones were too complicated--well, this can't do anything easy. It may have some bells and whistles, but if you can't find them, who cares? For example, if you want to make a call by voice so you don't have to look at the phone, I could do that with one squeeze of my last phone, tell the phone who I wanted to call and it dialed the number. Now I have to punch the phone on, pull down the phone icon, look again for the microphone icon, punch it and then it comes up so I can speak into it. After all that, when I tell it who to call, it comes back up with a written message. Now I have to look at it again, punch it again for the right person to call and then it calls. Absolutely ridiculous!

This is the daughter of the person who owns this Amazon account... I've had this phone since August of 2012 and already I feel like I need an upgrade because this phone is a piece of junk. Sadly I'm stuck with it.Cons:-The battery life is awful. If I have the screen brightness set to 50% and use apps that require wifi (usually inside my house), the battery will be nearly dead within 2-4 hours. I'm 15 years old and I'm a communicator. I text all the time and I talk to a lot of people on Facebook. Having to stay plugged up almost constantly is not fun. Don't even get me started on how much the 3G/4G (as it swaps back and forth for some reason) eats up the battery. I watch the battery percentage go down by the minute if I have the data on.-The phone gets hot very quickly and overheats if you have the screen brightness up all the way for more than half an hour.-The browser constantly crashes when I try to type in a URL or search for something. I often have to reopen the app 2 to 3 times before it quits acting up.-Speaking of crashing, other apps seem to be crashing often as well, as well as the keyboard. Luckily, the phone itself doesn't freeze up too often, but it freezes up enough for it to be annoying. I often end up having to remove the battery and letting it rest for a few seconds before putting it back in.-It takes a ridiculously long time to turn on. This is a huge pain if I need to make an urgent phone call and my phone has shut off or frozen in my pocket.Pros:-I like the photos it takes on the back camera. The front camera's not as good but I can deal with that because I love the quality of the back camera.-The music player is decent, though a bit annoying when ringtones get mixed in with the actual music (that can be fixed easily though). It plays music louder without headphones than my iPod Touch does.-It charges very quickly when plugged up to an outlet and not a computer. (This would be better if it didn't lose its charge almost as fast.)-The call quality is okay.Overall the phone's pretty bad, but it does have a few high points to it, such as the camera and the music player, which are two things I use on a daily basis. However, as soon as I get the chance or the money, I'm switching to a new phone immediately. This one isn't worth using any longer than necessary.

Great compact, easy to use camera phone.  Camera takes excellent pictures. Only negative is short battery time.  Must charge often.

My husband and I each bought this phone the day before Easter and we both like it.  As the girl explained it to us, this phone is for people who are new to smart phones.  This applies to my husband and I.  Before this we had never even had a contract plan before.I have to say that I like this phone.  The only thing I'm not crazy about is the apps that are preloaded.  Some of them I can't delete.  I don't use them and would rather have the space for other things.If someone knows how to delete them, please let me know.

Ever since the begining of time I have always had an LG phone. So when I saw this phone and the Spectrum (I really wanted the Spectrum but settled for this one) I felt the need to upgrade my phone and service. My first experience with a smart phone was not a good one but, also not an LG and was promptly returned to verizon, could not stand it, and went back to a more basic phone (LG) with a little data.  I have always been able to depend on LG phones and have never had any problems, I have tried other manufacters but always with in a week or two went back to LG.  So needless to say I am an LG fan.  Back to this phone I got this phone because of the price, you can't beat a penny, activated it and enjoyed this phone so much I returned it for the Spectrum (which cost more than the penny spent).  My only complaint would be the battery but I would have learned to get past that or get an extended battery.  Comparing this to the Spectrum both function the same, the Spectrum display is obviously bigger, the call quality isn't as nice in Lucid as the Spectrum, it seemed as though I had to repeat myself alot or ask the other end of the call to do so (actually this is what made me switch because I actually use my phone as a phone in addition to the other stuff).  I very much liked this phone but prefer the Spectrum. Both are very nice looking but need a case to protect them, easy to use, easy to read, and easy to set up. Over all I liked this phone but really like the Spectrum.

The screen is small and bright. Phone seems responsive to input. I like the fact that it's a small phone. Call quality is decent. With little use I'm getting a full 24hrs on the battery. By little I mean one phone call and a few texts. Compared to the Bionic I had this phone is much better in every regard. Compared to my Rezound it's a toss up. Feels like a quality phone. I use a phone for phone calls, texting and the occasional picture. The Lucid meets my basic requirements as a phone.

I received this phone one and a half years ago and it was the first smart phone that I ever used. It was easy to understand and use. However, the battery life was the most disappointing aspect of this phone. There is no way that this phone can last a whole day if you used it actively. In addition, this phone suffers from major lag issues. It is very unresponsive and in my case, I am unable to apply the software update as well. Every dozen or so cases of opening an app, there would be one time where the app is highlighted but the phone freezes for 3-5 minutes until it restarts itself. Another thing about this phone is that it takes eons to shutdown and restart.In the end, I regret buying this phone and look forward to buy a new phone once my contract ends.

This is worst smart phone I have ever owned. I have been previously owner of a Samsung and an HTC smartphone and also an iPad.The 4g data works great when it is available. But when it is not, it takes a long time to get other data connection. Often it skips 3G data network and goes to older 2G network. Which is annoying because my previous Verizon smart phone (HTC) worked fine on 3G in the same locations.The GPS is 100% useless. It can rarely find where i am on the road. it is almost always searching for my location. Never had this problem with the HTC or the Samsung phones. If it does find my location, if I ever go off path, then i can forget about auto reroute because it will never find my location again. My suspicion is because the 4G connection gets lost while travelling and it switches to 3G temporarily. That means it needs to relocate me again on the different network. But too much time is lost on searching for location.The home, back, and search keys often become unresponsive. Just under normal use, they suddenly don't react when touched. Have to wait out several minutes or do a restart before it works.I will never buy an LG again. They made bad feature phones and now making horrible smart phones.

I have had this phone for over a year and it was good at first but i realize now that it is terrible. This is a very affordable phone and it has 4G but the 4G is not even that fast!!! SPRINT has faster 4g lte at most times than this phone! Thew battery life is absolutely the worst! When I got it, I could go for about 5 hours on a charge with nonstop usage. Now im lucky to get 2 hours! Leaving it on standby still burns lots of battery. it takes over 2 hours to charge! Also, if you have under 2G of data per month, DONT get this phone. It uses data to upgrade apps without even consenting you! It upgraded my phone to a new layout earlier this year, the new layout was supposed to be faster and better but it has only slowed my phone down, confused me and used my data! I do use lots of data, so I am going to upgrade to Sprint from Verizon. If you have lots of time to sit at a charger, like slow 4g and want your personal data to be taken up by a phone, Get this phone. Also it takes nearly 3 minutes to turn on! DONT BUY THIS PHONE

I bought this phone on ebay because it was cheaper. i have had it for 2 months now and i didn't have a problem at all. be aware if you download bing, when ur typing in it, it will have a lot of auto correct and other apps that i have don't. i bought this phone because i cracked my galaxy s4. if you r getting your first phone or having to get another phone, i would reccomend this one. It dosn't cost much like other smartphones that are new and costs 200$. It's capible with 4g. GOOD PHONE!

This phone is one of the worst phones I have ever owned the battery sucks the data gets taken over as soon as there is wifi and then gets shut off

I've had this phone for almost a week and hate it. It takes forever to charge, then doesn't even stay charged all day. I only use it for texting, a few phone calls and checking email, so it's not because of heavy usage. I'm probably going to return it and try the Droid 4.

this phone is a piece of junk don't waste your time or money on this phone. It is garbage around the boaed

Pros- Great Price tag, Dual core processors and the 1GB of RAM make this phone really snappy. The frotn facing camera is a nice addition, the build quality is nice with gorilla glass and aluminum accents around the sides, 2.3.6 with ICS in the future, 4G LTE is nice as well, the screen is a good size.Cons-The cameras aren't exactly the best quality colors are muted and the sharpness isn't there. The screen doesn't name enough colors and pixels are slightly grainy, the battery charges quickly but drains fast, no SD Card.I have had this phone since the day it came out and so far it has been pretty good. The phone has really snappy performance with the Dual core processor, 1GB of RAM, and 4G LTE make the phones performance feel really quick, the dual cameras are a nice addition.  The promise of Android 4.0 ICS in the future means that this phone is a little future proof.  The call quality is great and the keyboard is easy to use and type text messages or send emails.  The camera and the screen both could be better but these are no penalty box.  Some people complain about LG's interface but I find it isn't to intrusive and has some handy features. Battery life is abysmal in the best of situations but on the plus side it charges pretty quickly. Overall the 79.99 price tag retail is very fair for the features you get, so this is no penalty box for a phone and you will be pretty happy with it in the end.

Me and my wife both purchased it right after it was released. They both worked fairly well at first. About 7 months in the battery and operating system on both our phones started to get worse and worse, Now my phone wont survive the 10ish hours Im out of the house every day without being charged. Thats with hardly any use, The operating system is always glitching and stops playing audio and I have to mess with it to get it to work. Needless to say I would have taken it back but the screen cracked about a month and a half into its meltdown. Bottom line, you will be better off with another phone. Two phones down and over a year till my next upgrade.... ugh.Oh and the camera picture quality went way down hill from when we first got them. That one is hard to explain.... haha

I happily used an LG chocolate for almost three years, and have passed that great phone on to my husband.  I tried an HTC rhyme and a Droid Razr before finding the Lucid.  It is the perfect step up for a "mature" user, who mostly wants a comfortable reliable phone, but enjoys a little internet use and good tools.  It's the PERFECT size..large screen, smaller overall size. It is great for that.  Haven't had it long enough to really speak to the battery issue.  It takes time to get all the apps loaded and updates settled in and to get the phone optimized.  Also helps to get past the fascination stage.  I think there are some excellent apps out there (advanced task killer) for one that can be used even by a novice to get the most out of a phone.  If you play games and take videos and change wallpapers several times a day, you are going to pay with battery life...........speaking from experience.Hey, it's a phone first and very easy to use.Do get a protective cover and screen protector and buy the insurance!!!!

The LG Lucid is the Android-carrier skinning gone horribly horribly wrong.The Lucid's UI is utterly confusing...settings are impossible to find. Long presses do not result in the action you would expect. The bloatware on this phone is disgusting.When it it time to upgrade the phone, I am going to enjoying beating this phone into little pieces with a hammer.Avoid LG crap at all costs!

The LG Lucid is amazing! Ok, it is my first smartphone, but I never realized what a phone could do. It's easy to use and there's thousands of apps you can download. All the features are wonderful and Swype is the fastest way ever to type. I haven't had any problems with my Lucid in the past six months that I've had the phone. I've never had a phone I enjoyed (or found as useful) as much as my LG Lucid!

You get what you pay for with the lucid. The first major flaw is the battery life. You need to charge it 2 times a day just to use it. The only way to save some battery is by disabling the data and turning your brightness all the way the down. Example: when i started writing this review i had 41% battery life. I'm now at 36%. Also the lucid tends to freeze. Alot!! Especially while texting. I would recommend you save your $50 (the price paid for my lucid) and buy a different phone.

First, let me say that I purchased the Lucid 2 through Verizon, a fact that may be important to readers here who want to read reviews only of products purchased through Amazon.  I am a very active Amazon customer but have a Verizon landline account; it was easy to move forward using my existing account.The Lucid 2 looks like a beautiful tablet.  It offers two modes:  a mode for the first-time smartphone user and a standard mode for the experienced user.  I chose the starter mode since I had not previously owned a smartphone.The hardest part of the learning process was inserting the SIM card.  You have to pop-open the back cover (also called the battery cover) using the same opening as the charger port.  A new user does not want to damage the charger port, and it takes a little patience to be sure that you are handling the delicate SIM card and the removal of the back cover with proper care.After inserting the SIM card and battery, one is instructed to charge the battery.  A blue light shows that the battery is charged.  At a later time, you can add a battery charging screen (three are available and are stored within the smartphone) so that you can view the progress of the charge.There are video tutorials stored within the smartphone and a very fine series of help screens located at Verizon.com under Support.The smartphone feels very much like a tablet.  I was able to watch movie previews by accessing the App (icon) to an online movie site.One of the main reasons that I wanted a smartphone was for weather-watching during hurricane season.  There are various ways to use Apps (icons) that are basically shortcuts to features that you wish to use.  The weather App also functons like a pop-up screen to give you instantaneous viewing of local time and temperature.  My primary interest is the tropics, however, and I am able to access [...] easily.  I will download the App from that site at a future time.By the way, you can use Voice to access sites on Google.  You can also use Voice to display the name of a person or a telephone number (that you had previously entered); you can then touch the name or number and then send the call.  Voice can be used for text-messaging as well.  As a young senior (age 63), I really like these Voice features.I own a Canon digital camera and did not buy the Lucid 2 for photography.  Those people who do use a smartphone for photography may wish to read reviews about this feature on Lucid 2;  my understanding is that three or four other smartphones might be a better choice if photography is one of your priorities when buying a smartphone.I have read some online, professional reviews that criticize the Lucid 2 as being plain from a design perspective.  I disagree.  One reviewer -- whose opinion matches mine -- said that the Lucid 2 is gorgeous.  It is.  It is elegant and fun to use.UPDATE:  I am having a lot of problems with freezing and lack of responsiveness.  A LOT of problems.

The battery life can be extended by turning off your location when not using the GPS and by not leaving windows open in the browser.That being said, this phone doesn't stand up to regular daily use. If I accidentally drop the phone a tiny bit (even just onto my dashboard when trying to get it into the GPS holder) the back falls off, the battery comes out, the SD card gets jangled and all my music playlists are lost. This has happened a lot. I've had many cell phones, and it's pretty common to drop them and have no damage other than cosmetic--scratches and small cracks.Also, the voice command never recognizes my voice when I'm driving. So as far as having a safe hands free GPS, this thing is worthless. Again, my last phone (Motorola's first Droid) worked great as a GPS.The transfer of photos from the phone to my PC is also quirky. My PC tries to import EVERYTHING when I just want to move a few photos from the phone to my computer.I called LG (these are issues with the phone--not Verizon--although the Verizon rep talked me into buying it) and the tech guy basically just told me that dropping a phone would always cause problems, that I'm not using the correct voice commands (I looked it up and guess what--I was using the correct commands) that I spoke too fast, too slowly, it didn't like my tone (ha ha ha) etc. He talked me through getting my pictures onto my PC by ONE by ONE opening every jpeg-labeled file in my phone until I found the pictures I wanted. Wow--really?--that's not my idea of user-friendly. It used to be simple--plug the phone in, see the pictures, select the ones you want, click transfer--done.I'm really disappointed. If the tech guy had been better I might forgive LG--I used to have an LG Chocolate phone--it was sturdy and didn't have all these issues. I guess I'm stuck with this stinker for another year and a half, then I'm going iphone for my next purchase.

The phone itself is not the issue, the issue is customer service at Verizon. To begin with I purchased this phone at a Verizon outlet in Waterford CT. Since I had a ferry to catch, after looking at the phone I told the salesman that I was interested but would pick one up later. He offered to set up the phone in less than 10 minutes and I agreed. Well, he installed the wrong SIM card.This turned into a nightmare.Once on Martha's Vineyard I called Verizon support on the 4th of July. The representative told me they could send out a SIM card but it would be better if I picked one up locally. There is no Verizon store on Martha's Vineyard but Radio Shack does have a location here. I thought it would be closed but the representative said she would call and verify if the store was open AND if they had a SIM card available. So I waited patiently for about 10 minutes while she did this. She got on the phone eventually and said she called, spoke to them, that they were open and they had a SIM card. So I drove up there in 4th of July traffic, which was horrendous. They were closed.So I went home, and called and requested that they ship a SIM card. The representative this time agreed but said that it would take several days. I asked to have it sent one day considering the frustrations I had. This could not be done, but at least they would send it.Later I received a voice message stating that she made a mistake and they could not possibly ship a SIM card.At this point I decided to return the phone within the 14 day return period as I had only had the phone for 3 days, it was never activated, and dealing with Verizon was pathetic.So I called and the representative said the only way to return the phone was in person to the store it was purchased in. I flipped out. They wanted me to take the ferry, return from Martha's Vineyard to Connecticut to a mall where the Verizon store was. We got into a heated exchange. Finally he stated that he cleared it with his boss and I could return the phone by mail or UPS by calling the store and arranging it with them. I said, fine, I'll pay the shipping just to get this phone out of my life. This of course was after another long wait while he found his supervisor and got an answer. So I asked him for the address of the store.This entailed another long process. Vertizon does not have the information for the purchase at the representative's fingertips and so he then has to get out of the program he is in, put you on hold for another 15 minutes, and then get you the data, but not before a long winded and complicated explanation as to why they do not have access to the information.Okay, fine, I get the phone number and address of the store. Of course it was on the receipt I had, but that was in the car with my wife who had gone shopping. In case you are wondering.Then I called the store. I told them I had cleared it with Verizon and I would like to ship it back to them. The clerk immediately said, no, you can not ship it here. You have to call customer service to make arrangements to sent it to Verizon. Well, I just went through an hour talking to Verizon and having them explain to me why exactly that is impossible.Is there a silver lining to this story?Well, yes, there is, his manager got on the phone with me after another wait, and we worked it out. I shipped it back via UPS and they will credit the phone to my credit card plus the shipping. Needless to say, I am not renewing my contract for service with Verizon. Their reps are automatons who do very well at being un-flappable but very poorly at customer service.

First of all I switched to Verizon because of good customer service. But this phone is not what its cracked up to be. I'm paying over 100 dollars a month and IM not getting everything I want out of a smart phone. First of all it is slow and stops in the middle of streaming videos. And second the apps can only be stored on the phone not a memory card therefore I can only have 4GB of apps which is defiantly not enough. And once the phone memory gets full you can't send out text messages. So all around this phone sucks.

I have had an lg lucid since May 2012.  Due to immediate issues I had to have it replaced under warranty two months after I got it. It started having the same issues a few weeks ago. The screen at the bottom often doesnt light up, which causes it not to move back and forth between home etc. It seems to struggle to type as fast as my fingers go. The constant freezing makes it so I have to reboot it multiple times a day. Today I tripped over my dog and fell. It hit the floor and the screen shattered. It actually works better now, but I dont think it is wise to use it with a shattered screen. If you are like me and seem to get lemon phones, dont get this one! It has some cool qualities, but it frustrates me on a daily basis with its freezing and the terrible battery life.

I have had this phone for almost 2 years and I am VERY UNHAPPY!! I have had nothing but problems! I had to get a new Lucid last month because of the problems that I have and am not available for an upgrade yet....3 more months!!Anyway, so I got another Lucid and within 3 weeks....another problem...back to Verizon tomorrow....I have had it!! Can not wait until March and get a new phone...perhaps an iphone!??

This is the first smartphone I've owned and I like it a lot. My boyfriend has an iPhone and in comparison I like the Lucid much better and it was much cheaper. The battery dies relatively quickly, but there are plenty of power saving options that don't affect the usage of your phone much but do greatly extend the battery life. The Lucid just upgraded to Android 4.0 and it is running very smoothly on the new operating system. This phone is sleek and slim and has a lot of great features on it. I would highly recommend this phone.

I've only had the Lucid for a few days, and I'm going to take one star off for when the honeymoon inevitably ends, but as of now, I can't find fault with this phone. It suits me perfectly.  It's nearly as flat as Razr, while being a lot less oversized.  I wanted a smartphone that looks and acts like a smartphone, all while fitting into any pocket.Lucid is running Gingerbread, which seems considerably faster and more stable than Froyo.  I would've liked a phone that ran Ice Cream Sandwich out of the box- updates play havok with my phones - but the Nexus seemed a bit cumbersome.Lucid's processor is fast, maybe not as fast as the top tier phones, but still plenty fast. It comes preloaded with a decent amount of apps and features - a phone widget for immediate dialing, Nav, Google Play Music, Book & Movie, and access to the app market Play Store.  Verizon threw in a few of their apps as well.  While these cannot be deleted, they don't take up tons of room, and are easily ignored.Phone quality is very good, much better than my older android phone, and it's nice having a face button for voice mail.  The front and rear cameras take decent pics and are easy to use.  Of course the best way to gauge if a phone is right for you is by giving it the hands-on test, give Lucid a shot.

I usually only consider HTC or Nexus phones but I had to pick a free phone for my upgrade. I looked at the Bionic and considered paying extra for a Razr but once I held this phone and actually used it I was won over. It is a shame this well designed and very capable phone has been panned by most reviewers. The speaker and LG propietary interface are the only detractors but are definitely serviceable.

Pros:- nice size- fastCons:- email app is horrible- Root'ed Wi-fi tethering apps currently only run in peer-peer mode.  (as of today)- ICS is coming.  (Do the needful LG!)The vast majority of the feature on this phone are comparable with my previous phone (Samsung charge).  However the email application's poor performance caused me to return it and switch back to the Charge.  There are two email features which absolutely BLOW on the Lucid.  If you have multiple email accounts, you can switch between them by using a pull-down menu to select the one you want.  In comparison to the tabs (which are always visible at the top on the Charge), the Lucid is more difficult to manage your email while driving.  The worst of the email application is the way the Lucid processes new messages.  If your email account has folders and you have rules setup to send new mail directly to a specific folder, the Lucid doesn't recognize this.  all messages show up lumped together.  I have 20+ folders with rules to manage incoming mail.  The Charge handled this beautifully and would allow me to view each folder separately.  The Lucid has no concept of folders other than those it had by default:  (inbox, outbox, trash, sent...).  It does not recognize custom folders you create period, which also means you cannot move a message to one of the custom folders.  I really wanted to like this phone, but the email was a deal breaker.  If LG does significant work on the email app in the next update I would reconsider switching back to the Lucid.From the apps I have found to enable wifi tethering, those which require root access only allow peer-peer wifi for the LG Lucid.  Perhaps after the phone has been out for a while, 3rd party apps will allow infrastructure wifi mode.

This is my 1st smartphone-had an 'old school' cell for awhile. All in all,it's a great value. There's some room for improvement-like the battery life is short. But, it's user friendly, fairly fast processor, & I think the camera is decent. I had bought another smartphone over the internet (& returned it because it was a pain to set up). With the LG, I spent about a half hour & had things set up & personalized the way I wanted it to be (ex.ringtone, etc). There are a few good pre-loaded apps that come in handy. The sound of calls is great; I'd recommend it.

The GPS never works, and yes it is turned on. The only time GPS works is when you are connected to WIFI.... kind of pointless when you're driving. Worthless piece of crap. When not using the phone the battery life will last for 18 hours. When making calls and texts it lasts 12 hours. When using apps you're lucky if it lasts 8 hours.It has been like this ever sense I have had it. I told Verizon as soon as I got it and they could care less. Worthless piece of crap!

I was so happy when this phone got stolen this morning, because I think that saved me two years of hell.  I could not believe anyone would design a cell phone this bad.  Yes, the battery life is short, but the worst thing by far was the keyboard.The touch sensitivity on the phone was horrible.  I had to smush every letter, pressing hard against the phone.  That still didn't stop the Autocorrect from randomly breaking up normal English words into two or three parts of unintelligible nonsense.  It inserts a space before punctuation and I found no way to turn this off without turning off spell check or hitting double space between every word.  Everything about the keyboard was counterintuitive, extremely annoying, and unchangeable.  I eventually downloaded a different keyboard which was even worse than the one that comes with the phone.  I had to type most words twice or up to five different times trying to get it to input correctly.  Google talk chat had a serious echo problem for the person on the other end. After only a few days with the phone I began to loathe using it to do anything.  Even the text messaging program pulled up friends' emails instead of their phone numbers and sent them emails instead of texts.  This defeats the purpose of having separate email and SMS clients and makes texting more complicated with friends who don't have smart phones.I think people have the impression that more features is always better.  But that's not true.  A simple, intuitive,reliable phone that does what you want it to and allows you to communicate without going insane is the real budget smart phone of the future.Luckily I had rooted my two year old Incredible 2 and installed a new ROM on it to hook it up to T Mobile.  I am so much happier with my old phone than that piece of trash.  Makes calls, texts, internet, GPS- and I can even successfully type English words on it!

I have had nothing but trouble with this phone since I got it 8 months ago.I've gotten one replacement phone and three sim cards from Verizon trying to resolve issues I've had since the start.I recently activated the mobile hotspot for an additional monthly charge from Verizon. Now I get "An error has occurred when activating this functionality" about half the time I try to use the hotspot. If it doesn't connect, I've found that if I remove the battery and sim card, wait a couple minutes and put it back together, the hotspot will work for some undetermined time and then I'll have to do it again. I've gone as little as five minutes up to an hour before having to redo it.I've also been getting 05 Communication erros with 2 bars and Error Code 1001 errors. I'm not sure what those signify.The data speeds are also terrible. I was told by Verizon tech support that my home is surrounded by towers and they don't know why my connection fluctuates from 3G to 4G back and forth. It also fluctuates between one and three bars without me moving the phone. My speed tests at home are normally UNDER 1 MBPS speeds up and down. Even when the phone is showing 4G. I rarely will get speeds above 2 MBPS up or down with this phone anywhere!I've never got four or five bars even inside a Verizon store where I was told they should have the strongest signal possible by tech support.Verizon offered to sell me a network extender for $150 to boost my signal at home and I told them that was unacceptable.Lately, I've been getting complaints that there is a lot of static when I'm talking to someone but I don't hear it.I'm stuck for another year plus with this POS so Verizon offered to give me a Samsung Galaxy Stellar, a Pantech Breakout or a Pantech Maurauder as an early upgrade. Unfortunately all these phones are three stars or under in the reviews, so it seems I'll be trading out one lousy phone for another.

I liked this phone.  Worked well and the battery life did not really bother me.  But less than a year old and it went crazy.  Constantly scanning through everything in the memory - even typing its own passwords over and over.  Could not even set to factory settings.  Luckily Verizon sent me a new refurbished one since it was under contract.  Now the same issue is happening to my husband's LG Lucid and it is past the warranty by a couple of months.  That phone should have been recalled - if it happened to both of us - it has happened to others.  We barely use the internet and have very little internal memory stored.

Worst phone ever made. Hate this thing. After charging all night long, battery lasts may be 4 hours but only IF YOU DON'T USE IT. God help you if you use it at all. Also, hyper sensitive to the touch. Just picking the damn thing up launches Intenet and all sorts of applications on its own. Terrible, terrible phone. Stay far away from this.

The LG Lucid is an excellent android device for a user of any level.  It's crisp 4.0 inch HD display rests behind a durable gorilla glass touchscreen that is highly responsive.  Some people have complained about the battery life on this phone but so far, I haven't experienced any problems with it and a charge can last me a full day with normal usage.  It has the 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich OS, massive 8GB internal storage, a speedy 1.2 mhz dual-core processor, a 5.0 MP rear-facing camera that is capable of recording brilliant HD videos, and a front facing vga camera that has a quality that is extremely high for its resolution.  Highly recommended and a great option.

Three months ago I let a salesman talk me into 'upgrading' from my HTC Incredible 2 (3G) to a LG Lucid (4G) at "no cost"... right. The cost of frustration quickly outweighed the 'free' purchase; in my humble opinion, the Lucid has a horrid user interface while its software is insufficient and not user friendly at all. When I made the switch to the Lucid, was visiting a VZW store with a friend and just hanging out as she upgraded her phone... so that's what I get for not doing research before purchasing.After just a month of using that Lucid, I tired of cussing at it and opted to get an HTC Droid DNA (thankfully, my wife's phone was ready for its 'new every two' upgrade and she nicely gave that upgrade to me as a Christmas gift). The DNA has been an outstanding replacement, and here is a summary of observations on the Lucid based on my experience with it as compared to other phones I have owned (Motorola Droid, Droid X, HTC Eris, HTC Incredible 2, and others):To start off, the Lucid seemed to have a tad smaller viewable screen area than the phone it replaced but the Lucid was noticeably heavier, and the sharp corners (not rounded at all like both the Incredible and the DNA are) became a literal pain in the #$%... I am just not a holster kinda guy, preferring to carry the phone in pocket, and the Lucid was just not comfortable to carry in pocket for me.Turning the Lucid on seemed way more time consuming than it should have been; thankfully I did not need to reboot it a lot. Once it did get up & running, the shortcomings really became apparent to me.Right away I realized that the user interface did not have LCD notification capability -- at least there was no way I could find to turn on an LCD blink to let me know of newly delivered email, text or even voicemail messages. What a pain. As a matter of fact, the phone's resident voicemail app would not connect with my VZW voicemail; instead, I searched the Google Play store for a decently rated voicemail app and downloaded it -- and only then could I access voicemail.In my opinion, email was not any better: The email setup process was seemingly more time consuming and less friendly than with other phones. I could not figure out how to setup the interface to allow interactive server connectivity to systematically remove email from the phone once removed from the host server... instead, every email had to be manually deleted from the phone. The interface did offer an integrated email Inbox either, so each email addy had to be individually reviewed and managed. Lastly, there was something seemingly just not right about the Lucid's ability to retrieve emails at all; it would not go get them and push them to the phone unless I manually did the following, in order: Manually activate Mobile Data, wait for the 4G indicator to appear, manually activate Sync, and then hit Refresh. Yikes...Texting with the Lucid was OK -- the virtual keyboard felt fairly small and induced more typos from my stocky fingers, and the touchscreen alignment seemed a bit finicky. This led to more than a few interesting auto-spellcheck corrections... one of which I initially had to apologize to a neighbor's wife for, but has since become the 'butt' of neighborhood jokes.  I like to keep texts in simple, threaded order and that is where the Lucid's resident app just failed as it would only show texts in the 'great for a preteen's use' bubble-speak format. Really...?Another pet peeve for me is that LG decided to place the on/off button on the right side of the phone, and I was always accidentally hitting it or getting it confused with other switches (like volume). That placement was just a pain for me.OK -- so the concerns above were enough to make me not like the phone, but the next two made it completely unacceptable:Battery life of the Lucid seemed non-existent; out of the box I got about 4 hours total up-time before having to recharge, and that was without any real usage. Seriously. After installing my favorite Easy Battery Saver application, I got 6 to 8 hours max. Yep, really. Then I turned the Lucid's screen brightness down to its lowest level and that extended battery life to 12 or more hours (but hey, who needs to be able to read the screen anyway...)  I had a second USB cable that fit this phone and had to take that cable to work in order to tether the Lucid to my work laptop... just to make it through the day. Not much fun.Based on feedback I received, the call quality experienced with my Lucid was seemingly not up to par with other phones I have used. People generally noted that I sounded distant and muffled, and to me most of them sounded somewhat tinny. Signal strength, based on the phone's indicator, was much lower than experienced with my other phones.  When comparing with my family's phones (when all in our home) and with colleagues' phones (in and around the office), I always had one or two bars less signal strength than others and most were Verizon customers too.Was there anything good about this phone? Yes -- it played music nicely and I liked a couple of the ringtones that were preloaded.Glad to have switched.

by: softballallstar7  date: september 9 2013I purchased the lucid LG because I needed a phone that was inexpensive, but still works!  I recommend the Lucid LG to everyone that has a low budget or for a little one thats not too little anymore for their  first phone!The Lucid LG comes in two colors: purple and black, I have the purple one and it works like a charm.  plus its super cute!  It has lots of space, and can download almost everything.I had one bad experience with the lucid.  It broke down once so I would get insurance on it.  But other than that its perfect, yeah it freezes every once in awhile, but what phone doesn't!  What did you think that it was just a perfect phone?!It might not be a product like the iphone. But i could work like the iphone.  It pretty much has the same apps....But, it costs way less.  Think about it how much does the iphone cost way more than a Lucid.I recommend this phone to everyone that can use an inexpensive  phone!!!!

I seldom am inclined to 'jump the gun' when it comes to writing a critical or scathing review owing to a compulsion to try to be as objective and fair minded as possible. However, after 7 months of ownership of the LG Lucid I can only concur that it is seriously flawed in a number of crucial areas. Yes, the price is nice and mine was a 'freebie' owing to a 2 year contract renewal so I suppose I got what I paid for... Nothing.Issues are numerous: Wifi that malfunctions intermittently, near constant freezing, inability to make phone calls due to faulty dialer operations, short battery life, etc. The shortcomings are legion and I cannot believe this phone is even considered marketable under any circumstances. Perhaps I have a faulty model? Judging from the other reviews here, I can see that I am not alone with my problems and may try to get a replacement and see if things improve. But for the time being, the one star rating allocated is fully and completely deserved.

Overall:  Really fantastic smart phone with a smaller still palmable form factor with a lot of great features.Pros:Brilliant screen.Great camera on front with flash, alright forward facing camera (for taking self portraits.)Not too big, not too thick.Cons:Battery life isn't great (it is still a touchscreen android)GPS locator isn't too precise, even in 4G network coverage...It has a great speaker for listening to music if you so choose but also for the speakerphone. Unfortunately, they put it on the back.  This means for best quality you obviously have to turn the phone upside down on it's brilliant face, and this is odd because now you can't see who you're talking to or use the keypad without holding the phone. Maybe it's just me, but the only reason I really use speakerphone is for multi line meeting calls and hands free functionality. Using my hands to flip over the phone repeatedly to hear or accept incoming calls seems a bit contrary to usability.Bottom line:It's a great phone, with good call quality and the wonderful Android OS. It processes all with ease and seamless transition, which is nothing short of impressive for this little phone. If you're going for a smartphone or a new android, I would recommend.Compared to Black Berry..-It's way easier to use.Compared to iPhone..-iPhones do have better battery life than this particular model.  This is the only advantage.  The LG is also significantly lighter.

I've had the LG Lucid for almost 2 weeks already and so far i have to say this is a pretty decent phone for the price. Currently you can get this phone for either 30 bucks or almost free. Usually phones like this are usually bad phones, but the LG Lucid is an exception. With a Dual Core and 1G of Ram it makes this phone pretty snappy fast. The loading time from when you turn it on is pretty decent. The screen is not huge but its not small either, and the 4G network is pretty decent.CONS:Some people might complain about the fact that it does not come with an SD card and yea its a bummer however you can a decent card here on amazon for real cheap.Battery life....Yes the battery is not the best and i wish it would last longer, however i knew that ahead of time and i feel that almost all the phones, with some exceptions (iphone, Droid Razzr Maxx and others) will have battery issues. Plus you have to keep in mind that the more you do with your phone the quicker the battery will drain. So if you plan on gaming on your phone, or always texting, or browsing the net at all times then you might want to consider buying something else, or you can always get a battery pack! Which is what i did. Bought one here on Amazon for about 20 bucks, best 20 bucks spent in my life, can charge my phone twice on it. So think about doing that, it still beats getting a larger battery for twice the price.Call Quality: Not sure if this is me only but the quality does seem a little odd at times, i've had people tell me that they sometimes have a hard time hearing me and i do have to say that on speaker there is a little cracking on the voice. I don't really think is anything major, and i hope it stays that way.Bloatware: While some of the apps that came pre-loaded were some that i used (google apps, Netflix) others are just JUNK. This is probably the only real thing i hate and wish bot the company (Verizon) and the manufacturer(LG) would stop putting bloatware or at least let us remove themPROS:Dual Core Processor1GB Ram4 Inch ScreeCamera, Decent picture quality and video quality plus front and back cam's4G/3G supportAndroid 2.3 SystemOverall i have to say that this is a decent phone for the money, and if you are looking to get a new phone that has 4G and that is pretty fast and at an affordable price, then go for this one, but be warned that the battery is not the best, and again i would recommend getting a battery pack.

I hate, hate, hate this phone.  Price non-withstanding.  I have three issues with the phone, all of which are unacceptable to me.  I use the phone moderately, meaning that I get or receive perhaps 5-7 calls/day, and I spend about 30 minutes a day playing "Words with Friends".  Issue 1:  I have to keep this phone charged constantly, meaning that I keep it charged any time I'm home and often in the car if we're driving any distance from home.  The claim by Verizon (where I got the phone) that it gets 12 hours from one charge have not proven true for me.  I did everything I could with the settings to extend the battery life, without success.  I can almost watch the battery indicator decreasing each time I use the phone.  Issue 2:  When you get a call on this phone you have to swipe the face of the phone to access your call.  Fully 70% of the time, I have to continue to swipe, swipe, swipe and swipe before I can access the call, and in fact, there have been several occasions when the caller hung up before I could access the call.  Issue 3:  In my home (which has full wireless service) I can only rarely get a connection for the internet.  I don't have this problem in the car, but if I want internet service at home, I don't use my phone.  I got this phone for $50...when the retail price is said to be 10X this?  No wonder.  This phone is a real disappointment for me.  I will say that the problem with the phone has nothing to do with my Verizon Wireless service, which I love.

I was told this phone was awesome and a wonderful phone to have.  Plus with it being free at that time (with 2 year renewal), I couldn't pass it up.I should have.Within the first couple months, the battery started to die rather quickly.  It would already be below 50% within 4-5 hours.  Then the LG Keyboard kept crashing on me.  I took it in and they told me to clear out the caches, which I did.  But the problem kept happening.Now, I am months away from my 2 year window and after waking up 3 hours ago, my phone is down to 11%.  I made 3 calls.  I constantly have to keep it charging.Want some more reasons to not get it?  It freezes up, it is slow in loading anything (especially text messages) and lags on a lot of things.I would happily give this phone a 0 star rating if I could.

I've had thusly hone since October at first I loved it. It's performance is mediocre. the battery drains way to quickly. the dual-core processor and one gig of ram is nice but it is almost as fast as my droid incredible from 2010. It constantly lags with the keyboard the phone even auto updated its soft ware getting rid of my root. Do not get this phone get a razr or s3.

can I  give it 0 stars had this phone for 18 months now it wont charge unless at a certain angle and all. powers down randomly gets super hot suick horrific battery don't get this phone whatever u do. it dosent ring or vibrate half the time which is annoying its just awful all around don't get it.

I like the phone but I am constantly charging it.  Even if I don't use it at all, it is dead in less than 5 hrs.  I've checked with my provider, Verizon, and they say that there are no programs draining it.  I miss calls and texts because it powers off and shuts down.  Very frustrating.
