
What should you expect from the LG Xpression?  Know before you go.I regularly use the text, call, MP3 player, calender/planner, memos, audio record, and camera.  Had it for two months.I give it 2.5 out of five stars and recommend it if you want a- "free phone"  more than you want a high-functioning gadget.- only use text and call- don't mind pocket dialingThe gory details:Pros- CONVERSATION VIEW (as it ought to always be) texts are displayed with the entire history of your texting with that contact, which rules.  it puts the message in the context of the larger back and forth of the conversation, so you can easily scroll-up with the flick of your thumb and see what was said in previous messages.- GOOD RECEPTION (again, as it ought to be . . .) texts and calls through thick walls- phone and text functions work- No data plan- PHYSICAL Camera BUTTON (as it always ought to be) works at reasonable speed and doesn't look too bad.- Standard headphone-jack (as god intended) u can use your regular headphones to block-out the rest of the people on the bus so that you can go home and watch TV on the internet and read this review.- touch screen "feels" great, it's responsive and fast whenever phone is not frozen (see below).CONS:- EXPECT DELAYS in all non-basic function areas -music player esp.- FREEZES inXplicably for 10-20 seconds maybe once a day, sometimes more.- MUSIC PLAYER SLOWNESS & FLAWS: with 1800+ songs and it's VERY SLOW and gives you a "LOADING . . ." screen for literally 30-60 seconds (no Xaggeration) when you start the "app". Then another 15-25 seconds before you can use the (genuinely helpful) search feature. Plus, the phone limits you to 2000 songs (yes a 32GB card will work . . . as long as you only use about 1/8 of it for music.)  aaaand it doesn't know %90 of the artists names or album titles making it basically only good for shuffle (which is mostly what I use it for, in case you're interested).- ALARM(s) WON'T WAKE PHONE, none of the phone's 3 alarm apps (yes, three separate alarm apps) will wake the phone from being completely off (which every phone ought to do), so if you want the alarm to go off in the morning, you have to leave it on all night, risking battery-death and close-quarters cell-vibes to your dome-piece (brain).- CONSTANT FACE DIAL - when I talk on the phone I often find that my face has swiftly: hung up on my call, re-written some random's contact information, put my call on hold (still no success in ever coming back from hold once there: I can't find the button? I guess I'm getting old.) and begun calling someone else.  My face and this phone love to taunt me.- CONSTANT POCKET DIAL - it's much too easy to unlock the phone by accident and it has no type-a-code-to-unlock feature (only a code to type in if you change sim cards which is very rare) a friend who has the same phone says they also pocket dial people all the time and at very unfortunate times.- CLOCK is only on certain screens instead of always visible, if you want to know what time it is you may have to navigate to find a clock.- no CALENDER CALLs, you can't be on a call and look at your calender, so someone asks you on a date, you have to be all "let me check my calender and then call you back . . ."-Audio Recorder is okay but you must CONVERT the files (and download a file converter if you don't have one) to listen in itunes because the Xpression records in some crazy non-universal file format.-CALENDER reminders just say: "a reminder is happening" but you have to unlock the screen, and click to find out what it is, instead of it just telling you in the initial dialog.  and the mysterious reminders disappear fast so it's easy to miss them if you didn't feel the buzz the first time.- FYI you cannot change your ringtone so I hope you like "At&T; PlayOn" or vibrate. Yep, to date, I've never been able to change my ringtone because: every time i select the ringtones the phone says "loading . . ." for literally TWO AND A HALF MINUTES (for real, no joke, i just tested it for this review) and then the screen goes black and displays the LG symbol for 30 seconds or so in a process that takes over 3 MINUTES and yields zero results.-the qwerty buttons aren't my favorite either, but therapy is helping me increase my coping skills.L,B

Recently purchased this phone and I did no research before hand.  My mistake.  I went from an older phone (7 yrs older) to this LG Xpression.  Old phone -I could connect to my laptop via USB and manage contacts and photos easily.  To do this on the new phone I need to purchase a media card because the LG is incapable of connecting as easily as my old Nokia.I did not want to change phones but my Nokia finally had structutal issues however after seven years I got my money's worth out of it.I just did not think that a newer phone would be less capable than my old standby.  I will try the media card but if it is not very very easy and inexpensive I may just go back to my old phone and tape the back on so it stays........Very disappointed.

Phone lasted barely a year, just long enough to exceed warranty.  AT&T; rep refused to help.  Just sell sell sell....  Refused to pay $150 for a phone that breaks in 12.5 months.  The phone has never been dropped, gotten wet or damaged in any way shape or form.  Guys at AT&T; store said it was in &#34;pristine&#34; condition.  Rep gave them a sales pitch, too.  Been with AT&T; for 15 years, had last phone for 8 years (also LG).  Obviously, LG's quality has gone south and AT&T; is losing yet another customer.This is actually my personal phone.  Company phone is droid from AT&T.;  Have a feeling IT Mgr (me) will switching our 42 phones to a new plan in October.  The air cards renew in December.  Checking into whether we can pull the iPads.  Bye-bye.When this phone craps out on you, pick up an AT&T; Go Phone at Walmart for half the price, plug in SIM card and demand (2nd AT&T; rep) do whatever they

Sadly, I really dislike this phone. I do usually like LG phones, but not this one. I got it a few months ago, liked it at first because of the keyboard feature, but now I'm online shopping for a new phone.  The keyboard buttons are tiny and hard to push. I'm a girl so I don't have big fingers.  The touch screen sucks. Sometimes it takes me at least 5 tries to open a multimedia message because I can't get it to hit the tiny spot! And every time you miss it, it closes the message.  Also the picture quality is poor.  And you have to have it at just the right angle to even see your picture clearly.  You can't send video messages either, even when under 10 seconds.  When making a phone call, the screen automatically locks.  This is annoying if you want to put it on speaker right away or something. The clock thing is inconvenient.  It is a little box on the home screen, and you can't see it unless you're on the home screen. Anyway, I'm disappointed. If anyone knows of a good relatively inexpensive similar type phone, please let me know!

It looks and works great until you realize that once you fill the tiny memory allocated to texting you will have to delete texts every day to get new ones.  All obvious solutions fail:1) can't make the phone push texts to the microSD card2) can't find software to back up texts3) only two options for deleting textsa) one at a time (in a really painful way such that menu to delete then you get the chance to delete one text before getting kicked back to regular menu so you have to go through menu again for each text delete)b) delete a whole conversationFor kids that want to keep some text history this means a big time sink each day while they go through the tedious process or pruning to stay under the TINY 300kb limit (that is about 500 messages WITH NO PICTURES).Seriously LG.  Improve the software if you want this to be a phone for today's texters.  It can't be that hard.

The phone seems to be built fairly well. Most of the features seem to work well. There are two major problems with the telephone in my opinion. The first is it redials the last number you have dialed while in its case or in your pocket very often. I have found no way to stop this. The second major problem to me is that the screen locks immediately after you dial a number. If you unlock it to enter a number on a auto-attendant menu, it locks again before you can hear the next audio menu information. As it locks the screen, the dial pad also disappears. That means you must unlock the screen then bring up the dial pad just to enter a single number for a menu choice. The occurs at every step of the menu and is REALLY frustrating. There is no way to turn this off.

great phone for the kids has all the things you need. i only wish i could figure out how to lock features out

can't carry in my pocket at work without pocket dialing or actuating some other function on the phone and i don't like the slide keyboard.

I would never consider another LG after this phone, touch screen is a joke I have small fingers 6 ring size. when touching an icon another would open. texts didn't come thru. online is a joke on this kept giving internal server errors. no text templates. then when you could get online it was not view able or only in a text format. Didn't take downloaded ring tones. I actually have a list of 14 things I didn't like about it. but even after taking it into the ATT store 3 times they were frustrated no one could help with the problems.

I'll admit, I'd rather have a smart phone... But that's mostly because having an iPod touch and a cell phone can be a tad weird. I've had this phone for about two months now... And I know that most people say that you should get a case, when in reality, I drop this thing at least once a day, like knocking the battery out and everything and the phone it's just fine minus a couple of nicks in the finish.As for the keyboard, the buttons are easy to press more than once, meaning that I'll end up with a message like this, "I'llll be tthere soon." However, having them not as protruding as some phones, it's easy to slide your fingers across and get out a message.The touch screen is nice and I enjoy the accuracy. Now, call me an abuser of my phone, but I text while I'm in the shower, and the phone has still kept up. I remember having the touch screen on one of my previous LG phones just completely stop working.In some areas it is very slow and likes to take its time thinking. But, it's a good alternative to your mp3. One thing I don't particularly enjoy is that it stops the music to play over your notification sounds. But, it does rewind a few seconds so that you remember where in the song you are.I have noticed quite a few glitches. One of them being that in the texting app, it'll sometimes label the conversations by their phone numbers rather than by the contact name. But scrolling a little usually fixes it. Another one I noticed that I recently had to fix was that a text message pretended to be there and it couldn't delete it and so the only way I fixed was to completely reset to factory settings. Thank heaven I had my contacts and data on external places.Another glitch is that when you listen to music, sometime it likes to convince you that it can't find the data for your messaging app and he only way to fix it is to turn the phone off and back on. And finally, I've had it just randomly restart on me. For absolutely no reason.Overall it's a nice phone, and it's way better than the flip phone I had previously, but it does have its issues which I hope will be fixed sometime soon.

this is a pretty good dumb phone. i think. it is my first cell phone, so... hhere are a couple of minor flaws. screen locks too fast, limited data, annoying for text messages, have to keep dial tone on to access voicemail, sometimes text conversations only show number when you have contact info for it, sometimes randomely turns off and back on,but otherwise good for texting. hope this helps!

My son tells me not to buy a phone expecting it to be a music player. But I was hopeful here and wanted text and no data plan. Unfortunately he was right. As another reviewer notes, don't expect to use a 32 gig card and load, say 3000 songs. Refuses to create lists of songs, artist or album. Shuffle frequently repeats and must be worked around. A T and T sent 2 replacements and now replacing with a Motorola Atrix HD. Great battery life on Xpression and works OK as a text device with limits noted. I thought the limited data feature (Email, weather news) was clunky to use.  Would not recommend this device.

As a person who has had many phones, there have been many that I liked and some that I was not all that crazy about.  When my Samsung Rugby III flip phone fell in the washing machine and I had to buy a replacement, I chose the LG Xpression. I'm glad that I did.  I really like how the phone screen will lock automatically when you make or receive a call.  The slide out QWERTY keyboard is a plus and I like the physical buttons for sending and ending a call, as well as the physical button to cancel and go back.  The touch screen is pretty responsive and audio quality is clear.  The speaker phone could be better, but it works alright. I think the phone is pretty durable.  I have dropped it a few times on my wood floor and the phone has worked fine.  The slider mechanism feels solid and the microphone on this phone is positioned in a way better spot than on my old Samsung Evergreen.  If you are someone who does not want a smart phone, but wants a physical keyboard phone, this would probably work for you.  I recommend it.

The LG Xpression is a nice departure from the super-gadget smart phones. When I just need to make a quick call or text, this phone is superb.  It feels sturdy, looks great, and has a user-friendly keyboard. My only problem to date, has been a scarcity of accessories, which will resolve itself as time passes.  it is a reliable backup to my android device, but would also be a good addition as a stand-alone-phone.  I recommend it  highly.

I love this phone. But I lose connection all the time. I even turn it off like the rep told me too the bars come back but after awile. Does anyone else have this problem?

Overall design is nice. I don't do a lot of texting so any limitation to doing so doesn't bother me. What does bother me, is the touch screen sensitivity. I have a hard time scrolling through my contacts without bringing one into the calling cue. It makes pocket dialing a given so I can't put it in my pocket. Also, I wish the alarm volume was louder. Currently, I take my SIM card out at night and put it in an OLD Razor. That alarm will wake the dead. I'd sleep right through the LG's. For a free phone it's hard to complain but the function issues are hard to get around

This was a great basic phone for me. I personally am not a huge social person, and really just needed a cell phone to send text messages and for emergencies (I am a 27 year old female, btw). It worked perfectly for me and I got it for a penny at AT&T! I personally have a brand loyalty with LG. Everything I've ever owned from them has been great quality. I loved this phone specifically because of the qwerty text messaging keypad and because it has a tip calculator (I love the ease of just using it, especially when splitting the bill with friends!). The camera wasn't all that good, especially if I emailed the pictures to my computer. I no longer use this phone, it's just sitting in my desk drawer. That's because I ended up getting a job for a non-profit where I work from home and needed a smartphone for Grasshopper phone answering services. If I had not gotten that job, I am sure I'd still be using this phone.

The touch screen is too sensative,no way to adjust. Other than that great. Like bright red color. Buttons okay size.

Can I buy this phone here and it not affect my plan at all? I will just put my sim card that I have now in it and it pick up everything and just replace my old phone. Is that how it works? Just replace the sim card?

About 2 months ago, I went to a dealer to take advantage of the "free" upgrade to my cellphone.  My 7-year-old Motorola Razr was wearing out and becoming obsolete, and I was looking for a phone where I could text, make calls and take pictures.  It seemed like the LG Xpression was the phone for me.I've had it for almost 2 months now, and the results are a mixed bag.  The rundown:THE GOOD-It's very sturdy, attractive-looking and I love the brick-red cover.-It's very compact and can fit easily into a pocket or purse.-The camera is very easy to use and takes good pictures.-The slide-out QWERTY keyboard is easy to use and perfect for texting.THE BAD-The touch screen pad is very sensitive, and you cannot activate it with anything other than your fingers (which includes pencil points or eraser tips).  If you either press too hard on it - or don't hit the keys at the right point - it does not enter the correct figure.  This can be extremely frustrating if you're trying to make a call or use the calculator.-The auto-lock screen can be very frustrating if you don't use your cellphone for 5 seconds or longer.  Even though you can slide it to unlock, it is annoying when you're waiting for a voicemail prompt - only to have it lock up on you before you can enter the correct number!THE UGLY-The dealer told me you could upload pictures directly from the phone into your computer by using the USB cable.  I tried that and it kept giving me the message "Insert Memory Card for Connecting as Mass Storage."  I saw nothing in the instructions as to how to override this problem.  I finally had to call AT&T; - who told me I had to purchase a separate USB MicroSD memory card in order to upload the pictures (something the dealer neglected to tell me!).  Had I known that I was going to have to purchase a separate memory card apart from the phone to upload pictures, I probably never would have purchased it!If you want a sturdy, compact phone that's good for texting - and can overlook the very obvious flaws - then this might be the phone for you.  Otherwise, I would pass on it.

I purchased the phone for my wife as she wanted phone with a slide out keypad. I got it as advertised in 2 days. Amazon even sent a free car charger with it. Out of the box she loved the phone. It does feel slick as some other posters mentioned but i dont think youll need a case to avoid dropping it. It is a 3G phone with decent camera for emergencies/moments you dont want to miss. I am a fan of having a camera phone if you ever get into a car accident. take lots of pictures. This will not replace a point and shoot camera by any means but it will suffice. it also records video. It has a headphone jack on the top and a spot to add microSD for music. i added a 1GB from an old phone i had and my wife has music on it already. the media player has a simple interface and lets you listen over the speaker if you dont have headphones in. the user interface is simple and smartphone like with 3 screens to slide between. homescreen is the widget screen add what you want(clock, calendar, media player, message reminder, and notes) is what my wife has on it now.This phone has no games installed on it but has a folder to add some. Batter life is great. and sound quality is very good. Better than my mother in laws Samsung Evergreen. she does not like that phone. so if your comparing the 2. this one is better.my one gripe is they sent it with a bad battery. got it plugged it in came back 2 hours and unplugged it. it had 3 bars. fully charged. later than night the phone wouldnt turn on. i plugged it in and the screen lit up showing LG logo. never turned on. I took it to an ATT store and the lady said the battery was no good. she opened a box for a new phone and gave me that battery. no problems since. like i said the phone is amazing. i would have given it 5 stars except for the battery problem which was easily fixed by battery swap. i have already recommended amazon wireless to friends and family. as the price is amazing. to get the same phone from att online it would have been $50 after mail in rebate. i paid a penny and got hooked up with a car charger. with the 2 day wait.  hope this review helps those looking into getting this phone.  oh yeah it does have a gps built in but i dont use it because you have to pay extra to AT&T; when you do.

Update 04/04/13: See K Montgomerey's comment to my review - although I've been hoping for a firmware update, DON'T INSTALL IT until LG confirms that they've cleared the bugs.--------------One of the maddening things about AT&T; is that if you connect a smartphone to their system (and they catch you), you automatically get upgraded to a data plan.  So if you don't want a data plan, you need to find a "dumbphone" that they will allow on their network without a plan.The LG Xpression is about halfway between a smartphone and a dumbphone, and is made for people who want to send text messages but not to use a data plan.  It runs a few apps and looks android-ish (but is not android), has a sliding keyboard, a touchscreen, and is pretty good.  I got this for my daughter, who is a serious texter but doesn't need a data plan, and so far she seems pretty happy.(Update: After several weeks, my daughter asked me to drop this to three stars because of some design flaws -- see below).What I like:- For the price (currently free with plan), it's pretty good.  It plays music, takes pictures, sends SMS and MMS messages, and can run a few apps.- Texting is pretty good.  It has a slider keyboard, and arranges text exchanges into conversations by sender.- Connecting to a computer is well designed.  When you connect to a PC through the micro-USB charging port, you get options to mount the phone as an external storage device (requires memory card), to sync music, or to use the PC for an internet connection.  I haven't finished testing that last option, but really appreciate it --assuming it works, it means that we can get to the AT&T; app store without buying a data plan.- For a free phone, the operating system isn't bad.  You can customize the home screen with "widgets" like android, so you have little windows on the home screen from different apps.- It does have a basic web browser and some social media apps for things like facebook, and is eligible for AT&T;'s discount data plan, so if you want to buy data, it's functional.  (At that point, though, I might look at the basic android phones -- their data plan is a little more expensive, but they're a lot more functional).What could be better:- The keys are pretty flat, so they don't give you the same feeling as a blackberry.- The texting length limit is odd -- the first text in a conversation can be any number of characters, but when replying to a text, the phone stops accepting additional characters after 160.  (160 characters is the actual limit for SMS text messages -- phones that accept more than that actually break the messages into multiple texts that the phone on the other end then puts back together.  There's no good reason to limit the length of replies, so maybe this will get fixed in upcoming firmware updates).- The display and camera are both a little behind the modern standards, although they would have been great a few years back.  A 2 megapixel camera won't blow anyone away, but is enough to take some pictures as needed.- Compatible apps are limited.  From a quick review of the AT&T; app store, there are few if any free apps other than demos, and even paid apps are limited.- It's missing some of the features from more expensive phones, like GPS, FM Radio, or WiFi.  Still, for a texting device and phone, it's great.Other notes:- The look of the phone is probably more suited to teens and young adults, which is appropriate for a texting phone.  It's fire engine red and feels plastic-y with a swooped pattern on the back cover.In my opinion, it's a big step up from my daughter's last texting phone, and I recommend it.Update 8/15/12:  Over the past few weeks, my daughter has two new texting complaints.First, the phone only allocates 300kb to store texts.  In fact, even if you add a memory card, there's no way to expand the space allocated to storing texts.  It took several weeks to reach that limit, but now my daughter has to delete texts every day to stay under the limit.  Worse, there's no way to mark multiple (but not all) texts in a conversation for mass deletion, and no easy way to copy the texts over to our home computer for storage.Second, the phone is erratic about when it recognizes the sender for a text conversation.  Some conversations are identified by the sender name in the texting app, but some are identified by phone number some of the time, by name other times.  (For example, if she exits and reenters the texting app, a conversation that was labeled by phone number the first time may be identified by the contact name the second time).Maybe those issues will get addressed in firmware, but for now, we're downgrading this to a lukewarm recommendation for heavy texters.

I have this phone new for 14 days and noticed some headaches already comparing to my iphone 4 (LG expression is our second family phone). But I finally gave it up after noticing that its touch screen does not work for dialing number while on an automated phone call. Its clock is poorly designed, its camera is overly sensitive to be turned on, and its locked screen can NOT be sent to be never locked (contrary to what the setting provides),..., there are lots of bad malfunctioning of this phone I could just easily list it here.It is a bad phone, poorly designed. Do not buy it !

I got this phone back in May and I like it. I mostly use it for Bluetooth internet tethering to my Android mp3 player. Battery life is eh. Just add the 10 bucks a month unlimited internet and this phone will be great.

Best phone I ever had.  I got this phone and it texts quickly with the qwerty board and I can hear really well.  Good reception

I recently switched to ATT and went from an LG Rumor to this.  So far, I haven't liked it too much. Connecting my bluetooth was easy. I have had nothing but frustration on trying to sync it with my computer, then I can't use any of my audio files as ringtones.  I have not been able to easily figure out how to set contact id pictures that will actually show up when the person calls or set individual ring tones.  When one of my contacts calls it just shows thier number, not thier name until I have the missed call window.  All these things were a breeze with my rumor!  I guess I am going to have to go and download the 300 page instruction manual to see if these things are even possible on this phone.  I love having to read large manuals becuase the phones aren't easy enough to be used by everyone.Don't get me wrong, as far as a phone goes, it has been okay.  I can send and recieve picture messages with no problem, only took several tries to figure out how to save them to my SD card.  Getting the SD card in and out is not as easy as my rumor either.  I have to take the entire back case off.  Another disappointment is the after market cases, since it is a slider there really are no good cases for these kinds of phones, but I like having the full keyboard.  I tried the touch screen keyboards on others and just cant do it.  my fingers are too clumsy I guess.  I also do not like the lock on the phone becuase it never stays locked.  I put it my back pocket and have yet to have it stay completly locked.  Haven't figured out if I can change the locking/unlocking method either.  Back to the maunual!On a bright note, it has been dropped several times and has held up, so that is a major, major plus for me!

When I first got this phone, my son immediately wanted one too, so I ended up getting him one. If there is a complaint, it is that it doesn't come in other colors. (My son would prefer it if mine were blue, so they wouldn't be exactly alike.) However, it is a great phone for basic calling & texting. It's sturdy too: I've dropped mine several times onto asphalt & concrete, which has resulted in nothing more than a few minor scratches & one very small chip. I could probably make it look just like new in 5 minutes, with an artist's brush and a bit of red enamel paint.

First of all the camera is horrible. The pictures are blurry. The phone calls are okay except that the phone automaticly locks. Every thing else is ok so I give it a 3 out of 5.

Got this phone from AT&T in Bardstown Ky. It dropped calls, sounded tinny, calls would not go through, talking was crackly. It was a piece of junk. We took it back and had to pay a $35 restocking fee. It's not right for AT&T to sell junk and then charge to take it back.

Not only was I lied to about the cost, they did not send a quick start guide and when asked, she was told she'd have to get that from &#34;LG&#34; and when she called them they told her &#34;she wouldn't understand it&#34;Now we have a useless phone that continues to cost more and more every day. First it was &#34;buy a full data plan for $!0 a month... So I gave in. Then she was told she had to pay $5 a month (first month free!) of email service. Now she still has no way of accessing the email, even after hours spent with AT&T.;She is in a nursing home, cannot leave the home &#8212; in Denison, Texas I doubt there is even a store that sells phones.This has become a horrid disaster for all involved. I fault AT&T; for much, but to not add a QUICK START GUIDE because it is THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PHONE OWNER TO GET ONE FROM LG ...She just wanted a way to send email and take a few pictures.Now we are stuck with at two year piece of cr*p.Thanks, LG and AT

I like the phone but I don't know how to use or where to find the buttons for words like girl in spanish all I can write is nina or love is carino how do I put the squiggly line on top of the n?

AnAnd it is only for one cent I love and my kid does toShe loves it for her birthday

I got this phone for free because AT&T; was upgrading their service in our mostly rural area, and they sent me a letter saying that my old flip phone wouldn't work well pretty soon. I thought it was too good to be true, and actually, I got texting and internet connection free, which I'd never had before. BUT - this phone is terrible! I thought it was me. It's the first touch-screen phone I've owned, and I am extremely tech savvy for my age (and for a lot of other, younger people's ages as well) but this phone had me questioning whether I was losing my cognitive abilities until I read other reviews at various sites. The screen blacks out too quickly, the phone makes calls on its own while you are talking to someone else (I thought maybe my earring had touched the screen and activated my contacts...), things appear randomly on the screen when you haven't touched it, and so on.BUT HERE'S THE SOLUTION! I called AT&T; and a very savvy customer service rep said: Go to WalMart, buy a GoPhone, and take your LG to the AT&T; store. They will switch your sim card into the GoPhone and it should be free. I figured I'd give the LG Xpression a little more time to behave, but it really helps knowing I can ditch it someday if I can't stand it anymore.

DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!! I chose this phone a little less than a year ago. I was happy with it at first, but now I just strongly DISLIKE it!!! The keys on the keyboard are SO small, making it very difficult to text. Every so often the screen will just freeze, and I will have to restart the phone. The time is set up weird so if you are writing a text, or on a different screen other than the home screen, you cannot see what time it is. This is very inconvenient. PLUS, it is so thick that it slides right out of my pocket. The overall design of the phone is very basic and not efficient at all. The screen is very small, and I just DON'T LIKE IT! I could go on, but I STRONGLY RECOMMEND YOU DO NOT CHOOSE THIS PHONE!

I got this phone through at&t but 3 months later the phones screen went black and white. It was almost as if there was a huge ink spot inside the screen. They wouldn't let me return it because they said I damaged it when I hadn't done anything to it. So be very careful with it otherwise it worked decent. But look around before buying the cheapest phone because you'll be screwed in the end.

Hi everyone. As of today I see 2 positive reviews for this LG Xpression Phone.And you are basing it on phone features, design, and the fact that it's good phone without requirement of Data Plan. For specifics reason that I will list below, I am a Motorola fan. Nobody has talked about specifically what is most important in any phone is how strong is a signal (not just in one specific area), and also how good is a clarity of this LG phone.Last weekend I went to AT&T; store to test the phone, and I made a few calls to test the clarity, and it was terrible (comparing to Motorola RAZR 2).Wasn't clear at all. Signal was good.

The choices for phones that don't require data plans gets smaller and smaller by the day.  thank you LG for making a great phone for those of us that just want to talk, text, and occasionally send or view a picture text.This is the best phone i've ever had that didn't require data service.great touchscreen, great options, great battery life.tech-UNsavvy people may not like the touch screen or all the setup options.but tech savvy people that don't need/want a smartphone will really enjoy this phone.

The phone arrived sooner than expected. After having an Evergreen phone for several years, I wasn't sure I would like the full front screen. Have only had it a few weeks and am really pleased with it.

I bought these phones  for my kids To replace their oldHard to text on phones.They're nice-looking, durable , easy to text withMy kids love them And best of all you don't need  a data plan.I think it's the best texting phone If you don't want to buy the data Plan.

Bought this phone when I switched from Verizon because it was free with my plan and was the closest option to my Verizon phone - the Samsung Intensity II. I don't need a data plan and I don't call and text too often, but often enough that I wanted a keyboard function. I was pretty happy with the Intensity II and only ditched it because I switched carriers so my review will mostly be comparing how well The Xpression fits me vs my Intensity II.First of all, the color was attractive. I like the bright, bold, noticeable red, much like I like the bright, metallic blue of the Intensity II. Both phones are similar size and weight. It's a little bulky in width but its also short, which I like because I can tuck it away into my pocket more easily and it's comfortable in my hand.The touchscreen on the Xpression is more convenient, with 3 main screens and the ability to add widgets. It's faster for me to get to the screen I want without having to go through a layer of folders. However there are a few drawbacks. Unlike my non-touchscreen Intensity, the Xpression keeps the clock and calendar on one page as opposed to being permanently fixed into the corner so if I want to review the time and date, I have to exit back to my home screen. My Intensity had a speaker button next to my accept call button that I could use anytime but the Xpression does not. There's an option to turn on the speaker via a touchscreen button when I go to call a contact but not when I went to set up voicemail, so it was a little annoying to have to continually put the phone to my ear, then take it away to type my codes, then put it back to my ear and have to listen to the prompter twice because I missed the first half of the next instructional message. Another thing that was annoying during this process was the phone locks instantly so everytime I took the phone away from my ear, I would have to light up the screen, unlock it, and then type my code. I changed the settings so that it wouldn't lock but it didn't work. But these are really minor annoyances that I can live with. The sound quality during phone calls has been pretty good so far - no crackling, lost calls, fuzziness, etc.Texting was probably my biggest issue since that's what I use the phone for most of the time. I like that one of my home screens can hold icons for the contacts I use most so initiating a call or text is incredibly convenient. On my intensity, I had to open my contacts or message folder and find the name I wanted. The Xpression saves me a little time by not having to hunt. One thing I miss from my Intensity that the Xpression doesn't do, is the ability to just start typing and have a text message form instantly. In the Xpression, I have to signal that I want to send a text message first before I can start creating my message. Again, that's just a very minor issue and more of a simple inconvenience rather than a complaint. What I do have a complaint over, however, is the character limit on the Xpression. It goes up to 160 if I reply to a message sent to me, so if I want to send a longer message, I have to start a new message entirely or reply with multiple short messages. I've only had the phone for a couple of days so I'm still debating whether this is enough of an issue for me to want to return it for a phone with no text limit, or if it's something I'll get used to.Storage is much more easily maintained on the Xpression. Both this one and my previous phone have pretty limited storage capacity but on my last phone, once my limit was reached, I had to delete messages either one by one or by each contact. On my Xpression, I can do either of those options or I can press one button and delete my entire cache of text messages from everyone. Much easier. Also, transferring music and other files between the Xpression and my computer was a breeze. All I had to do was plug it in and it automatically did everything for me. On my Intensity, I had to spend over an hour learning how to get the two devices to connect and transfer because the phone was so finicky. Music uploaded on my last phone would all be jumbled together with the audio tones and I never figured out how to separate it but the Xpression automatically filters my music into the music player, which I can pull up from my homescreen, so I appreciate that. The sound quality of the music is pretty much what you'd expect for a non-smartphone. It's loud enough but a bit tinny - I wouldn't recommend playing music on it without headphones. The tinny sound is also why I wouldn't really go out of my way for a custom ringtone, either; it's more likely to annoy other people who hear it when it rings. There's a voice recorder attached also, but it will only hold about 10 minutes of sound recording.The camera isn't very good - only 2 megapixels, the same as my Intensity II. But my last phone only took photos and sent photos. The Xpression at least gives you some choices to change the lighting and effects, and you get a basic set of editing tools with some cute extras like stickers, frames, and the ability to make GIFs. So even though the photos aren't the best quality, you can at least play with them a little.I would say overall it's a pretty decent basic phone. It has some nice perks and is relatively easy to learn how to use. Just keep in mind, this is not a smartphone so don't expect everything to be super-advanced. It does what it's supposed to do fairly well but it can't handle tons of files or 24 hour internet usage at light speed. It's not meant to be a combo of topnotch phone/laptop/camcorder/GPS devices. Overall, aside from the texting limit, I'm pretty happy with the LG Xpression.

to start off... i don't own this phone, my mom does. when i'm the last person shes called, her phone (which has a lock screen which is in a leather holster and is in her purse) will "ass-dial" me 5 to 7 times over the course of ~20 minutes (i guess it depends if shes walking with her purse or whatever)absolute garbage. i put 100% of the blame on at&t.; she would be using my wifes old iphones if at&t; didn't FORCE a data plan for using a "smartphone" thus shes stuck with a phone that at&t; doesn't deem "smart" so she doesn't have to pay for a data plan she wouldn't use.if you ask at&t; about why they force a data plan on a customer they will state it's to help a customer avoid costly usage for accidentally using data. yet if you ask them to disable data completely for a line they'll state they aren't able to do that... or it's against policy.don't get me wrong... i'm not saying at&t; are crooks, i'm saying ALL US cell providers are crooks.

At&t is currently selling this phone for 99 cents and I thing that that is waaaaay too much. This phone is the sole evidence that there is no god because an intelligent creator would never design something so horrible. For starters, this phone is nothing more than a generic compilation of every other mediocere feature on every other low-end phone with retarted names like "dazzle" and "cre8"...and that was the only nice thing that I could say about the "Xpressions". You're cool' you spelled 'expressions' with an "x." On to the review... The touch screen is as sensitive as a wet mop, the widgets are clumsy and offer no functionality (neither do the 10 apps in the app "store"), the browser fails to load a page even though I have full bars of 3g connectivity, and on the rare instance when a page does load, if I want to load a desktop version of a website, the browser chews it up and spits the page out into blocks of garbled nonsense. Loading ssl secure websites crash the browser more often than not, the cache fills up in about 10 min with the onboard memory, the zoom feature doesn't autofocus so a lot of the time you're left with illegible text, and scrolling through pages is like driving a car with a gearbox that only has 2 speeds: snail crawl and warp speed. The phone is also equipped with a 2 MP camera in case you enjoy take small, blurry photos. I know that we expect cell phones nowadays to have additional functionality like web browsing and the ability to take photos, but you were took look past that and only judge this phone based solely as a phone, it doesn't even do that well. Calling someone is fine until you have to enter a number on an automated system. You have to unlock the phone EVERY time you enter a number. And the word "unlock" is used very loosely here. A more accurate description of what you're doing is sliding repeatedly and praying. You are better off buying some stationary and some stamps if you need to talk to someone. Or better yet, throw this phone at the person you want to talk to...

I love the old phone LG Xenon!  So I thought switching to LG Xpression can't go wrong!  Well, I learned the hard way.1. Touch screen calibration is not set properly.  I always end up pressing the wrong buttons.2. Texting is ok except the keys are hard.3. If the text is in &#34;Conversation/Threading&#34; mode, there is a max of 160 characters (except first text of the conversation).  And you only have 2 lines to view your text.  No issue if the text is in &#34;Standard&#34; mode.  I wish there is a way to change font size.4. The worst of all: If I am in my car and receive a call from a block number, I cannot use the car's bluetooth.  The only way is to take the call using the phone.  Worst I cannot even take the call using the &#34;Send/Answer&#34; button.  After I click the &#34;Send/Answer&#34; button, I then have to click the &#34;Speaker&#34; button.  All this while I am driving.

I bought this one and the other LG A340 that just popped up at Amazon for no data plans. I just wanted a basic phone and both are outstanding. Right now I am trying to figure out how to use the phone without opening the slider everytime while protecting it from pocket dialing.Also bought a new Prius and etune seemed to work even though I have no data plan, software on the cell phone, or activation of etune. Strange!

I've had this phone for about one week, and I have been very pleased with it so far -- and I am very picky. Being a new phone with very few reviews, I was skeptical.I was looking for something to replace an older Pantech Link, that I use primarily for talking hands-free while driving and for texting.I didn't want another phone with a data plan(already have iphones around the house), so one can imagine the choices are limited. Further, although the Pantech Link wasn't bad for a simple phone, I wasn't thrilled with it and we haven't had the greatest luck with other Pantech models my family members have had in the past. Needless to say, with AT&T;, my choices of non-data plan phones became even further limited.I'm going to keep this write-up short, but in summary, everything works the way it is supposed to (keep in mind this is not a smartphone). The touch screen is not like an iphone, but it is certainly acceptable. It is accurate, sensitive enough and predictable. One nice plus, I'm a mountain biker and ride with gloves. You cannot operate the touch screen on many phones while wearing gloves, but this one works fine. The ringer and speakerphone volumes are plenty loud when you want them to be.One thing I needed to get used to: The bluetooth volume when you make a new call always defaults to the setting you configure in the phone settings. This is ok if you have that setting where you want it. Some phones go to the volume you used during the last call, which is nice. Of course, you can always adjust the volume during the call, but it will revert back for the next call. This is a very minor thing, and can be annoying if you don't set it the way you want it in the settings.The slide out keyboard is good however the buttons are not raised, and therefore are not as easy to feel. I haven't used the keyboard much so far-- I've found that I can text pretty fast using the touchscreen and T9 for shorter messages. This does take some getting use to, however.All in all, I'm very pleased, the phone hasn't done anything it's not supposed to, and is a very well designed phone with many advanced features.I recommend looking over the user manual (available online), to learn more about it's features.It seems to me that LG and AT&T; did a good job with this one.It is a great alternative if you do not want a smartphone.

Muffled voice, not clear - I have a hard time understanding the callers. Frustrating!Screen locks up too fast; have to slide up the screen to unlock constantly, a nuisance!Don't buy it.

GREAT PHONE!My dad bought me this phone because my sister's old phone broke and it wouldn't charge, so I kept having to switch her battery packs. My dad then bought us each this phone. The LG Xpression is a red touchscreen phone that also has a QWERTY keyboard if you slide it sideways. I really like how you have the option of typing on a touchscreen or a QWERTY keyboard.I think that the touchscreen keyboard could' have been better, it is hard to type on it but you have the QWERTY keyboard so it is okay. I recommend this to teenage boys and girls.

Avoid at all costs. Call quality worst seen to date. Ergonomics with pun constantly turning itself on in your pocket and autodialing. You also have to wake screen constantly to get to any prompts including end call, extremely frustrating. Outgoing texts work about 50% of the time. Fell out of my daughters pocket while kneeling, onto grass and exploded: back fell off, battery flew out?!!? I've dropped my iphone on treadmill and kicked across the gym ---TWICE---- not a scratch.Beyonf worthlessDo NOT get this phn, you'll be sorry

Short and sweet.  I have to agree with the other reviews as written.  My biggest con is becoming the same con with phones and high learning curve software packs.  The manufacturers want us to spend a whole lot of time searching the web for information on how the product works or how to use it.  Just trying to find out how to transfer pictures from my phone to my computer aside from emailing them back and forth.  I am no spring chicken anymore but good clear instructions from the manufacturer would be Idea although it would cost money they do not want to spend.  Even a good detailed instruction pack on the web would be terrific.ConsSlippery CaseVery Minimal Instructions.Nothing about moving pictures to or from a computer  although most people know how it should work.LikeLarge clear screen.Keyboard is great for the older generation that still types words out.

The only complaint I have about this LG Xpression phone is it loses service 2 to 3 times per month anywhere from 2 hrs to 10 hrs. This is unacceptable. I have called ATT several times and have asked them to replace this phone with a different one and they refuse. I purchased 4 of these phones last June for myself and my kids. Two of my kids quit using their new phones within 2 months and went back to their old phones because of this problem. Getting ready to switch carriers if ATT does not take care of this problem.

So I bought this phone because after doing alot of research I saw it was highly rated on both amazon and AT&T.; I previously had a palm pre (worst phone of my life) so I figured ANYTHING would be better. Also I no longer wanted to pay a monthly fee so since everyone seemed to love this phone I decided to buy it. I must say I am quite disappointed. In the 4.5 hours I`ve had it I have decided to return it asap!The positive thing about this phone is that its speakers are amazing! At the highest volume (5) it sounds like it could be on speakerphone almost. I like the sleek finish and the color but thats about where my positives stop. There was a handful of things I didn`t like when using this phone that I hadn`t seen on any of the reviews from AT&T; or here which I was surprised at. I was willing to deal with the flat buttons, which by the way require some force to press on. (Its like a small workout for my thumbs every time I write a text) and I know that the small storage space would have become a problem but I`m going to tell you what was a deal breaker for me!As phone focused on texting I would expect it to have a good text platform. No! #1. You have to backspace one letter at a time. If you hold down the backspace button it erases the entire message instead of a word at a time like other phones. #2. When somebody texts you an annoying notification comes up every time, even when you are already in their conversation! You can chose to either view or ignore, but if you view while in the middle of writing a text, your text gets erased. And the last but definitely most annoying #3. THERE IS A 160 CHARACTER LIMIT!!There were other things that I didn`t like so much; it`s very thick, the graphics look dated, and my battery went from full to dead in 4.5 hours, 1.5 of which I wasn`t using it. But the three texting issues I described above were the dealbreakers for me.

I bought 2 of these phones for my sons from Radio Shack when I upgraded my iPhone (Radio Shack is an AT&T dealer/seller). They are a very nice red color, but that's the only really good feature. The battery dies quickly... You might get a few hours of use before you will need to recharge. When texting on one of the phones, you can only send a few words in one text and the rest of the message is lost. I thought I was getting a good deal but now I have to purchase 2 news phones. After this experience... I will not buy a LG again!!

As a pure cell phone, the Xpresion 395 is fine. And the calculator works! So who cares? As for the rest, please read on.Texting is very limited on this phone. After a couple of sentences, you are cut off and have to continue with a new document. The calendar was easy to use when I first got the phone, but I have quit using it since I have found that it arbitrarily freezes up the phone, sometimes for an hour or more. When pressing keypad numbers on this phone, you had better be FAST. Otherwise, the call is dropped and you have to call back.For some reason, I gave this phone two stars out of 5 when I began this post. Now I am wondering why.

I bought this phone for my mom who wanted to get more into texting but didn't want to upgrade to a smart phone just yet. We have had to return it twice. I've opted to get her something different.The first Xpression she had the "f" buttton didn't work on the keyboard. We thought ok, well that could just be a bad one out of the batch. But the longer she kept using it, the phone would shut off on her and restart in the middle of typing a text. And the beeping sound the buttons make when typing would short out and make a buzzing sound. We traded it in and got a brand new one. Guess what?! The same things happened all except the "f" button did work this time.If you're planning on texting alot, I don't recommend this phone and wondered why I read such good reviews if this happened to my mom on two different phones. It's hard to believe this didn't happen to anyone else.

I love this phone. Just got it yesterday. However, it won't seem to let me recieve or send multimedia messages like pictures. Has anyone else had this issue or know how to go about fixing it.

I was loving this little phone!! But sadly after 3 weeks of use I will have to send it back.The screen lock feature can not be entirely disabled. Even if you set the phone to NEVER lock automatically it will ALWAYS lock upon placing  call. Really? This is a horrible feature! I called LG to see if there is a way to completely disable screen lock and the rep told me this is a security feature on ALL LG with slide out keyboards. Dispite many attemtps to just deal with this quirk I simply can not. This feature makes the phone vitually useless and I am sending it back.

Got this phone a week ago.  It freezes up constantly.  Has no instruction manual.  Hard to locate a phone number in my address book while driving as the calling list will keep sliding up (or down) after I remove my finger.  When on a call and asked to enter "1" (or any other number) it is difficult to find the number pad to enter such number.  I get widgets on my screen often that I never wanted there and have a terrible time trying to remove them.  Had to take the phone back to the ATT store today and customer tech also had a difficult time getting this garbage off my screen.  I asked for a different phone and was told I'd have to pay a $35 restocking fee in order to exchange this phone!!!  I was furious as I'd had the phone only 7 days and the phone clearly was not living up to standards.  I left the store and will now try to talk some somebody with common sense at ATT when I call tomorrow.

Both my husband and my son have this phone.  My husband starts work in the early morning (3am) so he's got his phone on and in his pocket very early.  The only keyboard lock available is for when the phone is turned on after being shut down. If the phone is asleep, all you do is swipe (light touch) the screen and it wakes up and can make a call.  That's the problem - both phones &#34;butt-dial&#34; a lot.  Not fun for friends and family in the early morning hours!  The only way to prevent it is to shut the phone off.  We've be waiting out our two year contract but have now gotten to the breaking point.  Hard to believe the manufacturer left off such an important feature (passcode required to unlock after sleep).  I would not recommend this phone.

After having it a few days, the service would spontaneously disappear. It worked if I turned it off and back on ..for 2 more days. And then service disappeared completely and it wouldn't come back. The only thing that worked is resetting the phone completely. I keep having to go through this same process...I reset it twice on Saturday and twice today. This is getting ridiculous. I think it only happens if you text a good bit because my parents have the same phone and do not have this issue.

Despite the strange color, this phone is amazing!!  It's a touch screen, which I love, and it slides out.  WAY better than my old phone, the Eternity II.  It is super easy to text on, but I don't know much about the web (I don't have a data plan).  The minor down side is that the screen locks while you are calling after a few seconds, but that's the only bad thing.There are 3 different screens (you can go to them on the touch screen), and they you can customize all of them.If you have any further questions, please comment below.I suggest this phone, especially to teens who love to text.I also bought this case (Black and White Flower Design Snap on Hard Plastic Cover Faceplate Case for Sprint LG Rumor Reflex LN272 / AT&T; LG Xpression C395 + Screen Protector Film + Mini Adjustable Phone Standand it looks super sharp with the red.Hope this helped!

Build QualitySolid body and smooth slider operation.  Doesn't seem to utilize as thick of a plastic as my wife's Pantech Pursuit II but still solid.  I haven't used texting on a phone before though my last phone had an on screen keypad with which I wrote notes, this physical keypad works better and I am less prone to make a mistake so there is less backspacing to make corrections.  I will add battery life to this area as so far it has been great and I have not had any problems with it dying prematurely.OSThe three home screens (contacts, widgets & shortcuts) are useful and switching between them is as easy as swiping across the screen.  Though I haven't played with Android phones much from what I have, this home screen operates similar.  The transition animation between each home screen is not as smooth as other operations on this phone (like scrolling through contacts) but, it does not lag much.  The main settings menu is broken into four separate tabs and navigating between each is very quick and easy.  They only annoying feature of this phone is when it locks the screen in between using the dial pad for automated messaging systems.TextingTexts are displayed in a conversation view by default but can be also viewed in a standard timeline fashion.  As I stated earlier, I have just started texting but the keypad works pretty well for me.  The first letter in a sentence is automatically capitalized by default which is nice but if the shift button is pressed before you start typing, ever character is capitalized.  The alternate key works the same way, press once for the first character to be an alternate character or twice to keep each successive character as an alternate.StorageAfter removing the back plate and upon inserting an SD card, the phone automatically recognizes the card, adds its own folders and changes the default storage location for photos, videos and music to the card instead of the phone's memory.  Adding pictures and music is simple.  Use the provided USB data cable to connect the phone to your PC and the phone will automatically ask you to sync music, use the device as mass storage or establish a data connection.  Select mass storage and you can immediately add photos and music.Custom RingtonesRingtones are slightly more difficult to add and use.  You cannot just use any mp3 file.  The file must be both less than 30 seconds and 300kb.  For each of my ringtones, as long as they are 30 seconds or less, they can be encoded at up to 80kbps.  Once you have files that are under 300kb and less than 30 seconds long, add them to your SD card.  From the file manager, you can play the file in the audio player and it will give you the option to click the use as button in the upper right.  You can also just go to sounds and then ringtone and the files that meet the above criteria should be listed to select as ringtones.Call QualityI have honestly not made many calls but voice quality and volume seems pretty crisp.  My last phones were mostly Motorolas and their call quality sounded a bit more natural but this phone's isn't bad.  Reception coming over to AT&T; and LG from Verizon and Motorola seems slightly lower inside of my one story work building but I haven't had any major problems yet.OverallThis phone has met most of my expectations and exceeded others.  For a free phone the quality on all fronts is great.  My only complaints would be the restrictions on ringtones and that the orientation of the screen does not change when rotating the phone.  It only changes when sliding out the keypad which is fine.  There is also only an option of an onscreen dial pad and not an onscreen keypad which is fine but would have been a nice addition.  Also the Brew MP OS does not seem "hackable" as my previous brew or P2k phones but this is made up for in the customization of the home screens.  Having a 3.5mm headphone jack sounds nice for some but I never ended up using it on my previous phone.  In the end, I would recommend this phone for someone who just wants a solid, simple messaging phone.

I bought my first cell phone in 1986, so I'm not exactly new to the market.  I didn't want a phone that required a data plan, and the Xpression looked like the least objectionable phone on the very limited list AT&T; will let you use without a data plan.  Opened the box, and found it had no manual, just a one sheet quick reference guide.  It has all sorts of useful information on how to use AT&T; Social net, and ignores the useless stuff like where they hid the button to hang up the phone when you finish a call.  Most phones have a green button to dial and a red button to hang up, but not this one.  Went to the LG website, and printed out the manual.  It was 120 pages long, and that was just the English version.  No telephone should be so convoluted that it requires a 120 page manual.  After using the phone for a few days, I found the following fatal flaws:When you try to listen to your voicemail, the keypad disappears off the touch screen.  Since AT&T;'s voicemail system requires you to use the keypad off the touch screen to delete or save your messages, this is a bit of a problem.  You have to slide out the keyboard, and find where they put the asterisk key so you can end the call.If you put the phone in your pocket, the keyboard will slide in and out slightly as you walk.  If you've locked the phone before you put it in your pocket, this will unlock it, allowing you to dial anyone in your contacts without even trying, or even knowing you're doing it. It also makes it difficult to pull the phone out of your pocket when the phone is ringing to see if you want to talk to that caller without inadvertently answering the phone.The contact list is set up in such a way that if you have a home and mobile number listed for a particular person, the buttons are so close together that you end up having to use a stylus to select between them.  The only way to make it work is to enter a seperate contact for each phone number, not for each person.If you hit a wrong number when dialing and hit the back arrow to correct it, it enters a 3.  You have to hit just above the back arrow to actually use it to delete.If you have the keypad on the touch screen and slide out the keyboard, the screen says it's dialing.  Doesn't say who it's dialing.If you set the phone ringer on silent, sometimes it doesn't ring, sometimes it rings anyway.  When you go back to check your settings to make sure you had it set just to vibrate, the settings show that you did.I think this phone was designed as part of AT&T;'s marketing strategy to make people buy a smart phone and pay for a data plan to get a phone that actually functions.I think AT&T; needs to accept that there is a substantial customer base that doesn't want to browse the web on a 3 inch screen.  I've got a desktop, a laptop and a tablet, and I've got all the internet connectivity I need.  All I really want my phone to do is make phone calls and be able to handle text messages.
