
I am very happy with the condition of this used phone, appearance is very nice and it works great for months now. Would strongly recommend this seller.

Great product. Good value for money.

it is a perfect phone for me. I realy like it I am using it for almost a month now i dont have a problem.

This product came to me fast and in good condition.I would definitely buy more products from this seller.The only thing i didnt like is that the phone wasnt cleaned properly.But other than that once i clean it up it was awesome and works properly.thanks!

review for my Dad.  He bought this:  This phone lasted only 4 months.  the battery would not hold a charge for very long after that.  replaced the battery with a replacement kit and now the phone does not work at all.  the person that did it has done it before and did it for his own iphone and it worked fine.  i would not buy this again from this seller.  and now i cannot return it because you only had 30 days to do it!  there comes a time when buying an entire new phone every 2 or 3 years because the battery dies and you can't change it easily like ALL OTHER PHONES ON THE PLANET EXCEPT IPHONE, you need to switch smart phones.  This is for my Dad, not me.  He won't stop buying iphones.  Waste of money and an inherently immoral company that knows you will buy a new phone because you are an addict to brand consumerism.

I purchased these 2 iPhone 3GS, but they have the Cydia software on them...which means they are JailBroken and not Factory Unlocked.  I purchased 3 phones in all.  They look new, but I know they have been jailbroken b/c it won't show my the iOS version on the phone.  Hmmmm

I have got two Iphones.  None of them are working fine.  Battering is very weak.  Am unable to return it as it is one month old.

The phone does not charge properly and it seems like a use oneAlso, the phone looks like a fake one. the box seems fake too.

The only thing I don't like is that I can't receive pictures from other people. If I could do that it would be great.

I have heard a lot about Iphones and have always wanted one but always found the current generation kinda pricey. I bought this as as my trial Iphone and after I charged it up and did some basic settings, I saw why Iphone adherents rave about them. I'm impressed and am already looking to buy a 4G..

My mother (late 50's) asked me to get her an old style Nokia or Samsung (no touch screen). She just uses the phone to make/receive calls.Spending around 60$ more, i decided to get her this unlocked iphone 3GS 8GB. (This phone is unlocked and runs IOS6 and we are using it abroad). I was surprised that she adapted fast to the iphone interface and started sending messages for us via Watsapa and calling us daily via Skype. In addition, she is taking and sending pictures.This is not the iphone 5 (not very high screen resolution, not powerful memory and processor). But it can run all the apps that the new iphone run and you can save around 500$. It is a great value for the money and I highly recommend it if you are on a limited budget.

I had high hopes buying this phone but when it came it was a horrible situation - right away it developed problems. It just plain quit working inside of 3-4 weeks, the only one I give excellent high points to was Amazons return policies!! THANK YOU AMAZON.

EL IPHONE ESTA CASI NUEVO ACTUALIZADO A LA VERSION EN OPTIMAS CONDICIONES OFERTA INMEJORABLE EN LA TIENDA EN LINEA Y CONTRAPARTE

I have had some problems with this phone but, in general, it is in good conditions. I recommend every body to contact the seller first before buying to ensure the full functionality of your future device. The devices, they are selling, are used but they have to be able to do all their operations. With the money I expended to repair my device, I could have bought a new one.

Don't buy this phone. You will not be able to use it anywhere on this planet. Again, this phone is locked to a specific carrier. I wanted to have another iPhone for my travels. This phone is no use to me. I am happy that I checked it before going on my trip. I am certainly returning it.

Bought from UnlockedCellPhoneKings refurbished.  Arrived fast, in excellent conditions, like new.Everything as expected, unlocked, and all original accesories (charger, manual, etc.) were included.Read reviews carefully, you can notice there are a lot of bad experiences with some vendors offering &#34;new&#34; devices.Know the vendor before buying.

It took me several years to persuade my husband to buy iPhone for himself. Finally, the price of this iPhone 3GS made a trick and for couple of weeks already he is a satisfied user.The phone came with all accessories, but the box and brochure were not original. So far it works perfectly, the battery keeps as it should and there are no problems with the use.

The Phone is brilliant for the money you are paying. The voice clarity and everything looks good. The only problem is that the headsets are totally waste and had to buy a new one.

The 3 gs has slightly less resolution than the I4 but It is so clear I don't think you would notice the difference.  The only other difference between the 2 is that the I4 has 2 camera,front and rear for video chatting.  The I4 gs  is the same as the I4 except Siri was added.  IF you don't need your phone to talk to you and you don't need video chatting then the 3gs does everything else.  It came with the latest upgrade of the IOS operating system and the screen was scratch free.  While I don't understand it completely apparently there is a big difference between factory Unlocked and Jailbroken.  It is my understanding that when jailbroken any upgrade re-locks the phone.  Can't say enough good about the seller.  As advertised and delivered on time at a very low price for what I got = a great value.  When its time to upgrade I will return here to purchase.

THIS IS A REFURBISHED IPHONE, WAS VERY RUSTY AND DAMAGED... AND THE TOUCH SCREEN WAS DAMAGED TO... I WANT MY MONEY FOLLOW BACK... I WANT A TOTALLY REFAUND... PLEASE I NEED A SOLUTION, BECAUSE I PAID FOR THIS. I BUY AN IPHONE 3GS UNLOCKED NEW, AND I RECIVED AN IPHONE REFURBISHED AND DAMAGED. THIS IS A REFURBISHED IPHONE, WAS VERY RUSTY AND DAMAGED... AND THE TOUCH SCREEN WAS DAMAGED TO... I WANT MY MONEY FOLLOW BACK... I WANT A TOTALLY REFAUND... PLEASE I NEED A SOLUTION, BECAUSE I PAID FOR THIS. I BUY AN IPHONE 3GS UNLOCKED NEW, AND I RECIVED AN IPHONE REFURBISHED AND DAMAGED. THIS IS A REFURBISHED IPHONE, WAS VERY RUSTY AND DAMAGED... AND THE TOUCH SCREEN WAS DAMAGED TO... I WANT MY MONEY FOLLOW BACK... I WANT A TOTALLY REFAUND... PLEASE I NEED A SOLUTION, BECAUSE I PAID FOR THIS. I BUY AN IPHONE 3GS UNLOCKED NEW, AND I RECIVED AN IPHONE REFURBISHED AND DAMAGED.

A good telephone in a good condition. Arrived quickly. Nice that it had a new charger and a protection for the screen. Thank you!

The phone works fine and as soon as I inserted the SIM card. Also, I appreciate your thank you card.

I ordered this for my mother and it had no sim card slot. I had to buy it and have it shipped. It doesn't say anything about this in the description of the product.

I cannot get service in my home.  The carrier is blaming apple and apple blames the carrier.  I live in a big city so this should not happen.

I got a locked phone when I called they said oh sorry we knew there were problems with it but we sent it anyway. WTF? Now they keep removing my neg post and ask me to re evaluate the sale. Really?

I received the phone with the &#34;on&#34; button missing. I took it into the apple store and they said it was counterfeit and refused to fix it. I contacted the seller but they refused to do anything.

The battery does not work good. It does not work for more than 3 hours. The other things are ok.

I needed an older iphone, because I have problems with Retina displays with my eyes.  I found this phone at a great price.  It came in great condition exactly as described by Tech 232.  It works perfectly.

When I received the iphone,i found it is fake and inferior product,the back cover is renovated,the receiver has a noise when you have a call,screen light-leaking,in a word,it is a bad iphone.

I purchased this item when i was in US and after i came back to my country this home button in the iphone did not work. When i contacted the seller that i m in india he didnt bother to reply me. This is such a bad experience.

Although the description says &#34;Can be upgraded, factory unlocked for any GSM carrier&#34; AND again states &#34;ready to be used on any GSM carrier worldwide&#34;. They need to put a disclaimer that says, &#34;Well... any GSM carrier EXCEPT Verizon Wireless&#34; because they can NOT be activated on Verizon wireless.  The main reason, that I understand, is the mere fact that Verizon never had a 3g iPhone, so they don't have 3g SIM cards compatible with the iPhone and the 4g SIM cards they do have will not work in the iPhone 3gS. I tried my best to get the phone activated but it was just a huge waste of time.  If you have Verizon, don't bother - it's not gonna work and its just going to cause you a huge headache.One the positive side, the phone itself was very nice.  It appeared to be brand new, in the box with all the accessories. Although the USB cable is not Apple brand, the description does say it includes a 'compatible' USB cable.  Everything else seems legit, it turned on and the screen was flawless and bright. Just disappointed I didn't do my research about the 3g/4g SIM card business.The seller, Better Deals FASTER, was very professional and understanding. I was able to return the phone and have my money refunded as soon as they received the phone back.Buyer Tip of the Day:  do your HOMEWORK and know what your carrier can activate before you go around buying $200 phones!

Not funcionan en Venezuela.

I use it with my existing pay-as-you-go SIM card and it is perfect! Skype calls with camera (not face time), Netflix, Angry birds, cloud storage, are few of its capabilities.

I have tried to return this phone but I can not get any information on how or where to return it, it does not work for me and Verizon Wireless will not make it ready for me to use.  I have put in a claim as instructed by Amazon but still have not gotten a reply.  The apple phone is too old orjust not usable....I desparately need help with this I need to return it so that my credit card can be credited and I will buy a new one that my carrier Verizon Wireless will accept....MY FRIENDS ARE LAUGHING AT ME FOR GETTING SUCH A BAD DEAL ON MY FIRST ATTEMPT AT SHOPPING ON AMAZON...

this is an untruthful sellerthe first iphone he sent me, the front button won't work. said with charger but nothing.contact ...sent charger, but can't be used !sent another iphone. But battery die every 40 minutes talk !I give up. I throw $144 to the dirt.don't buy anything from this seller

I love my new iPhone. It's just like an iPod except that I can make phone calls with it. Unfortunately, the charger didn't work and I had to use my iPod charger to charge the phone. I like the fact that it's unlocked because I can use it when I travel to Europe.

WORKING NICE AS PER EXPECTATIONS STILL I DID NOT COME ACROSS ALL THE FEATURES IT CONTAINS .PICTURE QUALITY IS EXCEPTIONAL.

I bought this phone for my sister as a replacement for her older 3GS that quit working.  She has limited funds so newer model iPhones were not possible and past problems with used phones made that not an option.  The 3GS is a dinosaur but it still has great features and is very easy for almost anyone to use.  The iPhone 3GS purchased from Tablet Distributors and fulfilled by Amazon was as described, new and unlocked.  It came in the original packaging with wall charger and headphones.  I do not think the wall charger provided works but the old one is fine so I don't care.  I upgraded to the latest iOS,  restored contacts, and connected to Straight Talk without problems.  Very happy with this purchase.

I bought it for my 14 years old, great condition exactly as describedI'll always use the seller and recommend to all my friends, great price and fast shipperThank you

I got the phone which is damaged the screen has some fault when I showed to apple store they said tht the phone has been tampered and us refurbished

I wasn't sure if I should buy a used phone online as you know they could potentially have a lot of issues.Got phone, and worked like a charm, I have had it for a while now and have had no issues.

Very Good priceThe phone is really UnlockedEverything looks good without any issue so farWorth to buy it

I ordered a used iphone and it came on time, unlocked, updated, and in the exact condition that was listed. I have not had any issues with this phone. Compared to the price of other new or used iphones, this is a great buy. I would buy from this seller again.

The phone came with no scratches or anything but you could tell its used but I knew that when I ordered it. What I did not know was that the power button or volume up bottons did not work at all or that I wasn't going to receive everything in the picture of the item. It only came with the wall plub (no usb adaptor) and when I bought the usb adaptor, the wall plug did not work. There was no box, headphones, or charger. It did come unlocked though which worked out perfectly with straighttalk wireless. I am currently using the assistive touch button to make the phone work and basically if it dies when I'm not near a computer with my adaptor that I purchased I'm screwed.

what a deal on an entry level Iphone, my wife is learning to be tech savy, without paying the high price for 5S

I never saw a review that indicated someone using the iPhone on Straight Talk but it does work on it.The iPhone arrived FACTORY UNLOCKED! So that was good. There are sites you can check to see if the iPhone is factory unlocked by inputting the MEID. I slipped in the SIM card and it works. The only thing is that the iPhone is a little beat up. You can tell that the screen was replaced cause they did not clean the under screen before applying the new screen and you can see dirt in it when looking at the screen in the light, which can be annoying.The iPhone works and battery is good. The quality is not the best and the phone was Factory Unlocked and works on Straight Talk.

phone is in excellent condition. I am loving it although i cannot tell anything about the future condition but currently it's awesome. Thanks

It's factory unlocked, GSM and works well. A good option for your younger brother, girlfriend, whomever...Came in the original box, complete.

I received the phone not in the original box. Definitely it is not genuine. It stopped working after ten days of really careful use. It does not receive a signal no more. I wish I had not bought it from this supplier. Do not buy it or you would be disappointed.

The phone came quickly and met all of my expectations. After a month, it has worked flawlessly and done everything I needed. Good seller and good product!

It's perfect, factory unlocked.Works well in Brazil.I already updated and no problem at all.Apple products are great.

These Iphones arrived with batteries that only lasted 20 mins. I was forced to buy new replacement batteries. Not as advertised.

I got this item on time and really very clean and no scratches.Two things I notice about the product.one is the slot for the sim card.After I placed my simcard inside I can't remove it anymore,the slot won't come out.Next one is the battery.Even if the wifi is off as well as the others that sucks the energy of the battery I always end up charging it.Battery life cuts in half after 2 hours even when not in use but the phone is still on. Using Skype ,front camera is not functioning even if the OS is already up to date.I'm still using the Iphone and did not return it to the seller because I'm avoiding the hassles of returns.Still I'm rating it with 3 stars.To the business owner who sold this item to me please screen your products carefully before shipping it out.In that way you can leave a very good impression to your future customers.Thank you and I hope this helps everybody who loves to shop online just like me as well as the merchants whose aim is customer satisfaction.

I have trouble with receiving pictures . had to call my cell phone company and Im still having trouble.  Its just wasn't what I expected. I also ordered the plastic cover and I still waiting for it.  it now been 3 weeks

I ordered my used iPhone from amazon warehouse. I was hesitant because I didn't know what to expect although this was my second order from the warehouse. The IPhone came on time and by far it exceeded my expectations. It looked brand new, no marks or scratches, was in the original box & all the accessories. I was able to validate it through Apple and update to IOS6. I am very happy I got my iPhone at a very discounted price. Thanks to all the hard workers at Amazon warehouse in Lexington, Kentucky

It is very good and almost as good as new. The charger's cable was chewed by a dog, but I bought a new one and it's working.

The phone needed repair the first day, some parts inside was bad and missing. The phone wasn't new as claimed. Wifi got disconnected a lot.  Is a piece a trash.

Seems to me that this phone was dropped several times and has significant wear and tear the hear phone jack is dented in. Very bad experience

I bought one 3Gs from this page once, but from different seller. That one was faulty. I contacted Amazon, cause that was fulfilled by Amazon. I returned the phone. Amazon immediately gave my money back. Impressed!  So, I bought this one from a different seller. This seller is also fulfilled by Amazon. It is working fine till now. I am still in the coverage of 30 days. I hope I do not have to return it. So far so good.

i really like it so much and it met all my expectations and the seller met all the promises , thanks a lot

I loved this phone it works perfectly no scrashes or finger prints but I do have a little trouble with the battery all though great apple phone!

The phones when delivered to me were in good condition. But when I gifted them to my friends, it was my worst nightmare. They were complaining that the display colors changed to some odd colors. The speakers of these were gone in some time. I would not recommend any one to buy form this seller.

good AfternoonestimatesPure mobilitybecause my Apple iPhone 3GS 8GB Black Factory Unlocked / Not Jailbroken) of Order # 103-4118021-3192220, software update asked me and lock me IME does not recognize the sim lost me indicate that the release and as team I distribute at & t can not be unlocked, I would like to give me your feedback as I use it in Venezuela.Mail CarlosGolosina@hotmail.com

I'm not too interested in having the latest technology I just wanted an iOS device that was a little more portable than my iPad 3 and I happened to be needing a new phone as well, so I decided to go with the iPhone 3GS. It was just as described by the seller, brand new, a great price, works well on iOS 6 and adequately runs all of the apps that I use frequently. Maybe later I will be tempted to update to a newer model but for now I am satisfied. Great product.

Met and surpassed my expectations all round.Very good buy.

The item I purchased was listed as &#34;NEW&#34; under product condition. It was through a third-party vendor -- ROSS CELLULAR -- but fulfillment was completed by Amazon.com with Amazon Prime availability.The item arrived a few day late, but this was due to a federal holiday (MLK Day) that added two extra days to delivery time.Upon inspecting the item, I quickly discovered that:-- box was not an original box at all. It appeared to have dents on the corners, and it had clearly been opened before.-- phone itself appeared used. There was a plastic wrapping taped around the phone. It was removable, but the adhesive on the wrapping left traces on the device that required some cleaning up afterwards.-- contacted Apple and verified that the device has already been in use since 2011, meaning that Ross Cellular has sold me a USED device despite originally listing it as NEW.** Very disappointed** Please re-consider any future purchases from vendor Ross Cellular

the phone works well and was what was described in the adi have had no problems with the unit

The phone shipped to me by Chubbiestech is in really good condition! Works exactly as described and was Unlocked (with no cell company logos) and not jailbroken! Chubbiestech was very nice to deal with and I will look for them in the future when I'm shopping used iPhones.The 3GS I received seems to work fully including, cell-radio (works with T-Mobile pre-pay), GPS-A, works with several map applications I have tried, all free and all &#34;off-line&#34;, meaning I turned-off the WiFi radio and relied completely on the GPS-A configuration. The phone also works with the Magellan &#34;Tough Case&#34; battery/GPSr waterproof case.The phone also works in my Volkswagen through the Volkswagen Media Device Interface (MDI). The only thing I have not bothered to test is the headphone connection, sorry about that... I have other gizmos for media play-back.Bluetooth works, phone links-up with my in-car hands-free thing.WiFi works through my home setup.iTunes &#34;likes&#34; this phone and while it only has 8GB of total memory, I can still carry a good off-line map and a bunch of audio books. (play them through the car radio)Overall, a great buy! I don't use this as my daily phone, I use a Treo 680 for that but as a 'leave it in the car' phone, this is very good.

It work for a month, I went to the apple store they told me it could not be fixed; I bought another phone from them.

I ORDERED THIS PHONE THAT SPECIFICALLY SAYS NEW ON THE DESCRIPTION.  ONLY TO RECEIVE A USED PHONE.  I WAS TOLD BY THE COMPANY THAT I WOULD GET A NEW PHONE TO COMPENSATE.  NEVER GOT THE NEW PHONE AND NEVER HEARD BACK FROM THEM.  DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER.

I asked for a iphone 3gs Factory unlocked and sent me a locked iphone 3g, really does not help me in my country.I feel cheated by this supplier PSXPRO.Be careful with this supplier.Finally I will have to pay 40.00 dollars to return the product they mistakenly sent me.Be careful when selecting the supplier when shopping.

After using the phone for two weeks, the home button is not working anymore and when you plugged into the power cable is not charging.A little expensive for a two weeks cell phone.

No recomiendo este vendedor, sus equipos son reconstruidos, el mio vino con problemas en la pantalla y estoy en venezuela es dificil que se me repare el da&ntilde;o!!!

it was just ok!  The purchased was ONLY the phone! Not like the Picture with Accessories and BOX!No Box, No Accessories!  Just PHONE!

Well is a old model and they work just fine no complain about it the price was good son no complain

Class one product

Unfortunately the product did not meet my expectations. I could not update the version of IOS (was only in the number 4). This shows that the device was unlocked not in the way that appears in the ad. I had to pay a technical assistance that confirmed the problem. I would return it and get my money back. I bought two devices on two different dates and two had the same problem.

Came like a new phone (box, charger, instuctions, ear buds, tool) looked excellent and had no problem with it working except home button was a little sticky,  wont complain very pleased for the price.

Excellent condition.Just what my grandson wanted.In box with cord, right color.New condition.and easy to add apps and use to potential.

Great working order. Came packaged safely and wasn't moving around in the box. Was shipped out immediately. Greatly appreciated. Thanks.

I was expecting a new device with no problem and from the beggining the device was not factory unlocked and required to be jailbroken. The device never worked not even for voice after taking it to several service centers in Peru. In addition this was intended as a gift for my father end up spending $100 dollars in attempted repairs and have a useless equipment

Phone was as described, new, in the original box.  Phone worked perfectly and easily logged onto our carrier network once we installed the SIM card.  Delivery was in reasonable time, if you want a new older style iPhone this is the one for you.

I bought a phone and they sent me a damage one. Not recommended. I hate it completely. Not good at all.

Fast shipping good condition itemIt was well packed and shipped in a timely manor .Going to use it in Europe so have not had the chance to see how it works, but it looks good.

took this supposedly &#34;unlocked and new&#34; iphone to my carrier to be activated and it could not be used as it was a return or something like that.  Returned it and got my money back.  Bought directly from apple instead.  It was more expensive but it was worth it to get a phone that actually works.

Nothing better you can get for the price and the appearance. I really would recommend to anyone looking for a smartphone to test drive an older iphone first to see how they like it. It's a cheaper test run and it's fully functional. I would recommend this to anyone

Excellent service and easy to use.  Would recommend this product to others.  plan to use it for a long time

I 'd like to ask how should we do to fix my iphone, came with some problem, it;s not working properly.What i have to do to have it fixed??ThanksMIroel

Don't buy, the camera does not work, went to apple store and they don't even fix 3GS camera. So I got stuck with it.

Sim card wont read in the iphone when the sim is inserted it says no sim card installed. The battery came swollen and nothing be done with the phone

I am expecting that it will be shipped soon. I am worried about the experiences and issues posted on the review pages by other customers. I wish mine will be good so far

I do not know where Tablet Distributors got these 3GS Iphones (mine came with 2010 manufacturing date) in almost impeccable condition - but it is true. Unlocked, in a new factory box. The only tell that it was "in hands" is that the supplied USB cord was actually for 4 version, and would not charge 3GS. No big deal - there are plenty of old cables around. 4 stars for that, but $237 deal is sweet. The same phone in Target would cost $150 more.It will work with almost any carrier except probably Verizon (I use cheap $30 T-mobile 5 GB plan, no contract and no activation fee). Be aware that 3GS Iphone uses normal, not mini SIM card. Mini SIM would work, but with the adapter.

Phone came 100% brand new ! everything in mint condition and was great 4 stars cause it came without a charger

I bought this iphone as &#34;new&#34; and when i received it i realized it was furbished and  it did not work. I ask someone to help in this case.

It is what you get for this money. It is only 3g capable. This is my first Apple Phone and till now I am pretty satisfied with it.

Phone is unlocked, SIM card works withou any problem. Overall condition is good. Very little scratches on the phone, front and back.

It has missing part: Sim holder. I dont like this one because I cannot use it until I buy the sim card holder.

The item  shipped updated to the lastest ios 6.1.3 .. it was not sealed. works with T-mobile.The phone works great ... however, i am giving it 4 because the scream had a minor defect (not leveled)

Considering the cost of smartphones today, they are as expensive as laptops at 1/10th the size. I do not need the latest phones so my needs are not that essential, however, if you are looking for a great phone, the 3GS is it.  The price I got it for was fantastic and I use it with the Straight Talk plan.  Of course, the Iphone does do everything so I am very happy with the purchase. Thanks!

Product arrived as advertised...had USB wall plug and connector.  Phone did not have most recent update, but easily accepted it.  Arrived charged which was nice.  No case or instructions, but the screen was immaculate and only very minor wear was shown on the back of the phone.Fired up immediately after installing my TMobile sim card in the tray.  Good deal and great price.

Even if already has a newer version of iPhone, the 3GS still a good purchase, everything works fine, good for our kids.

I never gonna buy again bcs they said unlocked but it's not. I've to spend money for unlocked still I don't know it's gonna work or not.

Product was brand new, and was factory unlocked I was able to upgrade the software and register it with apple like it so much I am buying a second handset for my fianc&eacute;e only problem is that the price went up

I like the phone very much. Its is working fine and I am planning to buy 1 more. Its a good deal.

I was using a an old iPhone 3 that a friend gave me and got to really like it.  But then I accidentally got a lot of water on it and couldn't get it to work again.  I bought another cheap mobile phone and was very dissatisfied with it--I wanted my iPhone back!  I thought to look for a used iPhone on Amazon and was delighted to find many 3Gs for sale for under $100.00.  It works great so far and I'm happy with it.

I was really excited to get my phone. From the very first charge it stopped and started charging. I did not send back, this was my 1st I-phone and I didn't know if this was something that just came with the territory. 2 months later, the phone won't take a charge. It's a brick and it's too late to get a refund.It now serves as a pretty paperweight.Don't get ripped off thinking your experience will be different, you are flipping a coin.

The phone described as new and it looked like new when it arrived. The home button was not working as new and few other problems and hence checked with apple with the IMEA. They clearly confirmed its a refurbished phone. So disappointed.

We had to send the iPhone back due to it not being compatible with the plan that my daughter had chosen, and the company was great, understanding and very helpful.  I would recommend this company for sure!

Phone was unlocked, but didn't come in a box and there was no ear piece. Therefore not sure if it was new as it was advertised

Why is it so difficult for the vendor to provide a product as specified on Amzn? This product was not factory unlocked and my T-Mobile SIM card did not get any signal on this phone, whereas it got a full signal on my Google phone.

I just bought this iphone 3gs. It's such a nightmare. It's a refurbished phone. Defective phone, Defective charger.Not working!! Total waste of money. Don't buy this.

when wife is happy, everybody happy, can't say the same thing about the arriss motorola i bought from kumbee inc.  Unit sucks, will be sending back. Can't win em all

It was even nicer than anticipated and works great!!! It looked brand new as described. It had all the manufacturer parts included and they were all in mint condition.

The charger did not work, there was a huge scratch on the screen, and a even bigger crack by the charging port. Would have pasted with so many issue if they would have been explained in detail.  Shipping was fast and timely so that's why I'm posting review

When the phone stopped charging I went to check the serial number in the SIM tray. For my surprise the SIM tray did not have any serial number as is should.Then I checked the SN on the box that came with the phone. I went to the apple site to check the warranty and got the following message?&#34;We're sorry, but this is a serial number for a product that has been replaced. Please check your information and re-enter your serial number. If your information is correct, you may need to contact us.&#34;After that I went to check the backup of it on my computer and discovered that the Serial Number did not match with the one on the box and worse than that the apple site tells me that there is no more warranty for this serial number.Now, I have a new iPhone that does not work and does not have warranty. If I have to pay the 150 dolars to have it fixed, it means that I could have bougth a iPhone 4s instead.This is the first time I have problems whe buying on Amazon. I hope there is a way to solve this situation.

Yes I like my 3G  first I can't connect to Internet  but finally I got it and I happy with my selection thank you very much

got it last month and it doesnt work any more ...  i just cant tur it on .. when i connect it to the wall charger it turns on for a while and after a minute or two or if i unpluge it it dies -----  please need help if anybody knows how to fix it  //// im in argentina and theres no apple store here..

I bought a new mobile, but this is not a new mobile. In two month the battery don't function!!!!It's a shame that people cheat. You must say that this mobile is a refurbished.

The phone works great and have had no issues at all. I connected the phone with ATT and will test it in D.R. On my next trip.  I believe that Claro will be my choice in D.R. Since Orange operates on a different band which will only give me 2G, but Claro should be able to provide me with 3G according to the specs, but so far, the phone works great. Factory unlocked.

Just bought an unused, in the original box, 3gs... why? Because I couldn't afford a $350- $500 iphone, but needed a better phone than the 2 yr old android I had. This one was only around 25% of the cost of any current iphone. For how old it is (Release June 2009), it does just fine running apps regardless of the ios7 release. There are a lot of apps in the market place that require older ios versions (under 6.1) for optimum performance. My 3gs has 6.1 installed and I haven't found anything that doesn't run on it. Overall, it's quickly becoming one of my most favorite phones because of how well it performs. The texting abilities are a breeze compared to what I had to go through with my android and the functionality is flawless. Even at the time that this phone was made... you can tell a lot of thought and ingenuity went into building this device, and I believe the 3gs was a step in the right direction with in the evolution of iphones. The 3gs, in my opinion, is still worth having... it may not be as fast as the current iphone. With that said... the 3gs is not painfully slow either when it comes to downloads, apps, playing games, movies, internet... etc. My only gripe is no flash for the camera, it still works fine without one. I found the use of this device to be quite pleasant and still up to date. Very happy with my purchase. :)

The iphone is the same that the seller discribe. Is new, and work perfect.I recomend this product for all people who wants to have an iphone and don't want to pay to much por a cel phone.

Thanks but i think ill just stick to my old phone. I do enjoy the games but the phone locked up and i cant get ahold of this france SFR place to fix it. I wont be ordering any more iphones anymore. I do like it its just frozen up and i cant use it atm. Thanks again. I was impressed with the speedy delivery.

As the it says, it came factory unlocked, however, it's been the iphone that has died faster among all I have had so far (4). It lasted only 3 months of normal use. I wouldn't recommend it since I have to buy a new one after three months.

when the battery charge drops to 70% the phone is turned off, data cable does not work.The phone looks new.

I was afraid to purchase an iPhone 5 for my 11 year old but he needed the phone for safety. This iPhone 3 was in perfect condition and his friends all want one now. Easy to order and fast delivery with great price.

used refurbished  lousy battery- died very quickly  do not buy this phone

three days ago to remove the bad rate hoping that I would solve the problem. the phone is useless. also not up service button from the main panel does not work. was a Christmas present and I was forced to give my personal iphone. not want to call. free to contact me via email as any salesman. I am very upset because I feel ripped off and not take away this rate until you have the product under the conditions in which it was purchased. I also lined in this shell. used is not very good is used acceptable, if the problem can not solve my money back.

I received my phone when expected and was very happy with it. I enjoy all it can do and it does it well. I would recommend this company to anyone looking to get a very good phone for a good price. If there had been a charger with it it would've been perfect . but I knew it didn't come with one when I ordered it so it was no surprise. But in all I am very happy with my purchase . Thank you , Mobile spree.

compared to my htc sensation (yes I know that phone is wayy advanced and the comparison would be unfair) which I destroyed by getting it wet, of course it*s hard for me to give the Iphone 3s a fair review.However, here my review:The Iphone 3 is pretty and has most things you would need in a smart phone.I like the texting, even though sometimes texts especially pictures won*t send and I have to send it over and over- despite having service in the area!service..... yes, sometimes there is no service in an area for no reason. kind of annoying. I always had service with my htc so it is not my service provider. My friend who has the Iphone3 says the same thing.. very annoying.I was spoiled by having a gps tell me when to turn - the iphone 3 comes with a navigation system which is a lifesaver so and so often - but you still have to flip thru the steps manually as you go which can get you a ticket or killed at times.Some of the apps I could get for free for Android I have to pay for now.. bummer.The camera is terrible sadly, no flash, and no front screen camera..However, the phone works, it*s pretty, and if you use your phone mainly for calling and texting and only need the internet at times it works very well. I love the way the voicemails are set up!!!I don*t understand btw why apple makes the front screen from glass! I could drop my htc on concrete ten times a day and not a scratch would be on the screen but now when my Iphone  slips my grip I nearly have a heart attack!

Nice iphone 3gs for a good price. In good conditions and ready to use and it is unlocked you can use it in any cellphone company

Came in factory box unopened, my niece hasn't had one problem with it.  Programmed so easy for her straight talk activation

This product looks great! but it not work as expected, sometimes it restart itself without any cause, when i receive calls I cannot hear the caller's voice, the same occurs when i make calls, no body can hear me.If you ask me if i would purchase this or another used product  from this vendor.  My answer is NOT, radically.With this product really feel that i lost my money.

After having a few weeks with the phone, I just was frustrated how badly it worked. It connected to the network but then work shut off for awhile even the wifi would not connect. The battery would die very fast and the headphones was not working. It just was not good at all. Just know what you are buying online before you get it.

The seller had this phone listed as used but in good condition.......the phone was actually in excellent condition.  Much better than what I had expected it to look like.  Arrived very quickly as well; very pleased with this purchase.

It is really brand new factory unlocked Iphone 3GS and no issues at all. It is nice and great phone.

I ordered it for other than myself, but I did ask for review. As the person said it is a great purchase and very satisfied with it. Came with the original boxing just like You buy it in an apple store personally. Perfect in every single way, especially the pricing.

I ordered a used iphone and it came on time, unlocked, updated, and in the exact condition that was listed. I have not had any issues with this phone. Compared to the price of other new or used iphones, this is a great buy. I would buy from this seller again.

works good. you can bank on apple product though pricy. Limited with what you can personally do compare to android phone.

The unlocked 3GS is a great phone.  The remarkable thing is that there was no programming involved whatsoever when I put in my Simple Mobile (T-Mobile) chip.  Calls, texts and internet work fine right from the get-go.

This phone is advertised as "New", definitely not true: the signs of tear and wear are there. The box is not official,so it is refurbished at best. It says "factory unlocked not jailbroken", but menu Settings-About-Carrier says "T-Mobile".The battery on the unit I received was dead: it did not charge. The box and charger had signs of glue and dirt, theytried to make it look like factory wrapping, but did not try hard.I am considering filing a claim to small business court: this is a false advertisement.

I wanted an iPhone and not really bothered about latest technology.... This little guy works great.. at a great price.. runs iOS 6 and its unlocked phone!! It was activated and working in first try and it was easy... I just needed to insert valid SIM before it can be activated (It wouldn't be activated on WiFi only without SIM card).. It was arrived on time.

Excelente

This is a great phone with a great price. The phone had virtually no scratches. It works well with my T-Mobile sim card. The phone was already updated to iOS 6 when I received it, so I only had to insert my sim to use it.

I've owned a Iphone 3gs before but it feel in a bucket of water. I wanted an iphone but I did not wanted the 4 or the 5. In my opinion the 3g and 3gs were the best built models. The product arrived before the estimated date, it was unlocked and the quality looked (and works) like new.

It stopped working before I knew it. It would not charge.

It was very good but some of the keys are not working, so i was constrained to send it back.

The power button was broke even though shipping was good.  I hoped a brand new phone. Otherwise it is good working.

I used the iPhone for today's , and i can not hear . The headphones work fine , and also the speaker phone . I asked a phone technician and he said something is wrong with the phone . The problem is that I am in israel with the phone until June 30.What shall I do?Dr David naveh

Great product. Works 100%. Costumer's support is outstanding. The item arrived on schedule in perfect conditions. Congratulations to the company.

Apple is as apple does....thank God! :-) love this phone! It works perfectly, was unlocked and came with clear instructions about how to connect to the iStore, etc. Love it.  Mine was white, not black as pictured. I didnt care because it's covered anyway.  But if you do care, you may want to make sure.  Also, mine is slightly cracked, the shell on back, close to the charging inut.  Does NOT interfere with operations but just FYI.  I've chosen to keep it because it works perfectly.  Arrived when expected.  Good value for the price.

Love this phone. it arrived exactly as described and was factory unlocked and not at all jail broken (like my other phone from a cellular service provider). I could set up our new phone plan in about 10 minutes and it is fully up to date! I will recommend this seller to every one I know.Thanks again!

Knowing that this phone its actualy very old in the market, i love it, its gorgeous!!! I want to start to used

This product did not have a plastic module that holds the SIM card. It was not sealed and had scratches at corners.I was disappointed by this company.

The iPhone was claimed to be new and unopened. Yet, the iPhone was visibly used. The screen was very dirty and the edges were crusted with dirt. There was no charger with it and the quality of the entire purchase was very poor. I bought an iPhone with them before and it was fine, yet the following iPhones were very bad. They don't even deserve to be claimed as iPhones!!DO NOT PURCHASE ANY PHONES WITH THEM!!!!!!!!It is not even worth returning.

If you need to enjoy all the goodies a smart phone has, this is it! No contracts, factory unlock, great price.

This product is good, durable and seems to be exactly like described.My dad is using this phone and he is really happy with this.

i got this phone as a gift for my nephew i have had iPhone 3gs before so i know how they work , the phone is in mint condition but did not come with a charger, the phone is factory unlocked as promised and did not ship in the amount of time that it should this is also understandable and acceptable once you use the phone for the first time.

Had a little issue at first but once that was sorted out, it worked fine, Good phone for a decent price, had no problems with it. would recommend.

I needed an unlocked 3gs iPhone to use with my T-Mobile account. This phone came in an Apple box, never been used or repaired. I checked out many sites before I settled on this seller and I'm glad I did.

When I bought I chose  it from the new phones option.I ordered a new, unlocked 3gs iPhone. This one won't work properly, I can't even do a restart on iTunes!

This phone is just as the seller describe it, it works very well. Only complaint is, it does not have the volume that our old phone did. But of course this is not the sellers fault.

it said it was unlocked but it wasn't, but the owner was nice enough to return the item with a future discount

Phones are working good. The phones initially did not accept the charge then I found out that it is because of the cable and the power adapter. So I bought new cables from autozone and power adapter from Walmart to fix the problem and it worked. Some of the marks on the phones does not imply me that it is a brand new one and guess may be a used one. That is what the packaging label also indicated. Not original packaging.  Any way for $135 this phone is ok until to get another newer version. Basically the features are working good. You can buy this phone but do not trust the cable and their power adapter. IMJ

Have had the phone for less than 18 hours and the stupid thing is continuously restarting and unusable. Returns are a MESS with this seller as well... Don't buy it.

I bought 3,2 was excellent,1 was terrible ,got 3 chargers 2 worked perfectly and one fell apart as soon as I tried it, overall I would rate the transaction 8 out of 10,i do thank you and I will purchase from u guys again, thanks in advance

looks brand new with retail packaging (as shown in the picture) ...wifi got disconnected couple of times but issue solved after rebooting the phone...hope its not an issue..other than that no issues with the phone so far....

I really like it. works good and smooth. I bought it used. both of the were clean and in a very good condition. it came really fast on expedited shipping with a few bucks more. but it is worth the money i paid. I like it.

Nice phone, great value, I was looking for an iphone, but didnt want to pay $300 or $400 for a newer version, so I went with this 3gs.  It arrived in like new condition with all the features of the iphone for a much more affordable price.

The phone is working great, my husband likes it.  Never had an apple phone before, even if it's the older model it works good.

I order a iPhone 3GS and i got an use iPhone 3G and the on/off botton is not working properly . I am returnig the product and i hope they send me a new iPhone 3GS wish i paid for.

This item surpassed my expectations.  I could not tell that the iPhone was used.  I needed an iPhone with the capabilities to support Square credit card reader.  Works great and included recharging cable.

it had a few scratches in the back of the phonethe screen looked great, brand new.however the the plug in wall charger does not work and cannot make the phone chargehad to buy a iphone charger.overall its a good phone battery is great, i can do everything i want and it functions very well.

Thanks! I am happy with the product. Everything was deliver on time and works perfectly!

I ordered two &#34;New&#34; iPhones, what i received were refurbished phones. I was planning to gift it but.....Now I visited apple outlet and bought tow &#34;New&#34; iPhone 4s...

I Think I am returning this item, first of all, because they where not clear of the &#34;New&#34; phone, that it looks like new but the accesories are not original, and the battery from the phone lasts so little.

I was shopping for a replacement of 3GS after my daughter broke my phone. I was worried with some of the reviews after I placed the order. The Phone was in very good condition, unlocked, I just had to insert the SIM card and restore the backup from iCloud. I just had to spent 5 minutes to get going with this phone. I will certainly recommend this seller to my friends.

Crappy phone, completely lied, Not Jailbroken! Was told by 2 different cellular carriers they couldn't do anything with the phone! Complete waste of my money worst purchase to date from Amazon!

The telephone appeared to be newThe phone works great , our sim was easy to install ( transfer )and we are happy

The device sent by this merchant to me did not work. It did not charge even leaving it plugged in for more than 24 hours. On top of all that, the device failed to activate.

We are military and it is extremely difficult to get companies to send iPhones overseas. This company provided that service and had it to us in Belgium in about a week. The phone was as described. However, the volume is very low and makes it difficult to hear any kind of ringtones, alert, etc.... I will contact the company and see about possibly replacing this one.

I ordered the Apple iPhone 3GS 8GB Black Factory Unlocked / Not Jailbroken from PUT group USA and received the item exactly as it was described (i.e. new).  The phone holds its charge as expected (about two days of light use) and worked seamlessly once I inserted my T-Mobile sim card.  Comes with the latest OS with which it is compatible(6.1.3). Note that OS 7 is not supported on the 3GS, but the majority of apps will run on it, as does iCloud.  Given the cost of new iPhones (which are admittedly more powerful with crisper displays) I think the $149 that this goes for is a good bargain. If you are also looking for a reasonably priced case, see theeForCity 2 x TPU Rubber Skin Case Compatible With Apple iPhone 3G / 3GS, Clear Smoke Circlewhich I bought for under $3 including postage.  For some inexplicable reason this is cheaper than buying a single case of exactly the same type. It fits the phone snugly, feels nice to the touch, and offers good protection against damage.

The phone is not new! In a new, disgusting smelling body established fee from your old phone, which apparently returned by reason of marriage. Unstable network and in standby mode not received calls. What a disappointment! Moreover, it was a gift! In the end, I throw away 169 dollars.

Does the phone work with Verizon prepay or Straight Talk

Love the phone and got a great price for it. Good for anyone who's looking for a nice cheap and useful smartphone for everyday use. Using for the tmobile line.  works great

got the phone couldn't make it work no matter what I did the damn thing just kept saying &#34;not able to activate&#34; I ended up having to buy another Iphone from att and it work just fine.

iphone arrived quickly completely new along with the headphones and charger.just like it was described in the ad.I am extremely satisfied with this purchase.

I got this phone for my mom , and she loves it she still is new to the iphone .. we are showing her step by step how to use different Apps on the phone but other than that she likes it and its UNLOCKED !!!!!!

iphone keeps an innovate desing, easy to operate, fast in internet an limited with some apps but iphone 3gs is still a good choosefor the price

I paid 135 for this phone and when i received it i had to pay another hundred bucks to fix the screen and unlock it---------do not recomend

Great phone. I bought it for my daughter and she loves it. She has it assigned to Straight talk service and it works great.

The phone needed repair after 15 days, cost me $90.00 and then the battery needed to replaced 7 days after that.The phone was not new as claimed. This has been a horror story.

Easy to use, just love this phone.  My first iPhone glad that it came with direction.  My wife use this phone more than I do, she loves it also.

The phone came sealed and did not have a sign of usage in any way, I Checked up on it with the Apple Store and was told that it was sold to a store here in the US few Years ago and the Warranty on it is Expired, so if you are the kind that take care of your phone, that would be a good choice for you

I'll get to the point. I bought the phone new. I had it only two days when the on/off button fell off. I can still turn it on and off by using my fingernail. The camera's picture quality for low light could be sharper. The box wasn't factory wrapped in plastic when it arrived (which was sooner than its estimated time) so I have to wonder if it really was new. So besides the two flaws it's still a nice phone.

It is a very good phone though is not the most current works excellent recommend i can hear music in my iphone

The phone was maintained very good as described. I tested for 3 weeks and all are working. Shipped very fast. I like the phone.

I bought this phone to replace one exactly like it since my started having problems. I was so excited when I received it; however, it will not import my contacts, capital letters do not work when you push the arrow key and will not even find my carrier. I am so disappointed in this particular purchase.

I was surprised to notice that I still need to have the phone restored before using it. I paid 70 $ to have it restored or ''unlocked'' ( according to the specialist words). The battery is not good, I need to charge twice a day even though I have not used it. I would not recommend anybody to buy it.

Good price for an entry level iPhone. Fast, reliable. Works with T-mobile sim. I pre pay 35$/month. Unlimited data.Cool.
