
After about 4 or 5 months of use, this phone started giving me problems. First, the battery life sucks, only get about 3 hours of life even when it is just idling (so if I forget to plug it in before bed, it is dead when I wake up). Then, calls won't come through even when I have a full signal (I've tested several times with our home phone). That was mildly annoying, until the phone stopped telling me when I have a voicemail too. So people would call and leave messages and I would have no idea. Now, even text messages are not coming through. Don't think it is the service as my husband has the same plan and none of the problems. Butter beware when the price seems too good to be true.

This is a great phone.Bought it for my wife for Christmas, we upgraded from another of Net10's "dumb" phones.  Gets great Verizon reception, very easy to use.  I would buy one for myself if my company didn't provide a BlackBerry for me free of charge.The bells and whistles are amazing for a phone that cost me $99.I did have a little snafu activating my phone transferring from the other Net10 phone using the website.  I called on Christmas day and was pleasantly surprised the call was answered within 2 minutes and the agent helped me very quickly.  Very different from my previous dealings with Net10, having to issue tickets, get support on Facebook, endless waits, etc.  Maybe Net10 is finally stepping their game, after all they are owned by Carlos Slim, the second richest guy in the world!

I have been a Net10 Customer for the past year. I wanted to add kids to my plan. Bought 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Android Phone for Net10 on Amazon. Package arrived this morning... took less than 15 minutes to activate both the phones... Awesome phones.. awesome price ($99 per pop). Kids love the phones...

I am sorry to report that this phone was a huge waste of money!!!!  It was purchased mid Nov.and by Feb. when I would talk on it people on the other end thought I had had a stroke as my voice was very slurred, and distorted.  That was the first thing to go... and it just went from bad to worse from there.  I am not a person that uses a phone for more than texting and making/ receiving calls, however, it was still awful at holding a charge as well!  There are so many little things I was also disappointed withthat I would definately NOT recommend this phone!!!

Ordered this phone without knowing that it required a $50 a month plan.  Once this came to my attention I returned the phone.During the time I had the phone I used it with my wifi.  Its been great for me since I'm a gamer.  Searching the app store specifically for offline games to download while I'm at home.  Game like Candy Crush you can play for free and offline to kill a couple of minutes here and there while you wait.

It does everything that the more expensive smart phones do at 1/4 of the price. Easy to lean how to use and I have never owned a smart phone before. If the others do better then than that is OK because I would not pay more to have one of them compared to this one. Good clear pictures and easy to read. I would recommend it to my friends and have already done so and will get a check for $100 for them buying one. I can take to the phone and it will type what I say for text mail so I don't have to type it myself. The GPS works great also.

This is my second Galaxy Proclaim. in my opinion hands down the best phone for the price. it does 98 percent of everything 300 dollar phones do. and the plans are only $50 a month.

I ordered this phone thinking (because of other reviews) that it would work on StraitTalk.  It Does NOT.  I wanted the phone badly enough though that I just switched to Net10.  As for the phone I love it.  No problems whatsoever so far. Pictures are great, I can play games, get online, and read books with no problems.  So if you are with Net10 or dont mind switching then I definitely recommend this phone. Do NOT buy it if you are with StraitTalk, though, as it absolutely will not work.

Spend over an hour on the phone after I received it when I was first told by them it would. That's ok Net 10 is a sister company, so I will switch. Although I didn't plan on it..Also could of got free shipping but I paid for standard shipping thinking it would get here faster, Nope! 4 days late as Fedex Smartpost (is a joke) and they sent it from Kansas to Texas to Florida to Georgia and back to Florida. Good luck if they ship it that way!The phone is what it is, and it is a good phone. Seller did NOT reply back to me when I emailed them.

Net 10 is one of the worst carriers ever!!  do not use -- you will loose your phone connection periodically, get hung up on, have to replace your phone - and that's all within the last 6 months!!  worst service ever!!!!!!!!!!

I've had my Samsung Galaxy Proclaim for a few weeks now and can say it does everything I was hoping for and then some. I used to drop calls left and right before but this runs on the Verizon Network and I have yet to drop a call. If you check the phone description on Google Play it says "Verizon Samsung SCH-S720C". You also activate the phone and voice-mail through Verizon activation numbers, so basically you are getting the Verizon pre-paid Samsung Illusion but instead of paying their 80$ a month plan you pay only 50$ a month on Net10.I would give it 5 stars if it had a larger screen, 3.5 is a bit small. Also it runs only 2.3 Gingerbread, I'm hoping they at least update it to 4.0 ICS but I'm not holding my breath. I could have opted to use the BYOD (bring your own device) and bought a unlocked phone and SIM card or waited a few months and got a Galaxy S2 when it comes to Net10 but In the long run having a phone run on a reliable network meant the most to me.

It plays youtube vids without wifi. Just with 3G or whatever this kinda internet is in Joshua TX. And it doesn't even buffer! It can do everthing i wanted it for & more.

I really like this phone.  The price is right and it is easy to use. My husband has problems with anything that has a touch screen so I don't have to worry about him borrowing it all the time and that is just fine with me.

I live in Millry, Alabama and so we hardly ever get a signal. But this phone was by net10 and Ran on Verizon, which was perfect for up here. The only thing I hated was I had to do a factory reset after the first day because it stopped calling/texting/browsing. I called net10 and they were very nice people and told me the code to put in to reset it. The cards are at the dollar store to so we won't have to drive 30 minutes out of our way to get a straight talk card. And, on the other hand. My mom bought me a straight talk card for the phone because she didn't know, I called them and told them and they transferred it over for me to have the $50 unlimited. I have never heard of another company doing that for you, I know straight talk wouldn't. Love this phone!

I purchased this Samsung Galaxy Proclaim because of all the good reviews.  Everyone said that it worked well on Straight Talk even though it has Net10.  I just called Straight Talk and was told they could not activate this phone without a sim card!!  I have purchased a Straight Talk $45.00 - 30 day service card at Walmart and a $150.00 phone that I can not use.  DO YOU HAVE ANY SUGGESTIONS??

i have had mine for about a week now and i find myself charging it while i sleep and then again at work. iwas told that is to be expected of a smart phone but i hate it,i do how ever LOVE the phone its every thing i wanted and more.

The device worked fine at first, but started glitching after a week of use.I thought I could live with the glitches at first (the GPS was malfunctioning, then the text messaging), but then it randomly short circuited and now it won't even power up or charge!!!I got on Amazon today only to realize that my return window closed YESTERDAY!Boooooo! Somebody help me out! I'm sure its a great phone when it isnt defective... :/Can I please get it replaced?

I've owned this phone for a few weeks now and it's been pretty reliable. My only regrets are the phone's small size and slow internet speeds. The small size makes it tedious to type on and gives you only a 3.5 inch screen on which to watch videos. A later model phone such as the Samsung Galaxy 3 with a nearly 5 inch screen looks gorgeous and still fits easily into your front pocket. The internet speed was better when I first bought the phone but slowed down after about a week. The 3G (rather than 4G) is adequate for light internet usage but not downloading videos and such.

When I bought this phone, the identical ones were $200 in store. I saved tons, and is great as a 1st android phone

All the applications that I needed are working fine. I have recommended this device to friends and family. Thanks you.

This is the best deal I have had.  I just hope that I can use all the great things this phone can do for me.

The first 6 months I loved this phone. Runs on Verizon so great reception, speaker phone picks my voice up super, east to use and navigate, battery lasted a long time. More suddenly my battery won't hold a charge for more than 3 hours max and the phone gets so hot that it will stop charging and I get worried about it starting a fire. Upon suggestion I replaced the battery butt that diff not fix the problem. I am so bummed that I now have to replace this phone so soon.

This is my first smart phone, which is through Net10. I don't have any other experience with one, but it appears to meet my needs. I downloaded a couple of apps for the calendar and reminder alerts. Once that was done, I was satisfied.

The screen is beautiful. Great colors and easy to read even in bright sun light. The camera makes really nice pictures and its focus range is from inches to infinity.

So Not Happy... This phone DOES NOT WORK with straight Talk, do not be fooled by other reviews! I spent over two hours on the phone with both Straight Talk and Net10. This phone may or may not be nice, I will never know. It is now an expensive paperweight as Net10 does not work where I am, straight Talk barely did that is why I chose this phone and the fact some idiot gave such rave reviews about the Straight Talk working with this phone.

This is a great choice for my grandson.  He had a GSM phone and it worked only part time.  This is. CDMA phone and so far he has gotten a lot of service and enjoyment compared to the previous pho ne.  My grandson is 13 and needs a reliable phone.  His old phone was used mostly on trips but this one is much better with the verizon service.  The price is great and the packaging was good.

I get a lot of screen flickering on this phone with heavy use and I've had it freeze up once. Overall this is a very good entry level Droid. Most of the apps work really well and Verizon comes in so many places my AT&T phone didn't.

people don't get this phone sucks don't even go with net10 they are not unlimited data net10 just cancel my data wtf not cool just go with boost mobile or virgin mobile they at least don't cancel your data straightalk & net10 will cancel your data I got 2 phones one for me & other one for my sister we both got our data cancel :(

I don't feel comfortable writing a full review of this product. It was purchased for a teenage child. He happened to choose this particular item and I have not heard anything negative regarding it. It is used with a Net 10 reloadable account. No news is good news, as far as I am concerened.

This is my first real smart phone.  I did have a Nokia E71 in the past, and it was ok, but I just couldn't get used to the very small buttons.I LOVE this phone.  I am not a very technically minded person, and I was able to figure it out for the most part.  I did, however, have to read the manual on how to answer a call.  For those of you who get this phone, all you have to do is drag the green phone icon into an open space to the right to answer a call.Previously, I was using straighttalk as my provider, but it seems (so far at least), that Net10 is just as good.The reception in my house with previous phones has always been difficult, but I haven't lost a call yet with this phone.  The clarity is terrific too!I am having one problem with the phone though.......it keeps losing my sim card which has pictures on it.  Is anyone else having this problem???  If so, and you have the "fix" for it, please email me at LadyBerard@aol.com.  Thank you!LOVE LOVE THIS PHONE!

The Proclaim is as great phone that uses the Verizon network. The battery life is decent, it last for me all day. I have had The Net 10 Fusion phone on ATT network before and the Proclaim phone is MUCH better.

I'm not sure if it is just me or if anyone else can help.  I've had this phone for a couple months.  This is now the second phone,  I purchased it originally from walmart and activated it.  I can use the phone fine with almost everyone I talk to on the daily basis, however when I talk to my girlfriend (she has verizon iphone 4s) it seems that my phone from about the 5-10 minute mark starts cracking and squealing and screeching, I then have to hang up the phone and call her back, she don't hear this, it's only on my end.  However when I had the Samsung 375, (cheapy bar phone) it worked wonderfully, and we never had an issue talking.  It's only on this phone and that's it.  It only happens when I talk to her, no one else do I have this issue with. I'm at this point so confused about this and want to get this issue resolved.  Their customer service don't seem to be able to help due to the language barrier (unsure of which country i'm calling when I call for help)The phone itself is very fast and holds a decent charge (reminiscent of the early days when android first started coming out.)  So it's not the greatest battery life in the world.  But it gets the job done.  The apps are good and the voice quality (I live in Northeast Cincinnati Ohio ((VERIZON IS AMAZING))) The Micro SD slot accommodates up to 32GB.  I'm a power user of phones and have never had an issue with the DATA limitations.  Simply setup wherever you have wifi.  PANERA, Mcdonalds, Starbucks, IHOP, etc...  and there should never be an issue. Should only take a minute to get on at the most. Never had any of the phone dying issues like other users on here have reported. Its a very rugged and reliable phone, a little slow on the charging side of things.  I am determined to keep this phone as long as I can.  I have traveled with Straight talk and they are great to be with.  The  Samsung Galaxy Proclaim is a CDMA-V phone.  You can see this on the bottom left or bottom right corner of the front of the package. If it just says CDMA then more than likely you are with sprint.  (that's a six letter word I never want to hear or say again)

The first proclaim was great, but this one locks up a lot. You have to remove the battery and reboot the phone to unlock it. Update 9-23-2013, The phone is OK but net10 customer service is terrible. It took about 9 hours on the phone over 3 weeks to my granddaughter's phone reactivated. I would not recommend net10 because of their customer service.

With Net10 wireless this phone has it all, but no zoom camera again for the price I am really impressed.

First, and most importantly for some of us, this phone use Verizon towers.  This phone is a great entry-level Android phone.  If you want a great camera that works in low-light, has a flash and looks like a point and shoot, then pay more for a 2 year contract.  Other than that, the service is the same thing as Verizon.  You can make and receive calls from almost anywhere and your Internet is quick.  You won't find a lot of accessories but odds are you want to save money every month and you are OK with spending $45 per month instead of $80+.

I have to be honest, I bought this phone not realizing it ran on Verizon's networks, but to my disbelief I tried to make a call before activating it and I got the "Welcome to Verizon, you don't have a plan" message.  This is powerful enough to run anything android 2.3 demands and is actually quit snappy (more than I expected).  This phone is very responsive!  The only caveat is that it won't scan bar-codes (but does do QR codes).  For the price however, you can't go wrong.

love the phone would recommend it to anyone, good phone for the beginner it has a lot of  good apps

Bought 2 one for me and the wife.Good quality easy to use,nice to stay in touch with e-mail and the web. Thumbs up Samsung!

It clearly stated this phone was with it's sister company straight talk and would be 'no issues at all' to transfer to my straight talk service.  Straight talk doesn't use this phone so I was out the entire money I spent on this phone.

I have had my straight talk phone for about 9 months now. Have had real good luck with it! Love it!

Tracfone & Straight Talk have had this little Android gem for four months now. Its just become available for Net10 but its not available directly from Net10 yet. I only found it here at Amazon and for a great price, $40 less than anywhere else. Got it Amazon Prime free shipping in two days. The user manual is as bad as people complain for Tracfone. I mean bad. Get the manual from Samsung and its just slightly better. Fortunately, there is a good manual at the Straight Talk site. Just enter galaxy proclaim in the site's search box & go to the proclaim picture.Straight Talk is run for Walmart by the same company that owns TracFone and Net10. Walmart must have had something to do with Straight Talk having a decent manual. Wish I had the Straight Talk manual two days ago!The Net10 manual is seriously bad on setting up voice mail and on text messaging & on the main reason i buy any Android phone, the phone! An Android phone is more complex and less intuitive than using a basic quality flip phone. A person needs decent user documentation. For the other Android mini-tablet functions any Android user can figure out his way with any Android smart phone.TIP: Ignore the Net10 manual's instructions for setting up voice mail. You'll pull your hair out with what is missing. Instead, follow the simple instructions on the Net10 website. Do the press "1" and "#" key and enter a password and you'll just get an error message telling you that you have a symbol that cannot be used. When you figure out that the system sees the 1 & # key you pressed to activate setup, you then notice the backwards key disappeared after you pressed the # key. Instead press *86 then "send" symbol and follow the instructions. This setup does ignore the *86 that still shows.Forget the support phone number in the documentation 1-877-836-2368. (Be ready for the net10 telephone answering computer to tell you your serial number is not legitimate.) I activated through the online net10 website process.  Use the Net10 number at net10.com: 1-877-836-2368.Do not let the wack crowd tell your this is an inferior Android phone. Read the section in the Straight Talk manual on how to improve speed and function of the Proclaim. It is a quality Samsung Android 2.3 phone.The Proclaim is my first Android phone but certainly not my first Android touch screen device. I have the better-than-IPod Samsung Galaxy 4.0" Player, the new Samsung 7" tablet and two models of Novo Advanced 7" tablets. All excellent quality Android devices.Like my other Samsung devices, the Proclaim charges and connects by way of a standard micro USB and a USB adapter wall plug. This is the customer friendly way to do it as that makes accessories and charging simple for you.I recommend the Proclaim. Its quality design and make and the price is right. You'll pay more for inferior LG Optimus and Net droids and it has something no Apple product has, a user replaceable battery.

So far so good with the Net10 phone.  It is easy to use and connects will with a wealth of Android apps.

I really like the phone. For 45 dollars a month unlimited everything its awesome. I use the navigation and it works perfect.. I have the Amazon Kindle app so I can read my books on phone when I don't have my kindle. Facebook works good.. A lot of cool free apps.. But Yesterday I woke up and My text to speech was not working. Then my bf called and he couldn't hear me, like my speaker wasmessed up. So I called straight talk customer service. He had me reset my phone and it still didn't work.. Then Last night b4 I went to bed I tried to text to speech for a text message just because and it started working again.. Then I made a call and the other person could hear.. Now today I just made a call and my speaker is incredibly loud. I can't even hold the phone up to my ear  cuz I can hear as if the speaker phone is on.. I'm sending the phone in and getting a new one off the warranty that comes with phone.  I'm also going without a phone for ten days to wait for the new one. grrrr

For my video review go to youtube and search for"Samsung Galaxy Proclaim ( rooted hotspot ) review" usacomputertecThis is a great smart phone for what it is. It does everything an Android smart phone does.What it lacks is a flash for the camera, a slide out keyboard, and a dual core processor.The battery does not last long.For a battery solution watch the other video mentioned in this video.What it does do is work on Verizon without bandwidth limits, and is great for a rooted hotspot.

This is an okay phone, as long as you will never need to select anything from the keypad during a call. I would place a call and as soon as the other end picked up, the screen would go black. I would have to take the cover off the back and remove the battery to be able to end the call. And if you needed to "select 1 for english" or any other options from an answering system, well you can just forget about it, cause the screen is black. I got sick and tired of this after an entire month. Tired of Net10 also. I switched to i-wireless and they've been awesome. Their phone is better also.

I was skeptical initially about this phone.  But it has stood the test of time. I have had it 4 months now and I have never had it 'freeze up'. Not once.  I have excellent reception and enjoy all the apps available.  Pretty good voice to text...but likely would be better if I didn't mumble so badly!  Battery has made it through the entire day for all 4 months except for 2 heavy use days.  The battery is definitely drained at the end of the day and needs to be recharged...but it lasted until I returned home.  Typing on the key pad is not that easy for my large fingers...but doable. I send 20 to 30 texts a day with only minor irritation about the size of the keyboard...I can live with that. I have recommended this phone and straighttalk to most of my friends.  No complaints about the phone or straighttalk from a guy who was previously with Verizon for over 15 years. Porting my phone number online was easy for me to achieve and took all of 15 to 20 minutes to do.

I really enjoy this phone it does a fantastic job with apps and calls are clear, easy to hear. The GPS navagation is just amazing and I only paid about 160 for it from Walmart here in town. Would of bought here but no real price difference and needed to get the unlimited plan card for 45 too.Looking around most people give this about 3 stars stating it freezes up a lot. I did experience this the first day or two but for the past month only the camera a couple of times under heavy use. Took a two hour boat ride and only used my phone did about 100 pictures. and maybe 10-15 min of video. The phone did freeze then like 3 times during this in which case I did have to restart it but otherwise it has been fine.Games are a bit weird. I have Style me Girl and Top Girl which seemed glitchy when I first installed them. After a re install they have worked fine. Other apps like my Rift Mobile app, Facebook, and of course Amazon have had no troubles at all with. Video has been great with a nice clear picture.Oh! Yes this will shorten the life the phone can go before needing to recharge. Battery seems fine for me. Sure I want more but who don't? If I only had to charge it once a month I would want one that goes longer but the battery seems to do fine. Even with a hour or so on the web and 30 to 40 min on a game Im fine. Though I will need to charge it when I get home. Just talking with people here and there I can go a couple days without charging but don't get in that habbit.I don't know if its the phones fault or just it being a Android. They have a reputation for being buggy which is why most favor the Iphone or a Windows, so do I, but hard to find that in this price range and the 45 a month unlimited phone,web and messages blows the other plans out of the water!I was thinking of swapping phones when the windows 8 ones come out, now, I'm not so sure. Yeah, they will probably be a bit more reliable and have some nice features this don't but much more in price this is fitting my needs perfect. You will have to decide for yourselfThis is my first phone review. I am no expert at all but hope people find it helpful.

I researched many phones and pre-paid plans before deciding on this phone.  I read all the reviews and everyone seemed pleased with their phone so I gave it a try.  I am really enjoying it, it took a while for me to 'learn' how to use some features but I have not had any problems.

The phone performed well enough for me, but didn't have data service from the day I received it. The browser and all apps which required an internet connection would work only from wifi no matter where I was. Upon calling Net10 and struggling with the canned responses and poor English of the support team for around two hours they determined the problem was the phone itself and that I needed to send it in for a replacement: A procedure which involves waiting them to send me a mail slip, sending them my phone and waiting for another one. I have since been without my phone for over two weeks and cannot check on my support ticket. I liked the phone for what it was while I had my home network, but cannot rate it highly with the malfunctioning hardware and poor support.

I bought this as a STRAIGHTTALK customer for about 5 years now because I kept seeing mention of it being able to be a ST phone.  Well, that isn't true.  I had to port my number to net 10.My son knows more about what to do and how to do it on here but I am slowly figuring things out myself too.I would like to know why the heck the text message ringtone won't change when I change it (not sure if the call ringtone does the same or not) and I don't care for how the tone keeps playing even tho you have opened read and are replying to the text.I was able to bring all my ringtones from my other phone onto this sd card and with my sons help and an app, turned them into usable tones for this phone but am noticing they should pretty crappy for no known reason. I don't care for having to constantly push the on/unlock button for the main thing.  The booklets that come with are pretty useless where any real info on how to do quite a bit is concerned.I wouldn't do it again if it were to do all over but all in the all, am liking it ok.

My issue is with straight talk and their customer service. They are nice, but lack the ability to help their customers.I was a customer for about 4 months and had my account set to refill automatically with autopay. My account was up to date and paid.Woke up to find my phone was turned off for insufficient funds. So I waited until their service center opened at 8am est. And had them re-activate my phone, but in the process they reset my account, which lost my messages and data. Great service until there is a problem.

I love the phone but I have one problem. The location of the power button and the volume button are a problem for me. I am constantly turning down the volume and not knowing it. Having either of the buttons in another location would solve my problem.

This is my first smart phone, so I don't know how it compares.  But it's a great starter phone.  Easy to set-up (with Net10 service) and use.  Haven't had any problems with it so far, Net10 service has been good too.  Easy to transfer an existing phone number, lots of apps available, and it was a good price from amazon.

I'm SO ANGRY with this phone. I'm the one who never wanted a &#34;smart phone&#34;. Send and End are just fine for me. When it first arrived, I loved it.  Unfortunately, when I renewed my monthly minutes with Net10 just 6 months after the purchase, it took TWO AND A HALF HOURS to work through &#34;issues&#34; of actually getting service. That is two and a half hours WASTED! Who can afford to take that much time out of a work day to worry about IF it is going to work. I contacted a customer service rep to help thinking surely THEY would be able to make it work. By the end of the session, we were both frustrated and angry with Net10 and their LACK of ability to expedite any possibility of success. Once we were finally able to get the phone to RECEIVE calls, any attempt to MAKE a call was a failed attempt. Every outgoing call was ended by the phone within 2 seconds of making the call. I would NOT reccommend this phone, and certainly WARN anyone using Net10 that once you make a purchase, it is final. No refunds or exceptions. UNBELIEVABLE!

I love this phone 1st Android phone...pretty cool ..cool price thanks Amazon...was going to order from wally world but I checked here and the price was right..Net 10 customer already, as I am on a budget..this is the first of many..

I just got this Straight Talk Phone, from Straight Talk.com, the phone was FREE, with FREE Overnight Fed-Ex shipping, No charge for anything except the $45.00 for the unlimited everything first months plan. That's all I paid. All that for $45.00 and it's all on the Verizon network!People seem to shy away of going Prepaid, to me, I am afraid of NOT going prepaid and paying over $100.00 a month for the same exact phone and service I would get with a regular plan phone. I feel sorry for those that pay over a hundred a month when it is so unnecessary, just a total waste of money! It's like reaching in your pocket or purse, taking out $50 - $60 and just lighting it on fire and watching it burn every single month! Duh?  Hello? With Straight Talk you get Verizon, Unlimited Web/Data, Text and Voice, it's Unlimited Everything!!!! And sometimes you can use the smart phone you already have (I could have used my existing phone, but when I saw I could get a free one I did that, now I have two Smart Phones) for less than half of what I used to pay. I used to have Verizon, with a measly 450 Minutes, unlimited Text and a mere 200 MB Web/Data, after taxes and all, it came to $109.99 a month, I now get the same phone and service except Unlimited Web/Data for $45.00 per month, you'd have to be mentally fried not to go with Straight Talk! I now get more for a lot less, wake up people and smell the SAVINGS!As I like to say, &#34;Don't be Afraid, Go Prepaid!&#34;

I love this phone. Bought one for myself and another for my spouse. I'm use to GSM cheap phones on the straightalk network and this one just blows my mind how fast it is and how the verizon network coverage is. decided to switch to net10 because i don't like how a lot of the straightalk phones are pricey. i can't believe the quality of youtube, email, browsing the web, and apps are on this phone and i'm only paying 40-45 a month for service for it! one word, &#34;AWESOME&#34;!

Let me start by saying that I bought this phone from the Straight Talk website and not through Amazon.  I wish I had bought it on Amazon but I wasn't sure if it'd work with Straight Talk since it said Net10 for the provider.  If this works for Straight Talk as well, you would save a lot more money buying from Amazon instead.On to my review then:  For the first week or so, it was working pretty well.  Being my first smart phone, I was downloading a lot of apps.  Then all of a sudden a week later, the phone would just kick me off the data plan which means I kept getting my 3G connection dropped and it continued that way for another 2 weeks until I was ready to give up.  I even tried calling Straight Talk to see if they could help me troubleshoot but if you're lucky enough to reach a representative, that person most likely is a total idiot.  I think my rep was just rattling off some pre-printed instructions and couldn't help at all.My next step was going to send it back before the first 30 days expired.  Of course, I'd have to pay for the return shipping so as a last resort, I figured I would try rebooting the entire phone altogether so I reformatted/reset and went back to default factory settings.  Wow, what a difference! I'm thinking one of the apps I installed caused the phone to crash but I still don't know which one.  I ended up reinstalling most, if not all of the apps and have not had a problem since.  It's been 2 months now and for the most part it's working pretty well.  Call signal-wise, it's strong even though I live in a valley neighborhood that usually kills most cell phone signals.  However, my 3G signal does get dropped when I'm inside my home except in the living room.  There it works well or okay, but in the kitchen, bedroom, and bathroom, the 3G signal will get dropped.  That's a little inconvenient at times but I'm willing to live with it for now.Compared to my previous Samsung which was a semi-smart phone, this phone has a lot more capabilities.  Sometimes download can be slow but that's probably because I have a lot of apps installed already or the signal isn't that strong.  Having the option to add more memory with a microSD card is really convenient for all the songs I download and the pictures I occasionally take.  The picture quality taken with the camera feature is just okay, image isn't very crisp and there's no flash so can't really use it except in daylight.  Youtube videos play without a hitch but I've noticed other streaming videos have some freeze frames from buffering.  I don't play games or watch that many videos so it's not a big deal.  I just love being able to use the internet to search for practically anything.  Really useful when I don't have my laptop with me.  I do charge my battery daily but if you don't use it much, it might last you a whole 2 days.I bought the 1-year plan already that ends up costing me less than $45/month.  If I had stayed on Verizon, it would have cost me a minimum of $85 per month with max of 1GB data.  I don't even use 10% of that so it's not a big deal but saving 50% a month is.  As long as the phone keeps on working and I don't have to talk to any Straight Talk reps, I'm fine.I would recommend this phone to people who do not need the latest smart phones but who want the convenience of smart phone capabilities for a way cheaper price than the big carriers.  It still uses the Verizon network so if you like Verizon, this is a great way to save a lot of money.

Purchased a Samsung Galaxy Proclaim about 6 months ago. Overall I am happy with the phone and the service from Net10. While this phone does use the Verizon network it is the "pre-paid" network not their regular network. While the pre-paid network is very broad, and much better than either T-mobile or AT&T, it does have some holes in it. Do not expect the full featured Verizon network, there is a difference. I have been in some remote areas like Northern MN and Northern NM - in each area I lost service while a friend that had a Verizon phone and service was completely connected. So before you buy the Galaxy Proclaim take a look at Verizon's pre-paid service map and make sure that you have coverage in the areas you will be using the phone. Over all this phone has all the features that I need and use on a regular basis. My only complaint would be battery life... This phone eats up the battery when you use it - you best have a charger handy at all times! I keep a charger in each of my vehicles, a cord in my computer bag that travels with me where ever I go along with home charger.

This is my first smart phone, and I am very happy with the design.  It has a bright screen and a loud speaker.  It does have two drawbacks that are well documented on the web.  1) The battery lasts about 10 hours.  I have to recharge it during the day at work.  2) When the phone is in auto brightness mode the screen flickers very noticeably.

This phone works okay, but it turns on by itself in my pocket and the settings change so I am always having to reset it. It constantly goes into airplane mode because the button on the side pushes in and then I don't receive any calls until I set it back again. I wish I had bought something else.

This is a good little phone that has excellent reception because of the Verizon towers....a step down from my S II...but not bad for the price

I was just wondering if this phone will work with the straight talk network since I see it says net10 on it.

Little out of date but totally functional! I should have bought more memory, still can, this model competes with IPhones well

I rarely write reviews but I was moved to write this one by the great value of this phone. For $99 you get a very good Android phone with a very low priced service. This is how good the value of this product is - after watching my wife use it for a month, I sold my iPhone 4 and bought this device and I couldn't be happier with it. It does everything my iphone 4 did at 1/5 the hardware price and 1/2 the monthly service charges.The complaints I have are -1. Button placement is not great. I am getting used to it though.2. Lack of a flash on the camera, 3 MB is fine for quick snapshots but the iPhone flash was surprisingly effective and I miss it.3. Battery life is lackluster. Plan on charging it basically every night. They make an extended battery. I haven't needed it.4. Call quality is slightly worse, but totally acceptable compared iPhone. (Not sure if this is the phone or the "verizon prepaid" service.)5. Data speeds on the "prepaid verizon" seem slightly worse, but totally acceptable as compared to full-blown verizon service. Maybe I am imagining this or maybe it is the phone that makes it feel slower.6. Net10's website is bad and none of their support people are native English speakers (that I can tell) which makes support slow-going. They are pleasant and eager to help, it just takes patience.What's great about this phone is -1. Unshackle yourself from the apple proprietary ecosystem.2. Unshackle yourself from your cellular contract.3. Great build quality from Samsung - gorilla glass, nice textured back. I am shocked at how nice this phone is for the price. Feels great in your hand (button placement notwithstanding.)4. It is a great size (I'm not fan of the mega-screen phones out these days) and is very lite-weight.I wasn't sure if Android 2.3 is a pro or a con. It is the most common Android version, but not the latest and I expect support gets worse over time.Basically, across all dimensions this phone is slightly worse than an iphone 4 but it is dramatically less expensive. Overall it is very, very good phone and a really great value.If you want latest-greatest, this is definitely not it. If you want a great phone and great value, this is it.I just bought a third one for my son.

First week of owning this phone. BOy is it touchy. BUttons on the side are terrible. You accidentally touch something when you are trying to make a call and screens pop up. Plus, several times now I had to turn it off and back on because people told me I sounded like I was talking under water. Great! What a total waste of money.

It took a little time to get used to using a smartphone but now I love it.  Great phone at a great price.

I started with Virgin when plans were $25/month and got their 1st Android phone.  I was a prepaid pioneer.  I loved the cost but hated the network - Sprint.  I switched to Net10 when I read they offer prepaid on Verizon.  Personally, I have the Samsung 355C which I paid $10 for from The Shack - super sale and have had a great experience with it for the past 7 months, both the phone and the service, which I pay less $17/month (just phone/text).I bought this phone, when I read it was a Android phone on Verizon through Net10, for my wife.  It is so much faster, smoother an OS version than her old LG Optimus V on Virgin/which has good reputation already.  Most importantly, she has solid service anywhere now, especially in our home which she used to have to go outside to make calls.  Activating had a slight hiccup (1) you have to buy a card from a dealer/even if you buy online (2) the number ported fine from Virgin but somehow the phone didn't activate without a call to support... which was surprisingly not bad (Virgin support is awful, both seem to be in the Philippines).Buying a prepaid monthly card is not a big deal b/c you can go to Best Buy and get a immediate e-card which sends you the code via e-mail.  One thing I noticed is that Net10 does not push their Verizon offerings so you have to know what your getting.  So the Net10 phones with "c" at the end of the model are Verizon.  If you search on their website for your area they often mask the "C" phones even if coverage is available in your area.  The way to get around is to buy from Amazon like I did and activate it anyways.Great phone, great/fast stable OS so far, great Verizon service, tolerable Net10 support - super cheap price.  What's not to like?

After reading reviews of the Galaxy Proclaim and its ability to use the respected Verizon network thru Straight Talk, and after verifying this with several sources, we decided they were the new phones for my wife and me. After 11 days of use and four conversations with ST Customer Service and Tech Support, here's what you should know.  When you subscribe to ST you will give them your ZIP code. This defines the area your ST service will have priority on the Verizon towers for the best service. OTHER AREAS, EVEN AREAS WITHIN 4 OR 5 MILES OF YOUR DESIGNATED ZIP CODE, WILL HAVE A LOWER PRIORITY THEN MAY BE ACCEPTABLE FOR GOOD OR EVEN ACCEPTABLE PHONE SERVICE! THIS IS IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND IF YOU DON'T WANT TO PUT UP WITH DROPPED CALLS AND SPOTTY RECEPTION... We live in a suburban area of Minneapolis, population 3.2 million. We frequent a neighboring community just 5 miles away - a community of 100,000 (Shakopee) which includes the state horse racing complex, a large outdoor amusement park, one of the largest Indian casino & entertainment complexes in the Midwest, and a major wholesale car auction. Both communities are on level ground and served by major state highways. Unbelievably, in this area our two Proclaim phones consistently suffer from repeatedly dropped words in conversations - a dropped word or two every 5 or 6 words - making conversations frustrating and basically unusable. We also dropped calls. Straight Talk told me on three occasions this is because we're outside our designated ZIP code and therefore receive a "low priority" on other Verizon towers, and there's nothing that can be done about it. During our 11 days with Straight Talk we traveled 200 miles to our cabin in rural west-central Minnesota... the phones and ST service never missed a beat! The Proclaim itself is a great phone for the money. It's a nice size and easy to use. The audio is crystal clear & we had no freeze ups or glitch issues & battery life seemed good. I would assume it will do well on a normal network. (Incidentally, I'm told the Proclaim must be purchased for the network you will use it on - A Proclaim for Net10 can not be made to work on ST, and vise versa). Unfortunately, we need a network we can rely on when we're within just five or ten miles of our home in a major metro area. We've now moved on to T-mobile (Walmart Family) and the Galaxy S IIs and are very happy.  Lesson here is: watch out for spotty coverage with Straight Talk on the Verizon Network, even in major cities. It may work for you, it may not.

I've had this phone for about 2 months now. I have service with Net 10. I'll set my views of Net 10 aside for now (both positive and negative). Overall I'm fairly impressed with the phone. Great call quality. The screen is a bit small (as I found out when using my mother in law's galaxy 2) but it's good for quickly searching and playing games when waiting for appointments. The one thing I did wish was that there was an upgrade to 4 for the Android OS as I've found the battery life with minimal apps running is pretty bad. I have to charge it almost every day if I use it for anything besides calls. It does heat up when you start using it for a while as well. It's a little short on speed only being 3g but works great for keeping my kids entertained in a bind.

I bought two of these phones to use with our new Net10 service and have had nothing but problems from day 1.  One phone would not activate, seemingly a problem with the ESN.  Three days after calling Net10, I was able to get the one activated.  Then the tech problems began.  My wife's phone cannot receive multimedia messages, while mine shuts off by itself no less than 10 times per day.  The touch screen is frequently off, is very sensitive, and locks after making phone calls caused by the heat from your cheek apparently.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE!  Samsung should be ashamed their name is on this phone altogether.

We recently left Verizon for a much cheaper option of Net10 service.  My wife wanted to replace her old Droid Incredible 2 with another Android, but one that would get quality cell coverage, allow her to easily text, and connect with Twitter and Facebook.  This does all that and more.  She loves the fact that this sits nicely in her hand and is extremely lightweight.  The colors on the screen are easy on the eye and is a nice screen to look at.  Because this phone hooks into Verizon's cell towers (even though its on a Net10 plan) we get amazing cell coverage and fast 3G speeds for the web browser, facebook loading, and twitter updates.  All-in-all this is a great smartphone for people who want to pay a small monthly amount for unlimited everything (Net10), have high quality (zero dropped calls so far) voice calls, and the ability to connect to a few social networks and email.

I had a Google HTC Nexus-One GSM that I used with T-Mobile prepaid service (which I love) but, where I live, I really need Verizon service. So, I purchased this phone and activated the NET10 $45 monthly service. While I miss my wonderful Nexus-One, this Proclaim does everything that I need. The battery has a great life - longer than the Nexus-One. I realize that the processor is slower than the newest phones but I don't watch movies or play games so for me, it rocks. I mostly use email, texting and some occasional web browsing.

it was slow and small i couldnt see anything on the screen.internet would take along time to connect.and it is not upgradable

I have had this phone for 2 years now and never had a problem with it. I have hike in the cascades in oregon for a whole summer, hike through out central oregon without a problem. In wet weather hot weather. I bought this phone at wal mart. The provider is Verizon. I have great reception every where I have been. That was the reason i bought the phone. So all the people that say it's junk or doesn't work very well I think its the net 10 provider. Since day one the phone has given me great service with verizon.

i love this phone important using it right now to do a review either get for straight talk or net10 i got mine for straight talk and it is a great phone if Verizon works best where you live and you are thinking of getting this phone get it great phone all around great service (if you area has Verizon) use it all the time great phone.

We have had this phone almost a month. It can pull on the battery quite a bit if you don't turn some since and notifications off, but it is an AWESOME affordable smartphone. Yes, Net10 could use better customer service. When we lost service to one of the phones for the number change over (porting), it took four calls to be finally told I just needed to call the *22860 (?) number on the Samsung to finish the port. That was irritating. BUT love this phone. It's all we need and more!

I have been using cheap, no contract phones for years.  I almost went to a contract phone this time but decided to try a prepaid one more time.  This is my first smartphone and i love it.  I get unlimited everything from NET10 for $50 month.  My daughters pay twice that with a contract.  The phone can use apps, play games, videos, etc.  Its a good size for me.  Smaller than an iphone but not too small.

This is an amazing phone.  I haven't dropped a call, voices are clear with no echo.  I have used this phone for 4 months and have loved every minute of it.  The camera shoots the clearest pictures I've experienced with a cell phone.  Quick access to the internet and music are a plus.I recommend this phone to anyone on the go.

About a month after our warranty expired, people could not hear us clearly anymore.  Our outgoing voice sounded garbled to them and like we were talking in a can.  It did work OK until the warranty expired.  So we just purchased an iPhone5S as a replacement for $130 at Walmart.  (You can get a 5C for $40) We added it to our sons Verizon family account and are now paying the same $45 to our son as we were paying Straight Talk for unlimited use.  Suggest you purchase an extended warranty if you purchase this Samsung Galaxy Proclaim.

This is my first smart phone, and I am very happy with my purchase.  The price can't be beat and it works great!  I had no problems switching my number to this phone like some have (I was already a Net10 customer.)  The battery is enough, unless I play on it a lot.  If I don't do anything with it, I still have close to a full battery by the end of the day.  If I play or call on it for more than a couple hours, I might have to charge it before the day is done. The only thing I would like is a bigger screen, but not willing to pay over $200 more to get that.

It's zippy for being an entry level Android. Internal memory small so be carefull not to load to many apps. Use the micro-sd to store apps if you can. I use this phone via Net10 and it is on Verizion network. Cellular service is great.

After doing some searching around and window shopping, I picked this phone.  There wasn't any settling involved - it is a wonderful phone that I can do everything I needed to do (and more!)  I love it!

The price was very good the phone is a very fine Android and the Net 10 program works well as this phone is using Verizon towers.

This is my second android phone in the last 2 years - a step up from my bargain basement ZTE Merit, but a slightly small step.I purchased this phone as &#34;refurbished&#34; from Net10 in February of 2013 for $59, so this kept me in the category of &#34;under $100 android smartphones. I was excited about getting into the &#34;galaxy club&#34;, but as you will see below, this is not like the higher end galaxy models.In my opinion, most users will not fall into the &#34;speed and upgradeable comfort zone&#34; for an android smartphone until you cross the $300 barrier.Other than that, there seem to be major downfalls to lower price smartphones, however this may change soon.I'll make some references to my old ZTE Merit for comparison.What I liked about this phone:Runs on the Verizon network (CDMA), which comes in handy when I travel upstate NY. Verizon seems to have the best coverage where other carriers may feel it's not worth it to build cell towers in lightly populated areas.It has about 1GB of onboard memory to install apps as compared to half that on my old Merit which ran out of room to install apps very quickly.I have come close to filling up the onboard memory, however, I Just moved some apps to my SD card.Speakerphone works pretty good.Call quality is good.Most apps work fairly well with this phone, such as Pandora, Yahoo, Facebook, Yelp, Nook, Kindle, Lowes, Homedepot, Greendot, Paypal, Meetup, Twitter, and Dropbox to name a few. This is nice especially when reading reviews on Google play store on how some of the apps don't work other user phones (like Galaxy SII, SIII and such), but where others have problems, I haven't had much of a problem on the Proclaim.What I don't like about the Proclaim:The old gingerbread operating system on this phone can not be upgraded.  I feel Ice cream sandwich would greatly help the speed and efficiency of this phone if it was available, but so far, I can't find a way to upgrade.Apps for your computer to manage your Samsung phone such as PC studio and Kies do not work.It appears that Net10 disabled the ability to use management software - so the only way to back up is through syncing with google - no firmware upgrades : (  These programs may recognize the phone, but that's about it.Battery lasts about 4 hours.  This includes checking email, a 5 minute facebook browse, and maybe using the gps for google maps for about 10 minutes - no video games or video streaming.I purchased 2 spare batteries with a separate battery charger to help with this problem, so I just change batteries halfway through the day - it's a pain, but it goes with the territory of cheap phones.Wi-fi is not sensitive.  If I'm more than 15 feet away from my router, the internet connection is pathetically slow or non-existent.GPS is so-so.  It has a hard time locking in when you are in a metropolitan area (tall buildings).  This is where better GPS sensitivity would help greatly.Despite the 1Ghz processor, the phone is painfully slow with everything. This could be due to the 20+ apps I have loaded so far, but that's what an android is all about. The phone seemed a bit faster when I first purchased it when there were only the default apps pre-loaded.I'm using 3 different browsers with this phone - Firefox, Dolphin, and Google.All are fairly slow, except for an occasional quick page load.Many times, there is a delayed reaction to all the button presses.When dialing a number sometimes, the phone will not start to dial until about 30 seconds.This would still occur after rebooting the phone, and happens randomly.Camera does not have a focus.Photos are hit or miss with this phone.  Sometimes they come out fairly well - other times the focus is off.You can not use barcode scanner software because it needs focus adjustment to work - only QR codeswill scan with the right software, however no bar code scanning, which would come in handy if you wantedto do a quick price check on an item you may be considering to purchase in a store.Small screen size.  This is a little extra challenging when you have large fingers, especially when using the screen keyboard totype in entries, however it's ok when using to view apps and such.I'd rather have this small size than the huge tablet size phones that some put to their heads when on a phone call - looks funny - almost like they have a laptop next to their ear : P.My girlfriend just bought an Virgin Mobile LG Optimus F3 for just over $100, and after playing around with it for a few days I have say that it's way faster than the Proclaim I have and the service prices are similar, so you may want to consider that option.As for my next android smartphone, I just moved into the $200 club - my Galaxy SII is on it's way from Net10, however, it's shipped with the old Gingerbread OS, maybe because I'm still in the sub $300 club : )LJ Elevias

Let me say, the signal with this phone (on Verizon network) is unparalleled to AT&T; I was with previously.  I never have dropped calls now.  By the way, I live in midwest Missouri. This is Net 10 Service and had bad beginning with them for a week in transferring my number (as most reviews state about Net 10 service), but now that I've been with them for 2 months, I can say they ironed out my kinks and I have no issues since.  The phone is great, reliable, looks good.  But the qualms I have with it are the texting options are limited...to the point, I've almost given up texting.  It takes so long to compose a text due to horrible calibration and also the lack of frequent word prediction.  It has T-9, but I've never been a fan of it and I miss my AT&T; htc Inspire that would save my frequent vocabulary (and suggest those words first, even if typed incorrectly).  I also do not like the calendar and I'm a huge user of this feature.  The layout is poor, and yes, I know I can download other versions, etc. But not impressed, for the money, with the design of these features that comes standard on the phone.  Internet's great, fast. Only downside is the browser jumps around alot and is sensitive and can take you back three pages immediately for no reason.  This only happens sometimes but it is frustrating nonetheless, to have to start over with searches, etc.  I cannot figure out either where the history for the internet is.  I used this function a lot on my other phone to refer and browse and I do miss it.  Camera is not user friendly and has horrible image display. I hardly use this camera because I carry my htc to use for this instead (which is excellent)! Having said all of this, I think I should note I'm finicky about things, but I can sacrifice some for the money I am saving each month.  That takes away the feelings of the inferiority of the phone...and makes me realize all the stuff I mentioned is just "stuff" when it comes to the world and value and necessity today! I will use this phone until I find a better...and only then if it gives me more headache than what it's worth.  Hopefully, that will be atleast a year form now.  I'm not completely for or against this phone and it serves my purpose.UPDATE: March 7, 2013-I've owned this phone for over 6 months now.  Yes, I've gotten more used to it. I use the voice recognition/speech-to-text for texting and internet searches and my life is MUCH easier (the little microphone next to the browser and to the left of the space bar). The calendar is growing on me as well. I never have problems with the browser being sensitive anymore and jumping around. Idk why it behaves now, but I'm happy:) I finally figured out where the history for web searches were. I initially thought if I pushed the little star to the right of the browser bar, it would only bookmark the page.  Lo, and behold, one day I did it & my web history was there!  Camera still sucks in every possible way, but overall, I am satisfied with this phone and love that it doesn't break the bank every month.  Net 10 service is sooo simple and Verizon's still the champ as most reliable network service provider.  This phone & service is highly recommended for simple, yet savvy people.  It's a dependable phone, but maybe not a "my-life-depends-on-it" type of phone.

Are you kidding? This is a great deal and has everything I wanted in a phone. I looked at phones for a week and always found myself returning to this one. I received it in a couple days and was pleased to find it was a quality cell phone. Really? Everything a person of any age could want and the pre-paid pricing for unlimited service can't be beat. Talk, Text and Data for 45 dollars a month.... No way! Always have a signal and I still don't know how they offer such a deal on the service. When I show my friends and co-workers they comment on the look and functioning of the phone and how great the pricing is. The makers of this phone outdid themselves. You can order this phone without fear of disappointment. Good job Samsung!

I had read a  previous review that accentuated that this smart phone was the perfect transition from a simpler LG phone I was using. I getting used to it, learning and moving forward. The tutorials are very helpful and its' ability is mind blowing. It's almost like carrying a computer in your pocket. Great phone, however was disappointed when wasn't able to activate with 'straight talk', but Net 10 is serving the purpose. Love the price, the quality and the quick service.

Fast, reliable, sleek, and works very well. Other than not being able to use the front camera, I would recommend this phone to everyone

I purchased this phone for NET10 wireless in September. Activation was simple and initially (my first "smart" phone) I was pleased with the phone and thought the service was adequate. My encounters with NET10 tech support were a mixed bag. The online support board is a complete joke. There is no visibility of how, or if any technical questions are answered by the mysterious tech support staff. All issues are "taken offline". My experience is offline is where your issue goes into complete ignore mode. Phone in support was actually pretty good, though the path to solutions to questions was always circuitous.I ended up abandoning this phone after 2 months use because of quirky keyboard problems that seemed to be related to certain locations where I made calls. Keyboard (ie number dialed would not be recognized and calls could not be initiated) input would not be recognized in certain areas, but the problem would go away when I moved a few miles to another location. It was all very quirky and nearly impossible to debug or fully explain. I switched to another carrier and phone and am quit happy.In summary I cannot recomment this phone or NET10 as a carrier.

I wanted to get on here to talk about what a gem this phone is. I bought a rubber case and a screen cover and this thing is rock solid. I drop it multiple times a week, I've splashed water on it, and the thing keeps on going.Some people have talked about it freezing, and this is RARELY an issue. I've had it for a year, and it's frozen maybe a few times but I can't remember the last time that happened. If you're looking for a cheap android phone from straight talk, you should jump on this baby. It rides off of Verizon so the 3G speed is good and, unlike Sprint & ATT, the calls don't hardly drop at all. It was worth every penny I paid for it: the phone just works well.My only complaint is that GPS service is sometimes sketchy on cloudy stormy nights (it may have difficulty obtaining signal). My actual Garmin GPS works better, but I've used this phone many times when I was lost and it quickly got me to my destination without any problems.

I've been using a Galaxy S3 on Verizon with a grandfathered unlimited data plan. Upgrading my wife's LG Env3 with a shared plan for more money and losing my unlimited was not an option.This phone works fabulously for us. I activated it Saturday evening and had to wait till Monday to actually activate it. Apparently Net10 only works weekdays for activation with porting. They actually called me and we corrected my Verizon account number and ported my wife's number to the phone that moment. I activated the phone when I got home and it has been working perfectly so far. The Net10 representative's English was very good as well.I added a few applications, Handcent for texting and a data monitor app. I doubt my wife will use all the 1.5GB data allotment per month. Before porting my wife's number I went to the Verizon website, saved her contacts to a file and uploaded them to her Google account. Like magic all her contacts and addresses were there. I moved her pictures to the supplied micro SD card as well.The voice quality has been good and YouTube works perfectly. Other video streaming works with only minor issues as well. With the data limits it would be best to do your streaming video and music on wifi only. I selected a Net10 phone because they stated 1.5GB of data allowed per month. Straight Talk claims unlimited but in reality they throttle or cut you off after 1.5-2GB.If you are willing to be your own first level of tech support or have a friend or spouse to help, then this is a great little phone and the savings keep coming each month. If you need someone to hold your hand and or want to walk in somewhere, hand you phone to someone and say, "Fix it." Then this is NOT the phone for you. Me, I hope this phone lasts 3 years or more like her ENV3 did. My Galaxy S3 is a much more powerful phone than this and yet I still like this phone.SH

bought phone 6 months ago and ihavent had a problem with data or phone. i get service where contract phones dont. phone is easy to use and battery life is good if u turn off data when your not using it.downloads quick. if u do reset reprogram it by pressing star22890.that will take care of your glitches. there was a version upgrade for it a couple months ago  i highly recommend phone to anyone

I used this phone for about three months.  Constantly dropping calls.  I never had this problem before, and this was my 3rd Straightalk phone.  Also, the voice function for texting stopped functioning after about 30 days.  There is no flash on the camera.  the back is a very thin piece of plastic.  The phone does not automatically toggle between wifi and 3g.  You may have to turn the wifi function completely off to get a StraightTalk signal.  Good luck trying to get 3g.  This phone is supposed to use Verizon's network, but I replaced it with a Verizon iphone and the dropped calls completely stopped from the same location (my home).  If you feel like wasting $179, this is the phone for you.

This product came early, unopened and in brand new condition, kudos to the seller. As for the product however...Pros: very affordableNet 10 is an excellent serviceThis smartphone has surprisingly highspecs for the price pointbasic interface thats snappy and easy to usecons: short battery life (way shorter than specified)heats up VERY quickly which...causes the screen to become WAY WAY TOO SENSITIVE and this essentially gives the phone a mind of its own...Good seller, could be a good phone if samsung hadnt cut so many corners. way to cheapen the galaxy line guys!

This is my first smart phone.  My contract was up with Verizon, I was using a Kin1 slider phone with wifi.  I've always had iphone envoy, but refused to pay $150.00 a month for my husband and I to have them.  I tried this (Amazon price was $80.00 cheaper than Walmart) after doing a ton of research both between Straight Talk and Net 10 and the phone itself.  I went with Net10 because with my husband and I we get the $45.00 per month ea on family plan and the less I have to deal with Wal-Mart the better.  Another big reason for trying this no contract was that these newer smart phones work on Verizon towers.  I live in a semi rural area and have always had good luck with Verizon, so I didn't want to mess with that.First the Good - It's a Samsung smart phone for $45.00 UNLIMITED EVERYTHING!  I've really become addicted to checking email and web sites out and about now.  I doubt that it is as fast as the latest and greatest thing out there, but it's fast enough for me.  I can stream Youtube videos with no problems at all.  Don't think I'll be watching a 2hr movie anytime soon, but if you look online you will see people review that it works great.  So far Android market has worked well, got pleanty of apps for me and some for my son!  Feels very good in the hand.  I put a skinomi protector on it which I do for all my devices, you can not beat them.  Very intuitive and I have no complaints.The Bad - Of course accessory shopping is difficult.  I would like to get a case for protection as it is very thin and I'm afraid I'll drop it.  Pleanty on line to choose from, just can't go to your local store for one.  If you do anthing online a lot it does wear down the battery.  Make sure you have a usb adapter in the car to charge the battery.  It's not a deal breaker, but I'm not used to it.  They do sell a longer lasting battery which also comes with a new cover, due to the thinkness of the battery for $22.00 here on Amazon.  I'm thining of getting it as I think handling the thicker phone will feel better, but then I've lost all options for a case.  It can be glitchy - today I had a hard time making a call and got a recording, I just powered the phone down and back on and it was fine - only thing that has happened to me in 2 weeks.  Comments about customer service are a little scary to see, never used them, hoping I don't have to.  You really need to just play with it to figure it out.  Samsung does have an instruction manual on line for wierd things.  I guess I should be used to that by now.  You should also know that there isn't a forward facing camera, and speaking of the camera, it's not the greatest, but adiquate for me.  Last little pet peeve is that the buttons on the bottom that take you home, back, search or menue go dark so you sometimes have to swipe at them before you can find them.  I'm sure I'll get used to where they are though.overall - If you want to save some money and your not currently in a contract, you have nothing to loose by trying this.  I figured if I didn't like it I could ebay the phone and move on, but so far I'm very happy.  If you're going from, a very high end smart phone to something like this, you may find it slow or buggy, but for me going in with no expectations I'm getting a smart phone for the cost I was paying for a "dumb phone" from Verizon it's a no brainer.  My only concern will be when I'm traveling.  I've heard outside your area you can get dropped calls as you priority on the tower drops.  I have gone 30 radius and have not had any problems.  I vacation a couple of times a year, so we'll see.UPDATE:  Have traveled now as much as 600 mi from home.  No issues at all with reception or quality.  Heading to Canada soon and though I could purchase the interational call to make call from Canada, but it will not work outside the country.  International is only for making call TO other countries.  That's a bit dissapointing, but livable.  I'm sure if necessary I could look for another sim card in Canada to pop in for a week, but again, not necessary. I have used the 3g a lot while traveling now, even just watching funny youtube videos.  After never having a smart phone, don't know how I would live with one now.  So convenient to look things up on the road.  Yes, still glitchy on occasion, but nothing powering off and on hasn't fixed (maybe do it once per week).  Still very happy with my phone.  Husband just ordered one.  Also number ported easily.

I've had Stright Talk phone for the past 4 years and I have the samsung galaxy precedent now. I got the phone when it first came out last year in Oct., so I've had it almost a year. I like the phone but the network is so-so, some of the apps don't work on it at all, and I've had it freez many times. I've even missed calls where it would ring on the other line and on my end it didn't and all; I would get was a voicemail or a text after the fact. I looked on Stright Talk's site and the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim looks almost the same but on a different network. If I buy the phone off Amazon, how do I use the stright talk with it?

I bought this for my wife, she is using the Net 10 with the Verizon network and she has had no issues whatsoever using this phone, it does not have the latest android OS, but it works great

Well, lets see, Ive had the phone a few weeks now, and if you stick to the basics your ok.  It is a basic entry android.  No sense in over gaming, over apping here the phone just wont take it.  The thing that saves the phone is a one gig processor with out it I wouldnt have even considered it.  I researched alot (into cheap andriods) and was about to go optimus zip route but figured the previous reviews were bad enough for the zip to go proclaim instead...glad I did.  All in all Id give it 3.5 to 4 stars (outa 5) like I said, this is an entry level android.  Apps-  your gona want a different keypad try swift key or smart key board (I bought the full version for smart keyboard.) The predictive text feature for smart key board isnt to great but I can type alot faster on it and It works good (way better than the keyboard that comes with it)  I also got "avast" (more for the on line web shield than anything.)Also an app called "juicedefender" (battery saver apps that helps)  Oh yah I ordered a cool couple things the face protector and two 2050amH batteries from amazon (youll want these heres the link:  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B008M23NWU/ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1) this will not solve the problem of the battery draining quick if you are on line alot, but, it'll help.  For $150 plus $60 for the better batteries and $45 for the card it works fine...way better than the blackberry curve days, plus I'm on version (straight talk) towers.  Dont expect it to be an i-phone or GS3 though.  If your smart buy the insurance at walmart its only $15 and dont believe the crap reviews about this phone, more than likely there people who think there proclaim should run like a $6 or $700 andriod or iphone and its just not made for that.  Use it right and it'll serve its purpose. -thanks

If you buy this phone you can't activate on straight talk, I've has it a month and how I regret buying it just to save a fee dollars, been without service to call out for times this month called last night to get tech to reactivate, that's what I have to do every time I can't call out, and thus morning I have no service again so I have to call from other phone to get service again, yes I wish I would have just gone to Walmart to buy my phone

I got it instead of the Samsung Galaxy SIII because it used the Verizon network and we had very poor coverage on the Sprint network that the SIII used.  It works well, although it slows down after some of the larger games run, but you can reboot it to clear it up and is likely a fault of the game, not the phone.

This phone is my favorite. Has basically all the feature I want and need, and isn't bogged down with a bunch that I don't want. I rarely come across an app that doesn't run on this phone, maybe it has happened 1 or 2 times in the 3 years I have used this phone. I have had to replace it once, but did so with the same model. I recommend this phone emphatically!

does not connect to mobile network data.  Have voice and text but no data unless hooked into wifi.  Customer service (Net10) said it would send a replacement.

AT FIRST I LIKED THE SAMSUNG PROCLAIM. IVE HAD IT FOR 6 MONTHS NOW AND I JUST STARTED TO HAVE PROBLEMS WITH THE BATTERY NOT HAVING A GOOD LIFE TO IT. ITS NEVER BEEN WET BUT FOR SOME REASON IT WANTS TO DIE MORE QUICKLY THAN IT USE TO. I DONT THINK I WILL PURCHASE ANOTHER PROCLAIM AGAIN. GOOD THING AMAZON HAS THE BATTERIES AT A CHEAP PRICE. THANK YOU AMAZON

The phone is nice but it doesn't help when you have Net10 service. It took only an hour for them to turn off service to my Verizon phone, then 7 days to get my Net10 phone working (i.e. 7 days with no phone. After about 3 -4 weeks, my phone stopped working with the message "your phone has been deactivated". Calls to Net10 Customer Service resulted in 40+ minutes waiting ("All Representative are busy"). Then hours of frustration with no resolution of the problem; they finally blamed it on a 'system error' and submitted a ticket for someone to look at it 'within 24-48 hours'.  The phone finally started working again after 4 days. Then about 3 weeks later, the phone quit working again with the same deactivated message.  Once again, hours with Customer Service and the blame was again put on a 'system error' and a ticket was submitted for 'someone' to look at it within 24-48 hours. Going on the 4th day now with this problem.  I have had the Net10 service less than 50 days and its been useless to me for 14+ days.Buyer beware! The phone I would give 4 stars.  1 star was posted for Net10 service.

The phone is great, except the battery live is terrible. If you leave bluetooth or wi-fi on the battery will not last more than 4 hours.

I couldn't be happier to be with Net 10 and to have purchased this cell phone. After years of being in contracts with all 3 of the major carriers I decided I didn't want to be bound to a company and pay the high price for unlimited service. Net 10 runs on the At&t network where I live, and that was my last contract phone as well. This phone gets much better service everywhere I go! It works at my place of employment (my other phone didn't) it worked well when I went on major road trips through Illinois, Indiana, and Michigan. It worked pretty well in the middle of no where! I am enjoying having my first android phone and having the internet with me wherever I go. For only $45 a month this $100 phone is quickly paying for itself. I am telling everyone I know that they should switch over and buy this phone.

Besides being very slow with a dinky screen, the phone had a bad row of pixels that went 1/2 up the screen.  The Net10 service is adequate, but the antenna strength seemed to be a little lacking as well.

Great Phone! if anyone wants an Android and not have to pay and arm and leg for service this net10 phone is the one.

This phone is great and Net10 service is really good (basically identical to straightalk) and runs off Verizon. It was also considerably cheaper than the same exact model phone from straightalk. Awesome phone, awesome deal:)

I already own a Samsung Galaxy proclaim that is 2 years old and I love it. I was buying this Net 10 phone because the charging port in my old phone is going bad. I received the new phone today and called straight talk to see how to set the new phone up through them to which they told me that Net 10 phones absolutely will NOT work on Straight Talk's network, not even with a straight talk sim card. Ugh! Hopefully, other's will read this review and avoid the hassle of returning this phone.

This is an amazing phone!!! I don't feel the need to update it anytime soon. It has an excellent signal and it works wonderfully!!  It has anything you might need.  Navigation system is amazing, quality of calls excellent.

Just what I wanted and came in on time. I'm very happy with this purchase! also, cheapest I've found this phone,a great deal!

I was looking for this phone as a use for Straighttalk.. My fault for not paying attention but don't have a real comment as it was returned unopened.

I have had this phone for around six months and I have to say, It is great. The camera is pretty good, It is 3 megapixel and it takes very decent photos for a phone camera. The screen is nice and bright and very detailed, it is not high resolution but its small size makes that very unnoticeable. I have no problems reading small text on it. The build quality it decent, it is plastic after all, but it doesn't feel like it will shatter if I drop it. The phone performs like you would expect being only a single core processor at 1 GHz, it struggles with tasks such as 3D gaming and anything that takes a lot of power to run, but it will play any 2D game fine, Cut The Rope runs perfectly smooth. This phone only has 419 MB of RAM, but I haven't had it run out on me yet. It runs Android 2.3.6, which is getting pretty old and it definitely feels like it. I purchased an app called "Next Launcher" for it and it makes it feel like a brand new phone, as you can see in my product pictures. It has enough storage for many apps, as I have installed a lot(15-25)and its only half full. Adding a Micro SD card will give you more room than you will need. The battery life is great due to the low end specs, I can easily go a day off of a charge and with the extended battery (for the Samsung "Illusion" same phone different name) I can go way longer, an app called "JuiceDefender" really extends the battery. I have rooted this phone and it has made it so much faster, if you don't know what I mean by "Root" you will not need to worry about it, If you do know, then I can tell you this was pretty easy to root (it took around ten minutes) All in all this is a pretty fast cheap little phone that hasn't caused me any problems, and that's what most people ask for in a device. If you have any questions about something I didn't cover, leave me a comment and I'll try to answer it for you. Hope this helped someone.

this is the 5 net 10 phone I have had since Feb of 2013 it has been a constant battle getting service, and getting my phone to work period. I thought it was the phones and my area where I live... but now after this many phones and trying to work with the service (net 10) I am very dissatisfied and returning this one as well. Hoping I can find a good no contract phone w/ service and ability to understand the providers...

I love this phone! I brag about it to all iphone users.  It have everything I need and more. Sooooo glad that I bought this phone.

Looks Like A Exceptional ChoiceExcellent Coverage"""Quality Product"""Great Support"""Easy Setup and UseWOULD RecommendAfter TWO Months of ServiceThank's Kevin

No battery life.  Goes to roaming mode even when not in a roaming area.  Have to reboot the phone often to clear problems.  Other wise I like the phone.

So far the Proclaim has been nearly flawless.  I get great service off of the Verizon network at a much better price than I would get directly from Verizon and I have more whistles and bells than I need.  I have also been able to get the apps that I want for free on the Google &#34;Play&#34; site.  It does seem to take a little too long to lock on to a GPS signal, but it eventually finds the GPS.  A slightly larger screen would be nice, but considering the price for the phone and service If I needed a replacement I would not hesitate to get another Proclaim on either Net-10 or Straight Talk.

I tried several smartphones to work with Net 10.  This is by far the best for the money.  Far superior to the LG Net 10 phones and for less money.  It is fast, has a beautiful scene, takes better pictures (3MP) vs LG 5 MG, sound quality is as good as the more expensive phones.  The only drawback is it does not have front facing camera.  It is well worth the money and I have everything I need in an android phone for $50 bucks a month.  What a deal!

It's a nice phone and the apps seem to work well. The only real issue i have with this phone is the battery life.  I charged it for five hours, took it to work and only used it during lunch and breaks and the battery was over half way depleted.  Charged it again and only used it for a few hours and once agian within a few hours the battery needed charged. The apps are nice but will quickly drain the battery.Talking and texting dosen't drain your battery as quickly.  Then again how many of us buys an andriod just for talking and texting.

I am 7 hours into trying to activate this phone, I read that net10 has great customer service; I disagree!! Several calls were not answered and the 3 times I spoke with a human I was given bogus answers about my mastercard, the first 2 said it was not a valid card and the third said that it requires special permission from the bank to allow this company to make charges---WHY???Unless this thing magically activates and begins working tonight it is getting returned, the phone looks impressive but the service is pitiful.

my daughter loved her christmas surprise and thinking of getting two more. i have no problems with net10 for service

Phone worked but after being on phone with net10 every day for a week I was told that the phone would not program and I should return it.

I got this model through straight talk after returning the galaxy precedent due to spotty coverage.  This phone works off Verizon towers and the coverage is great.  I have yet to drop a call.  This is my first android,  except for theprecedent I sent back.  I am very happy with the proclaim !

My problem is not with the phone--I even own another Samsung Galaxy phone now--but with Net10. As a relative newby regarding smart phones at the time, I ordered a phone that specifically stated in its description would work with Net10 or Straight Talk (which was my provider at the time). It came in a Net10 box, and first I tried to activate it with Straight Talk, and when that didn't work, I called their customer service department. They ASSURED me that they and Net10 were &#34;sister&#34; companies, and even transferred me to Net10's customer service department...without having given any real answers (so I guess I'd have to say that I now have a problem with Straight Talk, too). Then, after eleven calls, over four days, for a total of sixteen hours, it became clear that I wasn't going to get any answers from Net10, either. The phone did get activated, and seemed to work fine, but I had other questions, over simple things such as downloading ringers and apps (I did say I was new at the time, so had a lot to learn, and asked lots of questions)...and kept getting the exact same answer: &#34;Ma'am, I'm so sorry you're having a problem, but I have the exact same phone as you, and I can assure you that this works,&#34; without then explaining HOW to make it work. Literally, the same answer, to the word, every time. And, after another two weeks, and fifteen more calls, my &#34;simple&#34; questions never did get answered.Buy the phone, but from a different carrier. And if I were you, I'd call the carrier first, and &#34;check out&#34; their ability to serve their customers before you commit, to even one month of service.

Great phone and good price.lived up to the reviews .only $50 a month for unlimited calls texts and internet.great for downloading games

I go on the straight talk web site and this phone is on there but on her it says only net 10? Im alittle confused will this work for straight talk ??

I was literally on my way to Wally World to get a Straight Talk Android phone. I was already aware it used the Sprint coverage. I checked the web-site one last time and entered a friend's farm zip code (rural Iowa) since coverage is very spotty (no Sprint that's for sure). And lo, this phone pops up! They then verified that it will indeed run on Verizon's network. Took it to the farm, even into the woods, and could still get 3g, surf, text, take pix and post to FB etc. Awesome. Now I see they are all sold out, but ST is coming out with an LG Android that will also run on V's network. I may snap one up as a backup just because I love the 45 dollar pre-paid plan and great coverage.

I bought my Samsung Galaxy Proclaim at Wal-Mart, under ST. I had mine over 1 year and here's my experience with it. First the Pros, it has a good interface, it has a good bit of apps, good internal memory of 1gz, it has over 800 MB of storage, which can be expanded easily with a micro SD card. Now for the Cons, it freezes up, needs battery removed, constantly needs charged, for me, it's every day, and every night. I keep my wi-fi on all the time, plus the the media on and apps running. I do turn off wi-fi periodically, dim the screen too. It sucks on signal. Even in the boonies, I get a half a bar to one bar, some days I get no service. It does drop calls like crazy. Calling voicemail sucks! The phone is terribly slow if you have too many apps on it too. The phone itself runs off of Verizon towers. I talked to Verizon salesperson, she said it would never be at full signal because it's limited on it. I left very confused, I'd say if you want a smartphone, don't invest in this one. I wish I had thought harder on it. I've dropped mine numerous times on accidents, the phone comes apart easily. The battery overheated on mine too. I got a warning it was. It was just laying on my bed. It does overheat way too easily, even with rubber cases on it, it can overheat. I also had to go buy a 2400 MaH battery pack to charge mine. The cord is too short on it, I ended up buying a 6 foot cord to reach farther, and mine has frozen up a lot on the screen too. The phone screen goes black when calls are made. It's a very nice phone, but, very frustrating too! I'd rather of gotten a samsung galaxy S2 or an IPhone 5. Both are out of my price range though. Eventually even with bad texts, most never send, nor go out, Im going to end up getting a different cellphone.

I ordered this phone to switch to net10 because a bunch of people in my town have them and rave about their service and how cheap it is. Well after receiving my phone I go to open it and find the box was already opened which I didn't mind that much as long as it worked but when I went to activate it the company said they couldn't activate it. I love amazon.com but I think they need to make sure the item is able to be used. I will be returning this for a full refund.

I was one of the holdouts with my original 1999 cell phone with 2G!!!  Now I can do all the things that everyone else seems to enjoy, keeping in touch by texting when calls are not necessary.  I know I will enjoy my phone for years to come.

This phone was awesome.  I had to give it up though.  I live on the border between MI and WI.  The phone worked great at my home. But in WI there wasn't any service.  I thought it was a defect in the phone, but I found out through a friend who also had a Proclaim that they don't get service in WI.  It's just what the phone does and different brands and models have different coverage.  I thought it was only the coverage form the service provider that mattered.  Now I know it's a combination of both the service and phone capabilities that determines the coverage.  So I had to give this one up for another phone that works in my area.  It's a shame too.  This is one fine phone.  The seller has been great.  I give them 5 stars also.  So to sum it up....  make sure the phone works in your area before you purchase.  It saves alot of time and troubles.

This phone does NOT work!!  Even after net10 customer service reset it and forced me to spend 4 HOURS on the freaking phone to figure it out and to no solving!!  I begged for my money back, they say I have to go through Amazon.  So I am.  I have a return authorization and am sending it back.  There had better not be any issue getting a FULL REFUND as soon as Amazon gets the phone delivered.  It was literally used 2 days and ends a call as soon as you 'try' to make it and as far as sending texts... ha!  There is no network to the stupid thing, that's the message we keep getting.  No network found!!  HATE IT!!!!!  REFUND;  FULL refund, please!

This phone exceeded all my expectations, but then again this is my first smart phone.  My only gripe is the battery life.  It drains even when you are not using it or have any apps open.  But it charges fast and between my home, office and car it hasn't died on me yet.

It is a great phone.  No calls dropped.  Advanced GPS, speach recognition, decent photo camera.  However, the battery life is short.

I love this phone.  I purchased it for the net 10 service and it has been great.  Great speed and fast.  My first android phone and was not disappointed!

This is a really nice starter phone for someone new to androids like myself.  The Net10 wireless service offered is one of the best on the Verizon network.  They are the only prepaid provider that offers a family plan and for as low as $85.  Nice phone, good service, great price.

Worst phone ever:( it will drop all your calls n the text won't hardly work half the time. Battery life is awful you have to charge your phone like 3 or 4 time a day. I will never get a phone like this again!!!!!!!!!

Will this phone work with Straight Talk even though it says NET10? Straight Talk offers this phone, but the price is a bit higher.

Great phone. Easy to set up. My wife likes it but she gets a bit overwhelmed with the use of the unit. She is still learning how. Likes all the features it has.

I ordered this phone for my daughter and she was very happy to receive it. But after just 4 days the phone stopped working. It will not power on nor will it charge. I took the battery out and put it in  a similar phone and it works perfectly, so it is not the battery. I took the battery from the other phone and put in this one and it still will not power on or charge. I will be returning this item and will not re order this product.

This is my first smartphone, so I feel like I was in awe for the first few weeks with everything it could do and not the best objective reviewer then.  After owning this phone for 6 months I can firmly say that there are some awesome things about it, and some maddening things about it as well.The Good:  This is a Straight Talk phone that works with the Verizon network.  I have experienced only one dropped call in 6 months, and I even get reception at work (I'm one of the lucky 10% of my work mates that do). Internet is really fast and seamless.  The GPS navigation feature that's pre-installed is pretty awesome.  I forgot my car GPS when traveling to MO for work, and my phone took me 3 hours from the airport to the hotel with no issues at all.  The ringtone is certainly loud enough for my needs, and the sound quality of the ringtone and for calls is pretty good.  Apps were easy to install and I've never had an issue accessing any of them.The Bad: Texting on this thing SUCKS.  The predictive text is calibrated weird and I find myself constantly having to fix words (easily 5 times in a 2 sentence text).  The voice feature for this is a good work-around, but sometimes I feel stupid talking into my phone to text so I don't have to deal with the horrible touch pad.  Battery life on this thing is pretty bad as well.  I installed Juice Defender which helps a LOT, but if I didn't have it the battery would go from 100% to 10% within 12 hours with minimal texting, a few short calls, and no internet use.  I also really dislike the calling features on this.  When I want to call someone, I have to click though multiple screens to bring up their number.  Again, voice recognition helps with this a lot.  Calendar features weren't great, but I synced it to my Google Calendar and I'm happy now.The What the _____??: For a cheap prepaid phone I expected some glitches, and I got them!  Even though there are "technically" sound levels for my ringtone, there's really only one.  It's either "on full blast" or "vibrate".  Also, when I miss a call and click on the missed call icon my my homescreen, the missed call comes up.  But when I call "call back", about 75% of the time my phone starts calling the last number I actually talked to (which is usually my husband so it's not so bad, but still really weird).  Also, sometimes my phone doesn't ring at all and I simply get a voicemail message.  This doesn't happen often, but it occurs no matter how many bars I have, or whether I was currently using the phone or not.  And about 10% of the time voice recognition goes crazy.  I ask to call "John Smith" and my phone will say "Call Carlina Holzbrook" or some other name not remotely close to what I asked for.  I can repeat the request multiple times and get several more weird suggestions, no matter the absence of background noise.Overall, I'm fairly pleased with this phone.  There are definitely some quirks and drawbacks, but not enough to deter me or frustrate me so much that I'd consider getting rid of it.  If you're looking for a phone with all the bells and whistles, this is NOT the phone for you.  If you're looking for a phone that will be decent with calls, make it easy to access a few apps, and jump on the internet, this isn't a bad choice at all.  But be forewarned that this phone is priced cheap for a reason.

Great phone! Nice features. I've had this since July 2012 and its still goin strong! No technical problems! I love that it uses Verizon towers! My only dislike with the phone is that it doesnt have a camera button along the side and no forward facing camera. Otherwise a great buy and worth it!

First smartphone i've owned and am very pleased with it, very fast and a bit touchy with the icons. Would recommend this to anyone that wants a smartphone and a small price.

I have had absolutely no issues with this phone. Price was excellent and I would recommend it for sure. Great Phone!

I have been a Net10 user for many years. This phone is absolutely the best yet for me. but I have one problem. I can't have any service outside of my city. I travel 20 west of here and no service, no calls in or out. no internet, no text.. nothing. I have tried roaming but that doesn't work either. I plan on calling Net10 tomorrow since this problem happened twice now. I don't go to many places but a small town just outside of my small city and not a dang thing?? come on now.

My daughter wishes her $100+ smart phone was a $500 SUPER phone ... but given that she only spent $100 of her money on it, she's very, very happy with the result. Package arrived safely, fired up with no problems, and barring one typical glitch with Net10 getting the minutes to register on her phone (easily fixed with 5 minutes on the line with Net10's support folks) it's been smooth sailing since day 1.

This phone was more expensive in other stores so I bought it here. This phone is great and fast. The service is good too! I recommended this phone to anyone.

This is my first foray into the smart phone world, so I am happy to say that I chose the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim.  I am able to text, talk, download, chat, surf the Web, etc. wih no problems.  I am a bargain hunter, so when I found this phone on Amazon for $40 less than the same phone at Wal Mart, I was quick to click!  As a veteran of the &#34;contract phone wars&#34; I can tell you unequivocally that prepay is the way to go. I can pay online each month so I never have to go to a store to buy a &#34;card.&#34;  I urge my grown children and teenage grandchildren to try prepay.  From Amazon, of course!

I haven't had any problems with this since I got it. It runs good and hold almost everything I need on a day to day basis. If you don't wanna spend an arm and a leg but want a nice phone these Proclaims are nice.

Great smart phone for the price. This phone runs on verizon towers and reception is very good compared to other prepaid phone service. Me and my wife both have one and for $85 a month for 2 smart phones who can complain. But if your use to a high end smartphone  you might not be satisfied.

I love this phone it is fast and has everything that i need no complaint i have it for 2 months already and super fast with the internet  the camera is great for a 3 mega pixel also you can watch HD videos on youtube and the best thing it use VERIZON network yeah you read it i dont believe the first time until i call to activated , but it does. I get unlimited call,text and 1.5 GB internet a month for 40 box plus taxt when you have 2 line and you add automatic payment on Net10 i love it i really recomend it : )

I've only had this phone for a couple weeks, but it seems to be working fine, the only disappointment was it did not come with a charger.

Well, let me start off by saying that I switched to Straighttalk from Virgin Mobile. I already had an Android and was looking into a phone that would actually get coverage in my area along with unlimited data, etc. I found the Galaxy Proclaim and I had heard from a few friends that it was a good phone and worked well. I have had it for about three months and haven't had an issue yet. My previous Android (Kyocera Rise) kept rebooting itself, dropping calls, etc. and the no service was a bit of a pain. Yes, the service will be spotty in some areas but overall if it's needed I can just go outside and take a phone call. Processor is great, I wish the OS was a little faster (previous phone was ICS and tablet is JB)but all in all, I like the phone. I haven't had any issues with it, nor have I had to remove the battery at all. MY ONLY COMPLAINT: the battery life SUCKS!

One of the few phones for Net10 using the Verizon network. Though even then it can be spotty. My wife has regular VZW and when on a road trip, I had no service in West Virginia, but her phone was fine. Maybe there were no towers in extreme eastern WV broadcasting on the 3G or other bands this phone picks up. The battery life is horrible. The regular battery has to be recharged nightly. Even the extended battery will only last 36-40 hours with very light usage with only a few apps. You still get apps you don't want. The GPS signal is iffy too. If you turn off the GPS to save a little battery, then turn it on when you need it, it will take longer for the signal to connect, and you're location will not be precise enough to navigate city streets. Better to turn GPS on, turn off phone, then turn back on. Bluetooth is only okay. It gets some names, completely misses others.

The S720C Samsung Galaxy Proclaim (NET10) phone, using the Verizon network, is a great little smartphone for a great price. This is my first smartphone, and I've been a NET10 customer for about 3 years. I've used my wife's IPhone 4s and it's not for me. So, I bought this phone because I didn't want to be in a contract, I wanted an Android phone and I wanted to get unlimited everything at good price.When it comes to NET10, as long as you don't need to call NET10 customer service, it's a great service. You can do almost everything from their website. I've never had a bad experience calling them, but for $45/$50 a month, you have to cut some corners.Activation was very easy and quick from the website. I didn't transfer a number, so I was assigned a new number. My old NET10 phone number was previously used. I was sick of the collection calls for the person who had the number before me.  So, I would suggest transferring your current number if possible.First the Specs on this phone states 5.5 hrs talk time. I would say 5.5 is accurate, if you're using it with the screen on. I used the navigation for about 2 hrs and then some music for about another half hour and my battery was at about 50%.I believe the 16 day standby number is a little off or not stated correctly. When not in use, the phone uses about 1% an hour. If you put the phone in airplane mode it greatly improves the battery life, but no calls can go in or out. Battery life has a lot to do with the display and what's running in the background.I would suggest getting an app killer app and battery life meter that shows %. You'll be able to kill apps running in the background and know your battery life in a glance.I didn't buy the phone for its camera and that's a good thing if you own this one. The camera is acceptable, but in lower light it becomes useless if the subjects are moving. I was pleased with the video camera in the same low light. Remember no flash and I think the camera was more of an afterthought on this phone.I did buy this phone to use as my MP3 player. I had some question but I wasn't able to answer them until I used the phone.  I have a Windows computer and I use Windows Media Player for all my music. You can use the provided cord to hook the phone to your computer. Once you're able to get WMP to see the phone you can sync the music over. BUT, if you're using a playlist, you must manually move it over and drop it in the Music folder.  It comes with two music players, if you use the Google player it plays you music in the order of your playlist, but the other player puts the music in the opposite order.Overall I have to give this phone a 5 star review because of the value for the price. If I spent over $150 for the phone I might consider giving it a 4 star review. Besides the initial cost, if you sign up with NET10 to charge your account each month, it's only $45 (plus tax), and no major carrier comes close to that price.

This phone was at a fantastic price on Amazon after checking prices at Net10, Walmart and Target.  $179.99 I got it $89.99.  Net10 customer service has been good, actually great compared to Straightalk!  Nightmare!!  But this is supposed to be Verizon towers.  I do live in a log signal area but usually not matter if it was a Verizon phone, Straightalk phone, 2 miles down the road full signal.  Nope!  Half a bar to one-half bar and my hubby phone a flip one at that, had full signal and all my phones have had full signal.  Also will not change screens at times no matter how many times you tap it!  Then the timer as to how long screen is to stay on, set at 2 minutes, more than half the time would only stay ONE second!  Annoying!  Would suddenly just change to a screen and you have not done a thing to prompt it.  So went to Net10 site and it had me put in my zip and a list of phones came up.  This one was not one of them.  Did it twice but yet on bringing up the exact same site 2 other times, it did not ask for my zip on any of the phones!  Tech said no SIM card, it should get reception as many Verizon towers and Sprint around me.  He agreed the phone was faulty.  I just ordered an LG Optimus Extreme Net10, will be paying about $40 more as although cheaper than the $140.00 at Net10, $132.22 (I have Prime) but it is one suggested for my area.  Hope this one will have a proper signal of at least 2 bars and full where all my other phones had full.  Soon as the other comes, this one going back!

This is a fantastic phone and it does all that the expensive phones do for a fraction of the price. You will not be sorry. Best phone I have ever had.

I got this as an upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy Precedent, which was also through Straight Talk.  It used the Sprint network and reception was very spotty to say the least.  The Proclaim is one of the first ST Androids to use Verizon's towers and it makes a world of difference!  3G is faster then ever and, so far, I haven't been in an area where I didn't get a signal.  The Proclaim comes with 1 gig of internal memory and a 2 gig card that can be upgraded.  I've downloaded a dozen apps off Google Play and it's barely put a dint in the memory.  The 3MP camera takes great photos outside, but the quality inside will depend on the lighting as there's no flash.  It's also much faster at running applications then my previous phone and can play Netflix and Youtube videos off 3G with little buffering.  It's just an all around good phone.  If you're looking to get an Android from Straight Talk...please...make sure it's one like this that uses Verizon (They have the red coverage map on the front of the box)  The ones that piggy back off AT&T; and Sprint can have horrible reception if you don't live in the right area.$45 a month for unlimited talk, text and data on Verizon's network is an absolute steal.  Verizon offers this very same prepaid phone (they call it the illusion) and it cost $80 a month with a 1 gig data cap.  You would be crazy to not get it through Straight Talk instead.

I am a former Verizon user. I got this phone because it was supposed to work where verizon was available. Not necessarily so. While traveling in Oklahoma recently I got the following message:"Welcome to Verizon". And immediately I lost service and the whole time I was there I was unable to pick up a signal until I went back to the area where I received the message. I think this is unfair advertisement. Be sure and check it out before you buy.It works well in the area where I live, but if you travel be sure you know it will work before you buy.

This is my first"smart phone".. I love it, trying to learn all the functions...only problem...I can't find accessories for it anywhere...maybe its too new? at least for straight talk....I just want a cover an plastic film to cover the face that fits...anybody know where I can find?......never mind...haha...had a blond moment...found them here on amazon...love the phone...

I just got this phone today and really love it so far!  So fun to feel like I'm finally "hip" with technology and a smartphone.  However, I cannot receive pictures via text message!  Anyone know how to fix this?!?

It is great for voice, text and internet browsing. I like it so far. I will buy another one as soon as one of my family member needs one.

I recently left verizon and switched to straighttalk for the cheaper monthly fees. I also was forced to leave my droid incredible which, as it happens was dying. short and simple...the proclaim does not compare to even this archaic of droids. If you are used to a higher quality smartphone this will not be a satisfying replacement. the browser is sketchy at best with lots of hiccups and stalling out. the battery life is very short even, with only a couple texts and phone calls. the screen clarity is less than stellar. On the upside, when runnin youtube or other videos it seems to run pretty smoothly. If you havent had a smartphone in the past and are not spoiled like myself 8) this phone may actually be perfect for you. It was relatively cheap and it is easy to use.

The galaxy proclaim is a very capable phone.  Although it runs on android 2.3 it is still very quick and responsive.  The screen is a little small so typing on the keyboard can occasionally be a problem but it's not a deal breaker.  The screen isn't the brightest but it is definitely usable.  The best part is that this phone runs off of Verizon towers so you have service everywhere that Verizon has coverage. Net10 customer service is not very reliable but once the phone is all set up you shouldn't have to deal with them anymore.  The camera doesn't have a flash but it takes decent photos regardless. In my opinion it is a great option for someone wanting a reliable, durable phone on Net10!

I have been using this phone for about 9 months now, and **REALLY** like my choice.  This is my first smartphone, so I admit that I don't have much to compare with, other than just kinda looking around on a few friend's phones, both Android and iPhones.Pros (in my opinion)...- Android operating system ... which seems to be more flexible and customizable than iPhone.- Verizon service ... that I needed where I live.- Not a lot of unnecessary apps loaded as default.- Even better after adding a few apps that work better than some defaults ... browser, photo gallery, notepad, memos, etc.- Nice color schemes for the menus / etc.- Feels comfortable in my hand.- Not too big / not too small ... good size for my shirt pocket.- I have had no issues with it.Cons...- Poor battery life.  I don't "live" on my phone like some, but still could only get a bit over a day from the stock battery on a charge.  I added the extended life battery ( http://www.amazon.com/Samsung-Illusion-2400mAh-Extended-SAMI110BATX/dp/B0093BJU5S/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top ) and now get 4 days from a charge.- I kinda wish that the phone / camera had a flash.- I kinda wish the button to turn it on / off were on the top instead of the side.- I was already a Net-10 customer of 5 years, with a flip-phone that liked.  When I first bought this, porting my good number to the new phone could have went a bit smoother (a Net-10 problem).- Can't use the phone as a "Wi-Fi hot spot" (Net-10 does not allow that).Even with the cons, I give it 5 stars!!!

I like this phone but you can only use the $50 card on it... The battery is really short... Over all it's ok... I'm fine with

I have been using this phone for approximately 1 month now, and I am very happy with it's functionality, features, etc.  So far, I have had very few problems, like freezing, data speed, etc.  For a basic 3G smartphone, it is a great product.  It's easy to use and figure out.  I pay $45/month for unlimited everything.  I was paying $20 more/month when I was on a contract plan that didn't have unlimited anything excpet mobile to mobile. So far so good!

There are plenty of mixed reviews on this phone. I have had mine for a couple of months. This is thorugh Straigh Talk & this phone uses Verizon towers. I've read there's two versions of this phone. One uses Verizon, the other uses Sprint. Mine uses Verizon.First: Customer Service.I have not had any problem w/customer service. I have purchased 2 of these phones(1 for me, one for my spouse) and each time they had no problem w/transferring my phone #'s from AT&T.; Secondly they're very mannerly & repeat everything to make sure they have it correctly. I have not spoken to one that English is not their second language, but they all are polite & got my service correct the first time. My service was connected within 4-6 hours each time. I activated my phones at night & by the next moring they were ready to go!Second: CameraThis phone is easy to use. It has a tutorial function that makes it easy for someone who is not familiar w/a smartphone. Browsing is easy. Texting & chat is easy. Everything is a breeze w/this phone. And the camera(which a few reviews are poor) is plain & simple- use your options! It takes AWESOME indoor photos if you use the low light feature. I take great indoor pics when selecting the scene mode. there are 12 different options here that work for all different things(fireworks, backlight, night, etc). Think about it reasonably; isnt the lighting dimmer indoors?? Yes, it is. So you use the nighttime/low light option & your indoor pics will turn out just as good as the outdoor.The camcorder option is basically the same as the camera.Third: ReceptionWith the Verizon towers, it's great. I can be in timbucktoo(the boonies) and still get at least 3 bars. Which is totally awesome and the clarity of my calls are great. I use bluetooth alot & it was easy to set up. Not to mention everyone tells me I'm &#34;loud & clear&#34; which is great!Fourth: Internet useageIf you're using this like you would a laptop, go for the $60/mo plan as it is unlimited everything. Otherwise if you are a casual user & set it up to work off any wi-fi it finds(hotspots, gym, work, restaurants, home, etc) then you wont run out. I dont & I use mine ALL the time & I'm on the $45/mo plan.Fifth: Everything elseNavigator(gps) is great. I like the speaking feature so if your driving you just tell it the address & you're good to go.Texting is a breeze. And the voice activated messaging feature is awesome. It rarely gets it wrong.&#34;Screen freeze&#34; well, this is plain & simple: GET A MEMORY CARD. This phone is a 2gb phone. If you are downloading games & other apps on this phone you MUST invest in one(other wise it freezes up). It will hold up to 32mb microSD card. Getting one is a necessity. You can get 4gb to 32gb for $4 to $25 on Ebay. I've seen them just as cheap at Office Max & Wal-Mart.Like I referenced above, we have two of these phones & I am planning to buy a third one for my teen. It's much cheaper & great phone & service than what the other providers have. I was an AT&T; customer for over 12 yrs, their $45/mo plan is unlimited talk & text but only 300mb of internet(which is nothing). So if you're trying to make your mind up on this phone, get a NEW one from a wholesaler online($60 max) and check it out. You wont regret it.

This phone is not all that!  Liked it at first, only have had it for a couple of months..Camera is not good, when you try to answer an incoming phone call, it doesn t let you receive the call, it changes screens on you....Another person that I work with has the same problems with her phone...........Both of us are going to get another phone but nothing like this one...A very expensive lesson

It's internal browser was broken and it would not get on the internet. Eventually contacted Straight Talk and they graciously replaced the phone for me! Now I have one that works wonderful.

This has to be the best one hundred  and something dollars spent.  The phone does everything except jump start your car.  Yes, it is no iphone, but who cares.  I  really do not use all the  extras , but I do like having them in case.  All this swiping the keyboard is still  new to me.Walmart wanted 50 dollars more , just because it was straight talk.  I have been using Net 10 for a couple years year now , and I  do not find myself leaving Net 10

I have bought three of these phones my daughter and I absolutly love them. No problems with the phone or the service. I had Sprint and could not even use my phone at all I'm a Facebook fanantic and I'm always on the phone.The battery holds almost all day but on the other hand I've never had a phone that had a battery that last all day. Easy to use, the apps are great. Great product and great service. I would recommend this phone with great pride.

I got this as an upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy Precedent, which is also through Straight Talk. It used the Sprint network and reception was very spotty to say the least. The Proclaim is one of the first ST Androids to use Verizon's towers and it makes a world of difference! The Proclaim comes with 1 gig of internal memory, compared to the precedent it is a DREAM! I've downloaded a dozen apps off Google Play and it's barely put a dint in the memory. The 3MP camera takes great photos outside, but the quality inside will depend on the lighting as there's no flash. At first I had trouble getting some messages, but if you turn off Auto-retrieve under Text messaging, it works great! It's just an all around good phone for the price. If you're looking to get an Android from Straight Talk, this is the one to buy! $45 a month for unlimited talk, text and data on Verizon's network is an absolute steal.

Best Android phone and you can use it with net10?! Even better! I hope it lasts forever. No complaints here.

Great phone! Only complaint is that it doesn't have a light/flash for the camera, don't take many pictures anyway so I'm good.

I like the features this phone has and the many applications available via google play.  The only complaint that I have is that it has a tendency to lose signal when traveling through rual areas, I did not have this issue with the LG900 track phone.

Since I have had this phone I have had trouble with hearing calls. Never had a problem with old phone and now the mini usb port on the phone is broke and won't charge the phone. I definitely would not recommend this model to anyone.  The phone did not even last a year.

Do not buy ANY Straightalk phone.  I purchased mine at Walmart in August 2012 and on Nov 30, 2012 it would no longer connect to the wireless network.  Called Straightalk Customer Service and what a joke.  They had me "troubleshoot" the phone for 4 days straight, with the exact same steps, before finally deciding that the phone was defective.  On 12/3/12 contacted Executive Resolution Department and return shipping instructions were sent to me with the label to follow from Fedex.  By 12/5/12 no label by Fedex emailed to me.  Called Executive Resolution Department again and another ticket was created and return shipping instructions sent to me on 12/5/12.  Again no Fedex shipping label.  On 12/6/12 called them again and was told physical address label would need to be created and sent to me by mail which would take 3-5 business days. To put is lightly I was not pleased and asked the rep what I was to do for the next week to 10 days without a business cellphone.  No response.  By this point I had been out of a business phone for 7 days so I told the rep that I was through dealing with Straightalk.  I promptly went to MetroPCS and bought and new phone and ported my number.  On 12/7/12 two Fedex labels finally showed up in my email box each within 5 minutes of each other.12/6/12 I cancelled my Straigtalk service via email.  12/10/12 I got a return call from Straightalk and was left a message to call them back.  I called back just to make sure my service was cancelled.  I was informed that the cell service was cancelled and that the phone was inactive.  I then asked about the last 8 days of the service period when I didn't have cell service and when that would be credited back to my credit card.  I was informed that no credit would be made by her or anyone else at Straightalk for the 8 days of no cell service that I had.This is the type of company you are going to deal with if anything goes wrong with your phone.  Both Straightalk and Net10 are owned by Tracfone.  Buy at your own risk because if anything goes wrong with your phone you will be SOL.  Luckily I purchased everything on a credit card and put the phone and the 8 days of no wireless service on dispute.

this was a gift to my sister in law. since I have the exact same one I know she will love it as much as we do has any feature you would desire

After being on Verizon with 2 different phones and then switching to Straighttalk and getting this phone. I was very happy to save money, although Paid, $179.99 at Walmart. I overall really liked this phone, it seems very steady, yes pictures in side can dark, make sure do have lighting,but not THAT bad.  I couldn't get the phone to do streaming radio, I thought it should & would? Maybe it was my own limitations? However, sometimes when someone called if you bumped it wrong, it would have the reject screen, that was hard to get rid, until I learned how minimize it. I never watched movies, did do all share with my computer and all the music came over. In the beginning I didn't notice the battery being that short, but as time progressed, yes it really got that way.  Lots of google play aps to get,a I never had dropped calls that weren't explainable at all. When things might stick, I would take the battery out and put it back in. Overall I have been quite happy with this phone, it had maps just like a Garmin, with voice, it seemed to stick, and I guess that might something the company is fixing? Anyway, I was pleased to be saving what I considered enough money, to get a smart phone with all the whistles and not having pay twice as much a month. The main that came up at 1 year and 4 months, a few weeks before this, the phone started to not charge well, it would beep alot more in the like chargers do when they are old, You'd plug it at night and in the morning it would be dead, it would charge a little, in a blink it wasn't charging. I babied it for a couple weeks, trying different chargers to see when it would load. Did see on Andriod boards that this happened alot to some of the phones. It harder and harder to keep a charge and flash the screen for no reason, and now is pretty much done. I did talk with Straighttalk, and since out of warranty, I'm going to Walmart to see if they have battery tester to see if it the phone. The battery I noticed today, has swelling at the bottom, so I do think it is bad, but we'll find out. And Truthfully I did drop the phone more than once, a couple times on tile and that immediately separates the phone on impact. So yes I know, I need to try to carry less around and keep a good hold especially on cement and tile. And find where I put the cover for it? Well I'll know more tomorrow!

Though I returned this one as it was a NET10 (K-Mart) designated phone instead of a Straight Talk (Walmart), I did get one.  Works very well...  very frustrating to learn, but highly dependable.  If you know the Androids, this is an excellent phone.

Ive been using this phone for almost a year and it is a very good phone for the price. it is also very durable. i have accidently dropped it many times and screen and the functions are still good. The only drawbacks are speakerphone and flash. there is no flash on this phone and the speaker doesnt work very well.

The phone is an awesome phone for the price, but the battery life is horrible. I have to shut it off at work for an 8hr day for it to not die

I know that the review title is odd, but hear me out. For the past few months, I had been using a Virgin Mobile smart phone with the Sprint tower in town. For that time, the tower would go up and down, making me miss calls and at one point almost being fired for it. I said enough was enough and decided to look into a Verizon contract phone.Very glad I found this phone before signing away! It's a decent phone, build is somewhat small and my battery has been lasting 16 hours at a time. I play a lot of Internet radio, but in between that I have Juice Defender Ultimate running to conserve battery.If you are looking for the latest and greatest, this may not be your phone. Otherwise, if you want to make calls go through without jumping through hoops, check this phone out!

Before I ordered the Samsung Galaxy Proclaim I read all the reviews on it.  Almost everyone said it could be used with straight talk! received mine today and it says net 10 can be used only with a 50 dollar card! I called company they said it uses sprint network!  Hate sprint!  In the corner of package it has CDMA-V.  Does that mean Verizon network?  Which is it  Sprint or Verizon? I guess I'll send this back!  I ordered this here because of the good reviews.
