
On these Sony phones ....I must be over looking who the carrier is ? sorry, could you let me know please? thanks

es excelente, tel&eacute;fono, muy completo, no tiene nada que envidiar a los android mas cotizados en el mercado sansung, aphone, muy bueno, resistente , me facina

If/when you decide to buy this phone, ensure that you have a -----> MICRO &lt;----- SIM card, not a regular sized one. Either I missed this spec entirely or it was never mentioned, just beware. Aside from that hiccup, the phone is freaking awesome.

I received the phone in good condition. This phone in my opinion has everything I need.. the camera is great! the phone definitely is very faster! just awesome :) recommended

I love this phone from the design to the camera to the screen size ! Awesome phone I have ever had !

It is a smart phone that serves young people especially women, the only thing that can be a disadvantage is that your battery has little time before the iphone

Is there any chance to update this phone ?? I never updated and sometimes it just stop working no moves nothig just BLOCK till the batery died ,

Big sharp screen and easy to use.  Would have liked an instruction book as I am a reader/studier.  But the phone is terrific.

I was looking for a very good and not too expensive Android device and I found it. This Smartphone is great! It has everything you need and more. I just updated it to Jelly Bean and it feel very smooth. What I love the most about this gadget is its beautiful screen. Colors are so bright and clear. 100% recommended!

very good phone but I only brought accessories USB cable and charger!! happened with headphones and hdmi cable, should espesificar the contents of the box?

Very good phone. Fast, good pictures amazing screen and for around 300 bucks it's not the iphone but it does the job and the fast charger it's very good when you need fast charging power.

EL TELEFONO ME LLEGO A VENEZUELA EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES NO TUVE NINGUN TIPO DE PROBLEMA. EL EQUIPO ES RECOMENDADO 100%

I own this product for about 2 months. I am quite happy with this phone. Yes, I love Sony and I always support them. This phone is battle tested during my 2 tours to China)DESIGN&ERGONOMICS;:This phone has distinctive design and it's not Iphone that everybody around you has. Xperia S lies perfectly in hand, it's easier to hold than Iphone 4S or Samsung Galaxy S2. This phone is good for mens hands. This phone uses Micro SIM only. Comes with preinstalled screen protector.SOUND QUALITY, DISPLAY, CAMERA:Great sound quality for calls, nice selection of ringtones (some of them are very unusual). Display is also topnotch. Colors look more natural than on Iphone 4S and Galaxy S2. Camera makes good shots during outdoor sessions but a bit noiser in low light conditions. Still it's very good camera. I used this phone once to shoot a rock show, results were far from perfect. Sound was very messy.ANDROID APPS, GMAIL, SOCIAL NETWORKINGThere are plenty of apps for this phone. I have downloaded Amazon mobile which works perfectly. Also I have some other apps - Topface, Russian "Vkontakte" app and others. Gmail is very well made - it's easy to compose a letter, you can search thru your e-mails. My only gripe is about calculator - there are no M+, M- and MR buttons, which are very useful. Shame on you Sony! Anyway you can download free calculator from Google Play. Social networking is very convinient. I have even downloaded one game - "Wind-up Knight" which looks good and fun to play.BATTERY LIFE:I have never ran out of the juice completely but I can tell that usage of photo camera and Wi-Fi takes a lot of power. I am not big fan of smartphone gaming (I have PS Vita for gaming) that's why I can't comment on power consumption in games. All in all you can use it up to 3 days without recharging if you don't use much of Wi-Fi and camera.Another solid effort from Sony. Get well guys!)

I love Sony. You will always get more options and features at same money. Camera is the best, working fast. love it

ES UN EQUIPO MARAVILLOSO CUMPLIENDO CON TODAS LAS EXPECTATIVAS Y MAS Y VINO ACTUALIZADO AL ANDROID 4 DE UNA VES

Used to have galaxy note and had to sell it due to its big size, but this was the perfect replacement phone everafter a good phone like galaxy note. I love it and I strongly recommend it, abd its so cheap comparing to its style and performance. I am so impressed with it.

exelent, nice cellphone, the best of the xperias i love  the 12 mp camera and the new software a a

Nice product but the software need be more smoother, i was expecting more from sony tho, but still it's a great phone

I've liked this phone so far. Processor is fast and the battery will make it through the day even with watching videos during my breaks at work. Camera resolution is fine, but I had an incident with a banking app where the first time I tried to use mobile deposit, the phone froze and restarted, after that I tried it gain and has been working fine since(probably an Android problem). The screen response is good, but not great. The speakers are badly positioned, where max volume is still not as loud as on other cheaper phones; and the USB cable is about 2 ft long, I prefer longer. Overall good.

Excelent... I love itExcelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it Excelent Recomend... I love it

This phone is simple to use and hassle free. There are tons of reviews online so look em up. Just wish there were better cases for it, like a really good Otterbox or something.

my friend saw this internet and ordered to me to buy for herI buy itand cheked it it is soo good and  relaible price also came on time

This is a great phone, the camera takes great pictures, only when you zoon in is not so good... Videos are also great quality... And all the facilities are great... I really recomended it...

Ruim, trava toda hora, j&aacute; desligou sozinho. E isso tudo em apenas 1 mes de uso. Estou tentando vender e no recomendo.

If doesn't want an Iphone and pay it very expensive by a Samsung galaxy or a Sony Xperia Sit's a great phone, a HD screenperfect

With ICS, latest firmware update and Nova Launcher, it feels much much better now.Unlike Samsung GS3, this phone doesn't have latest CPU but I don't see any problem for daily task.And I think its design is better than any other phone, even better than latest Xperia T,TX, V.

After going through several Samsung, Nokia and HTC phones and managing to break almost every single one of them, I decided to shake things up a bit and buy the sleek, attractive Sony Xperia S.Pros:- Ease of use. I bought this phone unlocked and it was incredibly easy to set up with AT&T.; I just brought it into one of the stores and they set everything up at no charge. Beware that the SIM card required is a micro-SIM card, so you will need to get this changed out if you're going to use AT&T.; I've heard that they sometimes charge, but they didn't charge me anything when I went in. The nice lady at the store also warned me that the internet sometimes doesn't work with unlocked phones, but this one works just fine.-Battery life. This phone has the longest battery life of any smartphone I've ever used. I expected it to be around 70% at least by the end of the day, but my charge never dropped below 85%. Of course I use the power saver feature to dim the backlighting and an app killer to keep the running programs down, but with just those two things I was able to preserve my battery for at least two days before I needed to charge it. And that's including dozens of text messages, some light Wi-Fi use and feature-browsing. It also charges very quickly.-Attractive. I love the clear illuminated bar on the bottom. I have gotten several comments on how nice and different this phone looks. The display screen is bright, colorful and most importantly, shatter-resistant. Of course I bought a screen protector as soon as I could because I'm klutz. Also, the Android OS WILL automatically upgrade when you turn on either the data internet or Wi-Fi. It updated just fine for me and I have all of the apps and games I want on it.-Customizability. There are tons of settings and options on this phone to customize just about everything to your liking.Now onto the Cons...-Sound. I found that the speakerphone is too quiet. When I'm in my car, I have to plug it into my iPod jack so that I can hear it over the car stereo because it's too quiet otherwise. Music and sounds play loud enough to shake the phone, but for some reason the speakerphone is weak.-Back, Home & Menu buttons. After a few months of owning this phone the buttons have gotten difficult to press. Sometimes they don't respond at all. You don't have to push them hard to get them to work, but you have to find the &#34;sweet spot&#34;. Other times you can just hover over them without even touching them and it counts as a key press.-Swipe function when texting. Maybe there's a workaround for this, but I haven't found it yet without having to disable the swipe function completely. When you swipe and go to choose the word, sometimes the cursor will be over the word you want to choose. Like, totally blocks the word so you move the cursor all over but can't actually choose the word. I have to backspace the whole word and retype it letter by letter. It's EXTREMELY annoying for someone who texts a lot, and it makes me want to type everything letter by letter, which I find incredibly difficult on this phone. The keyboard is really tiny for me, even though I have small hands, and I end up fudging almost every other word up.Overall I would rate this a 4 out of 5. The more annoying aspects can be ignored for the rest of the excellent features this phone has. I would definitely recommend it to someone who wants something different.

i love it screen hd super , camera great , size and all the features are awesomei recomend it

It is so great as I thought before, new in the box. I like its screen very much, it is amazing!

The only 2 thing i dont like about the phone is the battery is not long lasting and i cant get 4G/3G with SIMPLE MOBILE only have EDGE. But I like my Phone is very fast, never have trouble open any apps, the resolution on the screen is very good, both cameras . Dos cosas que no me gustan del telefono son la bateria no dura mucho,y no puedo tener 4G/3G con SIMPLE MOBILE solamente tengo edge. Pero me gusta mi telefono es rapido y nunca he tenido problemas en abrir ninguna apps, la resolusion de la pantalla es buena y ambas camaras.

Its a great device, can be update and have a lot of application for productivity and relaxing... A great idea change to other brand like this

This is my first smart phone so I can't compare it to all the others out there but I read a ton of reviews on this phone before I bought it and I love it, the biggest complaint about this phone in the reviews were the three little buttons at the bottom of the phone located right above the light bar were hard to find and took multiple presses to get them to respond, you do have to press/tap firmly on top of the button to get them to respond but it hasn't been a problem. This phone has the performance that the higher dollar phones have at a lot cheaper cost, the only thing that could make this phone better is to have a SD card slot and a user replaceable battery.

I received the cellphone, It's excellent. I am delighted with this phone, it has met all my expectations =) =)

When you open the box and get a first glimpse of this thing the beauty of it just pulls you in. So far the phone does everything i saw on the advertisement. It feels comfortable holding it, menus are user friendly. If you're with T-mobile you won't get 3G but can still get regular data which works fine for non-heavy streamers e.g pandora, facebook. The display is just awesome!! High pixel density makes games, movies, tv shows look sooooooo good!!!!Review update: 6-1-13First of all let me just say I get 3G now. I discovered this by accident. Recently my phone was dragging and at one point the touch screen was not working properly. I knew something had corrupted the drivers and I had to reset the phone. I used the Sony mobile companion's fix my phone utility. Keep in mind when you do this it will reset your phone back to factory and install new software. Have your contacts backed up. In my case it restored all my pictures, videos and music. Once the software download was complete and the phone restarted.....presto!!! 3G!! and the phone is lightning fast.

Excelente telefono. Opera perfectamente en Venezuela. 100% recomendado. Recibido a tiempo y en perfectas condiciones. Me cambie a Sony y permanecere con Sony.

Hi there!I bought this phone and live in &Aacute;frica Angola . Suddenly my phone blacked out and it is not longevidade charging at all.What would i do in order to get the phone fixed?RegardsTomas maria

Es unn excelente telefono la empresa me lo entrego sumamente rapido y la funcionalidad es espectacular se los recomiendo a todos.

very satisfied with the purchase, I am taking advantage of the characteristics specified before the purchase, very good screen resolution, the effect of the camera when making auto zoom is interesting. takes some practice to take the bar translucent type. overall excellent phone.

The best phone we can buy, The screen it's big, but is comfortable, the cam it's better than the most cameras in the market, just great.

Pros:The phone looks great and feels great. It is light, solid and stylish, and you will stand out from your friends who will all have Iphones or overpriced Samsungs. The colors are amazing, even in the sun, which is terrific. The touch screen is fabulous and the camera results are great. Call quality is great and internet browsing is a pleasure. Front screen camera is better than you would find anywhere. Battery life is better than most smart-phones out there.Cons:The touch buttons at the bottom of the screen are a bit moody. Sometimes they work, and sometimes they don't. The camera takes a long time to adjust its focus. Some of the settings are hard to change too- for instance, vibration settings are hidden under display settings, and to get to keyboard settings, you have to go through sound settings etc. The speaker phone could be louder.Overall:I would highly recommend this phone. The pros far outweigh the cons. Get it! You won't regret this phone :)

I got everything I was looking for in a phone. IL looks great in style, and it functions very well. By the way, all my friends love it.

excelente telefono, lo unico y creo que es un mal de todos los smarthphone es la duracion de la bateria... de resto un telefono que lo tiene todo

excellent, the phone is fully released works perfect here in Venezuela with movilnet etc, digitel and also works with movistar, his only weak point is the battery as all phones

its a beautiful cellphone , the battery life is short ,the camera its good but not the best it can be improve , nokia N8 still has for me the great camera on cellphones ,the screen is beautiful , if you want the best of sony xperia , wait for xperia Z cellphone ,looks amazing

Very good mobile, screen is wonderful, camera is great, robust but battery is over bad last for one day maxmum in normal use.

With this phone sony have a great competitor. The design is so cool, display is a good size 4,3", the best is the camera 12mp and multimedia, your memory is big, is faster for all. I'm fan of sony and for me is the best cell phone in this moment

through this I want to claim for my product arrived completely sealed and in the box there was no tlf and accessories I demand a refund of my dollars as soon as possible

High performance, good reception, I like. I recommend it, is better than the Galaxy III, is beautiful, Compact, highly resistant

Excellent phone for the price. All the apps run smoothly. The dlna client is very fast and easy to use.The display is great!, Excellent colors and viewing angles.The only thing I don't like is that, maybe they could design it better, in order to make easier to grab the phone and write comfortably.

I am quite ok with the phone, but was very surprised when I could not plug the charger from the phone's box into the phone. Although it is an ordinary USB thing. It is not a very big problem, I use USB charges from my older staff, but it is the first time I see this and naturally no one accounts for this kind of things to happen.Main buttons (3 in the bottom) are not very responsible.advantages of the low end, so I said.

I bought this phone for texting, calling and pictures; primary reasons.  The pictures are great and the other its are functions.  I had an older iphone before, Samsung and pantech, this is by far a better phone.  It is simple to use and I can easily move music from my media player to the phone like I can with my Walkman mp3 player.  Im clad I went with Sony and it's an unlocked phone.

Positivo:Excelente producto, tecnolog&iacute;a de punta, liviano, resoluci&oacute;n de calidad, delgado,sonido de calidad,r&aacute;pido,wifiNegativo: No dura mucho la bater&iacute;a, hay que cargo diariamente

I bought this phone good but when I got to the office of Venezuela are asking me the bill for the phone I could send the bill to my address in MiamiCASTELLANOS CRISTANCHO DAYSI DIODHAT VE1111678536 NW 66 TH ST. MIAMI-FLORIDAMIAMI, FLORIDA 33166United States

This phone works really well however if your a Verizon customer don't do the same mistake I did and buy this phone. I ended up returning it because I got used to the great Verizon service and couldn't switch to anything less. The phone got a billion compliments from everyone I showed it to and I loved having it

Very impressed with the phone, I couldn't imagine someone being dissatisfied with getting this phone. Huge screen, awesome resolution, excellent camera, battery last even longer than expected.

So I've had this phone for 2 weeks now and so far I'm very impressed. My previous phone was a Dell Venue Pro Windows Phone and it was quite a change going back to Android. As an OS I still think I prefer Windows Phone but I still love the versatility of Android. As soon as I set up the phone there was an update available to ICS, which is a huge improvement. The only fault I can see with ICS is that they removed WiFi Direct but that's not really a biggie. The screen is absolutely incredible and a higher pixel density than even the iPhone 5. The physical design of the phone is what first attracted me to the Xperia S and it is gorgeous! The clear bar through the phone at the bottom is awesome. I love the NFC functionality as well. Overall I have nothing bad to say about the phone!

I bought this phone to replace my nokia n8. Nokia's decision to kill Symbian forces me to switch android ecosystem because I need some apps for my work. I find them on playstore.I must to say that I am pleased with Sony hardware. Sony Xperia S has amazing screen and camera. I hope Sony release Jelly Bean update soon.

Es excente el celular, estoy muy contento con el. lo unico que objeto a este celular es el sistema que viene, ya deberia de ser el  4.1, no actualizarlo el usuario.

This phone does not look to impresive on the pictures but, when you have it, it feels just great. It has very nice LCD, great resolution, the camara take great pictures. It is very easy and intuitive to use. I did a very good selection.
