
With respect to the product, arrived in good condition ... the cost is right, excellent for your applications ... however, this model does not have flash ... This is evidenced by the low cost ... likewise, thank you very much ... I'm happy with the product ... excuse my English

I bought it excellent for use in Venezuela at first had some fear for the time it takes to reach because of the company you hire to transport but the team is very good indeed

Product arrived on time. The phone works great here in Venezuela (I have a Digitel and Movistar Sim card installed). I was able to get calls from both sims. I have no issues with setting up the web connection. Slim design, makes it perfect to carry about.I would give it a 5 star but the cell doesn't come with Spanish language options. Internet connection is slow. It is not a 3G (unless you have the Digitel line as principal).

I got it as a gift for a friend in Africa, he love it. Easy to use so far no problem with it use. The dual SIM is a plus

The phone comes in german language and you have to switch it.  Then it worked for one day and then it SHUT DOWN completely even though it was fully charged.  I threw away the box so can't return it.  Spend more and get some quality, This seller is selling obviously suspect items.  Of course, I noticed that items that are sold by a third party and processed by Amazon should RAISE A RED FLAG.

Phone is really good. Internet is fast. Has many language (italian, Russian), fm radio I really like, using in Italy  and USA with no problem.delivery was quick. Happy with purchase.

Amazing phone, I like it. It has a lot of nice features and using the dual sim card was awesome coz I didn't have to carry 2 phones.

I bought this phone to use in Ethiopia and works fine as expected. No major issues. It's slightly slower than I expected. Screen transitions are a bit laggy. The device is slightly underpowered for the OS but it gets the job done. The dual sims are a plus. I'm satisfied. Thanks!

I got this phone for brother in the UK and he loves it and the best part is that it works there.

I bought it for my mom and she really likes it, nice camera for the price.What she doesn't find that easy is to swtich between the two chips.

LLEGO A TIEMPO ME ENCANTA ESTE TELEFONO Y LA TIENDA MUY RESPONSABLE EL ENVIO LLEGO A TIEMPO Y EN EXCELENTE CONDICI&Ograve;N EN CUANTO AL EMPAQUE MUY BIEN

the cell brings no Spanish between the default languages&#8203;&#8203;. It is difficult to write with it. it does not bring the letter &ntilde;.

Got this for my nephew. Camera on this phone is not great. I understand it because it is an older model phone.

This is an excellent choice for someone who needs an android smartphone with multi sim capability, versatility and ease to use.

I Returned this celphone twice. The first time I ordered with Techno.Trading.House and I got the phone with different 3G Network Band. I received the one with 3G Network HSDPA 850 / 2100 and Amazon specifies that the 3G Network HSDPA is 850/1900. I need the 1900 band because this is the one that my carrier uses for 3G Network. The second time I ordered with Phone Etc and I still got the phone with different 3G Network Band. This time I received the one with 3G Network HSDPA 900 / 2100 and Amazon specifies that the 3G Network HSDPA is 850/1900. I need the 1900 band because this is the one that my carrier uses for 3G Network. I returned for second time and placed a new order. Amazon customer service told me that this time I will get the phone as They specifies, I mean 3G band network 850/1900. This time was again with Techno.Trading.House and Surprise !!! Still got the phone with different 3G Network Band. This time I received the one with 3G Network HSDPA 850 / 2100 (same first time) and Amazon specifies that the 3G Network HSDPA is 850/1900. This one I have not returned it yet.

Good android device. Excellent introductory smartphone.  Comes with older version of android but is up-grade-able. No problems with device so far.

Everything was OK. Good Buy, Good shipping. Fulfilled what was promised. I advise buying. I am still figuring out my the details of this phone.

The phone has many great features: applications, games, Internet, good camera, etc. No complaints there. What I hate about the phone is that it's slow. When you turn it on, it takes up to 5 or 6 seconds for the screen display to appear. Other times it's a bit faster, but it's frustrating to have that much of a lag. If you want to take a photo quickly, forget about it! By the time the phone turns on and you tap on a couple of icons  just to get to the camera, you'll have missed the shot. My old "un-Smart" phone required only 1 push of a button and the camera was on and ready. Another thing...sometimes when you tap on an icon, it takes a bit of time. You think that you didn't tap it correctly and tap again, and then you realize you tapped twice. Same thing with the arrow to go back to the previous display. It's sometimes slow and you tap it again, only to have it go back 2 displays. This is what drives me up the wall about the phone. I sometimes regret buying it, but it sure beats carrying 2 phones around, since I have 2 carriers. Switching between carriers is easy...just slide your finger down the screen and tap on a carrier's icon. In summary, the bad thing about the phone is that it's slow!

I purchased in April and have had bad luck when compared to other Samsung phones.  It has not been dependable and does not currently function.  After a few months use, it would not charge.  I ordered a new battery which solved problem, but the phone battery should last much longer.  When not charging there was a very annoying sound as it tried to charge.  Recent the phone fell less than a meter in height and now refuses to charge.  My other Samsung phones have survived worse accidents.  I think there are better options.

I ordered this to use in Brazil.  It arrived on time with no problems.  When I got to Rio, I just put in a SIM chip that I already had, inserted and charged the battery, and I was up and running almost immediately.  These phones are very popular in Brazil and now popular with me.  I recommend it.

This Phone it's great, two sim cards, Wi-fi and you can download every application available. Good price too and very satisfied.

I purchased this phone for use in South Africa. It keeps losing connection to the wireless network (MTN) and I have had to restart it numerous times. If I remove the main SIM card on Sim 1 slot leaving the roaming SIM card on Sim 2 slot, then the phone works ok. But I didnt buy the phone for single SIM use. One Friday evening, I restarted the phone which stayed on for about 3 hours but then on Saturday morning, the phone lost connectivity to the wireless network. I contacted the seller who provided initial layman correspondence, eventually suggesting that I return the phone to a manufacturer in Germany, which I preferred not to, but then the correspondence died along the way. Very very disappointed with the purchase, and especially that I had purchased to units..

The phone worked well enough domestically but internationally it was not the best. It might have been the sym card but the phone required a lot of * and # to be included in the calling protocol that made it a bit cumbersome. This was complicated by the fact that the protocol was different for calling and texting even though the number was the same. In fact because of the availability of wifi, I used my iPhone for most communication and used the Samsung very little.

I got this phone yesterday and as far as I can see, it looks to be a great phone. Would recommend anyone who wants t travel to Asia and Africa where there are multiple cellphone carriers.

the phone is goodI do not need much internet just emails and whatsapp so it is not too slow for meAs a phone it is good, the right size and serves well with 2 sims so I don't have to carry 2 phones with meandroid is the low level 2.3.6 but is sufficient to what I need and all in all I like android much more than the apple staff - for me it is much better

Very good phone!As always, I never get disappointed with a samsung.Every function works properly, and the reception during a call is very good.It is a little slow. But in my opinion this is still an issue on phones with many functions.

After I used and tested I see that it's cel phone it's the best android dual chip that I had, sufficient rom memory and response quite fast.

Background : I was attracted to this phone because I travel quite often, and wanted to check out the convenience of dual sims. Will be traveling soon, but until then these are my early findingsOut of the Box:1- Version was intended for the UK, not Germany. So language was already set for English.2- Charger did not work, and I did not recognize until the battery, which was initially partially charged, became very low. The battery icon is so small, it is hard to tell. Anyhow, I found out that it is not a faulty charger, but a faulty converter plug which came as an extra item from the seller, but not in the Galaxy factory box. Substituting a good plug solved the charging problem.3- No handbook, and no luck downloading from the Galaxy website. I use a Mac, and there is no provision on the website for downloading mac-compatible file(s). Same problem as with a Nokia phone I have.4- Had quite a time finding the product on the Galaxy website. No recognition of the model in the search box.(Update 16/Mar/2013): I located the uk website for Samsung, and there I found a Mac version for the interface program KIES. Downloaded it and interfaced with the cell phone successfully. KIES is the ITUNES of samsung phones.5- Cell phone works fine, no problems6- Connection to the home network works fine7- To make use of many applications you must have a Google account and link the device to the account.8- Have downloaded emails, and exchanged text messages, all ok8 Have inserted two sims, both work ok. Still need to understand the option/limitations for "both to work simultaneously" (Update 16/Mar/2013) : have not been successful in getting the sim cards to forward calls to each other. SIM cards are from T-Mobil.9 Have inserted a microSD card containing data (images, media files). Accepted ok in the Galaxy

I Have Had Other Dual Sim Phones Before,But This One Is The Best So Far,Easy To Operate,Would Recommend It To Any One

The phone works fine. However, the battery only lasts for less than 2 days without any call. The battery of my 4 years old iPhone lasts longer than that.

I took this phone to Hong Kong and it works great. I was able to get reasonably fast data and the call quality was fine. The battery life seems to be depleted faster if wifi is used rather than broadband. I also used it to take photos and the 5 MP camera is just fine if you are aware that you're not going to be getting iphone-level quality photos (but they're totally adequate for snapshots). I recommend ordering a US Motorola charger (or whatever country you're in) because it comes with a European charger. Phone arrived with Polish packaging and instructions, but don't be alarmed. It's very easy to set it up in English from the get-go (there are instructions included). I recommend this phone if you're traveling.A note about the SIM card: Do NOT push the SIM card all the way into the slot. You just want the gold part of the card to contact the little gold bits in the slot near the edge. A micro sim card will not slide all the way in, so don't panic. You may need to experiment a bit with placement to make sure the card gets read by the phone. Just don't shove it all the way in or you'll regret it.

I just received this phone, but so disappointed. The phone is either in Portuguese or Spanish. The user manual doesn't say anything on how to solve this. I called Samsung customer care and they said they could not help, ad asked me to return it. So annoying, yet I wanted a phone asap

I bought tis phone for my wife when she was travelling back to Nigeria. The phone worked great during her trip and I coul get in touch with her anytime on the best two networks sims she had in it while in Nigeria. Good product. Thanks.

Nowhere's did it mention, or clearly state, in the description, that the phone doesn't work with Verizon. I travel a lot overseas and have two phones. One with Verizon (Blackberry) and the other with Vodaphone (generic phone), both of which, I believe are ultimately the same company. I get this new phone and open the package and inside is a note stating that it doesn't work with Verizon or T-Mobile. I wasted my money.

Treated gently but stopped working.  Battery does not charge.  tried a different cable and still no charge.  Even when it did work, it was super slow and I bought it because it had a 5mp camera - but camera pics were not very good either.  Unfortunate, but don't waste your money on this product.

Great Cell Phone!  Excellent Job By Samsung!  All my Spectations were filled!  I did Resolve my Two Numbers Problem and It's an active Dual Sim Phone and It looks great..

This is the smartphone that I wanted. Dual SIM and Samsung Galaxy line, is very amazing. The Android SO works very well in this hardware

For the price I've paid ,very good , fast internet connection , good sound .convenient the 2 sims cards works very good.

i really love it it.  ! is more that I was  expecting , is great to have two  SIMS in  one  telephone

The phone is good, like the dual sim option. although sometimes it shuts down unexplectadly.I would go back to iphone if I wouldn't need to have two sim cards

Easy to use, easy to navigate, good for the price. i only use this phone for traveling outside the US.

The phone was working fine but the charger did not work. The motorola charger for my old phone worked with the Samsung Duos. Other than that I like the phone.

Works in Africa ...is so good..quickest delivery once i ordered..good size, being a dual sim it makes it even more brilliant...a gift for my mum..cant wait to hear what she is gonna say...i love it

This phone is proving excellent for those times when we travel from one country (with one phone system) to another (with a separate phone system).  The phone holds two different SIM cards, so we don't need to carry two phones.  Where have these been all my life?

Easily set upThe 2 SIM's function as expected  1- ATT the other TELCEL  MexicoRecommended for who travel and need dual SIM'S

Please note that I was a cause I expected little bit diasppointed when I received the Phone because i expected the features to be like a perfect android phone like the iphone i was using before.Up till now I cannot make any download from my laptop to the phone, the usp does not install anything on the laptop from the phone. So how can I install the samsung to my phone at least to be able to download music.?Also the 2 sims workability is doubtful. Please help.I wrote to the seller of the phone he was nor helpful at all, was even rude.

I did buy this phone for my relatives, and got excellent feedback about the phone and it works good in india. Much appreciation to dealer/seller/amazon for delivering one day prior to delivery date and i was able to send the package with my spouse before leaving to india. Thanks again!

El celular tiene un navegador super r&aacute;pido, vers&aacute;til, funciona perfectamente en Venezuela con la linea movilnet. Lo recomiendo para ejecutivos q necesitan enviar y recibir informes de trabajo

I am still figuring out my the details of this phone, but so far it has been doing a great job.

At last, got a unlocked phone and now using it with a no contract plan. Wifi, radio and internet capabilities. Only one camera but no need to take selfie picture anyway.

This is great phone, Dual Sim work perfect, AT&T; and T-Mobile work. I use also PTEL prepaid great. WIFI work perfect, easy to download and install App. But ChatOn is always install, I don't want that, after uninstall again and again download and install.when you call, screen locked and need double touch screen, I don't like it.When wifi turn on battery is not more than 24 hours for standby.Other - good.

It is light weight, big screen relative to others by RIM for example, and robust ( despite valiant attempts to save it from falls) it has fallen and reset several times. The operating system is not the latest but is upgradeable.  I would have preferred a black wire headset rather than white with this phone but I can get one in the aftermarket.  Out of the box, it works well and has good applications.  For the price and features, it is an excellent device.

This is a very good phone with the noted exception of the fact that it's not what I would consider a truly international version. Languages included in the OS were limited to English, French, and multiple languages in eastern script (maybe Hindi, Arabic, Urdu?). Fortunately, I was able to flash the phone with software which included more European/Western languages.Battery life and functionality are good.

I like my new phone but have a lot of questions as this is my first "smart" phone, lol. I really need some help with it.

After waiting for years for good dual SIM phone, I finally get a one. This is dual Active! which is rare to find, there are a lot of dual standby. Its also Android! so I get all the benefits of google mail, contacts etc. For years i have used 2 cell phones, now I use just one. There are some items to note1/ Dual active: One of the SIM cards will be set to forward all calls to the other one. You have a SIM Management screen to choose which one. Which is really no issue, just make sure with your carrier that there are no extra charges for forwarding calls. For most carriers in USA mobile to mobile calls with the same carrier is free. I have 2 lines within the same carrier, so its all free for me. if you have SIM cards from different carriers then the call will be treated as a regular incoming call so you may get a charge, unless of course you have some buddy list or favorite list that you provider allows you to specify external numbers that are free calls for you. Work out all these logistics before you buy.Nice thing about the dual active though is that it all goes to one voicemail. Also you will see the call from the second line ringing like a normal call, it will should you which SIM card the call is coming from. You can select which SIM card to make a call from. You set the default in the SIM manager, so say you set it to SIM 1, by default all outgoing calls will be via SIM1 but you can easily change the SIM for a specific call. Same thing with text.2/ Data plan: You can also select which SIM card to use for data. For instance I have data plan on only SIM 2, so I go to SIM manager and select SIM 2 for data use.3/ There is NO 4G! This is the big minus with this phone, which means that an upgrade is eminient. I probably have to change the phone in the next year or two so I get the 4G. No big deal for me now, I don't do much internet surfing on my phone now.4/ Its Android 2.3. No upgrade to Android 4 yet5/ Here is one big issue. when you are on a call, the screen locks up and you have to double tap to unlock it. It is a feature not an issue but a lot of people don't like it! it can be annoying. Lots of users have reported this issue, see [...] I think it was removed in later Android versions.6/ battery life is great. I usually turn off GPS etc so I am a light user, just calls and light surfing, checking email, I get 6 days inbetween charge.7/ Does not support Adobe flash. So some of your online videos will not be able to play. I don't use my smartphone for any major surfing so no big deal.8/ There is no 3G 850 band so you will not get 3G on ATT. The 3G is 900/1900. You will get Edge on ATT which is slow. If you do a lot of internet use, this can be an issue.In summary, good phone, some enhancements needed but its by far the best dual SIM android phone currently on the market. Not really made for US market where we have 3G, 4G.

I bought 2 of these. Purchase agreement specifically says - no guarantee. One of the 2 wouldn't switch on after 6 weeks of use. The other had very bad screen resolution. Could not get the dual sim function to work in either.Bottom line - price is ok, but save a little and get a more durable product

The phone works great.  It is exactly what I had expected.  The two sims functionality is wonderful.  I was able to get calls from both sims. I have no issues with setting up the web connection.  It's a bit slow but ok - didn't get the phone for the fast internet anyway.  The size of the phone and screen is perfect for me.  I did not carry my S-II skyrocket because it was too big.  Great service.  I highly recommend it.

I have used this phone for about 6 weeks in Nicaragua using the Claro and Movistar carriers.  As all the reviews say, it is kinda slow. When you click to "wake up" or unlock the phone there is a noticeable lag, but after a few weeks, you should get used to it.  Flipping through home pages is usually smooth, but sometimes it lags a bit. Screen resolution quality, call quality and speaker sound are all excellent for a mid range phone.  The in-call volume would be better if it were louder, but it is not a deal-breaker. The phone's build quality feels very good.The final thing, for which I don't give it 5 stars, is that recently the phone has been slow after I switch between sims to make calls on the different carriers. However, I mostly use one carrier, so I hardly notice. Overall, it is a good phone with a very appropriate price tag.

it really works perfect, but it doesnot bring portuguese, spanish, etc.... it just has about six language. only two of them are usefull.
