
Very fast delivery. Excellent phone - fast, waterproof, with an excellent screen. It is good protective film on the screen. It is better to use a protective case. Thank you.

This phone has a defective microphone and the other person on the line can never hear me.I tried the warranty, it didn't work and I tried fixing it, but every time the microphone is changed it burns.Do not purchase it!

Mi se&ntilde;ora cambio un nokia 5800 por este sony xperia acro SCamara excelente.Audio excelenteViene con Dock Station para cargar, eso es excelente.Muy recomendable

When I first learned about the acquisition of Ericsson by Sony, my dream to see a purebred Sony Xperia phone came true!  With the release of Sony's Xperia ion 4G LTE phone, I became even more interested in what was to come.  At first, I thought about getting the Xperia ion.  However, the phone was a little too big for me.  So, I waited a little longer, and the wait paid off!  After a little additional time since its announcement, Sony finally released its much anticipated Xperia acro S.  The acro S was very similar to the Xperia ion.  However, aside from not being 4G LTE, the acro S beats the Xperia ion and any other Sony Xperia phone released to date by Sony!  At 5.0" tall and a 2.6" wide, the acro S is not too big and not too small.  It's perfect for viewing pictures and videos, as well as for surfing the Net.  With its amazing 12.1 MP camera and at 1280 x 720 pixels, viewing pictures and HD videos is a true delight!  The acro S also comes preloaded with the new Adroid 4.0 software, so there's no need to upgrade it at all.  The back of the acro S is rubbery, which aids in gripping it better.  It also comes with a desk stand to safely and conveniently place on a desk.  The acro S has a micro USB and a micro HDMI ports, and it's DLNA certified!  One thing that I didn't like was the fact that Sony didn't include the miro SD memory.  It's also easy to create a WiFi hotspot with the acro S, unlike with the iPhone series phones.  And finally, the water and dust resistance are world class.  I highly recommend buying this phone, if you can afford it.  You will not regret it!

First off, this phone DOES work on AT&T; 3G: you need to set Network Mode to WCDMA(preferred)/GSM even though AT&T; is a GSM network. You also need to set the proper APN settings.I added a NET10 SIM to test the phone, and used these settings (from net10sim.com/support.php):Name net10APN tfdataMMSC h t t p : / / mms-tf.net (no spaces)MMS Proxy mms3.tracfone.comMMS Port 80After it's added, the H appears above the signal bars. I also tried a T-Mobile SIM, but I was in a roaming area so I couldn't verify its 3G connectivity.I bought this phone for the ANT+ built-in as well as the waterproofing and wet finger tracking. I was thinking of using a MOTOACTV but I figured I might as well get an ANT+ phone to only carry 1 device, and also have Endomondo, etc. upload data automatically.I have the phone paired with these ANT+ devices:Wahoo Fitness Speed & Cadence Sensor for iPhone,Wahoo Fitness Soft Heart Rate Strap for iPod/iPhone,Wahoo Fitness Stride Sensor for iPhone. Even though they say iPhone, they're ANT+ devices, so they work with this phone.The 720p screen is beautiful. I have the brightness set on the second lowest setting, and I can still see the screen fine outdoors.The 3 Android "buttons" at the bottom and sometimes be a pain to tap. They're part of the screen, so tap them lightly just like the screen, not click like a button.The battery lasts me well over a day. The included charger dock does NOT charge if connected to a computer. It MUST be connected to an AC adapter that offers higher voltage/amperage than a computer USB port. You can charge the phone with a computer if connecting to the USB port. The charger for theSony Ericsson Hi-Fi Bluetooth Stereo Headset with FM Radio(awesome headset by the way) charges this phone by using either the USB port or connecting it to the charging dock. The phone doesn't fit in the dock if you're using a case on the phone, which is annoying to remove the case each time, but it's better than wearing out the usb cover's rubber seal as that's what provides the water proofing.I don't use any of the social (Facebook,Twitter,Google+) apps, so I uninstalled and disabled what I could.I multiple email accounts configured: Exchange in the Email app, IMAPS in the Email app, Gmail in the Gmail app, and Hotmail/Outlook in the Outlook.com app.The Smart Tags are nice to enable/disable BlueTooth, Wifi, etc rather than dig through the settings app, or leave them on and drain battery. The phone came with 2 tags, and I purchased theSony Xperia Full Set of 4 NFC Smart Tags for Xperia S, Xperia U & Xperia Solafor 6 total, but apparently you can only use the 4 tags, so now I have 2 duplicates that I place somewhere else in the house for the House action.When WiFi is enabled, the phone will automatically turn off the 3G (the H above the signal bars disappears). I keep WiFi enabled at home and work because it uses less power than the 3G radio, and it also routes the email and other traffic over WiFi rather than my data plan.The phone came with Android 4.0.4 Ice Cream Sandwich (ICS), and Sony has announced that the phone will be getting a 4.x Jelly Bean (JB) upgrade in a few weeks.

Only gripe... Speakers are weak. Besides that, the phone is fast, the keyboard typing/swipe is very intuitive, love the docking/charging stand, love how the Bravia engine displays dark black, the whole display is beautiful, love how the sides are rounded off to the flat front surface, and after having used the Motorola Droid RAZR and Droid X, this phone is the perfect size (for me).

I say this with confidence, this phone is one of the best android phones you could get today, and the technology offered inside is superb. Sony are known for their premium products, so if you care about class this phone is for you!The most thing that grabbed my attention with the Acro S is how stable and fast it is. I felt as if the software and hardware were meant to last for ever! Sony did an outstanding job with this phone, it's even better than the Xperia S and ion in my opinion and I say this from experience.Pros:1- A great bright HD resolution screen, the screen is really sharp and reflects vivid colors with the Mobile Bravia from Sony which makes it epic.2- The phone comes with android 4.0.4 out of the box for the convenience of your mind ( the phones runs very smooth! Better than the SG3)3- Water and dust resistant phone.4- The best camera offered on an android phone, a 12mp camera with Exmor-R technology for taking better pictures in low light conditions.5- loud and clear speakers.Cons:1- It's a little thicker than the SG3 and HTC One X, however, the thickness makes it more comfortable to hold in your hands.2- The capacitive buttons works great, however, you may need some time to adjust for their sensitivity but I promise you you'll get used to them in no time.

Just plug in the SIM (out of US - checked with two different SIM's)A bit big to my liking, excellent screen that said need be aware what is running and how long the screen is on otherwise the battery doesn't hold for a day.Self updated to 4.1.2 with no issues swift graphics and the main reason to buy it = water resistance seem to holdScreen scratch resistance is not really there, using it without any protection and with care. After 2 weeks a few scratches are there not major but visable.

Highest pixel density, best screen, fast, enough memory, acceptable battery life, water and dust resistant.. I'm not an Android fan, but this device just works great and I don't regret at all. There you go!

It's a very good phone for the price, nice performance, camera and screen. Battery also lasts no less than a full day. Recommended for image geeks

i am happy with this phone, meets all my expectations. got wet and worked flawlessly followed. good graphics and very easy to use

Very well .amazing smartphone satisfaction waranty with acro s sony experia. Lo recomiendo es un buen telephono. Logicamente ahora han salido mas recient  es mo delos

I bought this cellphone and it runs perfectly, but the box items are defective. They're not compatible with the phone, neither the headphones neither USB cable

The point is .....THE BATTERY.....(no removable o replaceable)a phone like this, needs urgently a battery with high capacity.. 1920 Amperes is a joke !!!.. When you more need it , more the battery die.but you can still bring one of those external battery packs and a cable.I expect more speed in web browsing, however being a dual core processor it wasn`t.Don`t get me wrong but if you cant take to deal with charging the phone 2 times a day or maybe more, wait for sony to present a phone With a higher performance or if you want it , buy it, but, keep a second Phone available when the acro leaves you in the midle of the way.Full hd phone are around the corner, and i this case maybe Sony has much to offer.

Just what I was waiting for

I spent hours with ATT tech support wondering why this phone only picks up the 2G/Edge network, and not the 3G data network as specified in the description. No success. The  phone's bands are compatible with att's 3g networks, but it only picks up EDGE/2G data speeds, and I even got a new sim card from ATT to try out, and still, 2G/EDGE was the only internet band it could pick up for data. Phone calls and text messages worked fine however.I'm certain that if I was in Europe, this would not be an issue, but somehow, this device fell short of delivering what I was highly anticipating for days it could do.If you plan on using this device in USA (with ATT), consider that you will only get 2G/EDGE data speeds, and then ask, what's the point? I'm not sure the seller is even aware of this issue!** The specs specifically mention compatibility with the bands that AT&T; uses for 3G.  If this phone lived up to its written specs, then I'd give it 5 stars. it does not.

Received as advertised. Received an additional US pin convertor as the charger was of different country pin. Mobile is very good, especially the camera is awsome. But the price was little high, had I done some research, I could have saved around $30!

I was looking for a phone to replace my HTC Desire HD, which I felt had poor picture quality. After a careful review of smartphones in the middle price range (i.e. $400 - $500), I narrowed down the search to the LG OPTIMUS 4X HD P880 and the SONY XPERIA ACRO S. While the LG comes with a Quad-core 1.5 GHz processor, versus the dual-core of the Sony, I was compelled by the hard-button camera key and the picture quality. Another plus for the Sony is the dust and water resistant case and the fact that you receive a docking station to charge the phone. There are smartphones with bigger screens and better processors than the Sony Xperia but the quality of the case, the screen, and the camera features led to the buying decision. I have not experienced any cons yet, except minor issues like inserting the SIM card, which requires small fingers or long nails or the covers for the micro USB and mini HTML ports. If you are looking for a good smartphone, not in the flagship category, the Sony Xperia Acro S is worthwhile a consideration.

So far so good.I have had my phone approximately for three weeks now. I am still loving it. I use my phone while taking shower, i also keep trying to hurt it, yet it's still fine.

I bought this as a replacement of my iPhone 4; I was definitively not going after the iPhone 5 because in Mexico there are no LTE networks, and also I took the decision while the Google Maps issue was happening.Anyway, from the specs this phone really got my attention, but besides the fact that is waterproof there is NOTHING else.The battery is really bad, I have to charge it 2 or 3 times a day!, android is not consolidated, nor stable compared to iOS, the touch buttons are really bad, they don't work if you just &#34;touch&#34; them, you rather have to &#34;glide&#34; your fingers over them to work.If you play music, no matter what else you do, even unlocking it or turning the screen on makes the music crack.The screen suddenly dims even though it is NOT set to automatically adjust.If you use it to take pictures/video underwater the water activates screen buttons, so sometimes the pictures are taken before you want them to; in other cases it seems as if the water on the screen disables it!, you cannot use it underwater, so its really hard to take underwater pictures or video, is not stable at all.The whole phone freezes a lot!, sometimes while doing some tasks like rotating the screen.There is a constant bug that if when the alarm sounds you click the power button, it will go crazy and there is no way to stop the alarm or to access the phone functions, you have to hard reset it to turn it off!Images rendering or rolling over is a pain, sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't!The few physical buttons it has (power, volume, camera) are kind of weird to push, it seems it has some sort of sealing rubber that makes them sticky, and the worst part is that the more you use them they start going into the phone, which makes them harder to push; if that doesn't stop I'm afraid they might end inside the phone as a hollow and not a button.And the list goes on...So in summary, it works, but is not very reliable, and doesn't look like a high quality elegant device, rather cheap and poorly designed.

I bought 2 of these phones within the last 6 months, the first one had a battery problem which made it unable to charge,the problem with the second phone is the in-call volume, I cannot hear the person at the other end of the call without having to use an earpiece.The return window is very short so i am unable to return the phone. I am now stuck with expensive paper-weights.

Excelent Cellphone, all that i want it! 100% recomended, love it! it has all the nice function and can be used in water....

IT'S A GREAT PHONE AND THE SHEEPMENT WAS GOOD AND ON TIME. NICE PRODUCT TO TRY AND BE ON LINE WITH YOUR FRIENDS

cellular and excellent video and sound quality, I recommend 100% is the best there is at that mark, marvel and super comfortable to handle

xperia acro s tiene espacio suficiente para instalar aplicaciones. funciona con cualquier operadora, lo unico que veo que a &egrave;sar de una buena camra tiene un flash led deficiente.

I have owned so many phones i cant even begin to to try to count. I have owned 85% of all the android devices on the market and every model of iphone. This is one of the most impressive phones I have owned. it is fast, nibble and has lots of storage options. the 16GB internal storage plus a sde card slot is great! also a USB OTG cable with a flash drive is plug and play unlike most other devices that need to be rooted and setup.This is a great phone, the only down side is that its not a quad core.....but its water proof and built like a tank so ill take that any day. I rarely have a phone for longer than 2 months, i dont plan on replacing this Sony anytime soon.

I bought this phone in early August, however from another online retailer. Most have commented already on the pros, so I'll focus on the cons because every product has its flaws. The Acro S is a great phone due to optimized performance (compared to other Snapdragon S3 phones), good ICS UI/customizations, and being waterproof, the main selling point. Battery life is also slightly better than average, on the most part, I can fit in 2~3 hours of talking time, some moderate usage (mostly Wifi internet browsing, Pulse, emails, WhatsApp, text messages). Having both ample storage space (16GB) and an easily removable micro-sd slot means you can cram pretty much anything you want into it.The HDMI port is also a standard micro plug, unlike some others where they are combined with the USB port. Talking about ports, the largest downside to this phone is that due to it being waterproof, all its ports have a plastic cover. This cover makes listening to music on this phone impossible on the go. If you were to leave it plugged in with a headphone in a pocket, it will very likely snap off. Therefore, getting a bluetooth unit is pretty much required for listening on the go (like the Sony MW600, Samsung HS3000). The other is that, continuous opening and closing of these ports will also wear them down. There is a rubber layer under it that protects the phone from water. Therefore, USB transfers/charging should be done only if needed, it is why a dock is provided on these waterproof phones.The other major issue is the camera. Yes it does have a high MP count, but on 100% crop, noise issues are very noticeable and quite bad. They are still great pictures, lots of details, good color reproduction, and fairly sharp, just that there is quite a bit of noise (even on ISO100 in bright sunlight). This shouldn't be an issue for most people because the pictures themselves look absolutely great when uploaded to FB and others (downsized). The front camera is alright for video calls, and is 720p. The phone's hardware is 100% the same versus the Xperia S, only waterproof and the inclusion of a micro-SD card slot (advanced users can even flash custom XS's roms onto the Acro S directly, only micro-sd doesn't work). This means the screen really is one of the best ones. It is fairly accurate in colors (not overly saturated), has good viewing angles, and looks very sharp (highest PPI in phones).During normal usage, the first issue would be the capacitive buttons, you actually hit slightly above the icons, but you should quickly catch on after a day or two. The second thing is that quick capture doesn't always work, and that the Bravia Engine option is currently not working as well after the ICS rollout (but this should be sorted out later on with more software updates). The last issue I have had with this phone is that there is a slight creaking sound when you hold the phone at the bottom and top corners of the top battery cover (sounds a bit confusing I know). These looks like weaker points in the construction simply because there are button cutouts next to it, making it a bit less sound. However, it only does it if you hold it a bit firmly, and it does still feel secure. In the two months+ I've used it, I haven't dropped this phone yet, but have used it daily and pretty much just stuffed it into a pocket everyday. It has held up fine, no scratches anywhere (even the included screen protector), and the text on the back and button icons haven't rubbed off yet (they will eventually though...). I've only had the phone crash by itself two times, which for a smartphone, is pretty good (My old X10, and iPhone 4 would crash 2~3 times a week). GPS is fairly quick to get, though Wifi signal seems to be a bit weaker (not sure if it is a bar display difference, have no actually checked the true db values). All phones side by side in a room, the Acro S displays the only 2 to 3 bars (out of 4) versus 3 to full on the X10, solid full signal on a laptop. I personally have not tried the bluetooth (range) and NFC yet, so I cannot comment on those.Audio quality is good, headphone output is clear. Call volume isn't super loud, but it is acceptable. Microphone is fairly clear and reduced background noise, but any wind will still silence you.The other thing to remember is, the battery is sealed! If you need to travel long distances, carry a portable battery charger (already do, so this didn't concern me). The battery inside is not user serviceable even if you open the back lid, it has been sealed with waterproof film, unlike the XS. On the bright side, it is a 1840~1900mAH one that holds up fairly well.Also any advanced users out there will have to know that the development community (XDA) on the Acro S is not as active due to late entry into the US market, however, there are many mods still available for it (as it works with any XS mod). Root can be done with literally 2~3 clicks should you worry about that.Most people should know that this phone does NOT work on Tmobile's (or Verizon/Sprint) 3G network, at least for now and most places. There ARE some places that you can get 3G, though mostly in the large cities. You can check their progress (unofficial) on airportal.de , which shows areas where the 1900/2100 band has been spotted (means iPhones and other international phones can work on 3G!).Overall, this phone is great. Its very well optimized (Sunspider, and other benchmark scores are quite ahead of other similar hardware phones), designed, and so far, seems fairly sturdy and well built. Like I said before, if you use your phone as your main music device, you might have to consider either using a bluetooth unit, or look away because the cover is flimsy and will snap off if you stuff it in a pocket and go jogging with it. Also don't expect this to replace your main camera other than for quick FB posts because there are quite severe noise issues (but they still look good). I really enjoy using this phone.For whoever is also looking at the Xperia V (I was), the successor to this phone, the V at the moment (October) does not look like it will enter the US market because the "h" version with US 3G bands has not been announced yet. The normal LTE version does not have LTE or 3G bands that the US can use (only Europe/Asia). Also it has 8gb internal memory instead, a VGA front camera, and no dedicated camera button. Similar camera sensor (13MP, but still same Exmor R, not RS), though with the S4 chip instead. You trade off some features to get a bit more speed and slightly better battery life (just a speculation as the S4 is more energy efficient but the Xperia V comes with a smaller, replaceable battery). If you are holding off on this phone for now to wait on the V, it is a tough choice since there are quite a good amount of trade offs, plus the Acro S's price has dropped now.Update December : 4 Months, though I dropped it a few times, no chipping at the chrome paint (or the body) yet, still waterproof. No new bugs/issues to report. Latest version of fw is .55, which you will have to use XDA's method of flashing (Flashtool) in order to keep root (no longer possible to use the old simpler method).Update Jan : After winter vacation my parents dropped my phone while trying to take a photo. There is a slight dent (nearly invisible, and you can hardly feel it) in the plastic housing but nothing major. It was about a meter drop onto solid marble. It is still waterproof. I forgot to say that Bravia Engine is working if anyone cares about it. Furthermore, after spending time home with a DLNA TV/BD Player, I've tested the Media Remote and Media Server (Connected Devices app). The app works flawlessly and while there is obvious room for improvement, nicely for a HX750 and a S590 player. It replicates the remote functions, can act as a keyboard input, and stream music and videos quickly to the television or to the player.After messing around with quite a large number of apps installed so far I have suffered only one freeze, but it was recoverable after about 10~15 seconds. The phone has not reset itself yet.

Excellent product, it arrived quickly and was totally new as expected. As a phone a think it's expensive if compared to a Samsung Galaxy but has great features.

I wanted a good phone with good features, great camera, great display...I've already had a Sony Ericsson Xperia mini pro so it was an upgrade, ICS runs great, the only thing that could be annoying sometimes is the cover on the ports, specially when you want to listen to music, which would require a Bluetooth headset. The rest works great for me.

the product is great, the shipping was on time and the product in perfect conditions the celphone is a good choice for the outdoor person.

Bought it from FGS trading and I fell in love with from day 1. The phone is very fast and gives us the best specifications at it's price range.

If you use the phone in the shower..water drops will act in the screen phone as your finger pressing icons. Very inconvenient.Taking pictures is ok if you open the camera under water and then snap...if you open the camera before when you get into the water it may change many feature in your camera cuz the water as the drops acts like your fingers.********I did try it in a pool, sumerging the phone slowly into water works and it takes great pictures. videos are as clear as taken in  normal condition, Problem is when splash of water or waves touch the screen and it zooms in too much or take you to home screen. But it works great under water.You can even call under water. Hear music and more.

The phone is really great, I like the screen and the audio performance, i have a hotmail account and I don't like that the phone isn't good with it, its compability is not the best with mail accounts other than gmail, my old blackberry phone worked better with my mail account... that is the only thing I dislike about this phone, despite this I think the phone is really great.

Sony Xperia Acro S LT26w Black Factory Unlocked International Version by New Generation Products LLC.,Excelente,no hubo ning&uacute;n problema,atentos,la entrega fue rapida, con la confianza como si lo comprara en una tienda f&iacute;sica.Gracias...

I love my new phone, it's brand new like it said, good quality and it came on time with no delays and always kept me on track with every location and whereabouts of my phone before it got to me... Thank you

Great phone, looks like it will last alot, its tough and very fast, screen is great and music is great also, my Galaxy S2 died cause I accidentally dropped a little of water over it so im confident that this will handle the water when the time comes for it to survive.

That's a really good phone.Like -&#62; 1. Good materials , 2. Great display 3. Great multimedia, 4. Good hardware ( for this price)Dislike -&#62; 1. NFC label on back end is little bit higher than the body (1-2 mm) , so it scratching in the pocket

I bought this phone because I didn't want an iphone or a Samsung phone. I have been using Sony phones for 4years now. So far it still hasn't disappointed me yet. It's easy to use and more than I expected.

I was longing to get one bcas its not yet available in my country.first the look is so elegant which goes with any kind of wardrobe you wear.next the dust and water resistant feature which made me buy this one i use it even in shower and rain.android 4.0 with dual core 1.5Ghz CPU is blazing away.overall the brand has proven again with their another useful product.

Well, it is not a bad phone at all. I mean, a 12MP, ice-cream sandwich, HD video resolution, and all the very many basic features of a smartphone. Having said all that, there are still issues with the phone. First, it has bad battery life if u are a frequent phone user, which I am- but an idle phone will last you a day and a half, or two days. Second, it isn't exactly scratch resistant, because I had a sharp metallic thing chip slightly the top and the one side of the phone when it fell from my hand to the ground once. I was lucky the chip wasnt too obvious, so I can still call it a new phone!I like the camera- however, I still use my instagram and Picasa for edits!!Overall, not bad- I can certainly live happily with it if I handle carefully, or buy an otter box or something!! Moreover, It is such a sleek and posh phone, It grabs eyeballs everywhere!!!! ;)

que telefonaso como siempre sony xperia con lo mejor en tlefonos de avanzada lo recopomiendo,inpermeable al 100% lo mejor de lo mejor

innovation, special features, design, quality of materials, software respuestadel speed, all programs that are already included are fabulous and many more things that make it perfect.

Great unlocked GSM/HSPA, water-resistant, Android phone. I use it with Straighttalk/AT&T; without issue. I have not tried Tmobile with it. I would expect it to work fine in areas where they have refarmed the HSPA to the 1900Mhz band, Decent battery life. The included dock is very convenient for charging.The stock Sony firmware is decent. I personally run an unoffical CyanogenMod 10.1 firmware; mostly bug free. The Xperia S/Acro S CM kernel is currently being developed by a few semi-dedicated developers. There are a few modded Sony firmware images available, along with a few others based off of CM. The XDA section is pretty active, but since Sony phones have such a large presence outside of the US, the forums for the Xperia line is flooded with people who don't speak English as their first language.Overall a good phone.

handsome phone, and its really water resistant.the photos are not so good, even the blitz is not so powerful.

es un buen celular soporta la carga de bater&iacute;a hasta en la noche prendido desde el d&iacute;a los recomiendo tiene mucha funciones y se pueden abril nuevos escritorio y baja mucha aplicaciones

great screen, faster, a damn good camera, and most of all i can get to play all of my favorite games on google play

Do not buy it from HassellFreeCell. They provide no customer support. Sent the phone back for repair--no repair is done but more scratches on the phone

Okay this phone is just amazing, It has the best screen available on any smart phone at the moment of writing this review as it has the highest pixel density, it can only be matched with the Xperia S, the water resistance work as promised, i just filled the bath tub and threw the phone the moment i unboxed it and it worked without a glitch, it's super fast and smooth i downloaded Asphalt 7 and Dead Trigger and they ran without a hiccup, the phone come with a pre-installed factory screen protector which is the same with all Xperia phones, if your screen get scratched don't panic because this is just the screen protector, Aot of people think that these are scratches on the actual screen, relax they are not, the phone screen is very tough and hard to scratch and i suspect it's made of dragontrail glass however i can't confirm, the Camera is amazing as it's the same exact Camera as the Xperia S, rooting the phone for those who do so went with ease same goes to unlocking the bootloader as it's not restricted on this international version, Now i also have to say that this vendor is amazing, most vendors remove the original supplied dock that comes with this phone and sell it separately however i got the phone with all the original accessories as promised, i really highly recommend this phone from this vendor, it's a high end superpowerful phone that is Play Station certified and got an amazing camera and sound output (Sony Walkman), that is rugged and water resistant, the best smartphone ever made in my opinion, perfection.

entrega en el tiempo estimado. buen servicioentrega en el tiempo estimadoentrega en el tiempo estimadoentrega en el tiempo estimado

I already had one Android and I must say this one is better than my previous experience. Pros: Fast, simple looking but elegant and durable are the features that best describe this phone. I really like the fact that water doesn't affect the item. Cons: the battery get low really fast, however this issue, besides common, can be solved if you get the extra chargers (car, etc.)

Sony acro s is Perfect phone. Also it s very fast. It is amazing. an excellent phone. I would recommend it to anyone

The phone is amazing, but after one week of use it just stop turning on. Nobody wanted to be responsable for the phone, not even Sony or the seller. Do NOT trust the company that sold me this phone. Sony told me that the company who sold me the phone had to give me a 1 year warranty for any problem, but they litterally told me &#34;we are not warranty providers, sorry&#34; and after that sony told me to go to the place (the country) where I purchase the phone, and guess what? They told me (through the IMEI) that this phone was first bought in the UNITED ARAB EMIRATES. New Generation  Products LLC is a NO-TRUST company, not recommended at all

I search many information every-time I buy something, so I knew almost everything about this phone, and it's simply wonderful

Although an advanced phone, this phone is more useful for people who are in business. its features are useful. like multi- tasking and many more. I recommend this phone for people in high business like accounting and many more.

Everything works perfectly,It gives me anything iphone does.I love the phone.I received the package exactly the date..The phone is durable..

Works well as expected. Only problem is the battery drains out too quickly. Would be great if newer models have a longer battery life. I've installed an app for the battery management, it works fine.

Hi! I recommend ...if  you really want it go to sony.com official site...it is cheaper there and of course original!!!

Not too many issues with it,The only things i didnt like about it were that:The Screen says scratch resistant,, but i have been using it a week and it has some little chips on it, it is difficult to see them but if you turn the screen off and put it against light you'll be able to see them, the screen also gets a bit dirty.The battery is too weak, i know that this kind of Android phones have these problems but it is so frustrating to have to charge the phone each 6 hours of regular use...The most important, it comes with a McAfee wich is a crap, if you buy this phone or any xperia and you see this app delete it ASAP!!! Yesterday my phones battery died and i had to charge it, when i turned it on back the phone got a white screen that said that the phone was locked, luckily i had the pass and i could fix it inmediatly, but i have seen people saying they had to flash, or reset the phone...  The actual virus here is this app!The other issue but not very important is that the phone comes in Chinese! I could fix it but damn i hate to see this chinese keyboard right there!Pros:Amazing screen quality!The desing looks great, everybody confuse it with a lumia! loolThe camera is just what they say it is! Amazing!The sound quality its ok!The phone is pretty smooth and fast!Track id saved me the money i was gonna expend on shazamWaterproof at all!Great phone and kicks Xperia S's ass!

E' un vero peccato che non sia in vendita anche in Italia.(In Italia sono in pochi ha possederlo)Bello, elegante, leggero e si tiene bene in mano.Resistente all'acqua e alla polvere IP57 ( non ho avuto il coraggio di immergerlo nell'acqua)-Ottime foto in macro e riperse video... qualche pecca nelle foto in luoghi chiusi poco illuminati.-Non ho ancora provato l' NFC (credo che sia molto comodo e che in futura avr&agrave; degli utilizzi rivoluzionari) ... nella confezione sono compresi anche 2 bottoni da associare.- Molto comoda anche la porta HDMI anche se non &egrave; compreso un cavo di collegamento.-App:  TrackID; ASTRO; WhatsApp; Office Suite; Latitude; Foursquare; Media Remote; Wisepilot for Xperia; Recommender; neoReader; LiveWareManager

Quality is perfect. I think it is on the most complete products of Sony available right now in the market.

This cell phone is very complete and powerfull, however in ocations a have some issues with the video recording, sometimes while i'm recording the recording stops... Another thing, the box was delivered without the instructions manual, i had to download it from the internet....

This is by far the best phone I have ever owned. Sony quality all the way. Excellent camera, excellent music player. Unbeatable for the price

Good buy while waiting for the Xperia Z. Water proof, Android ICS upgradable to Android JB, standard SIM card, HDMI, Micro SD, 12MP
