
Excellent transaction. Item came exactly as described.  I am extremely pleased with the product. The device works properly and has no cosmetic flaws.

this actually worked out.  i bricked my phone by trying to replace the screen.  i straight up tore off the lcd screen.  this phone doesn't seem to have quirks.  i don't get reception out here in the boonies but neither did my old phone.  i don't regret this at all and of course these things can feel sketchy. good experience

Great product and was received fast!

I love this phones camera...it takes fantastic pics!  Most people will remark on this feature when I send them pictures, post them on FB, etc.  I would recommend this product.

Happy with my new phone, I got what was shown on the site. Only wish Verizon would not go back on my old rate plan that forced me to have to buy a new phone. Amazon & the retailer that sold this item were just great.

Every thing works properly and is up to date. A few scratches but nothing a phone case can cover :)

This phone has two major problems:1- Camara doesnt work for ANYTHING, not even for the original &#34;camera&#34; application.2- The swype and typing features are garbage. The phone raNdomly capiTalizes wOrds when I type, its swype recognition is horrible, etc etc. But it can make calls and browse the internet fine.

Even though I returned it I still thought it was awesome everything was there but my lil bro wanted a different phone so I had to return it but the phone was still amazing

This is such a nice phone. Easy to learn how to use.lots of instructions that pop up while navigating through

is that you are never sure they will work. This one did not. We are waiting to hear if we will be able to get our money back.

Item arrived on time and in excellent condition, just as described. Had a partial charge and was ready to use. Came in a Samsung box, and had the manual and Samsung battery also included. Very happy with my purchase of the phone (and I love that its blue :) ) and with the seller (Battery Assault).

The phone was in great condition and is working out perfectly. The add literally was what I was looking for and exactly what I got

Great looking phone , my son loves it.  The only thing I would say is that the phone come with personal info , contacts , and lots of pictures. It should have been deleted. Other than that this phone is great.

I switched from an iPhone and I'm never going back. It's so customizable, the technology is much more advanced and easier than apple BS. Google play blows iTunes out of the water. It's retardedly faster at processing too. The flow between applications, gmail, your contacts etc just makes it so fun to use. I could lose days playing around on it. Battery life if great too.

Everything about this order met my standards shipped and received earlier than expected and was in near perfect condition. I got a case as well... don't think it was in the description

Great quality

I ordered and got the phone very quickly. I was very impressed as I got it a week before the expected delivery date. The phone came with extra battery, 2 cases and screen protector at no charge! I only wish that it was noted that the phone had large scratches and a few dents on the bottom of the trim since you cannot see that in the photo.

Love this phone the screen is huge. I sold my iphone 5 because the screen was to small. This is not a review to describe the iphone 5 as a bad phone. I think apple has great software. I think it literally depends on the person. It depends on what software you are looking for. Apple completely walks you through everything so it's not confusing and it's easy. Android lets you customize your phone and choose the way you want to arrange your phone. It all depends on what kind of phone you are looking for.

Phone arrived on time and was refurbished/like new.  No issues so far and it has worked perfectly both on Verizon and with compatible GSM sim cards (H20 Wireless is what I use, but it appears compatible with nearly all GSM sims).

Well I received the phone with no info in the mail then after a week of having it the camera started going in and out saying there were problems with the camera and not there appears to be bubbles forming underneath the middle of the phone in the front. But it served it's purpose as a phone and makes calls to and from so it's doing it's job.

This is the best smart phone I have owned, I love, love, love the phone! Fast and very easy to use.

I love this phone!! Best android phone I've ever bought!! Very responsive. Excellent battery life. I love all the unique samsung features, such as smart stay to keep the screen on when I'm reading!!!!

Awesome product. AAA+++This phone is everything everyone gas said, every day you learn something new.You are gonna love this phoneAwesome

I love this phone.  I've had a Motorola DROID, HTC, and now this Galaxy III and this is by far my favorite!  It is quite similar to my friend's Iphones. It's fast, light, and thin.  I love everything about it!!

This is the best phone ever!! Haven't found anything wrong with it yet ... nice screen and good service. i reccomend jt

So far I love eveything about my galaxy s 3. Its very sleek, fast, and very user friendly! Highly recommend.

It is great, fast delivery

Bought the phone went to verizon wireless took them about 5 minutes to activate ive been using it since . No kind of problems what so ever

The phone is fine - I'm just bummed that I lost my other phone and had to pay $280 to replace it - but that was 'my bad'.

multiple new SIM cards and many hrs on the phone with Verizon and the phone will not call or text

Just received my phone day. On the first day of suggested arrival.  I just had to slip out my sim card of my old phone and then add it to the new one and was on my way.  Already in love with the bigger screen but still slimmer phone.

As ordered/advertised and arrived earlier than expected.  Wife loves it. She dropped her old one and broke the screen and was impossible to find someone to fix it.

The phone works like a dream! I am very happy with the purchase. I would highly recommend this phone to others.

This was the worst shopping experience I've ever had on Amazon, and worst buying experience I can recall in recent memory. I bought a Blue Samsung Galaxy S III/S3 SCH i535 from Discount Electronics. This seller advertised this used phone was in "Very Good" condition. NOT TRUE! The charger Discount Electronics sent was incompatible. It wouldn't fit in the phone to charge it. The battery and back phone charger increased the phone's thickness, so much so a standard case I bought from Best Buy wouldn't fit it. This pre-owned phone was not in "Very Good" condition. It had more used, after-market, generic, and refurbished parts than Samsung parts. When I filed an A-Z claim for a refund, they sent me several rude emails through Amazon saying things like "What you did was harmful to my business and was completely unnecessary..." They tried to charge me a restocking fee. When I returned the phone via FedEx, they claimed I never sent it, therefore it was never delivered. FedEx investigated and confirmed it was delivered.  I spent way too much time on this, and I still don't have a phone. Thank goodness Amazon refunded my money. I recommend against anyone shopping with Discount Electronics. Their products are shabby and the customer service leaves much to be desired. This experience was a an absolute NIGHTMARE!

Was unable to have phone flashed and therefore did not use it--returned item two days later unused and was charged a hefty restocking fee.  investigate your options and compatibility up front or pay for your ignorance.

For anyone that is looking through all the Samsung Galaxy S3 phones ...just like I did. It can be scary to order a phone over Amazon, specially without pictures, contacting the seller, etc...I just want everyone to know that I ordered my phone on a Wednesday before 5pm, and I literally had it the next day. The phone was fully charged and had little to no "wear & tear" ...JUST LIKE THE SELLER IMPLICATED. The phone was shipped USPS and I had to sign for it, which I found great! Seeing as it was an expensive purchase I liked that the package didn't sit out in the rain or sit around for someone to take.Regardless...I got exactly what I expected.... FROM MY EXPERIENCE with this seller - I would totally recommend buying from them. Hope it helps! :)

Ordered this phone for my daughter and she is very happy with it.  It came very fast and she is very happy with the way it works.  Would order from them again!

Love how light this phone is, Take a little adjusting to slightly bigger size then avg. easily get used to it. With custom rom this thing is smooth and fast. And battery life is non issue. Stock rom battery will probably not last all day but so what you really shouldn't expect that from a large screen phone that does soo much.

The phone was just as described.  In excellent condition for a used phone and the best part is no new contract.  I purchased this as a gift for my daughter who broke her iphone 4.  I was not sure she would like it after having an iphone, but she loves it. I would highly recommend.

The Samsung Galaxy S III SCH1535 is a totally awesome phone that I purchased for my daughter. Additionally, the *NO CONTRACT* was a very important option for me!!

Well I wasn't happy with this order I received it on time but when my brother tried to activate the phone we was informed that Verizon don't do prepaid past 3g phones and it was a 4g so I had to return it and wasn't happy about that and now patiently waiting on my refund.

One of our users was less than cautious in using his phone (these are anything but durable) and, in the ensuing tumble, his phone's screen was completely unusable.  Our cellular carrier wanted $600 for a replacement phone, so this was far, far more reasonably priced;  however, $400 is still a chunk of change for a less than resilient and robust piece of equipment.

Love this phone...large screen (yet totally manageable and comfortable in hand)...fast processing speed...great camera...great functioning and user friendliness.  Battery drops seemingly quick when you're doing multiple tasks but I was also spoiled for the past year with my RAZR Mx and its beast of a battery.  Battery life isn't so bad that I would take a star though.  Great phone overall and of all I've had through the years...my favorite so far.

was courteous with return and refund of phone, had problems with actual device but was always wiling to help. I would recommend to others

The phone works well and was shipped to me immediately which was great. It was also in pretty good condition with minimal visible damage. The main issue I had was that the phone does not charge. I have to charge the battery in my old phone and swap, which isn't too bad but had I lost my phone the issue would have been much worse. Overall, I would recommend the seller. I have a feeling this went unnoticed as I don't think the phones are turned on very often after the initial review before being posted for sale.

Great phone, no cracks, perfect screen no leftover data as in some reviews. Worked on Verizon network right away without any issues. Might as well have been a new phone. No tracking for phone or any info whatsoever was a little scary especially for an expensive item like this. It came in 3 bubble envelopes and that was placed inside a hard USPS envelope. Very well packaged would buy again.

Works great, nice big screen, operates efficiently, can't complain. Much better than my old Droid Razr and the blue color is nice too.

Upon contact they said it was a mistake and never happens, but regardless the device came to me without ever being wiped and had someone else's lock code on it as well as all of their pictures and personal information. I returned it and bought from a different seller.It is worth mentioning that the seller was very courteous and for the most part prompt in dealing with the issue and that is why I gave this a 2 instead of a 1.

Switched from the iPhone and what a difference! Everything about this phone is beautiful.  You will not be disappointed in buying this product.

I received the phone on time and it looks like new. I had my sim card and memory card. I started to use the phone immediately after charging it.

I love the phone, but  when I receive the phone the charger didnt work. Luckily I had an extra usb cord around.

It came fairly timely, works great and the cutover time with the carrier was really quick.  The only negative is that they failed to inform me that it did not come with e SIM card.

I order this product on Friday and received it by the Sunday before Christmas eve. Just what I wanted.. I am one hundred percent satisfied!

This phone is perfect it came in good condition. I recently had the iPhone 4 so the samsung galaxy was definitely an upgrade for me.  I love the size of the screen no too big or small.  I would definitely recommend this phone to anyone.  This phone also shipped very fast however I had it expedited.

The phone was received in an ample amount of time and the product looked better than described.  My son loves this phone. No sim card was with it though.

Voice quality is questionable in comparison to new versions. Haven't been able to send back for exchange or to be checked due to user working out of town jobs and cannot swap to another device yet. Everything else is in excellent condition for a used phone.

I'm so happy to have a phone again and this one had little  to no scratches on it. Very happy with it overall

I upgraded from a Motorola Droid3 that gave me nothing but problems, this phone is 1000% better!  It's not fair to compare that phone to this one, as they are not in the same league.  My wife has a Motorola RAZR which is roughly the same, but I would rate the GS3 higher.All the operations are crisp & quick.The display is better than I expected, and I was expecting a lot.It's a great phone, I cannot see how anyone would be disappointed by it.

The Galaxy S III is a nice upgrade from the Droid Incredible I had. Wanted to keep my current contract, so it was reasonable to pay the sale price I found on Amazon. 4G is the only way to go...

The phone is and was before, everything I expected from the S3. S4 is out next month. Hopefully it will be as good as the S3.

I needed a quick replacement phone and didn't want to be bothered with a contract. This arrived as described. Took it to the Verizon store to get activated with my old phone number. NO problems.

This phone all around sucks, ive only had it for about 2 and a half days and it will not come on for nothing. its just sitting on the start up screen for $300 plus dollars i do expect it to work. i hate this damn phone and expect to get a hold of whoever the dealer is and give them a piece of my mind about selling this crappy phone! Now my last phone was used but ive never had this problem with any Verizon phone where it just stays on the start up screen, i am very upset at this phone for the simple fact that i really did like the phone until it decided to try this bullcrap now i have to go into verizon on my own time and fix your bullcrap, if it doesnt work properly i will expect a full refund. DO NOT PURCHASE FOR THIS DEALER ALL THEY DO IS SELL THESE CRAPPY PHONES AND GIVE YOU FALSE HOPE!!!!!!!!!!

Sooo much better than paying full price through Verizon. Thanks! Love the  Samsung Galaxy S III SCH1535 too. Now I need a case.

I thought I was getting white like the picture showed but got a black one.  I do love the phone though and glad I got it.

Bought this phone so I could keep my unlimited data on Verizon. Large beautiful screen, fast snappy response, fast boot-up, and decent camera. Overall the best phone I have owned.

Mobile Image was helpful in making sure I was satisfied with my purchase. I found them to be reliable and will do business with them again when the need arises. It was a pleasant experience.

I love my phone!!! Everything went well from the start of the transaction to now! My phone came in good timing, the phone works good; the only thing is sometimes the back button doesn't want to work but its not a big deal!

the product description said that &#34;it may has a few comsetic scratches.&#34; However, when it arrived the camera lens was all cracked up.  Not exactly a cosmetic issue.

i am so excited that i have finally found the right smart phone for every thing i need and i have tried several!

Phone was not blue, but was in great shape - had to take it to Verizon store for SIM, but works just fine - 4G - happy customer.

writing of Caracas and Venezuela have a question wanted saver if the input is in the loaded state perfcto like its camera software works well on touch screen and if this unlocked

The phone arrived few days after I put in the order and it looks just like new. Happy that I am able to keep my old plan.

The phones came with data on them. The seller did not do a factory reset on the phones. Not good.

So I ordered the phone, but it did not come with anything else. Just the phone. It did not say anything anywhere on the page that it was just the phone unit. The phone was in almost mint condition, so I am not to mad.

Within four days of having the phone, I visited a retail store three times for malfunctions (involving text messages and service). Verizon is one of the best networks, but this phone in particular could not keep a signal in normal places service is usually provided. Leaving me without signal for hours at a time. Lastly, on the fourth day of possession, this phone erased my ENTIRE memory card that I've had for three years without an explanation of how or why. Within four days I activated a phone, used technical support three times, and lost every picture of graduations, births, vacations, and my proposal that I'll never see again. Thankfully Verizon plans to take care of this situation!
