
Not bad if you want to use this only as a phone to call, text and access internet via wi-fi.  I like the 3.5&#34; screen size which makes it easy to carry in a pocket.  I would like this phone if it had some internal memory.  But if you plan on adding more than two or three apps, forget it and move on to a phone that has some internal storage capacity.  This phone has only about 160 MB of useable internal storage, which is just about enough to accommodate all of the Google bloatware installed on this phone.  This junk cannot be deleted or even moved to the micro sd card, so what good is this as a smart phone?  What were they thinking?  I've given this a few weeks of playing around with it, but after my visit to the ATT store yesterday and found out that it is not possible to free up enough memory to make it useful, I plan to return it to Amazon and purchase something with some memory.

If you buy this phone make sure you get a memory card, if not you will not able to put any apps on your phone.If a you want to use this phone for is talking then you will be okay, but for any thing else you will need to charge it alot.

I needed a Android smartphone for my trip to Europe. I chose this phone because: it was pretty affordable and the company was near (NYC).When the package arrived I was extremely happy that the phone turned out to be pretty small. The screen and the layout of the keys is just perfect. I have to admit I like the phone much more than my Bionic when it comes to size and ergonomics.The overall quality is at least satisfactory if not good. The LCD performs pretty well in the sun. The screen is responsive. The speaker is pretty loud although a little on a muted side (the Bionic has much more trebled sounds). The talk quality is good.The only drawback is the battery life (fully charged in the morning, discharged by 11pm after like 30 mins. talktime, few txt msgs., some browsing the web over the 3G as well as GPRS and EDGE). But - you can live with it if you do not use the handset too much. Good phone. "B" from me.

First smartphone - provides all essential smartphone features plus WiFi for free internet use, GSM for international travel, micro SD expandable card, mature OS (2.3.4), unblocked (I use AT&T; prepaid and my wife uses T-Mobile prepaid) so unblocked provides flexibility to transfer SIM cards depending on minutes remaining.  I have pushed the phone pretty hard over the last few weeks - downloading about 15 apps  and numerous calendar entries.  I opened .pdf files, several mp3 files, played with the 5MP camera (very nice) and even forced myself to write and send several emails. The ability to access free web usage is particularly nice even on a 3.5 inch screen. I have tested at home, in two different libraries, at Starbuck's and Peet's, always a fast auto detect signal and I am on - with no data plan costs (an early download was the free AVG AntiVirus app - essential for any mobile OS nowadays).Only annoyance is that I wish the power off start-up cycle were faster (30 seconds before 3G signal lock).  This is slower than my previous Razor feature flip phone, but the ZTE is doing more work than the Razor too, so I can live with this given the great price $79.95 and no contract.

If you are looking for a unlocked AT&T smartphone I would recommend this phone for the features and the price.  The price is better then buying one from the carrier.

buena calidad aunque no he podido conectarme a traves de  datos wap ,, solamente con wi fi debere revisar configuracion

I bought this phone for my 13 yr old son as an expensive smartphone option. He likes it a lot.

Item is as described.  Was delivered in a timely manner.  Was as appeared on picture.  It was just a bit smaller than I like, but it works well.

I purchased this cell phone from Tablet Distributors through Amazon and it was one of the biggest mistakes I've made because Tablet Distributors sent me a cell phone that failed within one month of receiving it.  One day, when turning it on, I got an &#34;FTM symbol on the screen and, no matter what I did (turn it on and off, take the battery out, etc.), the screen continued to flash the FTM message.  I sent Tablet Distributors several messages for help, and they responded that they would, but they never did and now I have an expensive &#34;brick&#34; on my hands.  Whatever you do, don't buy from Tablet Distributors because they WILL NOT help resolve a product problem.

So one of them... was reset and reset, they didnt revised the product when sent to me, I had to pay for fix it myself, they like a very cheap android cell phones. Ha ha they are not smartphones.

Decent memory compared to similar low-budget options.  Like the physical, instead of virtual, controls.  Excellent camera spec unmatched by competition.  Delivered promptly by an excellent seller.  This is someone you want to buy from!

Nothing but problems.  It constantly says the android app is closing down without doing anything to make it do so..  I have tried it all and have decided this is by far the worst purchase I've ever made.

This phone has never worked right. It is unlocked; however it works on AT&T only. It does not recognize the SD Disk. It now just stops working; saying app. has stopped working unexpectedly and shuts down. I cannot do anything with it because it says it does not have enough memory. Do not waste your money on this phone...

I HAVE HAD THIS PHONE FOR A YEAR NOW AND I MUST SAY YOU CAN TRANSFORM THIS PHONE INTO A PRETTY MEAN PHONE IF YOU TRY. USE NQ BOOSTER APP FOR THE BATTERY IT WILL GIVE YOUR PHONE TWO DAYS WORTH OF BATTERY W MODERATE USE, AND PLEASE SWITCH TO NET10 TO GET UNLIMITED EVERYTHING. ATT'S GOPHONE PLANS ARE WORTHLESS. I WAS PAYING 65.00 A MONTH FOR UNLIMITED TALK AND TEXT AND ONE GIG OF INTERNET. WITH NET10 YOU YOU GET ALL THAT AND UNLIMITED DATA FOR 50.00...WHY WOULD YOU PAY THE EXTRA 15.00? USE A TORRENT DOWNLOADER GET FOXFI APP AND USE YOUR HOTSPOT AS MUCH AS YOU WANT DONT LET ATT TELL YOU THAT YOU NEED A SERVICE PLAN FOR HOTSPOTTING. I USE THIS PHONE FOR EVERYTHING. IT DOES RUN ANDROID 2.3.3 GINGERBREAD SMOOTHLY. I WOULD ADVISE GETTING AT LEAST A FOUR GIG SD CARD FOR STORAGE AND THE ANDROID ASSISTANT APP FROM THE PLAY STORE.THEN WHEN YOU DOW3NLOAD APPS THE ASST. WILL MOVE THE APPS TO SD CARD INSTEAD OF THE INTERNAL MEMORY. OVERALL I WOULD GIVE THIS PHONE AN 8 OUT OF 10...OHH YEA BY THE WAY IF YOU DO GO TO NET10 YOU MUST DOWNLOAD THE APN BACKUP APP FROM THE PLAY STORE CAUSE ATT LOCKS ITS INTERNET SETTINGS IN THE PHONE. FIRST SAVE THE CONTENT TO THE APP THEN ERASE THE CURRENT SETTINGS AND THEN HIT RESTORE FROM BACKUP AND BAM!!! YOU CAN CHANGE YOUR DATA SETTINGS FOR THE NET10 SIM..SEE YA

My first smartphone, bought because I wanted an alternative to buying data (I just didnt see the point since I'm always near a signal).I HATE THIS PHONE.It comes with so much bloatware I easily hit my storage limit because of constant updates on all the apps I DIDN'T put on there. I think this is my #1 complaint about it. I tried to root it, which apparently with this model, is extremely difficult to do.  The charger loosely fits on the phone, and after about a 1.5yrs, I have to position it JUST so to get it to charge and the buttons now don't work as easily. People's voices don't sound clear in phone calls.

My daughter loves her new phone, she has had a few. She says this one is perfect. It was shipped on time also.

I love the phone. It was a replacement for the exact phone.I will do business with this company again !

Have two phones for the family. Its a good phone for normal use. Battery and voice are good and signal reception is ok.

buy this phone and the description was saying was coming unlocked for any carrier and it came locked was no contract at% t.I had to pay for that could be unlocked

I have not tested on other than AT&T.;  But, as a basic smartphone, it works.  Battery life, however, something to be desired. Turing off GPS, Bluetooth, WiFi help, but basic DUMB phone can outlast hands down.Google Play store applications work most of times.

solid phone nice layout easy to use and understand for first time smartphone users.nice camera. did the job, little bigger then i want but thats fine.

Becarefull,  This phone is identical to my old straight talk phone. Have had tons of problems with it. Straight Talk will not let me do any picture messaging, Because it is a AT&T phone. It also constantly switches over to the wrong network in the settings. Definitely not what I expected

this is a good phone for anybody that is looking to get into the smartphone world. It is running on Android gingerbread I believe, and is good for basic uses such as apps or facebook. the web surfing is admittedly slow, but it still works if you really need it to. navigating on the device is, while it can be confusing to someone who has never touched android, very fast and responsive. it holds a charge, and with light use (occasional calls and average texts as well as 4-5 hours of music and facebook surfing) it should last two if not three days. the phone charges fairly quickly. one con is that there is not a usb cable included with this phone, only the wall charger. luckily i have a previous samsung device which was compatible with this phone. the internal storage is very small, and you will most likely want to pick up a micro sd card for extra storage. this phone would even be good for someone that cannot afford an ipod touch. it has the same functionality, for half (if not more depending on which version) the cost. all in all, this is a good device for the price you pay. By the way, AT&T sells the exact same phone separately for $130. this is much cheaper :D

The AT&T; ZTE Avail Z990 Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.3 OS, 5MP Camera... ZTEwas a well received birthday gift. It has all the features found in very expensive android phones.

As soon as I installed the Facebook App, the internal memory storage was almost completely full. I had to buy a micro SD card and move all my Apps onto the SD card.A couple days later, after my phones battery died and I recharged it, it would shut down and restart by itself and give me a system error message. Luckily, I managed to do a factory reset and it works fine now.It does not work with my wifi at home, my Samsung did.All apps will run slower than usual.Camera is terrible.Basically this phone should only be expected to perform basic functions like calls, texts, checking facebook and using things like the calculator and alarm.

This phone is a great basic smartphone. It's unlocked so it can be used with either AT&T or TMobile or when travelling to other countries. I love this phone - and it's probably the cheapest unlocked smartphone that can be purchased under $80. The camera also takes good photos.

This is a very reasonably priced UNLOCKED Android cell phone.  My wife has a ZTE Z990 that we purchased from AT&T; for use with their GoPhone service.  We have owned the phone for over a year and we contacted AT&T; to ask them to unlock it.  They would not.  I also contacted several online services to find out about unlocking it and none of them could.So instead of trying to unlock her phone, I bought this phone through Amazon, unlocked.  It was $89, when I bought it and the price is even lower now.  We have used it on a trip to Jamaica with a SIM card from LIME and it worked perfectly.  I also used it as &#34;cellular modem&#34; with my computer using PDANet from June Fabrics and it worked great.  The required USB driver is installed on the phone, just plug in the USB cable.Yes, the phone has an older version of Android, version 2.3 but it is perfectly functional. It also only supports 3G.  It does have limited memory, but I bought it to use as a phone and cellular modem and for minimal web browsing, not to download applications.  The screen is small but bright.  I did not have any the problems with short battery life that others have complained about.I highly recommend this phone for others who are traveling out of the country and are looking for a high quality, inexpensive, unlocked smart phone.

I ignored the previous reviews, and boy do I wish I hadn't. If you want a phone that you can use, then DON'T buy this! The phone constantly is telling me that the internal memory is full, despite not even using it and having no applications downloaded. I had to purchase a large SD card just to receive texts, but for some reason I still get the internal memory full message. The phone constantly freezes in which results in having to force close a webpage or turn the phone off to get it to un-freeze. I can't wait until my contract is up so I can buy a phone that actually works. What a waste of money!!!

I would not recommend this phone due to its low storage space, Can hardly load 10 good apps on it. The battery life is very bad and the phone freeze quite often. when the screen goes to sleep it is difficult to reactivate it, at times you have to turn it off and back on. I really regret buying this phone. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY TO BUY THIS PHONE.

I bought this phone a year ago and up to this point it has been a great phone. Tho the battery life has always been less than stellar. Suprisingly durable as I dropped it on the concrete once and watched is slide under my car. Amazed it only got a small scratch. The only real problem I have with it right is the charging port does not connect well any more. Tho thru no fault of the phone it has been whipped off the table far more than once  by the cord getting caght. I would reccomend this phone. Best $100 I spent on a phone so far.

It is an excellent phone, camera and good sensitivity, fast display, and an excellent price.  I tried it with the operators of Venezuela and works perfectly

This is a verygood midrange phone for the $. Nice GSM AT&T; service that I use it on net10 with no contract. Android 2.3.5 still has a current feel about it. The 600mhz cpu runs along just fine 99% of the time. Decent overall  quality and feel. 3.5" screen is responsive and clear. External Speaker is very loud and also clear. Photos come out OK. Not great but worthy of Facebook or sending in emails/texts.The not so great.LOW INTERNAL MEMORY. After just a few apps DL, low memory errors. and to top it off most apps are locked to phone. The fix is remove the apps you can live without!.Onscreen keyboard is iffy, I ditched the factory  one for jellybean one (play store)Its not a dual core 4g device. Don't expect a true laptop replacement.Keep the apps simple, use light web, Weather, Pandora, Facebook like apps, Text and make phonecalls this phone shines.try to play the newest games, multitask, record 1080 videos this phone will not work.Overall I would recommend this phone to a friend. Just not one that wants the latest and greatest.

excelente producto para el precio, funciona perfectamente en mi pa&iacute;s, no he tenido ningun problema, fue entregado el el tiempo estipulado.

IS NOT THE SAME AS THIS PHOTO, BUT MEETS WITH EXPECTATIONS. GOOD PRODUCT.

This is the first smart phone I've owned, and I love what I can do with it. The touch screen is responsive, the phone is pretty quick and easy to learn to use, and the battery life seems very reasonable. My one complaint about this phone is the internal memory, and the amount of bloatware that comes with the phone. By this, I mean games you'll never play, and apps you'll never use that you CANNOT remove. They hog all of the internal memory, and you can't move them to your SD card. I have installed a few apps onto my ZTE avail, and moved as much over to my SD card as possible...but I still have a huge list of updates on all the standard apps that needs doing that I cannot do because my phone is out of internal memory. It wouldn't be such a problem if the phone didn't start running slowly when you start using most of the internal memory. I have the suspicion that with the pre-installed bloatware apps, if they were all to update, it would eat up most (if not all) of the phone's memory. With any extra apps you're doomed. Doooooomed. I'm having to entertain the notion of getting my tech savvy husband to root the phone so I can delete uno and google docs, and all the other crappy apps I will never use.Also, as a minor complaint, I was getting a lot of launcher crashes that was making my phone unresponsive in the first few days. I tried several different launchers from the android market, but eventually found the cause to be a widget I had installed for either weather or time. Since I removed those two, not a single problem. If you start having crashes, ditch the widgets.

I downloaded 4 applications, thats it, no more space. Only 4 programs will move to SD card. Constant message of low memory.  I am unable to uninstall any app that came with phone.  Docs to go takes up 12. Megs and I will never use it, yetI can not delete it. Don't buy this phone, I wish I had not.

I like the size and some of the features but I am not happy with the sound.  I am not able to hear the sound when I get a text messages. Would not recommend if you want a phone that's workable.

As the title says, caveat emptor!I just bought this phone from BLUTEKUSA (fulfilled by Amazon) and it comes in an unsealed box and the only thing that it comes with is the phone and a charger. There is no manual or SIM card included.I contacted BLUTEKUSA and their response stated that the phone doesn't come with a SIM card and I can download a manual from the Internet. This was NOT part of their product description on Amazon.I bought this exact same phone from Amazon (not one of their third-party sellers) about a year or so ago and it can in a sealed box with ALL accessories.

I bought these phones for my boys in place of getting them a wi fi enabled mp3.  The boys ages 14 and 15 both absolutely love the phones.  wi fi connected without any problems, and it automatically searches for wi fi when out and about.  Touchscreen is very reactive and they both said that texting is great.

The damn thing is in German language! Have to guess what to press as it's hard to navigate in a different language.

This is a good solid simple smartphone. It's our second one, I ordered another one for another family member because we like it.

I had this phone before so I know what this phone has, but I was annoyed that It could not recognizes my old att gophone sim card.  I had to go to a att store to get a new sim card because the old sim card only recognize my old ZTE Avail Gophone.

So I bought this phone as a replacement for my water-logged Samsung Focus, which I absolutely loved.  I was drawn to the Avail because it offers the android experience at a very affordable price, especially outside of a contract.  However, the low-grade hardware in the phone really limits the OS's ability to perform.  Most of the apps ran slow and there was constant struggles with internal memory vs. sd memory.  The basic features of the phone worked fine such as texting, email and calling, but if I wanted a basic phone I'd pick one up for $20 off amazon.  I think my disappointment stems from the fact that I had high expectations because of the android OS but neglected the fact that it was only $105 (at the time I bought it).  At that price of course they can't include top of the line hardware and the best android experience around.  So you get what you pay for.  The phone is solid and is a smartphone, but its not the best which I'm sure most of you already knew.

ZTE Z990 phoneAdvantage -1) The phone is very cheap and there is no monthly contract2) You can download lot of applicationsDisadvantage1) Battery drains out very fast. Very difficult to get service for the phone2) Phone is very slow. When I want to check text of 'A' person, I get text of 'B' person due to application errorsVivek TembeNew York

Product works ok.  But came with scratches and a cracked battery cover.  Dissapointed, because it looks like a used or display device when I thought I was purchasing new.

Bought this phone for my 10 year old daughter. Its great for kids and even adults. I couldn't text pictures, but we did set up a google account with it so we can send and receive pictures via email and they automatically upload to ur gallery. Great deal

just got done unlocking the same&#65279; phone went too many unlocking website and this the only thing that works is unlockclient.com

It works great in Mexico with TELCEL carrier. Although the OS is old, it is the best among its kind.

I was excited to buy this phone so that I could finally have a decent phone to go with my Pay-as-you-go plan at AT&T.  I didn't want to shell out lots of money for the outrageous prices of a smartphone.  I originally got an unlocked LG Thrive, which was also an AT&T &#34;go-phone&#34;, and simply plugged in my pay-as-you- go sim card (no data, I just use the wireless) and I was up and running.  I really liked it except for the miniscule internal memory and the fact that the SC card clip eventually broke.  I saw that the Avail had a better camera, a somewhat larger internal memory (twice as much as the Thrive, but still only half a &#34;gig&#34;!) and had a more secure SD card holder.  Unfortunately, the thing that I really did not like, was the display!  I was not clear at all, and looked almost cloudy right out of the box.  This was so much worse than my LG, I decided to send this back to Amazon and get a refund.

the instructions don't tell how to navigate the systems, had to have help from friends. i tend to slide by things. would rather have buttons.

Compared to may other smartphones, the size of this is just right. The only downfall I (had) with this phone is the memory size. But I researched for an easy fix to the memory which is "rooting" the phone. Now I am able to add or delete any system files and/or save them to a microSD card.Because of the provider I am using, I only get the Edge network (2g). Had this phone been equipped with the aws 1700/2100 band, then 3g would be perfect. I did expect more from the camera at 5mp, pictures have a slight haze to them, and the auto-focus takes a couple seconds.Overall, nice size and features. With Andriod as the OS, I can play all the games like on IOS.

I purchased this phone to replace my unreliable Samsung Galaxy Captivate from AT&T.;  After two years of having to remove the battery multiple times a day due to the phone freezing up, I was ready for something different.  I didn't want to spend a fortune on a phone, just wanted a reliable communication device.The ZTE Z990 is priced great and I'm amazed at the speed, from powering on to using the apps.  No more pulling the battery or freezing!The only drawback is the limited internal storage.  I just used the micro SD card I used on the old phone.It's not a high end phone but definitely the perfect phone for me!

This is a good phone. It's an older version of android. Good size and gets decent signal compared to our other phones out away from town. Can't really ask for anything more.

I purchased this phone about 2 months ago and the touch screen stopped working for no reason. Never buying another phone from this company again.

I bought this phone 4 months ago but has stopped working. It started with the charger failing to work, then the phone going on and off by itself and finally dead. Recommending this piece of crap to someone is the last thing i would think of in life. I am so disappointed.

Phone worked ok from Jan./13 -mid May14 than you could no longer complete calls. You could hear the person you placed the call to but they could not hear you. I tried to reset to factory setting but could not reset ordered different phone.

People have a hard time hearing me on it. makes me sound muffled. And it has moment of just weird behavior.Not worth the price I paid.

i bought this phone thinking this would be a good cheapish android phone. its a waste. keeps telling me that its running low on memory and keeps freezing

I bought this phone to use on a trip to Europe since my cell phone (Verizon) is incompatible with the European networks.  I bought a international prepaid SIM card from OneSimCard to install.  After many calls to customer support when I could not get the phone to work, it turns out that this phone was a Net10 prepaid phone that was somehow locked to TracPhone Wireless and I could not use any other service.  They could not tell me how to unlock this phone to get it to work with another carrier's sim card.  Either they shipped me the wrong one, or I missed the fine print somewhere.  Total waste of time.

The phone provides decent service. Operates fast enough and has a decent camera.  However I miss the use of a FM radio and the internal storage is to small which can be problematic if you are not savvy enough root and remove non-essential apps.But all in all it decent, especially for the $79.00 I paid at the time.

I bought this phone a month ago and find it worth the $104.00,I spent on it.It is NOT an I-Phone,yet it has more features,that one normally needs.Battery life is not bad,but just above average.I would urge anyone to keep it charged,as the phone is more sensitive to touch commands,when fully charged.

This is my first android cellphone. This thing is just perfect for me and it works, it has one fault the battery has no life if you have all or some gadgets on. so turn the things that you are not using and the life should be fine. make sure you get sdcard mini 8gb or more, extra battery and a cover case for it. I just love this nice sized phone.Amazon is the best, and great time on the deliver.(BATTERY LIFE MAKES IT A FOUR STAR ITEM).

Firts  this  phone  has a lot limities because the alarm has only one, the batery come down very fast only have pawer for a day, doesn't have flash.....I really dont like this phoen... :(

Ordered for my daughter after she accidentally destroyed her other Avail.  It would work occasionally, but usually came up and said &#34;no sim card&#34;.

phone is great for the price...I have a pay as you go plan and is cheaper than contract options)$50/mth unlimited text and min. and I use the wifi option for internet...does what I need.

This phone is terrible also at the time it was sold to me the seller knew this item was discontinued.  Also a problem with the memory always showing being low in memory when I looked up on the web after I had the phone for a few weeks there were plenty of articles about the memory problem. I also don't like you can't contact the seller

The phone works great BUT I can't receive or send picture text messages! I also can't receive mass/media media text messages. I changed the APN and even used an APN manager app to try and correct this problem. I am able to use wifi and 3G for internet connection and was told that once that was corrected then the picture messages would work as well, but this is not the case!! Very annoying!!!!!!

I needed a new phone and wanted to upgrade.  This phone exceeded my expectations and works very well.  It is a good phone.

As a phone, this item works. But it is limited by is small memory, which severely limits the number of apps you can download. Even if you move all possible apps to your micro sd card. (Yes, you will need one if you want to take pictures or listen to music.)  Also, the battery life really is limited. You will have to plug this in every night without fail.As a basic smart phone, this functions, but I find the buttons poorly placed, and hard to use. Alxo, it is apparent that the merest exposure to water (a rainy day forgotten in you pocket) will likely kill this one. Newer phones are not so sensitive. The camera quality is also very poor.Still, this is unlocked. If you travel abroad, this will save you a lot of hassle in buying and using local sim cards.

As mentioned above, the phone was lost the first week we were in Haiti with no insurance.  Size, colour, and feel were great

This phone came preloaded with too many junk apps that can't be removed and the response time for the browser to load anything is terrible.  The graphics are not good so playing games is not much fun.  Music apps such as Pandora did not work very well for me.  Battery life was an issue.  My battery would discharge within an hour, even if I only had the phone turned on and was not using it.  My camera stopped working after about a month.  I have a Kindle Fire HD which I love that I use for everything except making phone calls and have a digital camera so after using this phone for a while and hating it I went back to a 3G Trac Phone with no Wi-Fi access.  All I ever needed was something basic but thought I needed to jump on the Smart Phone bandwagon.  For anyone who uses their phone a lot to text, play games, surf the web or anything else, I would suggest avoiding this phone and spending more on an I-Phone or something similar.  With this phone, you really do get what you pay for, which isn't much.

I PURCHASED THIS FOR MY 15 YR OLD DAUGHTER....IT HAS NOT WORKED PROPERLY SINCE. ERASES CONTACTS, DROPS CALLS, FAILS TO SEND AND AT TIMES RECEIVE TEXT MESSAGES. I WILL BE GIVING IT AWAY ASAP.SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!

Love this phone. Works better than I expected:)

Nice small pocket phone for working outdoors all day.  Bought this to replace a larger Android device that went to pieces in just a few months.  CONS: barely enough internal memory for even the most basic system apps.  Minor software updates requires you to move all non-system apps to a SIM card.
