
I am going to keep this phone and use it for awhile.  I think it will work well for me, I just wasn't prepared to receive a phone that was not a US model.  Samsung helped me to reset the language to English (fun when you can't read the menus) and I was advised that the warranty will not be valid in the US because this is not a US phone.  Seems like that should me mentioned somewhere in the advertising.UPDATE Once I got the language issue sorted out I have to say I really like this phone.  It is not a high end smart phone but it does everything I want it to do and is not huge like the typical smart phones. So overall I do really like it.

great phone....only negative is the resolution sucks...if you want a high quality resolution this is not the phone to get. other than that, very bright display. i love the phone, it does most things that the galaxy s series does..gps, wifi, gchat, plenty of apps. if you are looking for an affordable smart phone and you are one of those people who doesn't care for a big phone then i would recommend this. also if you have big hands this phone is too small for you.  great investment especially if you dont want a contract phone

Interesitng inexpensive option, to have Skype, Mail, Viber and Whatsapp with only around US100 dollars. For a low tech user.

It's not a high class super phone, but it has all the basics, it's small (which I prefer, I dont like big phones), and functions very well.

Good afternoon to communicate that way since the day 10/05/2013. There delayed release MAIQUETIA customs. For such reason I can not make any qualification.regards

I was looking for a basic smartphone  that I can use to run some basic apps like Skype, Wattsap, Facebook, etc. but it takes too much time to run FB and WS and it can not even run Skype. Is good for a kid.

I bought this as a gift for a relative and she loves it. She's 15 and is always using it so I have to give it 5 stars. Her friends have iphones, they like this better from what they tell me

Excellent item..Very small...Easy to use & navigates well through the applications...internet access is good..very smooth switching through the different screens..the price is great.

This was bought as a Christmas gift for my friend who desperately needed a phone. If the screen size was larger, I think he would have loved it even more because he plays many games on it.

I was looking for an inexpensive, reliable unlocked gsm Android phone, and it is what it is.  I never knew how difficult it is to find affordable unlocked phones in the US without being tethered to a major communications carrier.  Nevertheless, I can make phone calls, send/receive e-mails and txt msgs, which serves my bottom-line needs.  My 14 yo daughter wouldn't care for this phone at all because the web access would be too slow for her.Pros: the Swype txt input is pretty is responsive and works well.  Despite the small screen, the text is very readable. The battery holds for about 1.5 -2 days, and it re-charges very quickly, it only requires 2.5 hours or so. The phone is small, thin  and light, but a solid piece of equipment.Cons: When on a phone call, you must tap the screen twice before you can access the 'Hang-up' button.  There is no alert signal for txt msgs, but the phone 'whistles' for when e-mails come in, I'd prefer it the other way around.  I don't care for the camera, it does not allow for exposure control.There are  pre-loaded apps which I cannot  delete.

Well this was my first time buying a Samsung phone, initially I bought the Phone for my sister for Cheistmas and so far she has no complaints.

This cell phone is excelent, it`s fast, can play some basics games, a great android cell phone for not hard users,

This is an okay phone if, first you understand, it's an "international" phone ... so .... it'll arrive with a non-English language setting. You'll need to make the switch yourself , and if your seller didn't include a heads-up and/or a user manual like my feckless seller did not, then you'll need to search on-line for one. Good luck.I call this phone "semi-smart" because it does almost everything you'll need a smart phone to do but slower, with less screen resolution and a bit more hassle.That being said, a "semi-smart" phone is all that I need at this time. If you need more maybe you ought to buy something else.The quirks others have noted are real: a ridiculous need to tap the screen twice to hear a call AFTER you've already dialed it, and you'll even need to tap twice to end the call (unless you set the phone up so that you end calls with the power button).And the camera is almost impossible to use gracefully as the "snap the picture" button is on the touch screen and not on the body of the phone. Also, it's a little difficult training yourself to hold the phone without inadvertently touching the sound toggle or the power button. That's partly due to the phone's diminutive size and partly due to just plain bad design.Overall, if you have LOTS of patience ... and like me, you think the damn thing is REALLY cute ...... you'll learn to live with the quirks.But I gotta say .... Apple has much less to fear from Samsung than some people believe.

Great phone for the price. wanted another one but went up in price. Will wait or look for a similar one.

Purchased for international travel. Would call OK. Capricious when receiving calls. Sometimes it would ring and sometimes it would not. Replaced by IPhone, which worked reliably 100% of time.

I really like this phone. I like the way that it is set up, it gets better service than most phones I have had, and it has great features, and so far I have had no problems with memory.  I don't use a lot of apps. I just have Twitter and Facebook right now, but I will probably download a few more as time goes on, but for now no lack of memory. I had no issues getting it to work with my Tmobile sim card or my micro sd memory card, and it can hook up to wifi so I don't have to waste data if I am at home or somewhere else with wifi.  I like small phones, so this is perfect for me. I have dropped it a few times, and I have not had any problems, so it is fairly sturdy as well.

the only bad thing about the cellphone is that they don't say what is the Ram, is a little small, 256, but in generally is a good phone. It arrived in perfect condition.

I brought this phone unlocked to use in Trinidad and Tobago and it worked great. It's very small, like no bigger than your hand and the keypad is a little hard to type with because of its size but overall it's a great phone.

I purchased this phone for while I was in Australia 2013. It was unlocked as described by seller. I was able to use a prepaid sim card (Amasym - Australia), then I also used a prepaid card from T Mobile while in Hawaii going to and coming back from Australia.I am currently still using it with a contracted T Mobile Sim card.. I believe you can't purchase the pocket in the US through a retailer here but I've only seen it through Amazon. ( thinks it a European/Asian thing availability)Pro:This is a good little smart phone for a beginner or for an elderly person, who is wanting to get used to a smart phone.The cost was a great deal.You can add a external sd card, which is great for additional ringtones and music.Con:However just one small thing, when you call some one, the screen goes into a auto lock. You have to double click on it if you want to use the loud speaker side of it, this can be a little frustrating.There is limited ring options.

Phone is ok, however the size could be a little bigger! Otherwise a fairly good phone! WE are pleased with it!

It does not have good signal for the incoming calls. Also it will disconnect automatically. Everything else is working fine.

This is a very good phone I bought for my sister and it was really tiny and cute to look at. It had good memory to fit all my songs and I always liked android OS, it has apps for everything possibly on earth. Samsung's touch screen and wifi connectivity are amazing.

I bought this for my stepdaughter and she loves her phone. Most apps can be downloaded. Recommended purchase for a teen or an adult who doesn't want a bulky phone!

Its a cute small fat phone that my sister really likes! You can get all of her favorite apps except for subway surfers but it's awesome to her, it's like her life.

Phone is a amazing and I can do the same with this I'm sure as those other expensive android phones. Quality pic, sound really good. I will definitely recommend.

About me:First off, I should be studying for a test, but when I get frustrated, I usually take this time to write Amazon reviews (weird eh?).I'm 21, raised in 21st Century technology (though technology be damned!), so I'd say I were technological capable, no?First thoughts:So about the Phone; when people say &#34;it fits in your pocket&#34;, THEY MEAN IT LITERALLY FITS IN YOUR FLIPPING POCKET. And there will still be room for a couple gerbil babies (not that I've tried).Phone:The phone is about an inch bigger in length, than a business card and about an 1/8 of an inch wider. Like most phones Samsung phones, the screen takes up most of  phone, but said screen is about the length of my pinky (about 3 inches). My hands are fairly small, and are able to just about wrap about this phone. It's very light, and &#34;cute&#34; (b.c it's tiny). If you have big hands, this would make you feel as if you were a GIANT (that's the comparison between the phone AND YOUR HAND (font size differences)).It comes with all the features a Samsung phone would have, and the face plate buttons but the main one in the middle, are also &#34;touch&#34; sensitive.  There is a sleep/power button on the right side (when screen faces you) and a volume control on the left. So far, it plays all apps like that of a normal phone, everything adjusting to fit the screen perfectly. Clearing because the screen is small, internet view isn't &#34;funny fun fun!&#34;, but still VERY MUCH possible. It's like watching a YouTube video on your portable digital cameras, the compact sized ones.Performance:You have the option of turning this off, but it vibrates when you press buttons. For e.g., I described text-ing on it to my friend, as &#34;typing on a small angry power drill&#34;. It makes the noise too. Plays music just as loudly as any other phone (with or without headphones) OH, by the way, the heads are pretty cool, having been adapted into 3 shrinking bulb shapes to fit comfortably in and with little less chance of falling out of, than traditional non-ear-bud head phones, the ear. And the headphones have a mic, so no need to hold this biscuit in your hand while talking.ONE THING I DON'T LIKE, is that apps take 1 and a half times longer than other phones to download =[. If it's small or stays within KB (993 for example took about 2 and a half minutes, or a little less, where as in my last phone, that would have ended as soon as it started), it's about ~3 or Less! mins, but the bigger it gets *rolls eyes*, downloading a Zombie game took me well over 5 minutes and it was 10.47 MB! Also, like some other phones, and the Samsung tablets, sometimes when sending an email or searching online, the keyboard sits in an awkward places, that forces you to type &#34;blindly&#34;. It's frustrating fur shure!Also, the camera is not great, but it is good. And it doesn't make that unmute-able shutter noise. (Stalkers and obnoxious teenagers on trains would like this feature).What's in the box!:First off! When this was delivered to me along with 2 other things, I thought &#34;they didn't send it! =[ &#34;, because the box all 3 items came in was uber small.  But low and behold,It was in there! It was just so tiny! The BOX itself was about the size of a smaller sized Bar touch screen phone (like the motorola Flipside for example! It was the EXACT size of that phone, the box was). So imagine when I opened this box and found this little crumpet's blank screen and gleaming white face. I was flabbergasted! And it was so light! I compared it to the weight of 5 Oreo's stacked on my hand, and it felt just a little lighter in comparison.Beneath the phone and a separator, was the headphones (with mic and modified shape head phones for comfort fit), a USB cord for tethering to computers. And to my dismay, a EURO styled wall charger =[ ! Luckily, I DO have a U.S/non-Euro wall plug charger, so I've been using the USB cord to charge it. And the charger is simply the v2 micro USB, so a Blackberry charger for example would work. But I was disappointed that I wasn't TOLD it was a Euro charger. =[. Also. After you take the phone out of it's little wrapper, and hold down the power button for a few seconds, (it takes about 20 seconds to power on completely), the first screen I encountered was in Turkish I believe(?). You have to click on the right side button to get the option to change the language to English (UK OR US) if you speak English, Spanish I believe, and several others. And from there, it's like setting up a regular Android phone.IDK why, but when setting up my phones, they never let me go solely with the option of setting up my accounts using Cellular networks, always Wifi, this phone was no different.All in all, Akkachan (Japanese for Baby) is a cute little phone with the functionality of a &#34;regular&#34; sized one.Also, the Micro SD slot, is under the back cover. Takes up to 16 or 32 GB, I can't recall.Customize-able ringtones and wallpapers. Unlock codes etc.Took me 29 minutes to write all of this =/And then I'll despair when my exam grade is low TT-TT.Pabo!Came l8r than I'd've liked however. Came the last day in the delivery time period.

Thailand runs GSM network and this phone was perfect for the job. Got off the plane in Bangkok,, got a FREE simCard. Drop by any of the many locations (like 7-11) and pay in advance for phone time. The phone was incredible. Clear as a bell when talking to places around the world.

it is too small and the instruction no english.Cant use it dont like it regret purchase.I cant even give it as a gift

easy to carry,It does everything a bigger version does.The plastic cover does not scratch easely and no need to buy a cover.very sensitive to touch compared to my samsung tablet 7..So far I haven't met anyone who has seen it before.

It has an elegant design, it's easy to use, it's very feminine. One thing that I have a problem with is the sound gallery, in all honesty the ringtones are all a little weird. The other one is the charger - the charger in itself seems ok, but I've had problems with the travel adapter which looks very cheap. It simply refuses to make proper contact. Fortunately, my Kindle charger works with the phone, so I solved the problem. And at least I know that when I go to Europe, I will have a charger for my phone and my Kindle:)Anyway, I recommend the phone. You won't get a better deal for this price.Update: 4/28/2013After using the phone for a week all I can say is that I love it. Besides the problem with the charger mentioned above, I love the apps and how they work on it, I love its flexibility, I love to take it everywhere with me, even when I don't take my purse. I like it so much more than my previous Iphone!

Cute phone, works perfect & no problems. Even though I didn't even know this phone exisited, it was a good buy.

A nice smartphone. It's ideal option for a first approach to smart phones. It's mini, but with all options and services from any other high-end phone

This phone is not for folks who cannot see the small screen very well. I sent the phone to another person and although it is a good phone for some, it just is too small for some.

I recently bought this phone to replace my teenagers outdated slide phone.  She has not had any complaints!I appreciate the quick delivery time, and ease of set up directions and packaging.

If anyone is interested let me know I have the box and all the parts.  It works perfectly, no scuffs or cracks.  My mom took care of it more than me! (kidding).  Gets the job done, does not drop calls, connects to wifi and gets 3G.  You can watch movies on it, play games from the Store like jetpack joyride,  Great for traveling or a temp phone.  I am selling it because I want to give my mom a bigger screen phone.

I give this phone a 4 because I purchased it for my 80 yo mom who has a bit of difficulty because she's not real technology savvy and that's likely not the fault of the phone. She attempts texting & the phone gives her a few fits but like I said before, likely not the phone. What little I have used the phone attempting to teach her, it seems simple enough for those familiar with or able to learn the Android OS; its small enough to fit in the palm of your hand plus a pocket or purse. The only glitch I found is the charger is an international charger but came with a US adapter which still did not make the charger work. After replacing that charger with one from a prior phone that would actually charge the phone, life was better. That's the best I can do on a review for an item I don't use myself but I still recommend the Samsung brand.

I love my new cell phone. It is compact, stylish and fully functional with my prepaid T-Mobile plan. If you are looking for an inexpensive phone, then look no further.

I have bought this phone before and it is good for what you pay.  Very affordable and works fine.  Came quickly and before time estimated.

IT's a Very nice phone.I enjoy using this phone every day it's handy I can't enough  it's a nice phone.

It's small and light.I like it. It's good for girls and it is worth its price. Small screen but it's a nice phone.

Not a bad little phone for the money. Did not really care for some of the programs already on the phone but other then that loved it

Purchased this as a replacement phone on phone only network.  I liked this option as it had wireless network built in that allows me to connect to my air card and access Android apps, updates etc.  The add incorrectly labeled this as an Android OS version 2.3 but in reality is the updated version 4.0.4 which was a pleasant surprise.  Phone has performed as well as prior phone signal wise and provides much more functionality than previous phone-only phone.  I am pleased with the price to capability ratio of this phone.  I also like the smaller size that is easy to carry in pocket.  If carried loose in pocket recommend disabling single swipe unlock and changing to pattern lock as phone would unlock in my pocket otherwise.  Good purchase.

The smallest phone I could find at the time was pretty cool for a while, but the screen resolution (only 240x320) is not detailed enough to make the purchase worth it.

first of all I got the instruktion in Spanish , the phone only operates in 2 G and every so often it seems the phone is turning on again and is reading the inform. ? I was gonna ask the company about that . So please foreword that

I bought this phone for my husband and he likes it. He has no complaints, as well as, no frills. He just started exploring his apps. which he likes. Its a small phone, but he likes that. And loves the quality of Samsung. We have purchased 3 phones in the past couple months and have sent them all back...this one is a keeper!

I did really think when they said pocket that they really meant literally small pocket size, not happy with this purchase at all.......not even using phone.......great disappointment.

have all the basic functions that I would want from smart phone, Gmail, Google search at front page, GPS etc.

My son likes this phone.  it is small and he stores his music on the phone.  It is a nice phone for a person that likes nice looking things but not too into smart phones.  It does enough and is way worth the money.

hello.Buy one worked wonders The only negative is that it brought cd and manual. everything else is excellent recommend

Good for my wife, she only need wifi conection and android games, compact design... the only cons: the tiny screen.

This is a very basic smart phone.  Not one to use if you've used better, such as an IPhone or Galaxy S3.  I wouldn't even recommend this for a teenager, because they are normally more savvy than adults are.  The main complaint I have is that the Internet is very slow and the Mobile hotspot is pretty much non-existent due to the slow Internet connections.  I will be sending this back tomorrow!!!

Product turns itself off every 45-60 minutes and has to be rebooted. When answering a call you must double tap the screen every few seconds to have access to the numerical keypad. Serious problems with no known fixes. I have the latest firmware.

For my first smartphone, it isn't bad.  Works well, however it's not compatible with a lot of apps and I'm not sure why since Android 2.3 is it's OS.

The case fits my phone very good it and it is easy to put on and take off  it is also good protection

Got this for my 15 year old daughter.  She's very happy with it and her friends seem to like its size much better than their I-phones (even though it doesn't have 4G.)

This is again a very good product. Worth the price for the features it has and worked for me :

Like it  very  much... Although it has a much older version of android, it is awesome and does everything  I need it to do, which is make calls and text. I played with the wifi and its great though I do not use the wifi. Touch is very responsive. Nice nice nice. Fits in my palm and pocket easily...As of the time of this review, I have had this phone for 2 days... the only con is I cant get it to read my microSD card YET...

I dont like it, it is good phone, but my phone may be need be formated because hold pause some times, but in general lines is not bad, but prefer for girls, for the size, is very small.

Love it! Does all I need; easy to handle; small and compact; looks great in white and silver. Thank you, Samsung.

Not ever owning an android phone, this was a bit challenging because the language set was Italian and some of the predownloads are also in Italian. Price could have been better for the crappy phone and small amount of storage but its handy. Battery life goes quick with some things but it charges up fast. I like the smallness. Fits right into my pocket, nice to carry around in the house.

This phone is great! Compact, smart and lovely! Designed for people who want a small (and economic) smartphone with all functionalities.

I few years ago I have a samsung cellphone and I really like it, the i change it for nokia, but i returned to samsung, i love this cellphone, it's little but inexpensive and it is a smartphone that work very well.

have used it yet but got it in great time and in good shapeI got it for some one else

I bought 2 of these for my kids, and they love. It's like a mini-Galaxy, with all the same access to get Android apps from the Google Play store. They can watch Youtube videos, send email, etc. It is smaller than a Galaxy S phone, so take a look at the specs before you buy. It's perfect for kids and teens.

Just worked so well for me.  Used this cell for traveling and the size was great. Not big and did not take up much space at all.  Did  very little IM, but the more I did it, the easier it became to uses the small key pad.  Just turn phone sideways and it was larger any way.  In all it worked so very well.

for basic phone activities, it is fineBut for some reasons, it does not work for internet access.However, it read micro ship just fine
