
No having any need for a smart phone and having used the Casio Ravine at a job before and having heard the claims that you can practically run it over with a car underwater and it will still work, I decided to go with the Brigade as my new phone. Immediately after getting it, I noticed it was pretty sturdy, having a heavy, durable feel to it. I liked the metal studs fastened to the upper and lower edges of the phone, ostensibly there to prevent wear from sliding in and out my my pocket...unfortunately 1 of these fell right off immediately, and other followed soon after. So I use the term &#34;fastened&#34; loosely, since they don't seem to be fastened to anything. A little superglue fixed this, but the thing is, I shouldn't have to superglue parts back on to a phone marketed as &#34;heavy duty&#34; right out of the package. I liked how Casio made an honest attempt to make this phone waterproof. The charging port is covered by a solid piece of plastic and sealed with a gasket, as is the the battery cover (which took some muscling to get on, but its that kind of phone so I didn't mind) and the headphone jack. Unfortunately, the cover for the charging port was only attached to 2 strips of flimsy plastic so it snapped off pretty fast. I kept the piece, but its annoying to keep track of a little piece of plastic every time you charge your phone. And you're going to be charging this phone a lot, since the battery life is pretty short for a &#34;no frills&#34; basic phone like this. The specific shape of the charger is another issue I had. I've owned Nokia, Samsung, Verizon, LG and most of them all used the same shape charger. That way if you lose or break one, you have a spare, can easily find a replacement at a gas station or borrow one, since its such a common charger. The charger that came with a bluetooth keyboard for a tablet I have even uses the same shape as a common Verizon charger. But no the Casio G'Shocks. Unless you happen to have a spare somewhere, good luck finding a replacement short of ordering one and shelling out more money than is necessary. Not a single store has a charger that fits these phones, except maybe Radio Shack, but come on! I shouldn't have to go to Radio Shack just to replace a phone charger, especially since they are now widely available at any gas station. There is no reason for this oddball design except to fleece you for more money for a new charger.Despite all of the issues I personally ran into, it's great if you are looking for basic workhorse phone. Other people's experiences will vary, but  I don't think there are any other basic phones with a keyboard out there that are as durable as the Brigade.

Got it in time, No major cosmetic issues that I can see.The cell phone works fine. Came ready to use. Thank you!

Ordered it for my mom she heard it was water proof. Shippin was super fast. She is very pleased with this phone.

Ordered new phone based on recommendation/research for a rugged talk/text phone.  Phone Arrived in great shape, however it appeared the OEM box was not new.  The charging cord itself was damaged, but upon a note to the company they sent off a new cord which arrived several days later.  Also there was no instruction book/warranty card that normally one would expect.  Again the company did send me the link to instructions onIine. So far the phone is great.  Perfect for what I need.  I would buy again from this company

after about a month or so of constant use the phone works great other than the occassional self restart when i attempt to make the phone do too many jobs at once

I owned this phone for over 3 years and it has been beat up, dropped, dropped in water, and went swimming with it.  If you like a heavy duty phone for texting and calling people this is phone for you. i had to buy another because after over 3 years of beating the crap out of it, it was making a weird noise. but that was after i fell off a boat and was in water for a while. i bought another one, because if you are like me and dont like touch phones. and want a heavy duty phone then get this one.  only phone out there i have found that can tolerate the abuse i put it thru.  verizon dont carry anymore and glad i found 1 here on amazon.  I love this phone.  it takes ok pictures and you can go online with it. i love the keyboard.  my other heavy duty phone was just a flip phone and texting on it sux, this is great , because it has a keypad.

Sorry folks, but 13 year old kids simply don't need smart phones. What they need are rugged, basic phones capable of calling and texting and taking a beating.  This phone meets those specs with flying colors.  We added it to our verizon account with no problem and while I'm sure she'd rather have a touch screen, email, internet machine this does the job just fine.

I purchased this phone because I liked the way it looked & It had every feature I wanted.Problem:The person I call can,t hear me when I talk.I can hear them very well.My wife tell me It sounds like I am whispering into the phone.Unless I talk where everyone can he me in the room.Person on the phone can,t hear me.Please don,t think I,M putting down the company where I purchased it,They have been very helpfull.They sent me anther phone but,it is the same way.I don,t know what else to do.Again don,t blame the company I purchased it from.Carlton

The phone is great but does suffer from some issues typical of Casio phones.SlowHas texting bugsOS degrades over timeThe voice quality isn't as good as other phones.Overall it is a nice phone to use as long as you know what the downsides are.

the phone is bad-ass. lying is not bad-ass.it says that no contract is needed for this phone when indeed it does.thats all just sayin be prepared to have to have a contract to activate this phone. shame on you guys for lying. change your details.

people are very perticular about their phone, some think it should do everything and anything, this phone is not a iphone you cant play angry bird or anything like that, but if you are looking for a phone that is had to break and has a keypad, there realy isn't many choices that this phone, the reason why i bought this phone is that it keypad, no data plan required and it is tough, it fill all of those roles for me, i would buy another if this broke, but i dont forsee that any time soon this thing is a brickps it is not to combersome, people were saming this thing was huge, it not small but it is about that same as the old enveys were

The phone arrived in exellent condition and on time. The reason for the 4 stars 1) the cradle for the phone charger was missing and when I made a phone call the people on the other end said I sounded funny or had a tough time hearing me. It's been over a week now and the problem has corrected itself. I believe it's the best phone for rugged use. I am very tough on my phones and the last Brigade lasted 3 years.

Works great my husband loves it , thank you for still having one!!!!

It needed software upgrades when we received it.  Took it to the Verizon Store for the upgrades.  So far my daughter has not been able to break it.  Good solid phone.

GREAT PRODUCT, GREAT PHONE........I LOVE IT and so happy when I found out that I could order another one....VERIZON WIRELESS DOESN'T even stock these phones anymore.....BUT AMAZON DOES....I COME HERE FOR EVERYTHING NOW!THANK YOU!

Great phone!  The battery has a long life. Great internal antena.  Over all best phone I have owned to date.

I have had this phone before it has always worked for me to keep it from breaking apart and water resistant

I got the phone because of it's ability to withstand some rough use. It does stand up well as far as I'm concerned. One major drawback is the bad sound quality. It is very hard to understand conversations sometimes and I don't think it is because of the reception area. The other huge frustration is that the external display is totally useless unless you're in a very dark area. So, if you're outside in the daytime - forget it - you won't be able to see it. What makes that even more frustrating is that they give you an option to change the display on the internal screen (which seems to be plenty bright) but don't give you any option to increase the brightness on the external screen. The larger internal screen has to take a lot more energy than the small external screen which needs to be brighter. What kind of person decided to design the phone like that ????!!!! Because of this, I would never get another Casio, they obviously don't get it when it comes to user needs.

Very excited to give this to my son on Christmas.  All test calls and text have worked perfectly.  He is going to be so excited.

Phone is nice looking and has all the bells and whistles. Butt i tried two diferant ones. The first one would not unlock, I took it in to the Verizon store and they tried it  still would not work. I sent it back with no problem and recieved a new one with in two days. The new one would unlock and did everything that it should except no one could hear me when i called or answered a call. I took this one in and the store could not do anything. They told me that this phone is no longer made and only lasted a short time do two operation problems. I spoke with the seller and had absolutely no problem sending it back and recieving a refund. I realy wish it would have worked.

I am the kind of person that was hesitant to get a smart phone because I have a history of breaking phones. Im an outdoor woman so I need a phone that is military status, with a battery that will last more than a day like all smart phones. Im also a minimalist so I can't be paying 60 dollars a month to have a working phone. Im also more of a texter than a talker.After literally 24 hours of research on rugged phones I finally decided on the Casio Brigade.What I needed in a phone ordered in priority:Firstly, I had to find a version phone as much as I hate version. They unfortantely have the best coverage and I will be living primarily in the mountains. So my research was filtered to version rugged phones only.1) Rugged (military grade waterproof, shock proof and dust proof)Although I haven't purposely tried to beat up this phone it feels really solid. The back door is very secure. . I am looking forward to going into the woods, river crossings and rainy days backpacking and not have to worry about my phone getting wet or dust in it. It will be great for Burning Man and other festivals where a phone is likely to get broken as well which is a plus2) Long battery lifeThe battery lasted a whole week with non-stop texting and web use etc!!!!!! Amazing! with an extra battery I will be able to go 2 weeks without charging which is extremely helpful since I will be living in a tent with no electricity for the next year!3) Qwerty keyboardVery easy texting!!! I will admit I have been a text and drive in the past to I originally was trying to find a phone that had voice to text and the only RUGGED phone I found with that feature is the Casio Ravine but like most smart phone the battery was s*** compared to the Brigade and definitely dose not seem as rugged. What the Brigade dose have is voice text and video text, and is very responsive to voice commands. There is nothing more frustrating than telling your phone to "call mom" and it calls Brenda instead (you get the idea). I love the text to speech feature too so I can hear a text when I am driving (less looking down and much safer all around).4) size and lookCompared to some popular smart phones this is not really that bulky and is some cases smaller than your average smart phone. won't be able to fit it in your skinny genes but I'm usually in outdoor cloths anyway and throwing in your purse or back is perfectly fine because the thing won't get smashed and no screen to worry about breaking.SO WHY ONLY 4 STARS?1) its an older phone so there are some disadvantages. You have to get the specific battery chargers for it. and there are mild glitches that other reviewers have mentioned such as the phone truing off by itself sometimes and the screen will just go blank randomly occasionally. Its more on an annoyance and so far is not a problem at all.2) When I received the phone i the mail the back door of the phone was completely broken. the tiny pieces that connect the back door to the phone was clearly and horribly glued on so when I assembled the phone the pieces broke off completely and the back was not secure leaving the back completely exposed. However, I contacted the seller and they were very quick to get back to me. They even made it hassle free by sending a new back door for free and I wouldn't have to return anything. Very very good customer service and a great phone in the end!

Perfect phone for someone who does not need smartphone and actually uses a phone to call people.also good keyboard easy to use

I got this phone because their is no other phone like it, I text from time to time. When I do, I dont want to press the same button 3 times to get one letter, so it had to be a qwerty phone, and this is the toughest one in the market.This one was sent professionally in a box with it's charger, phone was fully charged from the box.Good shipment

The phone was not able to transmit voice well enough to be usable. No one could hear me well enough to understand what I wqas saying.

I had one of these phones before I purchased this phone from this dealer and it was excellent! This phone however has had problems from the beginning. No one can understand me when making or receiving calls. I am constantly told it is muffled.We live off grid and only get to town a couple of times a month. Will not order phones from amazon again. We do not get into town in enough time to do returns on bad products and we are stuck with them now. Ordered the same phone from another dealer at the same time and was told it was new. The phone came with 120 hours on it! Two bad out of two purchases is not a good thing!

The Charger that was sent with the phone does not work. I was able to charge the phone once then then after that the charger stopped working.

I have owned this phone for about 4 years. It has been through lakes, cement, dirt, swamp water,accidental drops (50x) and it still works like the first day I bought it.I can see now why they do not make it anymore - lasts to long.

why this country sucks-I buy this in november, and it craps out 9 days after the three month warranty.So of course the distributor is useless, as is Amazon.I will never buy from amazon agin if this is the way you treat your customers

The charging cover broke off after about 2 weeks.  When I had the original new G'zOne Brigade, it was on there until the phone died 5 years later, and is still on there.  My former G'zOne phone had a great speaker and the battery seemed to last forever..............wish I had it back.  This one is a poor imitation.

had the phone for maybe a week and the large interior screen went out. didnt drop it, expose it to water, nothing. It just stopped working!

Phone lasted less than a year before having problems sending, receiving, and the ability to open and read text messages. Same problem previous same phone had after 2 years. Very disappointed to say the least. Will not buy another one, that's for sure. Waste of hard earned money!

for an old fellow, its as easy as they come, all except the camera pictures, they need to fill the screen, instead of half inch wide, need magnifing glass to see them, its a shame that they aren't still offering them. All this touch thing, no good for me, I touch too hard!!

I am glad to be rid of the &#34;smarty-pants&#34; phone! this phone does what I need it to do well, phone and text first.

I bought this for my son and it quit working after 2 days!!!!! Made it only two days!!!!!!!!! They said it was new I think they were wrong. Maybe it is just the battery Im not sure but none the less very disappointing.

Tough phone.  I call it Toddler proof as well as shock proof, waterproof and dust proof.  Great phone that lasted me several years.  Takes good photos also.

I owned a GzOne prior to this purchase, had it for 5 yrs.  Back light on front screen got dull.  Liked phone, so purchased another, new one

This is a good phone. It is rugged as is stated. It should last a good long time. I really like the full qwerty!

the brigade is a really rugged phone but like everything else its got its weak points like the hinges i slammed it against the ground and it hit the hinges and snapped it in two but its was put through alot prior to it like flying out my truck window going to fast through a turn  ran over by a buddies truck it has all the functions i need it to have and then some i have no real complanits with it besides the hinges and the external screen sometimes cracks still works just slighty annoying

I have had this phone for two years and initially loved it.  Very solid and lived up to its rugged reputation. However, as it aged, the front display has faded and now you cannot read it at all in sunlight and it is distorted in regular light.  The phone tends to lock-up when sending photo images and sometimes requires a battery removal to recover from the lock-up condition.  Basically, I no longer trust it and it is a bit inconvenient.  I have ordered a Samnung Intensity to replace it, so hopefully it will give me better service.

It is harder to work than I had hoped for! It is my husband's and he does not like it very well! I am hoping to figure it out more!!

Hubby had one just like this one. Poor thing just gave up. Was so happy when I saw this . Loves this phone. AWESOME!!!!

This is my second C741 and right out of the box it suffers from the same problems reported by other users. When my first c741 phone stopped ringing on incoming calls, my wife started getting annoyed by my not answering. Personally, it didn't bother me at all. lol.You see, it was dropped in the snow in the middle of the road and subsequently run over by several vehicles, then the snow plow came and plowed it into a snow bank where it sat for a week or two. When I went looking for it I found it lying face down in muddy water....and it was ringing! Now that's a tough phone. That was also the last time I ever heard it ring but the phone itself kept on working and still works today.My replacement, however, rings just fine but I have to almost yell to talk to anyone. It seems clear to me that the problems with speakers and the screen fading over time are possible reasons why this model was cancelled by Verizon/casio but I suspect that the unsurpassed durability/longevity of this unit and it's ability to used on basic verizon plans probably killed it. Verizon wants your money! Giving you a phone that lasts forever and works on there lowest package is not conducive to their goal of emptying your wallet. Just take a look at the phones Verizon now offers their lowest package subscribers. There are only 3 and my wife and 3 daughters have broken all of them in short order. Hope this was helpful.

This is a great company and I would order from them again! And they always was very nice people and will actually talk to you on the phone instead of talking over the computer.

similar to his old envy3 phone they no longer make & seems rugged so far. he likes the flashlight feature.

Great alternative to a smart phone for me. QWERTY keyboard is very nice after years with a flip phone. EXACTLY what I needed.

Love the phone! Speaker is amazing , phone was in amazing condition, battery life is amazing as well! No problems what so ever

Great phone for those of us who work in an enviornment to harsh for a delicate mini computer aka smartphone . I have been through 3 droids and got tired of the constant worry that I might drop it or that I might bump into something and break it .

I absolutely love this phone. I work outside and this phone is the perfect companion to my job. The texting ability makes oh so much better. I have already recommended it to my coworkers and am highly recommending it to anyone reading.

This is a very good design. too bad they don't make this anymore as it is far superior to even the android model they make. The only flaw is that I bought it refurbished, the outside display is a little clouded, kinda disapointed in that.

Pay NO attention to the stock photo amazon puts online! You get a brand new phone and mine works great. I have read about 100 reviews on this phone and I think the reason Casio quit making it was fraudulent pple. I love this durable phone so much, I have 2 backup now. I am not able to pay $30/ mo for a data plan... only to replace smart ph. when it gets dropped once... only then pay rediculous replacement costs. I love the QWERTY and ease of use in the menu. btw, quit wasting $ on insurance if a replacement is this price! I bought this tablet at the pawn and recycled a perfectly great product. Not for everyone but if the shoe fits...

This phone is absolutely amazing. My father accidentally ran it over when it was open with his truck, cracked the screen but it still worked fine. Went through water after that and water got inside the phone. The thing never shut off. I now have an iPhone 4S but I also have this phone in the closet and it still works! I'm not a huge fan of the iPhone and I am soon upgrading to the Casio Commando on 4G LTE. I am hoping it is as extremely well made as the brigade. Once again it is an absolutely amazing phone

This phone is obsolete, Love the way it works, wish they still sold it. I use it as a WORK phone, about 40 calls a day, texting is a dream on this, and it is simple to block your location to keep ex,,,whatever from tracking you.

No sim card slot (artfully left out of the information) no way to unlock without NASA level expertise. Basically an electric doorstop.

fo reel ,I aint never heard no electronic voice b4,i be lik  woot woot every other day dis week fo sho!

ok. i had a smart phone its not a smart phone. but it is an awesome "dumb phone" the vz navigator is amazing and the phone holds up really well. it has a bunch of cool features like the visual voicemall. and the email app on it is amazing

The phone you can't hear the one your talking to very loud at all. Can we return it?THe other features are good though.

we liked the construction of the phone the texting buttons were nice BUT major draw back when trying to talk on the phone the person you are trying to converse with cant hear you unless you put it on speaker MAJOR drawback we could hear them BUT they couldnot hear us unless we put it on speaker needless to say you dont always want your phone on speaker. after we posted this the phone the co. contacted us sent us a new one they were the lady who helped me was very nice and helpful, we really like the phone

Can you activate this phone to a contract. In other words how do I activate this phone.  I need help

I received the phone in about 2 days.  It looks new and in good shape.  It came with a charger (unfortunately it's a proprietary USB port, or so it appears), and a battery.  The battery was dead on arrival and I am charging it right now.  It's been charging for half an hour and still the battery is dead, so I will wait a few hours and see what happens.  Any other phone I have received had a fully charged batter, so this was disappointing.  The screen on the front is very small, and not real useful except to see who a message came from, to view the time, and to see contact list when you are calling out.  I can't test the push-to-talk because I don't have the service and no one to test it with.  The keyboard is very nice, and the reason that I bought this phone.  The inside screen is plenty big and looks good.  The phone comes with very useful apps like the VZ Navigator, which is free with a data plan (no the phone does not require a data plan, but after you activate it you have to call Verizon and ask them to block data and take the plan off your bill).The battery cover is very flimsy and I cracked it trying to pry it open to put in the battery.  It didn't crack at the sealed area, so no harm done to the watertight seal.  The directions on the web site says to unlock the back cover, then place your finger in the recessed area on the upper left edge of the cover.  There is no recessed area on the upper left or any other edge except some too small for a finger or finger nail.  I had to use a very small flat head screwdriver and it also damaged the cover because the material is a soft cheap plastic.  They claim that this phone can take a beating, but I don't see the back cover or the front screen glass surviving much of a beating at all.I tested the voice out by calling my skype number and leaving a voice message.  It sounded clear but very mono (as do most phones).  The ring tone has always been very choppy with verizon which always makes me nervous about the talk and listen quality of any phone, but the ear speaker was very clear on this one.I will update this review about the battery later once it is charged, but so far I like the phone a lot! [Battery Update]:  Battery gooood!  Took only about 2 hours or so to charge.  Full use so far for about 2 hours without a drop in battery bars.  I love this phone.

This is the second G'zOne Brigade I have purchased.  My first one was wonderful and even survived in pocket when I was in a lake!  This one has terrible sound.  Others cannot hear me on this phone.  I am only able to use it if I use a bluetooth headset.  I would return it to exchange but I don't want to go without a phone until the new one arrives.

Can't believe it!  Bought this for my son because the speaker went out in  his years old Brigade and when he'd call me I couldn't understand him.  It had been through hell and high waters and dropped dozens of times-- it seemed indestructible!  He opend he new one-- the display light dimmed and you couldn't see who was calling or who you were calling.  Surprised-- shocked really because his other one has been so good.  We sent it back and are re reordering the same phone assuming something was defective from the factory or damaged in S & H.  And if it doesn't work-- we will try another one because this is the best ole workhorse an outdoorsman/hard working man can hope to have.  Its digital.  No frill.  No fluff.  Just a great sensible and strong piece of equipment.  Amazon made it so easy to print off our return label and get it back for credit--we appreciate that.

The phone looked like it was used as a hammer. I will not waste any time writing the review as the company should be ashamed.

My son is getting good use of a good deal, he is not much of a phone person but likes this one.

"You will regret your purchase. seller misrepresents. Bought NEW cell as listed. Got phone, shipped in flimsy bag w/loose insulation, no protect for device. Horribly filthy. He states described this way "NOPE". Said i was to blame for not reading descr. Verizon said phone belonged to 2 others. Filed claim then he confirmed descr was wrong, surprise. NOT NEW by my standards. BE AWARE. This seller is a disingenuous."

I bought this for my boyfriend because he needed a rugged phone for work (he is a landscaper and snow plower). It works great, rings very loud and has all the normal cell phone features.

Phone would be alright i guess if you didn't know any better. First thing i noticed when I opened it, this thing is huge! Then I found that it does not contain the gz gear (compass, thermometer, pedometer and so forth)The ravine had all this. Matter of fact the only advantage to it i found was the qwerty keyboard. I only had it 2 days and brushed by the corner of a bench not hard ...IT CRUSHED THE FRONT SCREEN LENS! So much for being tough I thought I had a cracker in my pocket! Apparently they beefed up the inside screen with gorilla glass and used a cheap plastic on the outside... really smart :/ I mean where is the most damage likely to happen? You guessed it, the outside. My opinion, outside of the qwerty keyboard, this phone was not an upgrade from the old one.

Sometimes I can answer it when it rings and it works correctly  and half the time it will only work on speaker phone.  Good for texting.

I am a bit old school when it comes to cell phones. They should be phones first and foremost. I am also a typical guy mean I can be hard on a cell phone so it needs to be tough. I Currently own one of these and really didn't want to get a &#34;smart phone&#34; if I didn't have to. So this really tickled me to no end when I found I could still purchase a new G'zOne Brigage. So when my current Brigade finally give up the ghost I can have this activated and hopefully get another 4 years of happy phoning and texting out of it. I received it promptly in great condition as indicate in the ad. The only it was missing compared to my original was a desk cradle for charging, and I'm sure I can find one of those on Amazon as well.

I bought this phone so i would have a backup in case something happened to the one i already have because i like the phone, when i got the phone i put it away until i needed it ,fortunatly my brigade lasted a bit longer than expected, well i finally had to go turn it on , well i could hear everyone but no one could hear me, so now i'm stuck with a supposed new phone that doesn't even work,,no  i'm not happy  Don't get me wrong, the brigade is a great cell phone, best iv'e ever had but when i pay 129.oo i expect it to work.

I bought the phone for my fiance as a replacement for his first casio brigade on January 8, 2014. The original was great and did not hesitate purchasing this one since it was marketed as NEW. Once we received it, we took it to Verizon to have the backup assist and contacts transferred. We were informed it was still registered to the previous owners number. RED FLAG! How is something &#34;NEW&#34; and registered to a previous owner?Now a month later, the phone's exterior screen has gone dark and my fiance is in the same situation he was before I bought this &#34;replacement&#34;. He now has a phone he can not see who is calling him, tunnel receptoin, and a keyboard that randomly pops off! Thank you so much Real Deal Distributor for sending us a lovely TOY PHONE.

Very good if what you want is a cell phone that also provides excellent use as a texting machine.  If you need a "smartphone" with all the apps, toys, and do-dads, then you won't like this phone.  It's kinda heavy and thick, but it has a military-spec rating, and it is solidly weather-sealed.  You can hold a lot of pictures, music, etc., by adding in an inexpensive micro-memory card found nearly everywhere.  I added one that has 4GB extra storage and that has been plenty for me.My only real complaint is that the external display which is the OLED type (organic light-emitting diode) went down to about 1/5th the normal brightness after about a year and a half.  I can't figure out any reason why it would do this because I never did treat the phone harshly or expose it to any unnatural stresses, and unfortunately you cannot adjust the brightness.  Browsing the 'net, I find out that there are many complaints about OLED displays in many different devices.  OLED seems to be another technology that didn't work out so well.The inside display, which is NOT the OLED type (I think it is an LED type), has adjustable brightness and works and looks perfectly.  Since nearly all I use the phone for is texting, this doesn't really both me.  BTW, the battery life is good, and you can get extra batteries for it really inexpensively here at Amazon.

The phone works great and seems rugged. How ever the wrong charger came with the phone. I ended up finding a charger that would work for it.  I'd still like to get the correct charger for it.

I ordered this phone because I am an excavator and my phone was getting exposed to dirt, rain, and all of the elements. True, the phone is rugged. I actually dropped it and didn't realize it and then it was run over by a dumptruck on the job site and it still worked. Unfortunately, I'm on my third one of this same model because the sound doesn't function properly. The first one, after a few months, the sound was garbled and I couldn't hear what the caller was saying. Texting was fine. Verizon wireless replaced it with another. The second one did the same thing and it was replaced again. The third one, which is now out of warranty per my contract, also does this PLUS it doesn't ring anymore. I have to glance at the phone every 15-20 minutes to see if I had a call or text. Needless to say, I'm on the lookout for another. I'm pleased to hear that others have had luck with it. But I haven't.

Ordered a replacement cell phone from Amazon after my phone fell into 20 feet of salt water. Oakland wireless was the seller. The phone lives up to its expectations. (I am tough on cell phones.) Ordered online on a Wednesday night and the phone arrived on Monday. The most difficult part was interacting with Verizon Wireless to activate the phone. I ordered a reconditioned phone from the folks at Oakland Wireless and the phone they shipped looks and works like new. I will order my next phone from Pakland Wireless.

If your not getting a smart phone get this phone it is the only non-smart phone that has not given me any probloms and I have owned it for over a year I swim with it bring it in the shower leave it in the rain show people how waterproof it is I throw it at walls dropped it off my roof onto my patio about 9feet. I let people throw it slide it on the ground I bike skateboard hike mountain climb with it in my pocket and don't have to worry about a thing it's cool looking gets a lot of attention from people and is practically indistrictable ive held a flame to it for 30 seconds. With no damage. The person who wrote the one star review saying it looks like a hammer is wrong its cool looking but I'm not lying when I say I actually used it to hammer a nail in that was sticking out of the trim on My dresser. This phone has a great camera its got huge buttons so its easy to text its got good sound quality and the battery never ever ever falls out when you drop it .it has locks and water proof seals all over it to protect it 100%

In less than 6 months this NEW phone has a dead front face. Contacted seller Pinktech. dont waste time with this seller or products. I have purchased my fair share of phones and have never had one fail so quickly It didnt even go for a swim,get run over, or get dropped! My LG Nv lasted 3 years and it had daily abuse from a working mechanic.  What a waste of my money. Shame on you Pinktech for your poor customer service. BEWARE
