
these phones so for a minimum of $15 in the store so for $11.50 you really can't beat it for a prepaid phone... especially if you're not planning on keeping it for long ;-)

I love this phone it has amazing quality I would always recommend this to anyone also it's good for young kids

I wanted a low cost cell phone to have handy in my car for emergency use. This fills the requirement perfectly. The phone performs well, holds a charge and is low cost. However, Samsung equipped it with a oddball charging plug that fits nothing else. So now I have three chargers and three car plugs. Why can't some of these manufacturers get together?

This phone is perfect for me. I love the keypad and the ringers and I get a good signal for where I live. It's a great little phone.

I'm very pleased with the overall quality of this phone so far.  I only use a cell phone for infrequent quick calls.  It fits my needs very well.

Nothing sofisticated, but does everything I need for a lower cost. Is not Apple I phone, but if you have an I pod/I Pad, this is an inexpensive phone if you are not a big user.

I got this cell phone as a replacement phone for my mother. It's great it is basic cellphone big buttons plain and simple to use. Some people don't need all these features that cellphone has on them now.It is a great cell good buy very affordable.

This is a great flip phone.  All I use a phone for is talking - no texting, no internet.  Battery life is excellent.  Reception in my area is fine.  Lots of features.  Small and light.  Works perfectly.  Ported my cell phone number from AT&T to Virgin Mobile.  The porting process took approximately 15 minutes to go through.  Got this phone on sale at Bestbuy for 6 dollars.

I bought this phone for my grandmother after the hospital stole her existing phone. She likes it much better because the buttons and screen are bigger and the menu is easier to use. Last time I visited her I looked at it and the build quality is very good and the screen is very bright and clear.

Not bad for $14.98, the phone is different than I'm used to, but I'll get used to it, the phone does work and I'm in the process of transferring My phone number from Verizon Wireless to Virgin Mobile on their PayLo plan for $20 a month. The phones battery charger is also very nice, so far no problems, I'm currently waiting for a text message. Yippee! One more bill from VzW and I'm free of them for good.

sincerely,this is a very basic cellphone,no camera,no bluetooh,no mp3,cannot install opera browser on it,no im.if you, like, me needs a basic cellphone like this for making calls and ocasionally sending some text this could be a great choice.the battery life is amazing i charged the battery 4 days ago and still has two bars,of course i don't talk that much only ocasionally.the buttons are big enough for dialing especially for older people.overall i recomend this phone if u only needs make calls and send a few texts,it will be excellent,otherwise get others models availables

I love my phone. It is even better than what I anticipated! I loved that it was already charged to when it got to me.

I needed a phone simple phone and this was perfect gave it 4 stars because at times the calls do cut off but i think that just Virgin Mobile other than that id definitely recommend this phone.

I got this phone when I switched cell phone companies. I had an iPhone before, so this phone took a bit of getting used to. This phone is a great phone for people who want a basic phone- there is no camera or any other fancy extras you might find on a more expensive phone-  and a tough phone- I accidentally dropped it several times and it still works. I loved the speaker phone on it. It's almost as good as my old iPhone's. The battery is great too. I'd charge it every 2-3 days. The only problem I had with this phone was texting. The keys on it are not made for people to send a lot of texts on. If you're the kind of person who calls more than they text, this is the phone for you.

Product as described and it works great for the price. I bought it for my mother and she seems to be pleased with theh phone for her use

the plug broke when u try to charge it. now i cant charge my phone. dont buy the phone! it sucks!

The Samsung Entro is a solid low end phone. It's study, has excellent clarity according to my friends who have heard me speak on it, and good battery life. Yes it doesn't have a camera nor a SD chip so it's not the perfect phone but it talks well and texts well and it is very well built for $15. If you need a simple phone, this one is a solid contender.Craig

Very satisfied and easy to use and good price for this phone.  I use mostly for emergencies but when talking is very clear.

Simple easy phone for any beginner of cell phones. And very affordable. Nothing fancy. But does the job on calling and a simple text.

This is a phone I had ordered for a boyfriend that can't manage to keep track of his, therefor we buy him cheap phones now.  It works great, nothing fancy, good sound quality, priced just right when you have to replace it because you loose it every other month.  Grrrr.

The T9 texting is good, if you don't use any &#34;unrecognized&#34; words. The &#34;Add word&#34; item doesn't work, and it doesn't recognize your new words automatically. It's a pain in the neck.

Lightweight, very cheap, very good battery life, good sound, and call quality.  Knowing this isn't very feature rich, or tech heavy, I am quite happy with the purchase.Some small annoyances.  It's small, which may be a plus, but sometimes i fumble while trying to open it up.  The micro-finished textured plastic surface (hard to how it feels explain) makes it a bit slippery, and there isn't a nice place to grab on the clamshell.  It's not a burden or anything, its just been a while since I used clamshells. Already dropped it twice (without no problems).  No cases to be found for this thing anywhere (not even bargaincheapghettocellphoneaccessories.net)Other than this, great buy...as long as you're happy with Sprint/Virgin of course.

In a world steadily moving towards the bigger i-phones and i-pads, I'm grateful that I can still have a simple and small flip phone. The only thing I don't like about this particular model is the headphone I ordered doesn't really work well with it.  But for the cost of the phone and the value of the package I purchased with Virgin Mobile, I love this phone!

I needed a quick cheap phone to replace the ones I lost till I can afford a better one and this phone was perfect! From call quality, battery and a neat compact design this phone was a delight to use. If you don't need a camera on your phone or don't bother browsing the web on the go and need basic talk and texting, this phone is a great option and I highly recommend it. (Great alarm clock too!)

this phone for the price is awesome. replaced old phone and was very happy when new one arrived super fast and what an awesome phone for 20 bucks it is...

It was cheap, and works for calls very well where I generally do not get AT&T reception, which is all I needed it for.

As a former VZ customer paying $75/mo (lowest possible tier for a smartphone), this phone is a GODSEND if you just want a basic phone that makes calls and send/receives texts.  The upfront costs is less than what you would pay for a typical smartphone data plan in one month.Changing my phone number from VZ to Virgin Mobile was very easy.  When you get the phone, the instructions tell you to log on to Virgin Mobile and register your phone.  Then you get the option to use the phone number attach to the phone or transport a phone number you already have to the Virgin Mobile phone (make sure you are completely out of your contract with your old provider before doing so or you will get hit with an early termination fee).  Once you follow the instructions exactly and choose a plan (lowest is $20/mo for 400 anytime minutes and $0.15 per text received and next lowest is $30 for 1500 anytime minutes, 1500 txt messages and 30MB for web surfing), then you just pay as you go.Do the math:  Using my old phone plan, $75/mo for one year comes to $900/yr.  Using my new phone, $20 for the phone itself and then $20/mo for a data plan (no contracts!!!!) comes to $260/yr.  An easy $640 you just saved.  Not to shabby...

As I work from home and use a landline, I needed a cell phone for when I'm out and about, emergencies, etc.  None of the other big-name companies offer just talk without text.  I trust the Samsung brand and Virgin Mobile had the PayLo plan perfect for my needs.  I've had this phone about a month now and today is the first day I've had to charge it.  The battery life is amazing.  I use this phone actually more for the alarm clock than talking.  I think my first month minutes used came to 64.  Can't beat it for $20.00 a month.  The Samsung Entro is nothing fancy, but it is a good solid phone.

Got this phone for my dads 78th birthday. He has never had a cell phone in his life. This was the best thing for him. It's easy to use and do'es a great job.

Good phone, reliable, fit for basic tasks. I would recommend phone if need it for basic talk and text. Good luck.

I was in Best Buy the other day and needed a new phone. I saw the entro was on sale for 5 dollars so I bought it. Went home and 10 minutes later I had a new phone. Activation of phone went very well no problems. Phone works great a little trouble texting but other than that phone is great. Since all I need phone for is talk & text this phone is perfect for me. I would highly recomend this phone. Great price Great phone!!!!

Bought this phone after my triumph died on me. It was very cheap and it is just great.ProsVery sturdyEasy to useExternal display is very nice.Battery lasts me 3-5 days depending on how much I use it.ConsNone you get what you pay for.

Being retired, and on a limited income, when my current phone provider informed me that I would loose my corporate discount and my cell phone rate would go up by 21%,  I started looking for a better priced basic cellphone.  A friend told me about the Virgin Mobile "PayLo" phones and service,  I decided to try one, and I picked the Samsung Entro phone.  So far I am pleased, it has performed well, the cost was cheap, and the PayLo service plan has cut my yearly expenses by $430 (For three phones). The phone has a sharp display, vibrate function, speaker phone, and good battery life.  It's great for phone calls.  If you are looking for texting or smart phone features, look for something else.  This is a basic phone for talking, not a toy to play with. If you are looking for a phone to make calls with, this is a good compact easy to use phone.  I would recommend it.

My mother is 69 and she love how simple it I'd.. it really is a nice phone to have and own.

Good phone for a tween, easy to use and no camera to complicate things. Works well but Virgin Mobile does not have the best network and it does not work well in some areas

If you're looking for a basic phone with all the bells and whistles of a phone you had 10 years ago, for 15$ you're not going to find a better one. I bought this phone as a "home phone" and could not be happier for the price, it literally sits in the main entryway of the house and is barely used, it allows me to put in all of my contacts and assign ring tones and pictures if I want. There's no camera, there's almost no ringtones or backgrounds available to purchase for this phone, and I wouldn't count on it to do anything other than make phone calls. It gets great reception, it seems sturdy, and if you're not using it a whole lot (like me) then the battery seems to last forever. If you just need a home phone or a secondary phone where you can be reached, this is a great phone for that. At 20$ a month for very basic service, it's much cheaper than most of the landlines, and you don't get the telemarketer calls on it that you get from landline phones. This would be a great phone to give to your child if you need to be able to reach them, or if you need them to be able to reach you, since you don't have to worry about what they'll see on the internet, youtube, or anything else they can get into with new smartphones.

This phone was bought for my sister. She only uses the phone for calls. The only thing she doesn't like is the manual does not explain usage as well as it should. Other wise the phone is working out well.

Thank you so very much.  Item was in great condition and works very well.  Everything work as needed and easy to operate

Even when standing by my window on my top story apartment I couldn't get signal bars all the time, and I lived near the center of Los Angeles! This phone is CRAP! Also, I got used to watching coworkers use their phones at work, and me, I couldn't get a single bar.

It doesn't have a camera or fancy ring tones. You can't buy more ringtones or graphics from Virgin Mobile for this phone. The phone numbers on the inside screen are displayed in tiny digits impossible to read in dim light. Its calculator is basic like something designed twenty years ago.Yet, I am delighted with this phone. Why?First of all, the cost of the phone is extremely low and even two dollars lower when I bought it from Virgin Mobile. Call quality is more than adequate while the speaker feature is loud and robust. Using the speaker, I can lay the phone on my lap while driving and have a hands free phone conversation.This phone even has a voice activation feature. I can press one button, say call home, and the phone dials home for me and any other number than's programmed into my contacts. For anyone who's not glued to his or her phone and likes to carry a just-in-case cell phone. This is the one. Right now I have the $20 dollar a month plan with 400 minutes. There's also a pay by the minute plan for those who rarely use the phone.Bottom line - I'm very pleased with this minimalist, inexpensive phone.

The phone itself is fine - easy to read and program. I don't like having to access the internet each time I want to know my balance. Virgin Mobile service however is not so hot in the area I am in in SC. I have trouble with all the sudden losing calls when I am not even moving.For the price the phone is a great flip phone.

I have kids at school and active in the after school clubs.  They need to be picked up from the school.  I depend on my phone alarm for reminder alarms.  After I got this phone, its flaw became an annoyance where I changed the phone.What I wanted:  Alarm will ring monday through friday and will turn off when I push the side button.  Alarm will not repeat.Flaw:  This phone comes with a snooze.  When snooze function is disabled (I don't need repeated rings), and stop the alarm with the side button, the alarm setting changes from &#34;mon-fri repeat&#34; to &#34;once&#34;.  In effect, the alarm turns off, permanently.  I have to reprogram the alarm setting.If I able the snooze, the &#34;mon-fri&#34; setting is remembered, but I have to take the phone out of the holster, open the phone and dismiss the alarm.  Often, while I'm handling the phone, side button will be pushed, then the &#34;dismiss&#34; function is gone.  The snooze can be turned off only if side button is not used and dismissed from an open phone.  I thought this was defective phone and asked for a replacement, but the second phone had the same way of functioning.Virgin mobile representative did not get it, at first.  He tried to get me to use the calendar function, which is whole another animal to deal with.  I asked for refund, got it, and bought kyocera kona.BTW, Kyocera kona has very acceptable alarm settings and works pretty well.  Its reception, however, is less than satisfying.  I live in northeast NJ where cell phone coverage is usually exceptional.The Samsung Entro, otherwise, was good enough phone.

I bought this phone for my grandma when we switched carriers. It is extremely basic, and I was a little disappointed at the lack of certain features. This phone actually wound up being a downgrade from the one she already had. Biggest points of disappointment:1: There's no bluetooth, so I had to manually go in and re-enter each and every one of the contacts.2: There is no way to change the font size, which is pretty small. (Inconvenient for my grandma.)That being said, it does what it's supposed to: makes calls, stores contacts. But if you want to do more than that, you'll be highly disappointed. Not bad for the price, though.

I works fine. would recomend it for those who don't want a smart phone. very easy to read and sound is OK.

Bought this for my 72-year-old mother after she killed her previous phone (a basic Kyocera that ended up having very limited battery life and an unusual connector that made it annoying to charge). Mostly, it's perfect for her needs, which is to say it's a phone with good clear audio quality, decent battery life, a ringer that can be turned up pretty loud, and keypad buttons that, while not huge, are big enough for her to see. It'd be less than a 5-star purchase for someone who wanted to text a lot (or ever), since a no-contract slider isn't too much more expensive -- but if you're looking to minimize complications (i.e. technical S.O.S. calls from an older relative/friend), and you want something you feel confident won't die unexpectedly because of insufficient battery life, this is a great choice. (Also, fwiw, the connector it uses is a *very* common one [indeed, the same as the kindle, and about a trillion other devices] so one really never has to worry about not being able to find a charger when you need one and didn't bring yours.)

It is light and small. Easy to carry with a second phone. As I use it more I can update my review of the phone performance.

Samsung Entro (Model SPH-M270)What this phone does well:Phone CallsDate/TimeWhat it does not do well:Anything elseI got this device direct from Virgin Mobile. I believe that they are the only carrier using it. I got it to replace an iPhone because AT&T;'s least expensive plan was nearly $70 per month. Virgin Mobile's least expensive plan is $20/Month (plus $2.05 in tax and service charges). That does not include TXT messages or Web browsing, neither of which I would use this device for. I also wanted a cell phone that did NOT include a camera (something that is hard to find).Documentation:The book that comes with the phone weighs almost as much or more than the phone. One would think that would indicate a good manual. It does not. Half the manual is foreign language (Spanish I think). It has 20 Pages on the operation of the phone and another 30 pages to satisfy Samsung's lawyers. While it does include a short description of most of the phone functions. Embedded in the instructions there are "graphic" images of some of the buttons. These are extremely small and difficult to read (break out the magnifying glass). The manual does NOT include a clear glossary of the ICONs used on the phone. To be fair there is an tiny abbreviated icon glossary hidden under the "Phone Information" on the phone.Voice:Incoming calls are excellent and those speaking to me respond that their side of the conversation is clear. There is a problem with the speaker phone. The incoming conversation breaks up so badly it is next to useless. I have used the phone with a wired headset and in this mode the phone is excellent. The biggest short coming is the lack of bluetooth. This is a major oversight as the primary purpose is voice calls.Voice-Activated Commands:The voice system is easy to get into and it appears to work, however I do not use it.Camera:It does not have one. For me this is a great advantage as there are a number of places where someone can not carry a device that includes a camera. If I want a camera I have several real cameras to choose from. I do not need a bad camera in my phone.Texting:Well it does it but with the small screen and the lack of an full keyboard it does not do it well.WEB:I use a 24 inch monitor at home. I am not even going to try browsing the internet on this tiny screen or without a real keyboard.Computer Connection:You can connect device this to your computer with a third party cable. It will charge but it will also generate an error: "MTP USB Device not properly installed, Device driver software was not successfully installed". Samsung's responce was to contact my computer manufacturer. I guess that Samsung expect HP/DELL to provide device drivers for their phones.Date/Time:I stopped wearing a watch years ago after I got my first cell phone. The external display will show the current time in large characters any time you press the vol rocker. Below this is smaller characters is the day and date (moth, day). The phone also has an alarm built in but I have not used it.Battery Life:It is supposed to have about twenty days of up time. I do not know because I have not yet seen it come off of full charge. Of course I plug it in at least once or twice a week. It will "beep" when it is fully charged.Keyboard:It has large keys clear keys with back lighting so it can be used in the dark. It also has a raised dot on the number five key. Pressing the number one twice will take you directly to Voice Mail. Unfortunately it does not seem to have an anything else to indicate that there is a voice mail waiting (maybe an ICON that I have never seen or understood).GPS Support:Really ? Not found this and a map on that tiny screen would be worse than useless.Summary:This is a good, small, inexpensive phone for voice use. The lack of bluetooth is the reason I deducted one star in the rating system.

This is a simple, yet great phone, for anyone who wants an easy-to-use mobile phone on hand. There's no fancy gadgetry and the sound is clear, the screen is bright and it's lightweight. No need to spend a lot of money on contract phone or even other prepaid plans.  I think this VM phone does the trick.

MIGHT ACTIVATE IT SOME TIME IN THE FUTURE FOR RECEIVING AND SENDING MESSAGES. .COVERAGE ACROSS THE COUNTRY.APPEARS TO BE EXTENSIVE WITH SPRINT.

I had first ordered this same phone from Virgin Mobile - but I immediately noticed on Virgin Mobile's order confirmation that they would be sending a reconditioned phone. Their order pages say nothing about reconditioned. So I went through their difficult process of cancelling their order. I actually ended up spending a tiny bit less (after sales tax) by ordering from Amazon, and it's a NEW phone. It's a basic phone, but works great and exactly what we wanted. Don't need a smartphone for the person who will be using it.

My sister moved and she had to stand by a window in order for me to hear her.  She had to call Customer Service to get the phone switched, but it works much better.  She also likes the fact the phone doesn't automatically dial when it is in her pocket.

Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my father who only needs a phone for calls and voicemails.  No contracts, no texts, no gaming, no internet, you get the idea.  He really likes the sturdy, flip design, date/time display on the outside of the phone and the color screen with large font.  He says the battery lasts a long time in between charges and that conversations come in loud and clear on both ends.  If you are looking for a basic, no frills phone, I don't think you can go wrong with this one!

THE PHONE IS GREAT AND I CAN SEE THE NUMBERS AND IT IS FOR ME. IT GOT TO ME JUST WHEN THEY TELL YOU THAT IT IS COMING AND IT WAS EASY TO ADD MY PHONE NUMBER TO IT.

This phone does not have Bluetooth and that fact is not stated in the product description. Uneconomical to return this item at my expense.

Heck! I paid 14 bucks for the phone so who can complain. Basic phone with no frills but a decent battery and works well

We bought this phone because it is very reasonably priced.  We just use voice.  With Virgin Mobile their prices are extremely reasonable.  This phone was only $15.  The voice quality is very good.  Virgin Mobile uses Sprint's network, so if Sprint's coverage works for you they are a good alternative.  This phone would not be very good for texting.  No keyboard.  Very basic flip phone.

Wife had a Kyocera that was getting terrible reception on Virgin. My family all have Virgin in this area and it works great for them, so we decided to give this one a shot. Much better reception, no missed calls anymore, feels a little archaic to be texting without a keyboard again but wife is happy to have good service!

Bought for someone who needed the "paylo" qualifying phone. This was a tremendous improvement from the piece of garbage that he had before. The Kyocera model Virgin provided was utter garbage and probably an especially impressive health hazard to boot.This phone made all the difference and he was able to finally CLEARLY hear his calls.

Cell phone was fine.  Unfortunately, I had to rescue a puppy that had fell into a swimming pool and jumped into the water without taking it out of my pocket...........so that was the end of that phone.

What I was looking for. Good condition just what I was looking for. Very satisfied. I would recommend it to other customers

I bought a android watch last summer thinking I would use all the features. But I hardy ever did use them. And the phone never really worked. That may have been my fault since I didn't try to learn all the features. But thinking about it, I came to realize that I only want a phone because my wife insists and for just in case minor emergencies. So I dropped back down to this phone.It's cheap, it sounds cheap, but it works. I do like the textured plastic material. And I killed the $50/mo plan for a $20/mo plan.

I like to keep things simple and this Samsung Entro is perfect. I don't do texting, and when I surf, it's on my PC. (My eyes can't appreciate the small screens on cell phones...it's a strain.) This is easy to program and comes with all the basics. If you want to add more, you can. I prefer using it as my mobile phone. I am very happy with this purchase.

Its OK, nothing special....It is sometimes a little hard to open up, to answer a call. If you are one of the crazy folks that answer the phone while driving, its not for you. Otherwise its perfectly serviceable.

Unless the thing breaks on two months I am in heaven.  Many delightful things.  It can be used with the assurance program.  The phone I received was tiny, tinny and I couldn't see the grey buttons anyway.  This is lovely. Lots of little extras I haven't even explored yet but I was tickled when I typed in the first three numbers and it told me which state that was.  An incredible buy. There us a small lag when I call long distance but with the old phone no one could hear me as it kept sending broken words and sentences.The price is no indication of the value.

If you don't need a smart phone, this is a very good one.  Battery life is not great, otherwise very good.

I bought these for my retired parents that don't text or use internet on their phones. Virgin mobile $30 a month plan and these phones are great for a basic form of communication. These phones have been put through a lot of use by my parents are are still working strong.

Basic cellphone that works, good battery life, easy to hear! ------9-10!Nothing else to ad! Enough already three, two, one

This phone arrived promptly but simply does not turn on. The only screen that appears is one telling me the battery is charging but in spite of carefully following the directions in the manual,it refuses to turn on.The screen remains blank. I have contacted Virgim Mobil,and they attempted to help, but the the phone does not work. period.

I received my Samsung Entro today and I love it. The phone is extremely basic but I knew this when I ordered it. $15 for a brand new phone is incredible and I am also using the $20 a month plan currently. I wanted just a basic phone for now where I could just be able to use it as a watch, an alarm clock, and just simply for calls and emergencies. I work in a warehouse where I have computer access, and I have a laptop as well that I can use for anything else. Again, if you just need a phone this is an amazing deal and Virgin Mobile service has always been great for me. I would highly recommend this phone to someone who just wants a phone for a phone. The screen is bright and clear, the speakerphone is extremely loud, and the battery life is very good. There is still some people out there who aren't glued to their phone all day and don't have an obsession and I am one of them. And I am 26 by the way. The $20 a month plan will cost me roughly $240 a year in cell phone service which is a no brainer. Sure the Verzion iphone 5 users who pay $80+ a month will be laughing at my flip phone but hey I will be laughing at the $720+ a year I am saving in bills. Highly recommended.

I don't use cellphones that often anymore. I use virgin mobiles pay low plan. 400 minutes for 20 bucks a month but i have to use one of five phones that they select. I had first bought a Kyocera S2100 but it broke pretty fast. Not wanting to keep buying s***y phones i went with the samsung because it seemed more duragble and it wasn't a Kyocera. Its not the best phone to use but it has good battery life and it hasn't broke yet. Overall its not as good as my 10 year old Nokia that i still have saved but is still a pretty solid phone especially for the price

For those of you who just want a phone that's soul purpose is just to be a phone and nothing else, you cannot go wrong with the Samsung Entro for Virgin Mobile. It's simple, affordable, and just does what a phone should do. Basic communication. Being an ex-smartphone user for almost four years, it's very nice not having the internet tethered to me, 24/7. The plans are at a great, affordable price ($30 for 1500 minutes and 1500 texts) and this phone is covered by Sprint's nationwide cellular network making voice communication excellent in my area. The battery almost triples from what I've gotten with my smartphones, making me charge this phone three times total within the last month. The speakerphone is surprisingly loud and clear and the overall build quality rivals those of a $45 dollar basic phone. Bottom line: this is the perfect phone if you want to have a phone and nothing else. I highly recommend this product!

I really wanted a flip, I now can answer with just a flip and no more but dailing. thank you

I didn't realize when I purchased the item that I would have to make two different phone calls in order to use the phonehad to disconnect the old phone number that was a joint to this phone

this phone is just ok, It doens't do everything I wanted it tot do. But oh well I guess.  :)

The battery doesn't last long. I use the the $20/month plan but I'm trying to figure out how to install the 20 cents a minute. I don't like the buttons or the sound quality but it will make a call. This is a second phone so i'm not that concerned about it.

love this phone just what i have been looking for i think i will tell more people about this great deal too

This was a replacement phone for my mom. It worked OK and was easy enough for her to use. However, it has a very tight fitting clam shell cover. Mom had a lot of trouble opening it up when it would ring, and actually pinched her fingers a few times when closing it.

I'm a simple man, with simple likes.  This phone is perfect for me.  Everybody I know, including my children, sport &#34;smart phones.&#34;  I call this my &#34;dumb phone&#34;.  I can receive and make calls; find out what my balance is (no binding contract, here) and if I feel daring, I can take a picture.  I don't text, I could connect to the internet on it if I wanted to, but I choose not to.  So, I guess what I'm saying is if you want a servicable cell phone with few bells and whistles that you can top-off on a regular basis and pay as you go. this is the phone for you - and me!,

Needed a work phone, nothing more. It works like it should. That's all I really have to say about this phone.

I bought to use with ting.  Calling and messaging work fine after some, uh, adjustments -- ting folks can give guidance -- but the web access does not work with ting.For basic functionality at such a price, I've no serious complaints.(A non-serious complaint is that the ring tones all sound too mellow to my ear.  Although I'm sure this is good for the well-being of innocent nearby strangers.)

The phone arrived on the date provided from the tracking website. It was in the conditioned stated on the Amazon website. And my son was happy. My total overall experience was wonderful:)

I downgraded from a $200 smart phone for this $10 piece of charcoal and I like it more. I think that's enough said. If you aren't looking for something fancy and only make a few phone calls a month, this is a very good phone which offers a decent sound quality for speaking and receiving.

This is an ok phone, but doesn't have features I am looking for,  its hard to text,keep backing up to retype. can't hear it ring when I get calls. its outdated phone, but can use it to talk only.

This is a Awesome & Great Small Cell Phone I Transfered My Active Net 10 Cell Phone Number Too Virgin Mobile on Friday & I Put The $20 Pay Lo Plan & I if I Want Text Messaging I Need Too Just Add $10 More Too it So Right Now I Can Just Make Calls & Recive Them Too I am a New Virgin Mobile Customer & Fan This Was My First Time Joining Virgin Mobile With Already 281 Million Customers Nationwide & Net 10 Has 200 Million 3 Companies Trafone Net 10 & Straight Talk & I am Gald I Joined Virgin Mobile It Was a Easy Set Up Process it is Better Joining if You Have a Good Cell Number From Another Company Too Get Better & Great Experience With Service's Virgin Mobile is Awesome They Rock There The #2 Best Cell Phone Provider in The World & There Customer Service is Graet They Have English & Spanish Empolyees in Case People Need Them There Only Open From 4 am-9 PM Sunday-Saturday 7 Days a Week.

bought this for our small grandson to communicate with his parents - he just needed phone service and texting ability - phone is slim and light weight - fits well in his pocket or backpack

Very good clarity for the price. I would recommend this to anyone. Easy to activate and use. Virgin has a good range.

Got one of these to replace an old UTStarcom Slice whose battery died. This was due to the fact that this phone is cheaper than a new battery, which was probably the first warning sign that it was a bad idea. Not to be confused with the other Samsung handset of the same name, this is the new ultra-low end handset in the Virgin Mobile PayLo lineup. The PayLo plans and phones are meant for those who really just make calls, and this thing only does that. It's an okay emergency phone and is super cheap. It has good battery life and is obviously quite tough. However, there's a reason it can be sold for such a low price: this is essentially a 8 year old Samsung basic handset on a new production run.Feature-wise, this handset has nothing. I really mean nothing. You can make calls, have an alarm clock, and store a (limited) number of contacts. It's so weak that the web browser now shows 'Insufficient memory to run browser' whenever it tries to launch- even just to check balance or top up! And no, there's nothing installed on the handset... not like you could put anything worthwhile on it to begin with. This is also one of the few phones available anywhere that doesn't even have a VGA camera and has a 128x160 screen. Lastly, you would think it'd at least be small but it isn't! It is quite light and not that tall or wide, but it's fat. Really fat- fatter than the old Samsung Mantra and LG Flare that VM used to sell (the latter of which was a better device, and it's hilarious I'm saying that about a rock-bottom 5 year old handset in comparison to a 'new' one). This thing will make your pocket bulge for sure.Unfortunately, the Entro is the only clamshell available now under PayLo. However, if you can at all stand a bar I strongly recommend any of the other devices in the lineup. Seriously, they're not THAT much more expensive and you get what you pay for... the Entro costs close to nothing and you really get nothing.Pros:CheapCons:FatNo features at allCan't even check balance or top up

Very satisfied, what can I say!?  Just goes to show you that you don'tneed to spend lots of money just to talk on the phone!

A no frills phone but it works for parents or technology deficient people. Set up was easy and takes about a 10 minute phone call with Virgin to work it all out.Tools needed: Need another phone to call Virigin to set up phone

I really like this phone, it works great unless it's on speaker, but I use headset to avoid that. The charge lasts me for days (I don't use it too much). Maybe that's why I can't find a good plan. Summary great phone bad plans.

good little phone, don't have many thing to it, like a camera, or Bluetooth, so it's don't a good hands free phone, but if you don't need all the other stuff should be a ok phone

Great customer service. Very happy with the way they have handled it. Worked out in the end for both parties. Excellent communication and services.

Phone works OK it's amazon.com that screwed me out of a $20 gift card that was to come with phone

It does have only several basic functions of the cellphone.It's cheap and simple, but excellent!Quality of the Virgin Mobile is also good.

perfect little simple phone. I would recommend this to anyone who needs something simple but effective. Who needs a smart phone.

Good item for the person that I bought the phone for since it's hard for him to use an android or an iPhone

Live in Mexico. Travelling to USA soon and want basic phone so planned to buy this and then phone credit (versus plan since I am only in Seattle 2 1/2 weeks). Where do I get phone credit?ThanksDaniela
