
I bought this for my husband he's a no frills kind of a guy. He is so pleased with his new jitterbug phone, coming from the LG Esteem, I know but not everyone likes all the bells and whistles. That's why this one is just perfect for anyone who wants  a phone that handles the basics with more options as they are warranted and can have more if they want. Finaly my husband loves the  jitterbug and he is happy with the  choice I made for him.

There was no where to put in a sim card so I had to get a completely different phone just 2 days before Xmas!  I was very disappointed and won't ever recommend it to anyone.

This worked very well for my 90 year old dad.  The only negative thing I can say is the volume needs to be a little louder.  Glad I bought it!

Too much effort need to keep phone number and change provider. Wish it had been made cleared in the promotional material what was required to change an existing phone number to Jutterbug.

The Jitterbug is all as was advertised. It is simple to use, easy to navigate with the simple prompts, and just the right size, fitting nicely in your pocket or purse. My wife had trouble using an older phone, eventhough she carried it for 5 or 6 years. Now, she is having no trouble with the Jitterbug. It is so easy to use, she seems to want to make calls to friends and relatives. The simple 'Yes/No' buttons is 'Genius'! And, the large keys are easy to see. We are surely satisfied with it!

I contacted GreatCall to make sure they would activate a refurbished/used phone.  They said yes, but it would be problematic if there was an unpaid balance attached to the phone.  There was not, and the phone was in great condition, even though clearly the box had been opened.

I assisted my 81 year old brother with the purchase of this phone and the switch from T-Mobile. He's at a stage in his life where even menial tasks are becoming too complicated. This phone with its large bright screen, simple keypad layout, and higher volume speaker than most other brands is perfect for him. The folks at Great Call (the wireless carrier for the Jitterbug phone) have been very helpful with the transition. I followed the recommendation of another Jitterbug rater and had myself added to my brother's account to act as facilitator.

It's easy to set up and has an easily read screen. Nice smooth and light feel. Will recommend to friends

Would have been a great phone if we were able to use a sims card.  Would have been nice to know in the description that it did not use a sims card.  Other than that it was just what we were looking for but had to send back because of no sims card.  :(

The Jitterbug phone is easy to use and does what it says.  The phone seems to need re-charging quite often.  Their web site is baffling.  I have sent them three emails and have called twice and still can't access my email account.

While the phone worked just fine, my decision to buy it was partly based on service costs. The $14.99 a month was acceptable as was the $35 activation fee. However, actual charges are not revealed until they bill your credit card.The activation fee was actually $39.23 and that $14.99 a month turned out to be $18.76. So base your decision on actual costs. I returned mine and lost first months and activation fees.I decided on the &#34;Big Easy&#34; from Tracfone. For just under $50 I received over 1 year of service and over 400 minutes. Works great.

It is all right for someone.  I am used to another cell phone type and find that this was not appealing to me with some of the ways the features worked.  I sent it back in a little over a week and received the refund.  The shipping and contact with the company were all satisfactory.  I just did not care for the way is operated.

It was my understanding that this would be supported by Verizon.. so we got the phone and it is not... hope I can send it back.  If on a contract (like us) it is $175 to get off.  Have enough trouble trying to outfit older parents with a useable phone.

I do like the clear speech that this little phone delivers, but I am very disappointed that I cannot use it while at our South Texas ranch.  I feel the carrier, Verizon, is partly at fault as several of my friends are able to use their phones at our ranch if their carrier is AT&T.  Granted, we live in a hard-to-reach area, and although the phone shows that we are getting a weak signal, "No Service" appears on the screen when I try to make a call.  The personel with whom I dealt at Great Call, the owner of Jitterbug, were all very nice and as "a little old lady," I appreciated their patience very much.

Unable to use with my service (Verizon).  Customer service was very nice so long as I open an account under the Jitterbug phone service.  I live in Texas, I do not know if this applies to all states.  My mother was really excited to receive, but I pay the cell phone service.  Cannot afford this service and that service.  I even told the Jitterbug customer service that they need to allow to link to any cell phone company.  Disappointed

These phones are supposed to be geared for the elder set. I got it for my Mom, but ended up returning it. The phone itself is too small, particularly the numbers. Would like to see a new version that is more user friendly for the elderly.

I bought this phone because I thought that it would be a good option for my brother who has problems with his motor skills and has had issues with holding and dialing his current phone. he tried to handle the phone but still had difficulty with it. He has Verizon and they would not service this phone. I returned it.

My dad is smart but phones have been a struggle. We have tried about 5 different ones and a couple of different carriers. He LOVES this phone. So easy to use, he wears two hearing aids but can finally hear on this phone, and was even snapping pictures with it! A total first! Very pleased with the customer service and call coverage and quality and I live in florida where coverage can be a struggle, go for it!!!

I did order the car charger as it was not clear that it was inclluded with the phone.  otherwise it is a great phone...easy to use

The volume is not as loud as I would like.  Its still difficult to hear.  But I do like the larger number pad and easy access to my voicemail.

I got this for my Mom who has never been able to text or send pictures and she loves it and the phone reception from one state to another is great!

My mother, who is &#34;up&#34; in the age bracket, needed a cell phone for her winter stay in California.  We purchased this particular phone because of the ease with which my mother could use it.  She is visually impaired so, the phone needed to be simple because she memorizes where things are.  It came in so handy on her stay in CA that she kept the phone active when she returned home.

I should have checked this out before purchasing.  It was purchased for a 91 spunky lady but has some difficulty recalling long instructions.  We sent up VOICE DIAL but there were many commands to get to it.  You could not set VOICE DIAL as default to come up first.  Another thing, when the you VOICE DIAL, the "phone" ask it that who you really want to call,  you have to wait for a beep before saying yes.  The beep is very faint and no way an older person could hear it so that makes the VOICE DIAL feature not easy to use.  The phone is similar to most flip phones but does has larger numbers in which to see.This phone came was FREE SHIPPING, but we paid extra to have it delivered by a certain day; it was not delivered until after our deadline.

Very simple phone, easy to use.  Comes with some features we actually don't need, but still is a good-looking product and I had no problem setting it up for Mom's use.

easy to use, simple choices, acceptable speaker quality, well lighted and easy to read, a phone that's perfect for non-sophisticated use

I like the simplicity of the phone.  However, since it's used, it was not possible to transfer my current cell number to it.

The phone is easy for my mother-in-law to use. Large numbers and the extra service for emergency call help works. Wish Jitterbuy would add some simple text messaging.

I purchased this phone for my 86 Aunt because she couldn't see the buttons on that little Virgin mobile phone... she couldn't make calls or answer them...So NOW the whole family is a lot more happier with her New JITTERBUG

I purchased this directly from GreatCall.  I would recommend that you purchase this from Amazon or another dealer in case you need to return it for a refund.  I had to return my phone because the battery did not hold a charge.  I only made 2 short calls.  The charge dropped quickly.  I had charged it for 12 hours and they claim the battery was very long lasting.  I charged it again and once again it plummeted rapidly and I didn't make any calls.  It is a nice looking phone and I liked that the date and time showed up on the phone and the big buttons.  They offered to replace the battery but I decided it was a little bulky in my pocket and I also felt I needed to depend on it more and did not want to wait for another battery.  It has taken quite awhile to get my refund.  I lost out on the $35 setup charge and the postage, plus I paid $99 for it(it is cheaper here at Amazon).  They received it back on the 5th of November and to date (11/28) still do not have total refund (phone and first month's payment), although they tell me it is coming. I went back to TracFone as have had that service for many years with no problems and they now have a big button phone.

Real good basic phone. Has great battery life, easy to hear and large nos. to key & see.The camera is not very good, but I only wanted a phone. My previous phone was a smartPhone had lots of features but was expensive to own. It was hard to hear and see outside.I recommend this phone to anyone that I looking for a basic phone.

This phone is very sturdy and good looking.  I would recommend going with the red and the only complaint I have about it is the lack of ring tones and I wish the battery indicator was on the display instead of having to access phone info.  If not for these two very minor things I would have rated this a 5.

Once it is setup it does well, the personnel for Jitterbug were friendly and helpful but lacking in thorough knowledge of their product. It took two days of back and forth to get all the issues worked out

DO NOT believe Great Call when you order the service that all you need to do is call to cancel services!!. My father in law's account was in his name BUT my ( dau in law) bank account was debited each month. Great Call would not let me cancel when I called to cancel. I was told it needed a letter signed by my f in l. I sent (mail and fax) letters that were signed by my father in law (per the company policy to stop the service). Great Call denies every getting the letter and never stopped the service until my debit card was no longer able to be debited for the monthly payment.  My father in law, who gets confused made several phone calls since November when I requested to end service.  Great CAll is now sending the bill to collection of non payment. They never acknowledged receiving the letters and claim since the phone was used, we OWE the balance. BEWARE before you sign up. If the person dies on contract you will need a death certificate no doubt.Signed, Disgusted with this Service OrganizationPS FYI-- the volume is not loud enough on the ringer to be heard by anyone hard of hearing...like we were told it would be.

I just wanted a phone in my car for emergencies....and this is perfect for my needs. Easy to see...easy to use. No frills but I didn't want any! Perfect!

I LOVE MY JITTERBUG. THIS IS MY SECOND JITTERBUG. I GOT THE JITTERBUG PLUS BECAUSE IT HAS EXTRA FEATURES SUCH AS PHOTO TAKING  ETC. GOOD PRODUCT --GOOD SERVICE AND A VERY REASONABLE PRICE FOR THE PHONE AND THE SERVICE!!!JOAN MILLERIRONTON ,,OHIO

Easy to use, large buttons.Activation was easy and updates are sent regularly.Phonebook is easy for first time users.  Battery last for a long time.

PHONE IS GREAT BUT -- ACTIVATION PROCESS WAS VERY CUMBERSOME.  I HAD TO CALL TECH SUPPORT THREE TIMES BEFORE FINALLY &#34;ACTIVATED&#34;.

Great phone with large buttons that are easy to use. I already had a red one and got this for my husband.

My husband really loves this phone because of the large numbers and large buttons.  He needs his glasses to see close, so this phone is a big improvement over the one he had.  The large buttons help him when he dials up as well.  He loves the ease of the flip phone too.  This phone is a winner!

I bought this for a relative in hopes of getting an easy solution to communicate.1.  The ring isn't very loud AT ALL.  I can barely hear it on highest volume.2.  It's a pain in the ass to activate  (the online activation didn't work, and the imbecile I had to work with on the phone was horrible, but nice)3.  It's not intuitive at all.  You have to read the book; no time for that.I think they are sucking seniors in with their advertising.  The only redeeming feature appears to be the large text.  Which isn't exactly what I needed.Returning to Amazon.

My wife, who is prone to falling, loves this and wears it on a lanyard wear ever she goes. You can use it as a simple phone or (and better) you can add the emergency service which is very complete and highly detailed for about $15.00 a month. Very nice customer service people. My wife feels safer and I feel safer knowing she can summon help when I'm not there (the phone's GPS will pinpoint her location if she can't).

I am a senior and my kids thought I should have this phone versus the one I had because it had large nos. that part is great, I do not text etc just use it for emergencies and a call if outside my home and need to call my family. I use it very little do not even know my no. However those 50 mins get used up darn fast and I am always charged 35 pr min extra so not too happy about that. I am going to see if there is another phone w large nos out there that gives more min. I know you can purchase a more expensive plan but everything is extra and adds up quickly when on a fixed budget. I may go back on my daughter's plan for 10.00 pr month w unlimited calls if I can find a phone w big nos.

The numbers are easy to read and it is quite easy to turn off.The screen is alsoof a good size to be very legible.

My mother in law has been on my cell phone plan for years.  She always complains about not being able to see the screen or being able to see the numbers on the pad.  She definitely does not know how to use the phone if it has to many extra features.  I bought this phone for her to see if if would be easier for her to use.  Once I set it up for her she could use it instantly with no problems.  She doesn't even need her reading glasses to see the screen or the key pad.She even enjoys the camera.  She is always taking pictures with it.  I do have to help her with any of the pictures online because she is not computer literate.The only suggestion I have is if you purchase this for a person who has difficulty with had complex business, please set this phone up for them.This phone has been a blessing.

The phone I ordered must've been one of those &#34;rare&#34; cases where the phone takes hours to activate instead of the &#34;up to 30 minutes.&#34;  I ordered this phone for my 80 year old grandparents in case of emergency and after one day they are able to use it without difficulty, easy to read and big buttons.

I am not a "senior" yet but the the attraction to me was USA customer service, ease of use and price.  I purchased mine at Best Buy and not Amazon.  Amazon would have been cheaper but I wanted to see it first so I it bought at a retail store.  What I did was first was turn off texting.  I want a simple phone like we had in the 80's.  Not the old brick but a flip.  The old Motorola razor I think was the best flip I ever had.  I have an iPhone for work.  I hate it. All I want is a phone.  If it is important to call then call.  Don't text me.  Call me old school but a mobile phone is a mobile phone.  I priced others phones as well.  Ntelos, AT&T, Verizon, Trac all prepaid. I don't talk a lot and I like the fact that my minutes do roll over.  I am going to call and see how long they stay on but I thought the sales person said longer than 60 days before they fall off.  I have voice mail which is an extra 3 dollars a month.  My bill is 24 dollars a month for 200 minutes and voice mail.  The ease of the phone is great.  The only down side is that if you want to add phone numbers you have to do it one at a time on a website or on the phone directly.  I suggested an upload feature so kids of seniors can upload the family list, doctors, and friends for their mom and dad that have a phone.  All in all, I am one month into the use of the phone and I recommend the phone.  If in the future I find it less than 5 stars I will post again.

Holds a charge for at least 72 hours. easy to use and read. nice big buttons. Nice big letters to read.

Note that you will need to activate the phone. You will need to charge this phone up before doing the activation. The activation took us about an hour as the phone had to update itself 10+ times.  Yes, the customer representative said that that was normal for first time activation.  I suspect it was doing incremental updates. In all it took about an hour.  The support line was pleasant and they knew what to do for new users.

Jitterbug has sold out to the desire of the folks who apparently like to have their entire lives embedded in a cell phone. I'm sure I speak for hundreds of thousands when I say that Jitterbug's original premise was terrific:  a small, big numbers cell phone that was only a telephone. Jitterbug now services the earlier generations of their phones, but no longer sells them.  In my view the company is ignoring a large market by not offering a high quality version of the original; I'd be happy to buy two.The Jitterbug Plus is a) too large and heavy for my taste, b) has features I neither want nor need, and c) it's unnecessary; many other phones offer as much and more for less money and cheaper plans.  I just want a new and improved original Jitterbug (better quality, range, etc.).

had it a days and so far alll positive,easier to see and set up, good to havea cell phone i can use

I got this phone for my mom.  New smart phones are too much for her and all she needs is a simple phone, so this seemed like a good alternative.  The phone is good, the service is good, the price is great on both.  The only thing I would change on this phone is the volume.  I wish I could make the speaker and the ringer louder than it's current maximum setting.  My mother has a hard time hearing it, which is kind of to be expected, but even I have missed hearing it, too.

Phone doesn't ring loud enough even set at highest setting.  Speaker not loud enough.  (Yes, I have excellent hearing)  The provider keeps dropping numbers I have keyed into the phone.

This phone does everything I wanted it for.  I like it because it is so easy to use, you can't make a mistake and doesn't have things I didn't want.  I would recommend this for senior citizens and those who have a vision or hearing problem.

My Mother lives in the country and still drives to church and the store on her own.This phone was easy enough for her to use and gives us all a feeling of relief knowing she could contact one of us should her car stop and she need help at any time.

THIS CELL PHONE IS VERY EASY TO OPERATE.  IT'S NUMBERS AND LETTERS ARE LARGE SO THAT THE OLDER GENERATION CAN EASILY READ THEM.  THE EASE OF USE IS OUTSTANDING.  THERE ARE NO CONFUSING BELLS AND WHISTLES LIKE SO MANY OF THE PHONE SYSTEMS HAVE ON THEIR PRODUCTS.

My dad enjoys his Jitterbug. The numbers are big enough for him and its easy to use. I'm pleased with this purchase.

The phone works well and seems to be of high quality and is EXTREMELY easy to use. I was worried about that because I'm an old dog, not interested in learning new tricks, but beware. No matter what they say in the ads, this puppy is going to cost you between $18 and $19 a month to operate. That's not bad, but it's not the $9.95 per they advertise.

Ordered a cell phone and unfortunately the package sticker arrived on time but it was not attached to the phone package. It was not the vendor's fault, but they quickly resolved my issue and I was able to reorder new phone. I appreciate their timeliness of resolution and would use in the future.

Our 97 year old technophobe hated the phone (too many bells and whistles), hated it more (cost $3 month for voice mail), and then yelled when we went to send it back.  The change was due to several very patient and calm tech support people who spent a lot of time explaining and teaching.Yes, the phone is easy (for us) to use and has great coverage from Verizon, but the people supporting the product made all the difference.

Got this for my mom, who needed something basic. Seems to be doing fine so far.  I like the ability to add numbers from my desktop, ad have them sync o the pone.  Customer service has been good so far. Be sure to list yourself as a person with access to the account, should you need to contact them.  Voicemail is an extra charge each month.  However, minutes can roll over, but you have to call and change that , as opposed to just doing it over the Internet.  I also like the fact that it has a loop for a lanyard, which I purchased through Amazon separately(the Amzer detachable phone neck lanyard).

I especially like the long battery It is perfect for my needs. Am 88 and am not up to using I phones and such.I especially like the long battery life.

Customer service is terrible. I was lied to several times about credits to my account. It was difficult to cancel service. They kept trying to talk me out of canceling by offering me credits, but then didn't really give me the credits. My final bill was three times as much as they said it would be. Stay away and save yourself a lot of exasperation. The phone itself had poor reception even though I live in a highly populated area. I frequently could not hear much of the conversation. I had to get another phone because it was too unreliable.

This appears to be a very nice phone; however, the battery will not hold a charge for more than a couple of days&#8212;and that's with making only one call of less than a minute. Glad I bought from Amazon, as I'd still be wrangling with Great Call regarding return of the phone itself.Great Call is a whole 'nuther issue. Because I could have saved $10 by activating my phone online, I tried. After almost an hour, I had to call their customer support people. So much for my $10 discount. From there it was only downhill, taking another 5 hours to get the phone activated.As I am returning the phone to Amazon, I also called Great Call to cancel the service. The activation fee of $35 was actually $41 + change by the time you add a million taxes that they don't tell you about up front. The monthly fee of $14.99 is, in reality, just shy of $20 by the time you add another bunch of taxes that they also don't tell you about up front. Having used the service for less than one month, I asked for credit for the unused portion. Not from Great Call! My service on a phone that is unreliable will (of course) be continued until the end of the first month's service.Here's the real zinger: The agent I spoke with at Great Call tried to convince me to return the phone to them, not to Amazon, from whom I had purchased it. Hint: read the Great Call reviews online.The only positive part of this whole scenario was in my dealings with Amazon. You guys rock!

i expected more features......alarm clock, calculator and the ability to enter the first letter of a person's name than scrolling to find it

Chose phone for my 99 year old mother. Easy to use and large, easy to read screen. Volume isn't as loud as previous Verizon phone though.

I bought this for a stroke patient with severe speech disability and cognitive dysfunction that is severe enough to make it difficult for him to use a normal phone,  I like the 5-StarUrgent response option that comes with this phone.  I input a phone book and set up his medical history online.  It was easy to do.  I tested it, and he was able to get in touch with me or others that were  added to the phone book (including Urgent Care).  They have access to his medical files and will be aware of his speech disability. Even though he can't speak very well (other than yes or no), if necessary - we will be able to find him via GPS ... This solved a huge worry for us. Highly recommended for the elderly and disabled.

as the paperwork including instructions has disappeared, lost, whatever have not use it, the phone looks nice, thoughPlease ssend instruction to Mary Gillogley  772 capricorn circle  fairfield ca 94533

Bought it for my husband, he loves it! It is his first cell phone and is easy for him to use and easy for him to see.

it was advertised to have bigger print on the screen. the only thing that is bigger is the numbers, which dose no good if the name cant be seen. it dosent hold a charge for as long as it is advertised for either.

Easy to use, good size, clear sound.It doesn't ring as loud as i would likeI would recoment to a friend

Watch out though - every time we call customer service, who are all very pleasant and helpful, they all try to sell you something or try to get you to add some new service.  Seems like every customer service call turns into a solicitation.  Good thing the customer service calls are not charged to the monthly minutes.  BUT, every call to the operator is an automatic 5-minutes in addition to the minutes used.  The phone is great, easy to maneuver, and perfect for my mom.

bought this phone for my mother (90 years old) after a not so good experience with another &#34;simple&#34; phone - Just5.The Jitterbug is very nicely designed and less confusing than normal cell phones. When a call come in, open it and speak, not buttons to push. Placing calls and other functions also easy.Uses the Verizon network, which worked better than the Just5 on AT&T;.

My present phone was too complex.So I decided to change to the Jitterbug phone.The phone is easy to use and costs less.

I recommend this phone for older folks or less tech-happy people.  If you don't need a smart phone, this is a good deal....low monthly rate and  carrier uses reliable verizon network.  My mom has used it a lot more than I thought she would...it was originally meant as an &#34;emergency&#34; phone, and ended up as a convenience phone.  i'm glad she likes it.

Even though I bought the phone only 5months ago it will not hold a charge more than a few hours. Since I cannot return it I will have to pay for a replacement. Very disappointing product!

I tried it, didn't like it, and cancelled after about two months.  When you get the service, you have to take a set plan, because if you call and get a different am't. of minutes, you get questioned why you are changing your amt's.  I called to lower my monthly minutes and was questioned why??  Why less minutes, is is used for business or pleasure, etc...,I told them to lower the am't and was told it would be taken care of, but the rudeness of the rep changed my mind.  I called the next day and cancelled.  I ported to another company prior to cancelling, of course,  and began using the new carrier almost immediately.  I learned that Great Call had not cancelled my service and the line was still open to use.  They wouldn't close it out until they heard from my new service, so I called the new service about it.  I got an email from Great Call that the 39 minutes used would be billed at the full month service of $40.90.

Easy for her to use and has shown good battery life. It was an excellent purchase and I would recommend it for a senior citizen

Aunt is 86 years old, poor eyesight and she dislikes new phones full of apps. In her own words; &#34;a phone is an apparatus to make phone calls&#34;. So, this phone is a great answer to her complaints about font size and easiness to use. Having a dial tone as she opens the phone is extremely helpful. She can actually see the numbers and names on the screen. She is satisfied and happy with her easy to use &#34;apparatus&#34;. Thanks Jitterbug and amazon.

This may be a great product for all I know. I ordered it for my elderly mother, based on good reviews, but she passed the day after I ordered it. I planned to return it when it arrived but there was no paperwork at all! When I bought it I didn't realize/didn't register with me that the order was only being fulfilled by Amazon, not actually from Amazon. With no paperwork included, there doesn't seem to be a way to return it to get the money back.

The Jitterbug Cell Phone does what it promises to do, the number buttons are easy to see and press, the directory is simple, sending and getting brief text messages is OK. And best of all you can call an human operator and get the answers and help you need. If you need a phone without all the bells and whistles get this one. One added bonus at the discounted Amazon price, not worth getting the four dollar plus a month replacement insurance from Jitterbug.

I am glad I made the decision to purchase the Jitterbug Plus..with a long time before recharging the battery and no contract as well.

I bought this for my grandma in another state and she seems to really like it; it's big enough and all of that. HOWEVER, the service options are really lame - you have to get the $80/month plan just for text messages otherwise you pay by text! That's kind of a racket. So if you're okay with bare bones plans, the phone is okay. It has a camera, but then again, you have to pay by message to send picture messages.

I love my &#34;Jitterbug&#34; 'phone. It is a nice & comfortable size to hold & use. And I just LOVE the fact that it has a dial tone! Also, the cost of using it is reasonable.

i bought the jitterbug for its larger size,thus larger number buttons for my big fingers. i liked the sound also as i have hearing loss.  on my phone i received 3 pictures, none after that and it never would send pictures. i hate paying for a service and it didnt work. i called several times to complain, and i got the same runaround each time:&#34; we are reprogramming some software and we will call you when it is ready&#34;.  it is going on 3 months now, no call and it still doesnt work, so i cancelled my phone and went back to my old cell.

Good quality phone and the customer service at Great Call was excellent to work with. Very satisfied. A great option for someone like me who is not a heavy user to save money.

I am thrilled with my Jitterbug!  I haven't figured out how to punctuate yet on texts but that's my fault. I haven't read the instructions. It is simple, easy to use, doesn't have all those stupid icons and 150 apps I don't even understand.  It makes sense, it's pretty red, I have a lanyard. Which allows me to keep it close but keeps it away from my twin granddaughters!  I wish it had a great big screen like smart phones do but one can't have everything.  Most of all I love the friendly, helpful, PATIENT staff at Great Call. They are awesome and incredible.

Wanted a simple phone, and this is it although Great call would like to sell extras to bump the price of monthly phone bill up to rival a regular cell phone bill.Stick to the basic phone bill and it is worthwhile, but if you want extras , buy a regular phone to get the features you want. Reception at my home location is poor to non existent so can not use at home but I do take it on the road where I can expect to have reception.

For a senior, it's the best phone available.  Clear and easy to read, simple to access.  Thank you so much!

^5 includes better than life line service that can be used anytime or anywhere.  Sturdy phone.  Large easy to see backlit button keypad.  At no extra charge, with the plus, you can give them all medical information, including meds and even vehicle!  If they get flustered, dial 411 and they get help dialing family or friends.  The staff has more training than 911 operators plus they have all the information at hand.  I highly recommend this!

This Cellphone is for ME!I wanted an easy to use, easy to read cellphone, and I got it.  My Jitterbug Plus is the best cellphone I have ever used.  I no longer feel like an old person who can't figure out all this new technology.  I can do everything I need to do; I can use all the applications I wish to use; and I can make changes I wish to make.  My only question is - Why did I wait so long to get a Jitterbug Plus?

How easy this phone is to set up!  The buttons are large and perfect for my father.  Even the process of adding phone numbers to his phone book was simple.  Thank you!  He really struggled with his prior phone as he could not see the numbers easily.  This Jitterbug phone has taken care of this problem.We received the phone in two days and set it up with a limited plan in minutes.  Also, you receive the full printed manual which normally you have to print from the website with other electronics.  This was a nice surprise.  Even though it is not in large print (which would be a good idea for you to have if requested by a customer), I can read it and answer any questions he has with the phone.Highly recommended for anyone wanting a phone with large buttons, a nice camera, and very easy to use.

I got a Jitterbug for my technophobe wife and we will see if it is any more successful than other cell phones have been.  Samsung quality looks ok. The numbers and text are big. Petty complaint ... the amazon ad said voice mail was included in the plans and it is a $3 charge on some and included in others.  Service ... we will see.  Setup is a bit misleading.  directions tell you to pull the back off and install the battery.  After some mighty struggle i finally got the back off to discover the battery was already installed. Following the setup instructions beyond that is really just a test of patience.  It really does take close to half an hour to go through the many, many shutdowns and restarts so bring a good book to the party.

The phone is good. You can't set up your account entirely on line. It involves a couple of calls to customer service. The buttons and screen are easy to see. I bought it for better call sound, but it isn't any better than my other cheap phone. Plans are cheap but voice mail is extra and you can't send even one text message without adding a texting package.

My wife had been using my old iPhone 4 but had trouble getting the hang of it and wanted something simpler.  I saw the Jitterbug add on TV and brought it at Amazon.  It went into service on 4/18 and we have had to charge the battery twice in a week.  We live near the Sarasota Bradenton airport and have never had cell issues before although the service inside the house is low but works.  Their answer to our problem was that the phone was trying to find a tower all the time and that was what was driving the battery down.  When I started the service they told me not to turn the phone off that the battery holds its charge better if it is on all the time.Since we moved here we have used Sprint, Tracfone, and various Verizon phones including prepaid and iPhones with what I would call normal battery life.  I think it is the battery but they want $35 for a new one and claim you can't just buy the Samsung version because their battery is specially made for Jitterbug.My wife loves the phone so I will probably keep it but will buy another battery and will turn the phone off at night.  I am 74 and was going to get one in a year and a half when my contract with Verizon expires but think I will go back to Tracfone instead of this one.

This phone was purchased as a birthday gift for my husband, a senior citizen with no electronic experience. Our son set it up for him. The operation is not as easy as advertised and has extra costs for additional options. The automatic arrival of silly text messages is also an irritant.

It's easy to use.  Setting it up and understanding the directions was a breeze.  I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in just having a dependable phone.  It does have a camera.

Bought it for my aging mother.  It does not intimidate her.  She quickly learned to use the cell phone to make and receive calls and knows how to summon help by dialing  5 Start if that need ever arises.  She probably won't use the photo capability and doesn't need  anything more than this phone provides.  She is hard of hearing but can hear on this phone without hearing aids.  The cost of the phone and the monthly service is affordable-----what more could she want in a telephone?

I am an old goat who can't seem to get with any cell phone that isn't designed for morons. And this one is perfect.

My father is 84 and has the worst time using a cell phone or hearing out of one, when we got him the jitterbug it was a perfect match. Very simple to use and LOUD speaker which is exactly what he needed.

My mom tried to set this up for herself but it couldn't. I tried to do it but it took 3 phone calls and 1:30 of trouble. Its also a little difficult to get used to. Its a pretty looking phone though.

My 92 year old Mom thinks this is a great phone.., she can hear comfortably with its volume levels and because we set-up the phonebook for her, with one touch she calls whom she wants. Simple is best for her and this phone was well thought out for older folks with less than great vision and hearing. The easily understood 'Yes/No' function buttons are perfect...If someone needs a basic phone with no clever functions or buttons, this is ideal, you can't go wrong...

JITTERBUG PHONE  Have not used it enough yet to know, as  we have been away ever since it arrived.  Just setting it up.

*UPDATE* - continued customer service problems with Great Call causes me to further roll back my recommendation on this phone. This is key because Great Call is the only company you deal with when you own a Jitterbug. Turns out Great Call has been charging me for two phones rather than replacing one with the other. It took 4 phone calls and 4 different reps to get someone to understand the issue and begin to clear it up.  In the meantime Great Call has disabled my online access to my account as it was associated with the previous phone's number, and makes it more difficult to make sense of the overbilling that Great Call has done so far. I've been very patient, but the inability to correct this simple mistake has been maddening to say the least.This is our 2nd Jitterbug, replacing one that was dropped and found the next day after a hard rain. So they aren't waterproof.  ;)  My parents love the simplicity of the Jitterbug and find it very easy to use... these are the same folks who don't know how how to retrieve voicemail or send a text. Just wish coverage in their area (NE PA) was better. Great Call customer service has been pretty good until this phone replacement, but they've started double billing me rather than replace the original phone with this phone.  Multiple calls to Great Call have yet to get a resolution to the issue.  Very frustrating to require so much time and effort to get what should be a simple transaction correctly registered with Great Call.

I needed a phone that was easy to use, inexpensive and audible. Jitterbug is all of that. I am on a very tight  budget, Jitterbug is not expensiver

I bought this phone for my 85 year old mom, for Christmas 2013.  We just paid for the basics, no voicemail even.  She was on my Verizon account.  The operator with GreatCall worked with us to get my mom's Verizon phone number switched to Great Call.  She has not had any problems so far, I was really hesitant at first because of some of the reviews I read.  But I am happy that we went ahead with the Jitterbug.

My wife loves this phone.  It has the basic features that she was looking for: easy to use, simple, reliable.  The best feature is the operator assistance, which is available at the push of a button.  You can talk to a live operator any time, 24/7.  The operator can update your phonebook, place a call to anyone in your phone book or look up a number as if you had called 411.  The operators are always friendly and helpful.  The calling plans are very economical as well.  I'm thinking about getting a second Jitterbug phone for myself.

I bought 2 of the Jitterbug phones to use with my T-Mobile account. When received they could not be used with my account. Actually would w, I really wanted these phones, one for myself and one for my husband. My brother has one and loves it. If at any time this phone could be used with T-Mobile I would buy it again. I returned it immediately and haven't checked to see if I have received credit.ThanksJBK

Big keys, big screen, simple logical controls, low cost, and when I call Great Call the call is instantly answered by a courteous human instead of a computer. I like my Jitterbug and the services it provides.

I have had this phone now for 3 months or so. I have been using cell phones for about 10 years so have some experience behind me. .  What I don't like is that I have missed calls if I'm in a different room than the phone because of the not so loud  ringer volume.....even when it's on max..  Callers to you can only leave a 90 second message before they get cut off. When I have to look through my phone directory to find a name, it takes me take longer then other phones as I  have to scroll through all the names before I come to the one I  want. They are in alphabetical sequence...but...it  still takes longer then I'm used to.  The clarity of  the call is just ok. I could not fit all my  names in this directory as I did with other phones.I have also missed texts because of the  low volume also. If a text is a little long....you won't get any of it.  If you are on a call...you don't get any notification a text came in until you hang up from that call.  I guess  this phone does not have much memory.I have never &#34;dropped a call&#34; and that is a good thing. What I really like  about this phone is the display. Easy to read large numbers that light up. It is also light weight.This phone is simple, but perhaps too simple for me even though  I'm 75 .I chose this phone mostly  because of the good reviews about the provider and the display feature. I am a heavy phone user...for both social  and business. The customer service for the Jitterbug &#34;plan&#34; is pretty good...but...they can't do much about the features  of this particular Samsung made phone.I hope my comments have helped you. I told it from my experience. I live in a big city area of the Midwest.

It is our only cell phone.  I am not pleased with the way to text which takes way too much time to push each button so many times, wish that would improve.  It arrived in a timely fashion

I returned it for credit since I found it was not compatible with my ATT service. There was no fault with the phone. It is recommended as the best to be used with my hearing aids/

Very difficult for a senior to navigate. Not as simple as advertised. My mother was totally frustrated and we had to return when it wouldn't charge.

got it for my mother who had a real hard time with conventional cell phones.  super simple.  although she did misplace the charger, but ordering another was also easy.  :-)

My mom, who is as low-tech as they come, never even used her VCR or answering machine when we bought them. She has used this phone several times, including when her car broke down.  I feel so much better about her ability to stay in touch now.

I like the simplicity of Jitterbug.  We've had it only a short time and so-far-so-good!  We will see over time its real functionality.

I bought this as a Mother's Day gift for my 81-year-old mom. She isn't a technology geek, but wanted to have a cell phone in case she ever needs it. She isn't great about remembering to recharge things, so it's nice that this phone can hold a charge for 27 days! The setup was easy, and the characters on the screen and buttons are nice and big.To get the phone going, you have to call the company or go to their website. I wish I'd gone to the website, because the person who helped me (sounded like a young guy who would rather have been doing something else) wasn't super-professional. You can choose from several levels and select an emergency call service...but for $15/month the phone has 50 minutes of talk time, more than enough for my mom.

This phone is exactly what it is supposed to be: simple, clear sound, clear operation, no confusing features.There are a lot of nice touches here, such as showing your own phone # clearly on the screen during a call,and a big button for speakerphone.There are some misses here also:* The body is a bit on the fat size (though it feels solid)* Menu operations are inexplicably sluggish for such a simple phone.* The external display is not sunlight readable (a monochrome LCD would be far far better... this is not just a phone it is a clock!)* There is no signal strength indicator (except buried under Settings/Phone Info).* Ringer options are poor: we need more different types of tones. The user can't set "vibrate plus ring" for when both mechanisms are better than one.* For Alzheimer's patients "picture address book" would be a great feature.  Snap a picture of a person, associate it with a phone number.* Given the market, the phone should offer to turn text messages into voice mail (for older folks that don't understand texting).* Worst of all: you get "minutes used" rather than "minutes remaining".  Very confusing for a senior.On my unit the camera stopped working.

I dont use a cell phone on a regular basis.  I couldn't see spending close to $50 a month so I found the Jitterbug (now called Great Call phone). I like the red phone.  It has all the things I need, with large numbers which is very helpful.  I did have a problem with the charger cord but since it was under warranty they sent me a new one at no cost.  Easy to get ahold of help if you need it.  It is a pleasure to not have that large cell phone bill and still be able to have an extra phone for emergencies.

An inexpensive option for an emergency cell phone. All the advertised specials ( e.g. 5Star emergency service) are an EXTRA COST. Sound quality is adequate and photo quality not bad. Not able to take videos. Have to E-mail pics to myself not to any Social Sites. But it suits my needs. Large keypad is good. Still it's important to read ALL the instructions to get all you want out of this phone and that may take a while.

My wife and I purchased this phone for her Mom. It is a very good phone for the older person, my mother-in-law is 91 and she can understand how this phone works. Good work.

I received this phone one week ago.  I could not get the voice mail to work.  I called Great Call customer service and was on the phone about 2 hours while the tech tried to get it to work.  I was finally told that they would fix it and they would call me the next day.  They did not fix it and they did not call me back the next day.  So I called them again and they said they just had not got to fixing it yet, but said they would do it and call me back.  It was not fixed and they did not call me back.  So I called again and got the same run around.  The voice mail has still not been fixed after 5 days and they have never called me back.I am a older person with little understanding of cell phones.  I bought this one because it claims to be easy for use for seniors.  I have found that their customer service is just unacceptable.  I would not recommend the Jitterbug phone to others.

It's fun that this new version of Jitterbug does more, but that makes the phone more complex, of course.I bought the phone for my 70 IQ sister, and she needed more training than I expected. She was moving up after having the older, simpler version for years, so I expected her to simply take it and start using it.It's a nice phone, and she loves the red color. She also likes the idea that it has a camera. Now we'll see if she can use that without having me around.

My hubby has vision problems and needed a phone he could actually see to use. This one fits his needs perfectly. The plans have something for everybody. He doesn't use it often so we got a cheaper plan and he is quite happy with it. Now if he could just remember where he left it . . .

So far, good.  Not fond of having to push the buttons so many times to text words, that could improve and still learning to navigate, but all in all  content with it  monthly fee for service a little pricey for seniors

this has been an excellent product of my wife who simply needed a cell phone for emergencies as well as a few minutes a month for communications.  The instructions were excellent and she's very pleased.....if she's pleased, I'm pleased :-)

This is a good, simple phone, with a headset jack that can be used with a telecoil adaptor. However, be aware that the company that provides United States service for the phone, Greatcall, seems to have a policy of high-pressure sales tactics. The phone cannot be used without Greatcall, so it seems pertinent to relate my experience.I talked to Greatcall three times. The first time I called before I'd bought the phone to ask some questions. The support person kept redirecting the conversation into making an immediate sale. After about five minutes of that I had to hang up rather than complete the sale.The second time I called to get the just-purchased phone provisioned. I wanted the simplest/cheapest plan, but the salesman really, really wanted me to buy into the high-priced plans with various service options. It took some work, but I finally got what I needed.Today I called to cancel service, and the support person again started to work as hard as he could to keep me as a customer, or even add on extra-price services. Only when I threatened to go through my credit card company to block their charges did I get the service cancelled.If you are buying this phone for an elderly relative, I would be concerned about letting that relative deal with Greatcall's salespeople; they might get persuaded into ordering more and more expensive features (which can be close to five times as expensive as the basic plan). To avoid that, you might want to maintain control over the phone's account and billing.

I purchased this for my father-in-law who is in a nursing home after researching the best phones for seniors.  I am glad I bought this for him.  It is easy to use and, if he needs help, all he has to do is dial the operator (2 buttons - &#34;0&#34; and &#34;Yes&#34;).  The operator greets him by name and helps him place the call.The online account page is great for managing the phone.  I can keep track of how many minutes he has used and I was able to upgrade the plan to more minutes when I found that he was using the phone more than I expected (which was a happy surprise).I called once with a question about something I read in the user manual and the customer service representative was very good at finding the answer to my question.  He checked with his supervisor and then called technical service to find the answer.I will definitely recommend this to friends and family.

Easy to read and use, all the information is online so that's where you add addresses or delete them and phone numbers, your website to activate could be a little more efficiently run, I had to call 3x but finally success.  The website needs to be checked and made easier.... So far my husband seems to be happy with it...

I wanted &:searched fox an unlocked phone. This phone was not unlocked. It was carried through a company called&#34;great calls&#34; and did not provide service in our area. The entire transaction was a nightmare and had to be unwound. We never were able to use the phone. When I ask for an unlocked phone I expect to be told that I am not receiving what I asked for. Not pleased at all,

I bought this phone for my son who doesn't want to deal with anything complicated.  He finds this works with no problems.

It's exactly what I need for my 86 year old mother. Large illuminated numbers, not too many intimidating/confusing features. She therefore uses it and that was key.

I always have the latest and greatest phone but needed something simple for my 84 year old grandmother. This phone is just what I was looking for and then some. It is very well made, very study and feels like it will hold up for a long time. The displays are very clear and large and most importantly, simple with the minimal amount of text which makes navigating the phone easy. The buttons are have back lighting. There are no extra buttons. On/off, Yes, No, Speaker and up and down arrows. The phone makes it very clear on what you need to do and what buttons to push to navigate the menu, make a call, etc.When you sign up for service, the choices for plans and features have a good variety. They offer quite a variety of services geared toward Seniors but you only pay for what you need or want. There is no contract and you can add or change calling plans with no penalty if you need to. They offer discounts and free minutes on the website if you sign up for automatic billing.Activation is very easy. You can either call or do it on-line. I chose online and during the activation process I was able to create a contact book for her with all the aunties and grand kids numbers. Saved me hours on manual entry. I can still manage her contacts online and upload to her phone remotely. I can also change the order they show up as she navigates the contacts on the phone so she sees the ones she uses most often first.I didn't choose any extra features for her because she is in a skilled nursing facility at this time. When she comes home, I know there are several I plan to add. Many of the features are geared towards seniors still living independently. One I particularly like is the abiliity to setup automated calls on a regular basis. If the phone calls are not answered, they designated contacts will receive notice so they can check up themselves. This service is $4 per month.My grandmother has severe arthritis in her hands with very limited finger mobility. This phone is simple enough for her to use. It was also very simple for me to teach her how to use it. It took less than 10 minutes for her to understand everything. I researched most of the phones geared for seniors before I bought this and I am very happy I choose the Jitterbug Plus. She also loves that it is shiny red.

This is the perfect phone for my mom. It is uncomplicated and well built. She loves that she can easily read the numbers and the volume is perfect.. She was even able to figure out how to take pictures. Thank you for keeping it simple!

Perfect for my mother. Easy to read and use. She just needed a phone when she is driving in case of emergency.

The perfect phone for my parents, purchased this for them for emergencies, they love it great quality, for hearing impaired feature was especially needed , big .number key pad easy to see, and low monthly cost for their security, can't best this phone or price, would highly recommend.

Jitterbug Plus Cell Phone (Silver)I have Macular Degeneration, and need larger type sizes and better contrast than most cell phones offer, so my last effort was the Jitterbug.So far, my expectations have been met. The sound is clear is as the type is, so I'm happy with the performance.keith whaley

I must say I have all ways had good luck with Amazon, BUT when I had a defective purchase [Jitter Bug phone] they charged me a RESTOCKING fee. This is not right. You should stand behind your products, and make your customer whole.  Now if I decided I was not happy with a purchase , then I can see it, maybe. This unscrupulous practice makes me want to buy some where else. What say U.After arguing with some 1 @ amazon for 15 minutes they finally give me a $13. + credit on my next purchase. My concern is does this same policy apply to the hundreds of dollars I have spent with Amazon in the past year, or so. That's the question I would like an answer to. AMAZON ARE YOU LISENING ?

Totally awesome and so easy to activate and set-up! I bought this cell phone forthe wifes glovebox in case of emergency. Turns out she uses it on a daily basis,first time she ever used a cell phone!

This phone is easy to use.  The sound is at least as good as a land line.  Reception is very good in my area and I have not yet experienced dropped calls.

I am a 74 year old man and this is my first cell phone. I am amazed by how much I like this phone. I got rid of my landlline within one week of purchasing the Jitterbug. The phone is so easy to use, I would recommend it for anyone seeking a simple and efficient cell phone.

And my parents say camera is not good, and hard for them to figure out. This is a rating coming from a 71 and 65 Year old parents.

I bought this for my brother in a nursing home. I needed a phone easy to operate with larger numbers and a simple set up to make and answer calls. this really fit the need. I would recommend this to anyone but especially anyone who wants a simple phone and one extremely easy to use.

I am computer literate and cell phone deficient. Great phone for we hearing impaired and visually challenged that don't need lots of bells and whistles, just easy sending and receiving calls.

It is a simple phone!!!! It is a Lower bill each month than the one I had. Thank-you for the quick delivery.

My eighty-something mom, who had previously denounced all cell phones as unusable, really likes this phone (particularly the color, but also the large buttons).  Unfortunately the reception is pretty spotty and it's often hard to hear her - and vice versa.  The set up is easy and the Great Call provider staff are very helpful and nice.  If the network was better I'd give this phone five stars!

This phone is simple to use and is perfecr for an older person.  The phone book is easy to access and the numbers are large enough to see.

Small easily carried ,keys are large easy to add numbers..just a great not acompliated phone, Bells and whistles may be added if desired.

very simple to use..easy to understand...have a little trouble with cell reception in some areas....and the ring tone needs to be louder..but am still pleased with phone

I think the phone is good for the senior citizen that I purchased it for. The only complaint I have is the instructions said to put the battery in, which I did not see and I could not remove the back to check it. I was finally told by my son-in-law that the battery was already in and was the type of phone that did not get a replacement battery but the phone would need replacing. I was annoyed that there was nothing included that explained this.

Fine company, and a good phone. This is the only cell phone I have used that will call from my house! Amazing, as I had Virgin,(Yuk)Sprint (More yuk), Verizon, and they would not function. The company is great to deal with, as there is always a live person to call and speak to. I just used it tonight to speak to a nurse. I highly recommend it.

My wife had been complaining of call volume & clarity with her old Virgin - Samsung phone. Being somewhat technically challenged, she also had problems with the size of button, small screen and a confusing UI. She had seen ads for Jitterbug and was convinced that this was the phone for her. So I surprised her for Christmas by putting one under the tree for her and she has not stopped saying how much she loves it and thanking me. It has so far solved all of her issues. Highly recommended if all you need is a basic high quality phone with dial tone that is easy to use.

The rating speaks for itself!  The only possible thing I might dislike is how heavy it is, but that is no big deal; I'm getting used to it.  I would recommend this item to anyone who asked me.

I have not really had time to use it except for cursary examination of how to info.  I do have a problem in that the enclosed literature said that I would have to install the battery which was supposed to be enclosed.  After a frustrating time thinking that they  forgot to enclose I discovered it was already installed at factory.  Why does one haveto gothrough this?

I just love my Jitterbug.  Right now I am charging it.  Tomorrow I am going to use it.  I am only using it for emergencies.In case I fall or get hurt.  I will use it to call 911.

I want to purchase this phone for my mother.  I already had it in the cart I already know that it is a CDMA phone and can be used on a Verizon Network but I had to really drill down to find out that it can only be used with GreatCalls service.  You would think that they would state that very clearly in the first couple of paragraphs of the listing in order for me to know exactly what I am getting into.  Why would you make that so hazy?E Howard

it runs down fast  but I had one before so I am familiar with it  and I think the other I had had bigger figures on it

Had it for about a month. It's very user-friendly... large easy-to-read numbers & letters; loud speaker phone. Camera is just OK, rather slow, image not very sharp unless the phone is held very still. Customer assistance is excellent. Best for little old ladies, scrunched-up old men, young ladies, young men &#8211; for everyone.

The cell phone was purchased for my 86 year old Mother who has a hearing loss and macular degeneration and now resides in a nursing facility.First, the "salesman" that originally sold it to me over the phone never set up the monthly auto pay from my checking account properly so I kept getting paper bills in the mail for 3 or 4 months.Second, the "HIGH" volume setting of the cell phones ringer as far as being specially designed for "seniors" or the so called "elderly", with any degree of a hearing loss is a joke.. the ringer on HIGH sounds lower than my own cell phone and my Mother never answers the phone because "she can't hear it".Third, the screen size is really not any type of "larger" screen at all.Fourth, the buttons for volume on the side of the cell phone are tiny and not at all conducive visually or tactically to allowing for easy usage by true "Seniors".Fifth, when switched onto speaker phone.... THE VOLUME CANNOT BE RAISED!Sixth, the cell phone has a habit of shutting itself off and can only be turned back on with some ridiculous fix by shutting it off then on again... too much for a sight and hearing impaired "senior".Seventh, my experience with "customer service" has been that it is abysmal, rude operators that constantly try to sell you/upgrade you to more or other "services" that will cost the account owner more money.I have to ask for a supervisor every time I call... which at this point is rarely.In my opinion, this cell phone is not at all well designed for "true Seniors".Perhaps better suited for a 60 year old.

We bought my 93 y/o Father this phone and went with the Great Calls service and it has been so nice for him to answer calls just by opening the phone!  Keypad is perfectly oversized and the display screen is easy to see.  His Parkinson's makes it very difficult to punch a keypad, so this is perfect.  Bought this one for my 96 y/o aunt who loves it!

I bought this phone for a disabled family member. He just could not understand how to use a regular cell phone, menus, Send button, etc. But the Jitterbug Plus has worked out great! The physical phone is nice, but the ease-of-use is really terrific, especially for making and receiving calls (which is all he can handle anyway). Very good battery. He is well covered by Verizon where he lives. I handle all the billing, setup, quite easy on-line. Unlike others, I have had very good response calling Customer Service at GreatCall, questions answered promptly and very nice folks. They do try to sell add-on charges like replacement service, texts, etc, but not a hard sell.My only complaint is the plug for charging the battery. It is a typical USB-like connector, only goes "one-way," and can be difficult for him to get it right. When he has it upside down, he tries to force it, which resulted in a bad connector and now unable to charge. I bought a 2nd phone from Amazon, and Great Call will replace the first one under the 1-year warranty. I'm told the previous generation Jitterbug had a simpler connection for the charger, just a plug that could not be inserted wrong. Wish they'd bring that back, that would warrant Five-Stars!

Great product.  Easy to use and meets all my cell phone needs and expectations.  Customer Service is great and contacts are friendly and helpful.

Ordered phone for wife, it arrived as stated. Set up was very simple and company representative very helpful and knowledgeable. Only two choices must the made to operate phone (YES or NO). User friendly. Also added 5Star option for  disabled wife. Would definitely recommend to all.

I have had a Jitterbug phone for about 5 years.  Overall, I don't have any complaints, but lately, their technical support has fallen down.  Starting a week ago, the online calendar became unavailable.  The problem has continued for this past week.  What is annoying is the run-around I have been getting.  First, they implied it was my problem.  Then a few days when I proved it couldn't be on my end, the story changed to &#34;we are having some website issues, but since today is a holiday, it can't be worked on till tomorrow&#34;.  That was on Monday.  I called again two days later and this time was told the problem was due to site maintenance and there was no estimated time when it would be completed.  Excuse me.  I worked in I.T. for over 35 years, and I had never experienced nor heard of any 'maintenance' lasting a week.  Give me a break.  If the calendar is still unavailable in two days, I will be canceling my service.

Easy to use.  Easy to use.  Easy to use.  I can see it, hear it, and hit the numbers I want.

For those that need the big numbers and a simple phone this works great. It still could be less money and a better monthly rate for seniors.

My mom gave her J series Jitterbug a bath, so I decided to get one of these 'cause it had a camera. She says she likes it better than her old phone. For an elderly parent, this is as good as it gets. A plus is Greatcall's super customer service! The call quality & service area is better than my much more expensive Android phone.

I'm 53 years old and decided that it is time for me to take the cell phone plunge. I first checked out TracPhone and decided that most of their flip phones were on the cheap side plus I did not like the idea of running to their website to buy more minutes, so I ruled them out. Next up was Consumer Cellular. Their rate plans are almost neck and neck with Great Call with some minor differences, but their phones have a lot of negative reviews. Their cheapest flip phone is a Motorola WX416 that sells for $35 and does not even come with an instruction manual or volume control. They have another called the Doro PhoneEasy which is a fairly attractive model with green trim that sells for $60 but almost everyone agrees that this model has charger issues big time that still have not been resolved by Consumer Cellular. When I signed up with Great Call I went with their 700 minutes deal for $30 vs 750 minutes for the same price that Consumer Cellular offers. However, your minutes with CC do not roll over but your minutes from Great Call roll over month to month for up to 60 days. With CC if you go over they charge you .25 a minute with Great Call it is .35 so there are trade offs to be sure. CC has a 4000 minutes plan for $60 a month and Great Call has an Unlimited Minutes Plan for $80 a month. In the end the phone was the deciding factor for me. This is not a cheap phone. It has weight to it and is very solid. I bought mine at Best Buy for $99 and they offered to register and activate it for me at no charge but I passed. I went home and went to their website site and activated it and the whole process took less than 30 minutes. There is a one time activation charge of 35 plus tax that is clearly stated on the box and their website. You can sign up with auto-pay or have a bill sent to you each month, but if you go with auto-pay they credit you $25. The instruction manual is huge and covers any topic you can think of. One last thing, when you charge the phone for the first time, let it charge for 12 hours. After about 2 hours it will say charge complete, but that is for impatient users who can't wait to play with their new toy. Plug it in before you go to bed then when you wake up you will have plenty of power for the activation process. Just follow the instructions either from the manual or the website and you will be fine.

I purchased this for my elderly mother who is not very tech savvy.  She found it easy to use and loves it.  Battery lasts a long time before requiring charging.  As advertised...big numbers, easy to use.  Only draw back in my opinion is limited choice in carrier options...

So far I am pleased with the 2 Jitterbug plus cell phones I purchased in January.(Red and this Silver) However, it doesn't seem quiet right that I paid $94.27 for this silver Jitterbug plus phone January 24th, then the price was reduced before I even had time to get the phone activiated. I love Amazon! But not happy with this!

The phone itself is probably just fine but the reason for my low rating is the fact that I don't have verizon coverage in my area making the phone totally useless. The info map for coverage on the Jitterbug website says the verizon network is in my area, so I ordered the phone from Amazon but when I tried to activate the phone the Jitterbug rep said it wouldn't work where I live. Very disappointed with the Jitterbug company but as I said the phone is probably just fine in itself.

The phone is alright, but in my area not the greatest reception with, wish it was better. Could be better!

Make sure you are additional authorized person on phone if signing up elderly relative. Many online complaints of difficulty stopping service when circumstances of elderly person change. I sat with father and placed call together to set up phone. Operator at Great Call needed to talk to him as well as me to give me authorization to change or discontinue service if need be in the future. Phone is simple and great for hard of hearing individual. Car chargers available. I chose this one because it glows bright blue when charging so he can see it easily,  Motorola Vehicle Power Adapter micro-USB Rapid Rate Charger. Also, non slip plastic cases are available as are leather belt holsters.

Definitely the perfect phone for older people.  Was as easy to work as it promised, very helpful for my dad.

The phone is a gift. They arrange that I pay the bill and the user never sees the bill.They worked with me and the the new user is finding the phone very easy to use.

I like all the easy-to-read features of this cell phone -- clear, large letters on key pad, window cover showing time and date.  And, it's a nice size, not too big, not too small.

Bought this for my grandfather easy to use, easy to see numbers. It is a good buy for older clients that aren't and don't want to be up on the high tech phones.

Grandma is not a techie.  She has never carried a cell phone.  Didn't want one even though it would give her the ability to make calls if she were out and got into trouble... that was our reason for buying it for her.  Big number keys on an ancient, overpriced phone is not a good formula for seniors IMHO

My mother in law was constantly getting confused with her old cell phones.  She didnt know how to answer or make calls so she didnt ever turn it on.  i was very nervous when her car began to have problems and worried for her safety.  She needed something very simple in design and an easy to see display.  We both love this jitterbug phone!

My Mother does not use her cell phone that often - and this is perfect for her.  The larger buttons and easy controls are great for an older person that does not want all the toys on the phone.This is her second Jitterbug phone and both have been great -

I love this phone.  I am still getting use to it and find it easy to use.  It fits well into my hand and so easy to read.  JC

I got this for my mother.  She loves it.  It is very easy to use and the instructions are well written.  The set up was very easy.  I set it up for her over the phone.  Their customer service is amazing and can be reached 24/7.  I am happy that I bought it!

My mom's old Jitterbug was on its last legs so I replaced it with this snazzy red one. It is a slightly updated model, lighter and thinner, but not too different to confuse seniors who appreciate the Jitterbug system. Activation was simple enough, but did take a long time. (My mom lives in a rural area so reception is sketchy.) My mom had no trouble orienting herself with the new phone and was able to use it without have to crack open the intimidating owner's manual. The Jitterbug customer service staff are trained well and are friendly and patient with user requests.

mom does not use it much but works well for her arthritis hands but she is still getting used to phone book feature.

My 80 year old husband is not technically savvy.  This phone's simple direct screen eliminates confusion.  He can navigate it and actually add phone numbers to the phonebook.  The simple &#34;yes&#34; and &#34;no&#34; arrows make all the difference.  It does what it's supposed to do, be a basic phone the elderly can navigate.  Very satisfied.

easy to use, good size and color, helpful support. I recommend the Jitterbug for anyone wishing to use a straightforward phone.

I bought this phone for my Mother as a back-up phone, as her land line recently was out of service for 48 hours.  She had a cell phone in the past that she just did not use for various reasons.  This phone is easy to use and the large print on the screen face is excellent.  The letters on the keys are also larger and easier to read.  It holds a charge well, so recharging is not an issue.  She is able to use this phone much better than the Nokia she had in the past.  This phone is indeed styled for the senior user.  The phone service is billed to her credit card by Great Call and while not cheap nor generous  with minutes, it is all she needs.  We are very happy with the phone.

My fault I didn't understand the contract.  I didn't think my mom would get charged for incoming calls and was surprised to learn how much the bill was when she went over her minutes.  The phone itself is easy to use and my mom likes it.

The ladies my husband works with told him he was low Tec:)  But that is fine as this phone does exactly what he wants and he can see the numbers and read it with no problems.  In fact I am going to have to get him a plain with more minutes as he has turned into quite a chatter box.

What a great phone that my elderly parents can use very easily.  Verizon provides great coverage and the plan are very reasonable.

Although it does not say so, the phone is programmed for Greatcall service.  I spoke with Sprint for over an hour and this phone will not work with Sprint.  Please do your homework prior to purchasing this.

The sound quality is excellent and superior to other cellular and line phones with different providers that I tried, which provides clear hearing for a person with moderate loss of hearing and without use of hearing aids.The features of the phones are very poor and extremely limited.Few examples: No redial - you cannot redial the last number of income or outgoing call by one click - you need to go to the phone history.Only 50 numbers could be stored in the directory - but they are not sorted according to abc order, but stay in the order that you stored them - which requires you to scroll and read between 1 and 50 names and numbers until you find the one which you need to call.Practically for almost any outgoing call - even when frequently calling your daughter or girlfriend - you need to key in the 7 or 10 digits and press yes.No alarm. But there is a calendar - which requires you to go on the internet, establish an account and go into a process of entering different requested information.Great cell phone to receive calls but inconvenient to make calls.

First DON'T GET WET! It takes wonderful pictures! It is very easy to use, has simple YES & NO buttons plus big sight frendily buttons 24/7 hour operator assistance And alot of other special person orientated services. And again if you get it wet expect to get a new one I went though two phones before discovering this but otherwise it's a wonderful phone with great services.

did not work in my country so it is still sitting there. I guess i did not research it properly before i bought it, so my opinion on it will be  on it will be totally biased

Great service, ease of use. Parent's are happy with this phone. Family is relieved they have one they can use easily. Phone also has GPS.

DON'T BUY THIS PHONE.  After 12 hours of charging, and after inputting all the billing and account information, and setting up a phone book online, I have been told by Greatcall.com that due to an unprecedented backlog of activations, they won't be able to activate for "several days".  I spoke with a manager, who could not be more specific, and refused to waive or give me a credit on the activation fee, which I have already paid.  This phone was for my 80-year old mother, who is in a nursing home, and has no way to call her friends.  I can only hope the actual phone works better than the technical and customer service staff at Greatcall.com.

My 91-year-old Dad needed a phone that does exactly what he wants....lets him call his kids and grandkids without trying to figure out a million other options.  It's great, easily programmed, easy to read and operate.  Make sure when you get one for an elderly parent that you don't mind talking with him or her several times a day!

Battery like is not like advertised. I have to charge about every 3 days. otherwise the phone is very easy to use

I bought this phone for my husband who hates cell phones.  The phones we have had in the past have been too complicated for him.  They have also been so small that he was uncomfortable.  This &#34;flip&#34; phone is closer to a regular phone to use.  The on screen prompts are very simple to follow.  The volume is good.  It's a great phone for someone who just want to make phone calls.

I bought this phone for my Senior Dad because it says "pre-paid".  There's nothing pre paid about a monthly service p;lan.  Returning

I bought it for my Mom who has dementia and could not remember how to use her iPhone and so far she loves it.  It is much easier for her to use.

As advertised and $20.00 less expensive than most other sellers.  It is solidly built, extra nice volume, displays and simple navigation.  This senior had read about it in full page ad in AMAC magazine.  I've known about Jitterbug Plus cell phone for a few years but as my vision, hearing and dexterity diminished I tried my 101 year old friends Jitterbug and was promptly impressed!I tried the 5-star feature and got a rapid reply from the duty person who was very wise and friendly.  Seems like Jitterbug Plus will greatly improve the cheapy cellphone my wife and I have struggled with.  Also I have verified that Verizon provides service in this prepaid  reasonable phone.

It simply met, or exceeded, my expectations for a simple, versatile mobile phone. I couldn't, or didn't, hope for more. Period.

I don't text.  I don't share photos.  I just need a basic phone and this is what Jitterbug provides.  Having Verizon as the carrier, I have the coverage I need even in New Mexico.

NOTE:As there is frequent variation in the quality of service provided even within a phone company, I am not reviewing the Jitterbug Greatcall service, only the hardware of the phone.THE PROS:This is the first phone I've ever seen that is actually designed for seniors or others with vision or hearing problems: large buttons, a bright backlit display, a simple yes/no system instead of red and green unlabeled buttons, up-and-down arrows instead of an unlabeled multi-directional pad, easy access to the speakerphone function, and stripped-down programming that has nothing by the bare essentials.It does not rely on red and green buttons, which is a huge plus for those who are colorblind or losing their ability to distinguish colors as they age.The phone's number is constantly displayed across the top of the screen, for those who have a hard time remembering their number.The battery charges within a few hours, and holds its charge well when in use, and can standby for at least two weeks when not in use.Both the ringer and speaker are loud enough for those who may have trouble hearing.THE &#8220;YOU SHOULD KNOW&#8221;S:None.THE CONS:The battery indicator is hard to to find in the phone's system. Non-tech-savvy users must rely on the phone buzzing to alert for low or critically low battery.THE END RESULTS:For anyone who has any kind of difficulty seeing, hearing, or just isn't inclined to wrestle with complicated phone operating systems, this is a great basic option.
