
It is a mobile, comfortable, ideal for beginners with android. It is an economical and meets expectations good, nice and cheap.

Excelente equipo todo resulto como lo esperado Excelente el tiempo de entrega y el envio cubrio toda espectativa Good work

I am very disappointed to buy this phone. It is extremely slow, the memory is very limited, it will get full with some apps, it freezes all the time. I have to constantly turn it off in order to restart it and the keypad is very small. I feel I lost my money. I used to have a Samsung galaxy II that I gave to my husband and now I regret it. The camera is 5 mgpxls, so it does not take good pictures either. What can I say; I don't really like this phone at all.

When I first bought it I bought the wrong version when I was supposed to get the 3 but then decided to just go with it. It was good at first and I loved the apps but then as weeks go by and the phone is downloading more apps, it starts to freeze alot, not a lot of memory and its terrible at camera quality. If you use a lot of social media, suggest getting a much better phone to keep like the LG 9 or Samsung galaxy3 or 4

This phone works in French Polynesia-Tahiti!!!! I was scared it won't when i ordered! Now it works, i hope it will last for awhile! Mahalo nui loa and Merci beaucoup!

I love it... works great...very fast...very light....good size tooo, not too big like the S3, but not too small either

Sold by Lucky Buy Retailers. I could not figure out why I was having issues with it- reception and audio glitches. I took it to Tmobile. They opened it up. Sure enough there was a WD sticker on the inside (water damage) and the battery was WD too, according to sales person at Bellevue Sq. Mall, WA.

the model tha i recibe was I8160L (3G at 850/1900 MHz movistar and movilnet venezuela), the shipment was excelente before the timeel modelo que recib&iacute; fue I8160L (3G para 850/1900 MHz movistar y movilnet venezuela), el env&iacute;o fue excelente llego antes de lo indicado

I love all things Samsung, and this is no exception.  When tasked with purchasing multiple devices for user testing at my office, I knew right where to go and wasn't disappointed.  Amazon, you ROCK!  I know it's not an SII or SIII, but it's still a decent little phone and the ease of use is phenomenal.  Plus, the product and packaging were in pristine condition.  Overall, great purchase!

The best phone I've ever had, excelent relationship between price and value, I hope there would be lots of accesories for this phone

I was waiting for the I-8160 instead i received the I-8160L and this was the only inconvenient i got, this made me switch companies because the company i had didn't support the 3G network from this modelFWY for Future venezuelan costumers:Digitel works with 900/2100 (I-8160)Movilnet & Movistar work with 850/1900 (I-8160L)either model you receive you will be capable of using them here in venezuelaanyway, back to the product, nice phone, the 3G works in excellent form, the camera is great and the display is an excellent improvement from my previous phonei recomend this phone

is beautiful, easy to use, interactive, has two cameras, faster, memory is expandable, size is good, ergonomic, I can me down several applications and operate without problem.... is great

My parents and I bought this phone for my younger siblings. Both my siblings say that the phone freezes a lot and that's why they rate it a 3. Otherwise, they like the look and build but their apps don't run as smoothly as they would like. To be fair, the price was less and we knew we weren't buying the latest phone. A couple of teens that are constantly on social media apps and listen to music on YouTube and Radio apps, they expect something faster and more up to date without the constant skipping and freezing from the phone.However, it gets a 2 because the specifications on here says the phone comes with 4GB of internal memory and that is not the case - it came with 2GB. It was too late when we noticed this but I was very disappointed.This phone would be fine for very basic usage of data - it's operating system doesn't seem to support much data processing at once. So maybe this phone would be more suitable for people who need basic email and a couple of other apps - no more than that.  Overall, the Samsung Ace 2 gets a 2.

No instuctions in English !!! and I heard that if the phone needs service you are out of  luck,

this is a very nice phone, I don't need the fastest most advanced equipment. It is solid and dependable. Samsung makes a good product

En optimas condiciones de funcionamiento el Samsung, todas las especificaciones como las ped&iacute;.Los recomiendo ampliamente, muy buenos.Muchas gracias!!!

muy buen producto lo encontre sin ningun detalle muy puntual la llegada muy responsable mi celular m llego en excelente estado

I bought the phone for a gift from my mother, and she loved it, was able to connect without problem to any wifi and data quality is very good! currently uses for the operator Digitel Venezuela and works perfectly in a phone that has it all, and everything she needs! recommended

Bought this to my wife. This is her first smartphone, since she is not technology oriented. I'm an Android user for three years, so I decided this was the one.The phone comes with Android 2.3.6 Gingerbread, however there's official word by Samsung there's a Jelly bean update coming.Most important (to my wife) it's really a beautiful phone, resembling a Galaxy S III, and it looks terribly beautiful in white!

Pretty decent smart phone for a cheaper price. My wife loves it and works well with ATT GoPhone. This model is intended for european market and manual are usally not in english. But you can download the english version on samsung website.

I have had this phone for about a week now, and so far it works great. I was afraid it would not be as fast because it has an earlier version of Android, but that is not the case.  I hardly have trouble with this phone, it doesn't lag as expected from phones with earlier Android versions. I am still considering whether to update or not since it is working so well for me as it is.  Internet is fast, apps run smoothly and I can make basic phone calls and text.  I have taken few pictures with it and have not explored all of the settings yet to see how well it works. But I am not expecting professional photos. It is after all, just a phone. In that case you might as well just use a regular camera.

I hate this phone. So little so small. Everything is a pain on it. Limited on connection. It usually takes days upload anything.  Poor quality.

works ok,gets the job done,freezes to much for my liking....takes a few seconds before it picks up a call,so you decide

GRACIAS EL CELULAR LLEGO MUY BIEN.. A TIEMPO EL COLOR PERFECTO PARA MI CU&Ntilde;ADA MUCHAS GRACIAS POR CUMPLIR.... CON EL TIEMPO ACORDADO P&Aacute;RA EL ENVIO

i had multiple problems with the phone when i received it. AT&T wouldnt help me because it wasn't an AT&T phone so I had to call Samsung and they found that the phone had malware on it. I had to spend 50 for the tech to be able to help me and then another 55$ for the program to remove the malware which was blocking my phone from sending/receiving MMS messages. Was NOT happy with this purchase.

Yeah i like this phone a lot. it pretty much does everything every other android phone does. good buy it works with straight talk if you buy the compatible sim. &the picture quality is better than I expected

It didn't came with Spanish language so I should pay around 80 dollars on my country for to download that new language, it was spencer

Great item, thank you

Excellent phone to take internationally, i use to rent a phone on my trips to south america,this phone works great over there and the price was very reasonable

The camera on the phone needs to have a zoom feature.  Everything else about the phone is great.  I would recommend.

Great budget phone, came unlocked with all of the accesories. Just inserted the SIM and the phone was able to connect to the wireless network.

Minimalist and Modern DesignA minimalist design makes the GALAXY Ace a sophisticated mobile phone that will captivate you. Its rounded edges and slim, compact size are a treat for your hands and you will love seeing the great HVGA screen 3.5 &#34;.

this is the perfect phone what actually i needed..its really a good phone and a better quality..thank you very much.

1) Box does not look as original and does not have any S/N or IMEI2) Included charger/ear piece looks and feels cheap..3) 3G does not work and phone works only on 2G4) After software update, Youtube & App store does not work5) Horrible coverage

Very good phone

Todo muy bienrecuerden que para activarlo en Venezuela con Movistar deben presentar sus facturasintacto y tiene todo lo que dice la descripci&oacute;n

Loved the phone ! Not too big and not too small. A very affordable price for an advanced smartphone too.

this phone is a great buy, you can't go worng with this one. I give it a five (5) star.

good afternoon, I'm interested in buy an samsung galaxy ace 2, but in venezuela, for movistar and movilnet, I need that the version of the phone be the I8160L for work with 850/1900 for 3G band or HSDPA, do you have this one?

I want this phone, but before buying i wonder if you have version Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 i8160L, to work in Venezuela? Thanks.

This is a very nice phone. It is just as represented. I purchased it for my wife. It arrived in less than a week with standard shipping.  The phone was packaged in its original factory retail packaging (nice, elegant, white box), and sealed with all the usual original factory seals still intact with no evidence of ever being opened before.  This was evident when you opened the box an saw how nicely everything was packaged. This is why I like buying items that are fulfilled by Amazon.Performance:  The phone is very fast and the screen is extremely responsive, besides being very bright and sharp, with great colors.  Screen changes and menu navigation is very fast. You can really tell the difference with its dual core processor performance. The WiFi set up in my home was intuitive, it went quickly and very smoothly. It did the hand shake with my wireless modem/router right away and asked me for the key. The WiFi speed is much, much faster than the Galaxy GT-S5360 that I currently own for myself. It was also nice to have the Micro SD card slot accessible from the side of the phone instead of having to open the back cover.  The only reason you'll have to open the back cover is to insert the SIM card and/or to get to  the battery.  Also, this phone's performance in synchronizing with Samsung KIES is way faster than my GT-S5360.The camera photo quality is very satisfactory for a cell phone. Even interior pictures with natural light were good.  Just make sure you give a brief moment of time for the auto focus to do it's job. The front VGA video camera seemed to by fine also.Don't worry about some comments from people indicating that it came with a foreign language. It doesn't matter. The minute you start the phone, the very first screen that pops up contains the language selection box, with a drop-down menu.  It displays the current language.  To change it, simply click on it and scroll down the drop-down menu and select the language that you wish to use.  The language selections are written in their native spelling, so it's super easy to spot the desired language by anyone.  In my case, I scrolled down to "English" and that was it. Immediately thereafter all the set up screens popped up in English.  They also provided a small 2-prong US adapter for the European charger. It's handy to have the European charger if you ever travel to Europe, as we sometimes do. The charger itself is universal, so it will work worldwide with the right adapter.Don't forget to order your SD card and protective case cover at the same time so as to save on freight.  Also, you'll need the SD card to get started with syncing and other activities, so it's good to have it at the same time.Cons: So far we haven't experienced anything that we didn't like, but we'll update if we do.

I absolutely love this phone. Its not too big, not too small. It fits the person who likes a neat Android instead of the refridgerator type sized phones. It was clean and nice. I also got this as a gift for my fiance' and I know he will absolutely love it. He hasnt seen it yet but I have tested it out and I am absolutely jealous that I didnt get one for myself now that Ive gotten one for him. He doesnt like complicated devices and this was pretty straight forward and easy to use. It was unlocked like I asked for it to be. Very user friendly and I just prefer white phones over black phones so I got it in white. I am happy I did because it looks soo sleek and clean. my baby is a spoiled guy but for his good deeds, he deserves this as a present. Smiles :) It is really a nice phone. what can I say? Overall, I absolutely love it!

Come brand new sealed from the box, works perfect and I love it. very versatile smartphone, wide better than blackberrys

I got this phone as a gift for my girlfriend, tested it before i wrapped it for her, gotta say that it's a very good phone, overally quality, smooth, good looking, got more than what i payed for, Samsung it's such a good brand. and i just saw on the website it can be upgraded to ice cream sandwich

bought this before Christmas as a gift. i got it because it's not super huge and i'm a small person that didn't want something that doesn't fit in my jeans pocket. bought it so it could be used with Straight talk. it worked for 3 days and now can't get a signal to make any phone calls. only time it can be used is at home on WIFI for internet. can't get or receive calls anymore. so much for samsung.... guess i'll have to go back to my blackberry.

I bought this phone about six weeks ago, the first 4 weeks it worked smoothly, I was very happy with my purchase and I thought I had found a great replacement for my old Iphone, but then, about two weeks ago, I felt asleep and I didn't charge my phone like I usually do. The next morning when I woke up the  battery was dead, it wouldn't charge anymore and Im sure it was the battery because I have a friend with the same phone and I tried her battery in my phone and the phone worked. I left it connected to the power for about eight hours straight and nothing. I had to put the battery in a plastic bag and in the freezer for 10 minutes (an old trick I learned from my dad) and it worked. I haven't had any problems with the battery in these two weeks, but I'm scared it might happen again, I have to be very careful not to let the phone run out of power and carry the charger with me at all times.Then, about a week ago I started to have problems with the camera too. It says it has some sort of error. I have to shut down the phone, take the battery off and  turn it on again in order for the camera to work (my friend, the one that has the same phone has the very same problem) This can happen once or twice a day and it gets REALLY ANNOYING!.I've read that the update to jellybean is coming soon. I really hope this is true and that these problems will be fixed with the new software. I live across seas and I can't afford to send it back or to exchange it.------------------------------------------------ESPA&Ntilde;OL----------------------------------------------------------------------Compr&eacute; este tel&eacute;fono hace 6 semanas aproximadamente, las primeras 4 semanas funcion&oacute; de maravilla, pero hace como 2 semanas me qued&eacute; dormida y no lo puse a cargar como normalmente hago. En la ma&ntilde;ana cuando me despert&eacute; la pila estaba muerta, no cargaba y el tel&eacute;fono no prend&iacute;a. Estoy segura que era un problema con la pila porque tengo una amiga que tiene el mismo tel&eacute;fono y prob&eacute; poner su pila en mi tel&eacute;fono y funcion&oacute;. Lo dej&eacute; cargando como por 8 horas y nada. Al final, tuve que poner la bater&iacute;a en una bolsa pl&aacute;stica en el freezer y funcion&oacute; (un viejo truco que aprend&iacute; de mi papa). No he vuelto a tener problemas desde ese d&iacute;a,  pero  tengo que estar pendiente de que el celular no se descargue completamente de nuevo y llevar el cargador conmigo a donde quiera que vaya.Despu&eacute;s de eso, hace como una semana, empec&eacute; a tener problemas con la c&aacute;mara. Me sale un mensaje diciendo que hay un error. Tengo que apagar el celular, quitarle la bater&iacute;a y volverlo a prender  para que funcione la c&aacute;mara. A mi amiga, la que tiene el mismo tel&eacute;fono, le pasa exactamente lo mismo. A veces esto puede pasar una o dos veces al d&iacute;a, y es un verdadero FASTIDIO.Le&iacute; por ah&iacute; que la actualizaci&oacute;n a jellybean viene pronto, de verdad espero que esto sea cierto y que con la actualizaci&oacute;n se corrijan estos errores. No vivo en Estados Unidos y no puedo pagar para devolverlo y no puedo cambiarlo en mi pa&iacute;s porque la garant&iacute;a no lo cubre.

It works perfectly in Venezuela with Movilnet (2G/ 3G - 850/ 1900)It's light, HD, beautiful, and very fast. I love it.

Este telefono no funciona con digitel, aunque dice que tiene las bandas para digitel 3G no sirve, solo movistar y movilnet. Deberian revisar mejor los detalles de venta de la mercancia.

I like this phone very much, EXCEPT it does not work at my house. Everywhere else in the country. I can be in an elevator on the 52nd. floor in a New York City office bldg. but it will not work at all, at my house in Greenwood, Indiana. I can leave and drive down the street & it works? Not even with Wi-Fi ??  Other than that I love the phone.Ann Reaume1/16/2014

A value proposition. It works as expected, except it came in German. I spent more time than i would have liked setting the language to English. I recommend just breezing through the setup and changing everything after setting language to English. The first thing I noticed was that the screen was a bit small and you cannot type reliable horizontally. But given the price, it's hard to expect more.

It was a good middle range phone until upgrade. If you buy it, please... stay on Gingerbread OS, don't upgrade to Jelly Bean OS, phone started to fail on that OS.

excellent product just pass a scare for a moment I thought the phone get damaged me, but the fault was that the battery will stay a little loose and would not start so I had to put a piece of paper so that the stack is just so the garment and phone ...

Let me tell you what about this product; it is a nice desing and friendly mobile phone but the battery does not meet myexpectations, i.e.it has a shorter life than normal. Finally, the user guide is written in german, I really need one in englishor spanish. thanks.

Sent this phone as a gift. There are problems and it has barely been over a month. Wondering is this a samsung product made somewhere with the name and cheap components?

i didn't realize that this phone doesn't have a zoom but of the reste everything it's ok.. it's working without problems.

If you are okay with a smaller phone than you will like this one, its easy to operate and just enough for what you would need a cell phone for. Also it doesn't break easy, I've dropped it a bunch of times and still works well.

muy buen producto entrega inmediata garantia al cien por ciento; exelente negociacion muy bueno no hubo ningun invonvemiente los recomiendo

good

este producto llego en muy buen estado y tambi&eacute;n a tiempo muy buen equipo recomendable tiene muy buenas aplicaciones y es muy f&aacute;cil de manipular.

Es un celular excelente, pantalla n&iacute;tida, descarga r&aacute;pida. Todo perfecto. Lo &uacute;nico malo es que siendo el espa&ntilde;ol un idioma tan importante pues no lo tiene. Tiene puros idiomas asi&aacute;ticos y el ingl&eacute;s.

I wanted a smart phone which was cheap and yet a smart phone, it served the same, I was able to access Skype, email, face book and all at my finger tips while using my 02 sim in Europe. As I was traveling without my daughter but was relieved as I could talk to her on Skype anywhere I wanted .would highly recommend it

Perfect work with Movilnet in VENEZUELA.Complete Accesories.Recomended. A Very Light Phone. Run Smooth.Good subtitute for S3 a good price.Love it

Bought it for my daughter.  She loves it, it works great and shipped just as the shipper promised with all the accessories.

First off, I sent email one to seller where i told him: i need 3G bands 850/1900/2100 MHz, because i knew there are two versions of bands (other one was: 900/2100Mhz). Despiste that i sent warning about my preference, &#34;seller&#34; ignored my eamil one and did what he felt like, sent to me 900/2100 model.  He can't say that did not see my email message because he answer to me &#34;OK&#34;...,OK what ??. i am so felling injured.I musted to change my cellphone number, and networking provider to use &#34; the new one  Samsung cellphone&#34;

I super great upgrade from its predecessor... I highly recommend for a adorable mid tier mobile device..... Dual core .8 GHz is relativity fast

It looks great and works from start perfectly.  It is worth for the money you pay.  Battery last enough for the day

is really good product im from venezuela and it works well really good recomend it 100% really good phone i recomend it

Excellent, is the second phone, buy with you.Thanks, the phone it is very similar to S3 mini, is very good choice

I love the phone but 3g is not working on my at&t sim card.  Hope i knew it before i placed my order.

Given the great reviews on this phone I felt comfortable ordering it for myself.  Very disappointing.  it wasn't user friendly and the battery life was terrible.  It may have just been my experience but I wouldn't recommend this phone.

This phone was for my wife and she loves it. My daughter used to have the original galaxy ace and has upgraded to the galaxy SII by now.This phone definitely hits the spot for midrange android phone with great performance. It is a major upgrade to the original ace.Of course it is smaller than the SII but that's actually appealing as it fits easily anywhere. Shipping was fast and arrived unlocked as promised. Definitely a winner for us.

It was not said SIM card not included. Phone could not be hook up on my service.Not satisfied with my purchase but the phone was really nice that was my only problem.

Amigo, este tel&eacute;fono tiene muy buenas referencias, mi duda antes de comprarlo es si el sistema operativo es Android. De lo contrario no me interesa. Muchas gracias espero me responda pronto, mi correo es dletizia1904@hotmail.com

That is my second smartphone and so far I only have positive emotions about it.I've been using it for a month as for now and here is what I can tell about it:+ Big enough screen+ Easy-to-learn interface+ High-quality camera+ Good battery endurance (Lasts for two days for me).+ Great design- On a sunny day I can barely see the screen, which is quite a flaw.Otherwise, no complaints at all. I am totally satisfied with the phone

Complies with all the features of the smartphone Samsung Galaxy line at a good price, despite having only 4GB compensated with the use of micro SDHC support up to 32GB

Looks like this is the one I was needing! You were fast in shipping and handling and I really appreciate it.

The cell phone was in perfect conditions, brand new. Samsung is a very good brand of cell phones and for that I recommend to buy this smart phone

I buyed this phone for my mom.She is learning quickly. Is his first smartphone.

So far I'm very happy with my new phone. It's fast, the touchscreen is fast and responsive, the camera is very nice (and it has both front and back facing cameras), has loads of internal space. It's all I wanted of a smartphone. For this price this was definitely the best choice.

It works great. even better than imagined. big screen even bigger than the iphone. would definetly recommend this phone. Love the white too.

I bought this for my Wife.I runs smoothly. I downloaded apps and games for my wife and it didn't get slow. I put a 32 Gb micro SD for storage.She loves it, because it is fast, nice and it is not heavy at all.In White it looks really nice.It was delivered in like only 2 days, and I expected 8 days. They are fast. i recommend this product. It has no simbols from &#34;X&#34; cellphone company. It is factory unlocked as they said. The quality of the cellphone is good.

I liked the phone but wasn't able to use it with Straight Talk. I had to return it the same day I got it.

It's a decent mid range phone, its slow and can lag sometimes and has an outdated android gingerbread os but it's good enough for day to day use.**the battery life is good**It really is, it can last over a day and night which is better than other phones

Todo llego en excelente estado el trato del vendedor fue bueno lo recomiendoooo... es un telefono demasiado buenoo!!.. llego a venezuela en buen estado

Me encanto mi telefono, este sistema es novedoso y las aplicaciones son muy buenas, recomendable 100 % para 3G digitel

yes this is an S3 but smaller is quick, potent, and nicethe only issue it needs its ice cream but i hope will be very soon

It's unlocked and I use my T-mobile chip without any problem. All the app, screen, ... works very good. For the price I really recommend this cell.

I bought them as gifts and people like it. It's light and do what It was made for. No complains.

I love this phone!!!! It is exactly what I wanted from a smartphone!!! WiFi, nice apps, nice style, good navigations, etc...

it is a good phone, i have not any problems with this, and it works perfectly out of the usa. the perfect size and the screen resolution is really good

is Fast, Friendly, very well shaped and design, 5 thumps up for this phone. and from this seller as soon as i put the sim card inmediatly reconigze the net and starter to download all what it need to update it.

Is not compatible with Canadian Bell networks, I know need to send it back. This is a huge hassle. So that's what I have to do now.

A very good phone at a great price. Fully meets my requirements. Good resolution of the camera, good sound in the video conference.

I like this phone. The seller was awesome. i got the phone on time and everything was like it was described. I don't, however, like how to the texting keyboard is so small so i just use the swipe pad instead.

This phone does everything I want as a busy mother of 2.  I am not a techy but have figured out how to use this.  I have no complaints.  I use the email, google calendar, camera and phone primarily.  From what I can tell so far the pictures this camera takes are sufficient, not superb. No complaints on this budget friendly phone.  I use Pure Talk as my carrier.

excellent cell phone, easy to use, great camera, the battery lasts long enough,the screen resolution very good and nice,  I like the phone

For the price this phone is way too good. The Audio is mind blowing with headphones. I never realized that the songs were recorded this well!!Reception is great. Much better than LG Phones.Camera is kind of OK for the resolution allocated. [As a semi Pro IGPS is surprisingly very accurate.Detected my exact locations quickly.Classy. Almost same size as iPhones [this could be a disadvantageous for Netflix and TV Show viewers]

I chose this phone because I wanted something similar to the iPhone but not as expensive.  As it turns out, it is more than expected!  It is light easy enough to learn the features by trying them out.  The instruction manual is not very explicit.  I definitely recommend that phone.

First, the phone is an "international version"...Italian to be specific. Seller, Wireless Everything" failed to disclose this "little fact" and Amazon still allowed them to sell it.  All...I repeat ALL...repairs and parts must be ordered out of New Zealand. (Samsung verified this fact as well.) That's going to be fun.  My first impression of the phone has not changed...it's a nice unit and my wife loves it.  It's the misrepresentation by this seller that has me so upset.  BEWARE of "Wireless Everything"!!  Amazon, you too should be ashamed of yourself for allowing this!!

Actually i havent had any inconviniece whatsoever with the product. Its fast, its easy to handle, its visually beautiful and works exellent..

I love the phone and I am recommending it to my friends.I'm happy with my purchase.Thank you very much for offering.

It is a practical product that provides good services but have slow drive speed but with good technical aspects. thanks

You can shake it to stop it from ringing.  You have voice recorder apps pre-installed.  It rings loud.  You can hear people when they speak.  This is a great phone.  I have had it a few months with no problems and I bought it used off ebay.Battery Life: A day to 2 days of moderate useSound Quality: Good; I never had someone say they couldn't hear me and I never told someone I couldn't hear them because they were breaking upSize: Perfect for the purse or to carry around; is is smaller than the Galaxy II, III, or IV thoughSpeed: It is little slow to get on the internet but I don't use the phone mainly for the internet so the slowness has not bothered meCamera: When I take pictures, there is about a 5 second lag.  If you move the camera before the 5 seconds the picture will be blurry.  The pictures, if you hold the camera steady, are very beautiful and clear.  The pictures I have taken look just like those from a camera.  I believe the camera is 5MPCases: I have to order all my cases online.  None of the stores have heard of this particular model.  I tried to get a case at a Kiosk 3 different times and no one had heard of this phone.Would I purchase this model again? Yes

Its quite amazing and impresses me a lot with its great features. The look and feel of the phone is simply excellent and I really love using it.

I thought this would have been a good deal, however, for me to get it working properly, I would have to spend the time andcall tech in CA and set all the parimeters for this cell phone.  I expected to receive the phone and go with it.  I could not receive or send pictures,  it would loose calls, I became frustrated enough to let it go and get a another cell phone.  Maybe for someone who had the time to spend on the phone with tech services,I did not. A waste of my $$.  sorry about that.

HolaMe encantaria que alguien me diga si ha comprado este telefono viviendo en RD y si han funcionado bien todas las aplicaciones del telefono.Muchas gracias (anticipadas) a quien pueda colaborar.

I bought this phone a few weeks ago and its great, love it. But I just have one problem, does anyone know if theres anything I can do to make it work in 3G, in COLOMBIA? Or why its only working in 2G? Or if anyone has had this probelm in any other country in South America?

I bought this phone for my wife and she loved it.It was her first smart phone. Perfect size and functions.

Tal como lo esperaba. el env&iacute;o fu&eacute; a tiempo y el celular lleg&oacute; muy bien empaquetado y asegurado. recomendado por el precio y por la calidad del env&iacute;o. gracias.

He is very happy with it . as soon as He got it . He intalled the sime card from his other cell and it woked perfect. He is with Mobistar.

I choose it for a present and for sure it was worth paying.My sister liked it. It has almost all what you need nowadays.

Exelent phone great fetures to get entry to the world of smartphone android work just fine the design is very good comfortable on hand. The camera is good to the range of price and the screen looks good but no exlent under sun ligthin general good phone

for the price (its the same as the iphone 3gs), its grate! i live in USA and works perfect with my pay to go chip!

Loved the phone, but it wouldn't work on my network.  It must have been a European product because it came with Polish or Russian as the default language -

This phone is great. It is really fast (dual core) and the available memory is good. It never complains about needing more space for more apps, and I have a lot already installed. Tha camera is a bit slow. The size is great, it's not too big, not too small and the screen is perfect enough. The colors are really bright and vivid.I love it!

The baterries worked very well. Now they are better than the original, and I am using always because they last more.

I bought this to replace an aging Blackberry Bold. I really liked the Blackberry but needed a new phone with a bigger screen. I compared the iPhone 4S, 5 and the Galaxy Ace 2, and Galaxy SII. The iPhones just didn't do it for me. After you weed through all the hype, its a smartphone that is more trendy than useful. At over $600 for 4S and $800 for the 32GB iPhone 5, it was too costly for the features included. The SII was too large to fit comfortably in my hand and felt like a small tablet. The Ace 2 had all the features I needed at a reasonable price. I've had the phone for 2 weeks and have no complaints. Would definitely recommend over iPhone.

I spent over an hour trying to decide on what kind of phone to get and it had to be at a good price. I wanted a phone with a flash and a foward facing camera. I came across a few but this one stuck out. I also needed a unlocked phone because I have pre-paid. I was very nervous because I've never owned a unlocked phone before and wasn't sure what to expect. I literally read every review for this phone *the English reviews because I speak only minor Spanish*. I weighed the negative to the postive and decided to order it. It came a day early and I tracked it so I would know when it was in my city. I waited 3 hours outside for the mail man, THAT is how much I wanted to go ahead and try this phone! I opened the box expecting something used or not right *the negative reviews scared me alittle lol*. But..everything was BRAND NEW!!!! It came with the phone *of course*, Charger, a European charger, and even earbuds for the phone. This phone is light but it runs VERY good! I did have to download a app to allow me to use MMS on my phone because it is a unlocked phone and I have AT&T. It's a free app and now I can send pictures and receive them now. The camera on the phone is very vivid. The flash is BRIGHT lol but thats what I wanted! The foward facing camera words very good as well. Both camera's seem to take High Resolution pictures. The phone came and looked exactly like the picture. You do get to set the language if you need to &#34;it was on European English when it first turned on, English, United States is right under it&#34;. I synced my Google Account to it and everything else was tooken care of. The call quality is great and so is the speaker quality. This phone is so amazing! My brother has a iPhone 4 and was impressed with this phone because it's a definite upgrade for me and it was only $206. I'm in love with this phone!!!!!

Got the white its ceramic and gorgeous. Mid range phone that does everything I want. Watching movies in 720p HD is amazing. Just the right size and shape for me. Dual core processor runs smoothly and the phone never lags. 5MP camera is good enough for me and it takes video in 720p HD what more can you ask for in a mid range phone. Only problem is that facebook app takes long to load sometimes but I think that's just the app because the Wifi works great. I totally recommend this phone.

A very poweful phone if you take into consideration the price. It has enough RAM memory and screen resolution is more than I was expecting for. I bought it to be used with Movilnet (CellPhone Venezuelan operator) and it worked very fastly on 3G.

My first  Galaxy Ace was 5 star excellent - What happened.  All I can say is that this phone must have been a lemon.  I absolutelyloved my first one and was so happy with it I purchased the exact same one.  The original cell phone came from a differentseller but I don't see any reason for my problems with the phone.  The light in the phone keeps dimming, I keep getting cut offfrom my calls, when I want to disconnect the screen is black and I can't see to disconnect.  AT&T; can't help that much becausethey never carried this phone so even though they have tried to help, they are not familiar with this phone.  I never had theseproblems with my first one. ????????

Very good phone, excellent screen resolution, no lag whatsoever, and the camera does the job. Working great in Venezuela. Also the phone has a unbeatable price. Totally recommended.
