
Is better than expected

I got this phone 2 days ago and i'm already having problems with it, as soon as I pluged it in to charge, It got overheated,Now the screen is having problems. It'll start flickering and the colors on the screen will invert or the screen itself will invert. now the screen still flickers. The phone still works, but the flickering is really annoying.

This is a steal! you can't go wrong with the price for a person who is opening a new account with sprint. The phone has a great camera and other cool specs to it. The screen is a little over-whelming at first but after you have it for sometime it just becomes the norm. I love this phone but I gave it four stars becausethe battery life isn't all that too well. I have experienced a good 4 hours of battery life before my phone shuts off. I have read article after article and others seem to be having the same problem and some people experience a full days worth of battery life. So I guess it is more of a hit and miss thing. Overall it's great!

It's a good phone so far no complains at all, I replace my Nexus S with this one and so far is fine. Beware amazon give me the deal for $0.01 and then Sprint charge me with $36.00.

Although the phone is advertised with 4G capabilities; as of now, Sprint does not have 4G access in the majority of areas it provides service. Their 3G capabilities are not even up to par with the world standard and will not allow you to download at speeds greater than 100KB/s most of the time. For such bad service, purchasing a phone such as this will be nothing more but a waste of money unless you have WiFi access most of the time. The phone will also come with an assorted barrage of bloatware pre-installed from Sprint and Samsung (stuff you can not remove without rooting the phone).

Ready loved this phone,,,the devise was outstanding (to me),,,,,as always my phone arrived in the prescribe time period,,,with all the equipment,,,,very pleased....But phonecase took forever now phone broken,,,,,:-(:-(:-(

I HAVE BEEN ON THIS SITE ABOUT 6 DAYS NOW TRYING TO ORDER THE SAMSUNG GALAXY S III FROM SPRINT.I HAVE BEEN SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS PHONE & ALL OF THE FEATURES, INCLUDING FRONT FACING CAMERA, & FLASH ON THE MAIN CAMERA, NOT IT IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE! I AM THROUGH DEALING WITH THIS SITE, 10 ASSOCIATES LATER, THEY STILLLLLLL CANNOT GET MY ORDER RIGHT!

its awsome my niece loves the galaxy s 3. now shes waiting on her cases to come in so she can really show off her phone

I bought a pair of these for my wife and I. We both upgraded from EVO.  These phones are great!  They share everything just by kissing them together...contacts, pictures, apps, websites, videos.  Face to face chat works great.  The camera takes high quality pictures and video, the sound quality is excellent in recording.  The phone screen quality is outstanding. No call quality or signal issues.  We are both very pleased with these phones!  For $100 each what a bargain, too.

I received my "new" Samsung Galaxy S3 2 days ago. While unpacking the phone i noticed the battery had a pink indicator (pink / red indicates water damage). I immediately called amazon wireless. I spoke to a tech named Zac. He had me open the phone to check to see if the phone was also damaged, it is. I also spoke to a team lead that was not helpful at all. Yesterday morning I was looking at the email i got from Zac and there is a link to print out a return label. It says "Attach the label to the package and drop your return off at any UPS location". They want me to Drive 20 + miles to drop off a defective phone (did I mention it is water damaged?). After many calls and over an hour on the phone I finally spoke to a manager named Eric. Zero results. I asked to speak to who he reports to. He refused to give me a name or phone number to resolve this issue. I am stuck here with a water damaged phone that was sold as new. My wireless account is being held hostage until they get the POS they sold me back, witch will take about 5 days. Amazon has lost all of my business. I am stuck with a dying phone and no way to replace it. Do yourself a favor and stay away fro Amazon Wireless!!!! After speaking to everyone at amazon I get the same stock email stating they are working hard.Bill

couldnt be happier its all it promised and more. I'm still learning all the apps but so far so good.

This is an awesome phone.  It's definitely an upgrade from my HTC EVO Shift.  There's more space to work with and there's not much that this phone can't do.  Can't beat the $10 price tag either.

This is a lovely phone....however, I do wish they gave clearer instructions for use.  I would love to transfer my already large purchased collection from ITunes on my laptop and Ipod to this Phone.  How do I do this please???????

The phone works great. I recommend it to my friends and family. I am completely satisfied with the purchase of this phone.

fast and light, but too easy to accidentally touch back and menu buttons. still have 500mb space but not enough for a 1mb app?!! no good free gps navigation.iphone when jailbroken has tomtom and win8 has nokia drive. google drive is crap, want me to turn into one way street, wrong direction of course. not easy to rearrange shortcuts coz does not allow insert. in web browser, double tap rarely adjust width correctly, iphone does this perfectly.like the notification bar, the big screen, has better camera than ipHone 4s. battery life comparable to 4s.

This is the tag for this phone:  Samsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phone, Blue 16GB (Sprint)Fail.  This phone will not do the old 4G signal, which for me means it is a paper weight for me.I bought this phone after falling for Samsung's well done Apple 5 bashing commericial, now I might end up with a Apple 5 because it does 4G.Don't assume 4G LTE is backwards compatable with 4G....It ain't!

The phone is great...very powerful and easy to use.  Also, going through amazon this phone was only $10!  If i had gone through Sprint directly it would have been $150!  Thank you Amazon and Samsung!

First off, this phone is great. My one star refers to Sprint. Phone is very cool, new Android software is an ease to use and has many great features. Now, on to Sprint. First off, your bill will start the minute you purchase this phone from Amazon. I called Sprint the next day, asked if I could wait two weeks to activate phone, transfer my numbers over, they said sure, no problem. Week later I received a bill for almost $300 ( on a $150 a/month plan). Called Sprint, was told no, they get activated right away. After five phone calls and a week of my time they did finally fix the bill. Oh, and there is a $17.40 monthly Sprint surcharge on your bill. This is not the normal taxes and fees that come with a cell phone, but  a Sprint thing(they couldn't really explain it to me).  So make sure you factor in the extra (hidden) $$ for you bill each month.

I purchased this phone Nov.l,2012 and love everything about it.  It does so much and does it well.  I love the voice texting among all the other features.  I haven't learned that much about using it but enjoy each feature as I learn it - this is my first smart phone. The blue color is pleasing and it's SO LIGHT to hold.  It's simple to figure out, but I decided to download and print the entire manual from the net and put it into a binder so I can read thru it whenever I have time and have learned so much more about it's functions that way.  I don't always have access to the net when I'm out so I carry the binder with me so I can look thru it at my convience. Don't think anyone can go wrong with it on the Sprint network.

Working in technology gave me the opportunity to use this first hand along with the Apple iPhone 5. Hands down the iPhone's workmanship blows this shoddy device out of the water. After using it extensively for 2 weeks the S3 started making a creaking noise if squeezed too tightly...If this phone was half the price of an iPhone I would say it might be a good candidate however since they are almost the same cost, the S3 is too cheap looking for the price you pay. Not to mention the constant crashing and low battery life as reported by several users.

This phone is very hard to beat. Since most people considering buying it are looking at either this or the iPhone I'll compare as much as I can between them.--------------------------------------------------I'll start with the negatives. Thankfully it is a very short list. The Galaxy S III does not and can not get Siri. It has S-Voice, which basically does the same thing, but it is not nearly as good. If you aren't sticking to pre-programed phrases then it has difficulty understanding you; sometimes even when using very similar phrases. Unfortunately I think this is largely do to them tip-toeing around patent rights owned by  Apple, so it is unlikely to get much better any time soon.Initial setup is actually fairly complicated. Much more complicated than the iPhone, which is designed for ease of use. However, once you learn how to do everything it becomes very customizable and is no longer difficult to navigate either.My third and last complaint is all the pre-installed software. It would not be an issue if you could uninstall some of it, but you can't. For example I bought a better music player app, but the one that came pre-installed cannot be removed because it is not listed as an app. The only way to do that would be to "root" the phone. These apps take up space for no real reason.---------------------------------------------------Despite having some down sides this phone is still simply amazing. To start it is incredibly fast and has amazing graphics for a phone. It is basically a small computer that makes phone calls. While the physical specs do not match up to the Note II ("only" dual core processor, half as much memory, etc) I do think the smaller size is worth it if you aren't wanting to carry around something so large. It is really more than fast enough. The only reason I could see the higher specs being necessary or even really beneficial is if you do some really extreme multitasking.Home screen widgets are simply amazing. Aside from app icons you can directly set up apps to function directly on the home screens so that you don't need to start them. For example I have a miniaturized version of my music player, a weather forecast for the area, convenient switch for the flashlight function, and an app that lists reminders of everything I need to get done right on my home screens. This way instead of having to access each to use them, which would make them of little use since I would have to remember to check each, they are right in my face allowing me to multitask at a much faster pace with very little thought or effort. And most widgets have different size and functionality options, and can be intermingled with app launch icons as you see fit. (You might throw an iTunes music sync app launch next to the music player widget, etc.)The voice to text works very well. Pretty much anywhere there is a text box of any kind there is also a voice to text option. If there isn't there is an option right on the on-screen keyboard, so unless the app itself is disabling it for some reason you will always have voice to text. The one thing it does not do well is e-mail addresses.There are really neat apps out there that I would never have thought of using my phone for. Want to use your phone to control iTunes on your computer? Plenty of apps for it. Want to remotely access your computer and directly control the screen for some reason? There are apps for that as well. Curious how much something you see in a store costs online but don't want to take the time to do web searches? Just download one of many apps available and scan the item's bar-code to get price comparisons. There are even Microsoft Word document editors with a great deal of functionality. They allow you to view and modify word, excel, and power-point documents.The screen is an ideal size for me. Not too big not too small. Battery life is acceptable, but anything with high graphics will drain it fast. They did make it very convenient to turn off features with one downward swipe at the top of the home screen, which helps turn off features when you do not need them. (Things such as wifi & bluetooth use battery power.) It is super thin/light, but I would have preferred a bit more battery life even if it meant being a bit thicker. However, unlike an iPhone the battery is replaceable and you can use micro SD cards to expand storage space. Up to 64 gig cards as well... so very good.--------------------------------------------------------All in all I am glad I chose this over an iPhone. The expandable storage was the primary reason I did, but it does have many really neat features as well. The one thing I really wish it had was Siri. I realize Apple is keeping it as an iPhone only app to try to keep customers buying the phone, but honestly all they really have to do is make an android version and completely overcharge for it.

This phone is new for me as an upgrade. I had my old phone for quite a while, so to have this phone is really moving up for me. However, though I love it, the internet appears a little slow to me. Also, I wish it was just a little more &#34;user-friendly&#34;.

I have had this phone for roughly 4 days. I don't play any games. I just check email, respond to afew text messages, check the news, and receive a small number of phone calls. My battery life on this phone has been roughly 10 hours and then it dies on me. I was really excited about this phone, but I need a smartphone that will be last close to 18 to 24 hours. My last phone the HTC Arrive had no problem with that. I do wish Sprint gets another windows phone soon. Android is popular, but not practical for many of us.

So first thing's first: I am a HUGE Apple fan! I have a macbook, I have the iPad, which is amazing. I have 2 iPod touch devices. When it came to buying my cell phone, I had my sights on the iPhone. It's the phone I had wanted for so long. I was so excited just thinking about it.But then I saw the Samsung Galaxy S3. I fell in love right away. It has a bigger screen, better resolution (in my opinion) than the iPhone. It has all the same functions the iPhone has AND more. It's also a more powerful phone, with more memory and more storage capacity than the iPhone. Plus, the Android market has many free and low priced apps. Apple CANNOT compare! Plus, I found a few areas here in my city where 4g is available, and the phone is just flawless with it.  I'm really happy with my purchase so far. However, I feel that Android is not nearly as user friendly as Apple's products. It kind of took me a bit to learn about the phone, but I'm getting the hang of it. Mind you, I'm a techie sort of person. It's easy to use once you figure it out, and it's even more comfy than iOS6, but I don't think it's as easy as iOS6. Also, battery life is AMAZING! I love it! I tried a little experiment where I charged the phone once in a day. The phone passed the test! It last nearly 26 hours without getting recharged. Definitely better than my blackberry! I love how I don't have to worry about charging the phone all the time, it's definitely good to know it can a whole day without me having to charge it.I highly recommend this phone! It is worth the money! You're getting more phone for the same or less than an iPhone 4S/5.

I loved my Galaxy, the original.  I dropped it hundreds of times.  It was really reliable.  I never used a screen protector and the screen looked pretty good after 2 and a half years of carelessness.  So I was really excited to get the S3.  I also bought each of my daughters this same phone.All 3 of us have had major problems with this phone and they are all less than 6 months old. 2 are only 3 months old.I dropped my phone once, just once, while it was in an otterbox-style case. My screen cracked so horrifically that it's shedding slivers of glass.  This is supposedly gorilla glass but it must be the thinnest layer of gorilla glass ever used.  Not at all the quality of the original Galaxy.  My oldest daughter dropped hers also and it's missing huge chunks of screen.Both of my daughters have major issues with the phone charger connections.  My younger daughter's phone was supposedly &#34;fixed&#34; by Sprint but still won't charge.  I gave her my charger hoping it was just a bad charger but it's not.It's going to cost me a ton to replace these.  Even if the phone that just has a charging issue and might be replaced under warranty (I'm going to guess I'm in for a fight on that though) will only be replaced by a crappy refurbished phone and not a new phone.  There is no excuse for a smartphone that can't stand up to normal usage for 3 months.  Products should improve with each model but,as I've already stated, this is a huge step backwards.  I'm so incredibly disappointed. And angry.  Really, really angry.

We upgraded from the HTC Evo.  If you can't afford the Galaxy 4s, this is a great alternative. Awesome pictures and fits well in my son's hand.

The Samsung Galaxy III 16MB is by far the best cellphone I've had. I was very happy the first 2-months of ownership. I chose not to purchase a case because I was told the unit has gorilla glass and it was scratch proof. I do belive the unit is scratch proof however the unit slipped out of my hands once and landed on the asphalt (about a 2-1/2 foot drop) glass side down. My initial thoughts were, I hope I didn't scratch it, I turned the phone over to see the screen SHATTERED, not a scratch or crack but hundreds of spider webb like crack. This should really be addressed by Samsung because they are going to lose many customers because of this DEFECT. The repair cost are $178.00 which is ridiculous when you bought the phone for $199.99.

Quickly got a brand new phone in the mail, only cost a penny (and updated my 2 yr contract no extra cost) online set up was super easy. Extremely satisfied and have had no problems

Samsung Galaxy S III 4G Android Phone, Blue 16GB (Sprint)The new Samsung Galaxy III has blown me away. I have been a Sprint subscriber for 13 years and used only Samsung phones initially. Due to work related requirements, I switched to the Blackberry for the past four years. Well, the BB died on Friday and now resides where dead BBs go.I feel as if I have been hurled into the 22nd Century! I do not have ample words to describe my joy and pleasure with my new Sam Gal III! I am in love with this new device. Granted, I am still learning, however, I am absolutely smitten by the ease of use and sheer simplicity of the phone. So far, the calls are great and everything is humming along smoothly.My single complaint and is not about the phone, I don't think. When the tech at Radio Shack transferred my contacts, many are now showing two and up to four times. By the way, the phone has a great "join" feature that is helpful. I can only wonder if they were already in the BB in multiples.I will be back in about a month after the honeymoon to let you know if we are still a happy couple. I will also be able to talk more about the technical aspects of the phone. In the meantime, I rate this puppy 5 stars! Note: I inadvertently posted this under the Verizon phone. I am a loyal Sprint Customer and this is exactly where this review belongs.

This phone is by far the best I've had yet.  Camera, sound, video, memory and even the actual phone related features are good - not great, but good.  If only they could make phones that increase the effectiveness of whatever network you're on, that'd be perfect.  You hear me S4?  Overalll - "Friggin schweet!"

If I'm was to sum what I think of this phone in one word I'd have to say simply (AWESOME)!

Upgraded from a Samsung Captivate to the S3.  Slightly larger than the Captivate, but not prohibitively so.  I love the bigger screen and the resolution is incredible.  I was already familiar with Android,so no big adjustments or surprises there.  One thing to be aware of:  If you use Windows 7 64 bit pc's, this phone will not connect using the provided data cable.  I fought this intermittently for a few days, searching the internet and downloading (supposedly) the latest usb driver from the Samsung website.  Didn't work.  Contacted Samsung Support, and after a couple of hours, their best recommendation was to do a hard reset on the phone and see if that cleared up the problem.  It didn't.  Tried it unsuccessfully, then contacted support again.  The first guy I talked to asked what operating system.  When I told him Windows 7 64 bit, he immediately said "that's your problem.  The phone won't connect using data cable.  We're aware of the problem and are working on it.  No fix yet."  I spent a couple of minutes voicing my opinion on releasing a new phone with this kind of issue.  Didn't change a thing, but made me feel a little better.  After this, I went ahead and signed up for Google Drive.  Works great, and is really less aggravation than using the data cable.  I'm sure Samsung will, or may have already developed a fix, but after using Drive for a few days, I'm not too concerned about it.  Also, if you have a wireless network at home, you can use the Kies Air app.  Kind of clunky, but usable.One other small issue, and I've read other people complaining about this also.  I don't particularly care for having an actual "physical" HOME button.Neither of these issues is a show stopper, and in general I love the phone.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a great smartphone.

I absolutely love this phone. It was delivered way faster than I expected. The phone is a great product and I have been enjoying all I can do with it.

I replaced my HTC Shift phone with the Samsung Galaxy S3. I miss my slide out keyboard but everything else is far superior to my old phone. The camera rocks, the speed rocks, closing all apps from the task manager rocks. The phone rocks. ;) I was bummed about the lack of Adobe flash player, but a google search produced directions on how to install it. I did it. It was easy and works perfectly. [...]I'm not posting spam, I swear. If you don't want to click the link, then google play adobe flash on android. You are welcome. :)Oh yeah, my only gripe so far is the location of the power button.  I hit it everytime I grab my phone.  It should be on the top not the side.

Well lets make this short before 30 days amazon replaced both phone sprint has replaced both 3 times sprint support suck wend you call all they want you to do is a wipe out never fix's it cant wait for my 2 years going to Verizon

I love this phone I went from a blackberry flip phone to this phone and I can do every thing on it that I would do on a computer. I just wish I would have bought on sooner but then I would have paid more money for it!!

I was surprised by how nice this phone was. Couldn't even tell it was used before and with the update to kitkat, does the same as an S5 does.

I have been a consumer of Android goods for quite a while. I have owned an Android tablet and too many different phones :). However, not only is the Galaxy SIII the best phone out on the market, it is a joy to use. The design is sleek and beautiful with or without a case. I do not recommend an Otterbox for this phone. A simple soft rubber case with bumpers to prevent damage from falling flat on the screen should work fine. The phone is thin and light for a reason--don't cover it up with a bulky case! The size of the phone may seem daunting, but as soon as you start using the screen you start wondering how you ever managed with a smaller screen. It is simply a perfect size, and has the speed anyone could ask for in a 4G phone.

There are many great things about this phone. Trust me, I immensely enjoyed it for the first few months I had it. However, imagine this: I had it in my pocket and was casually leaning against a wall. I get it out of my pocket and there is an inch long crack that magically appeared. Now recently, it slipped out of my hands when I was sitting down onto carpet and now I had a spiderweb crack. I rarely drop my phone, and really, I've had an iPhone and iTouches and those things are DURABLE. This is not, the Gorilla Glass 2.0 is extremely weak. If you research this issue, there are tons of people who were screwed over by this defect.So, hopefully this warns you to get the insurance if you're going to drop that much money on this phone.

Not a single complaint.  Fast, great screen resolution, awesome camera and just like every other droid phone - enough apps to choke a horse with if you have the time.

It's a great phone! I was hoping to be able to get the s4 but I do not regret getting this phone at all. It does everything I need it to and more. It arrived on time and no issues to date.

This is the best phone ever,  it's super fast,  you can use two apps at once,  although that isn't as helpful as you would think because you devide the screen  in half,  but it can come in handy.  You can share files by touching another similar phone,  my wife has the same phone and we use the Samsung link to share photos and music between our phones and home computer,  no matter where we are,  as well.  the phone itself ifs very stylish as well,  not to mention thin.  the only downside is it's so sleek,  it can skip out of your hand easy,  so you need a really good case to protect it,  but they aren't that expensive.  I've raved to everyone I know about this phone,  many of my friends with Iphones  are thinking about switching.

This phone is amazing on every level.  I have never been a fan of the Touch Wiz UI, but this I do not mind at all.  I can't put the thing down.Pro's:-Graphics are amazing.  When playing games like Riptide GP or Sonic.-Wifi work great-Sound Quality is loud and superb-2 Gig of Ram (even running widgets a few of the screens doesn't use much)-Snapdragon S4 processor is amazingly fast-The screen size is fantastic, even the small difference from the Galaxy Nexus to this is noticable-Battery life is great-Webpages load quicker than on my transformer primeCon's-Don't like the folder option, prefer to stack apps like you can on galaxy nexusThis is my second day with the phone.  I wanted to share my brief experience with it thus far.  I was showing it to some people at work who are all about Iphones and they loved this phone as well.  If you are looking for a phone with awesome graphics, great sound and just an excellent overall experience than get this phone.  I have used many smartphones and this is by far the best one out their so far.  You will not be sorry if you purchase this phone, unless you are a loyal apple fan.  I hear people complain that their are not as many apps out their for android as their are iphones.  While I know a few iphone apps that are not available on android phones, most everything you can get on iphone you can get on android.Do yourself a favor...Buy this phone you will have no regrets

The US version of the phone differs as it has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Processor with 1.5 GHz Dual-Core CPUs, while the the rest of the hardware specs are the same as the international version.I switched from an HTC EVO 4G to get this phone and so far it's been great! Here are the things I like about the phone:* The phone is a nice size, it's lighter than my HTC EVO 4G.* The processor is one of the fastest US released Android phone, and it comes with 2 GB of RAM.* I played around with the camera and video camera and the quality is great in my opinion. (I'll post some pics or a video later.)* The ICS 4.0 is really snappy and it opens up applications quickly.* It comes with Google Wallet. I signed up and got a free $10 to use. (I'm going to McDonald's to test it out!)* I've only use the S Voice application a few times, but it seems to be just like Siri on my wife's iPhone 4S.* It comes with a micro SD slot in case more space is needed to save pictures, videos, etc.* You can change out the battery if needed.* Battery life last twice as long compared to my HTC EVO 4G.Now for some cons:* This is carrier related and not the phone itself, but there is no 4G LTE on the Sprint Network. Other networks such at AT&T; and Verizon should be better, but I'm stuck with 3G speeds for now.* The phone is so nice, that I baby it all the time!I was on the fence about getting this phone or the HTC EVO 4G LTE aka HTC One X. The main things that I like over the the Samsung Galaxy 3 over the HTC EVO 4G LTE is that it comes with the Micro SD slot and also the battery can be changed if it ever goes bad.I love this phone! :)

I'm not gonna bore you with all the details and apps with this phone....you can read all about them from other reviews.  I just bought this phone, and I must say that I paid a lot more than what Amazon is listing.  This has been the best phone I have ever had to date, easy to get up to speed and use.  I haven't even looked at the instructions that came with the phone....yet.  Amazing, amazing phone that I think my 86 y.o. mother could manuver.  Intuitive, fast, easy.....doesn't get any better than this.  I've always been a fan of Samsung products, but this is over the top fabulous.  The photos are clear, crisp, and of SLR quality.  It has so many features that I haven't even discovered yet.  If you want one stellar phone, this is the one to look at.  I have never been disappointed with Samsung products and this bangin, hot phone is no different.

This is my first Android with a cell plan. It is my second Samsung product and my third ICS device. After this week, it is now my hands down favorite "toy" and I can hardly put it down!Pros:Very fast processor. Tasks that make my 2 tablets hesitate, this thing chews them up. That little circle that says "loading"? Still looking for it.Display is a beauty. I love the crisp, saturated display and the stock jellyfish screen saver so far is my favorite. Watching Netflix is nice. This is where the 5 display really shows off the advantage. Having three kids, this was a selling point.Charges really fast, and has a decent battery life. Charged mine at 9am and it is 8pm, I still have 26% battery. I have made a half hour worth of phone calls, taken several photographs, surfed on the web, downloaded and personalized apps on my phone - etc.The camera is nice. Very little lag on the shutter. Pics are crisp and in focus.Cons:I don't particularly care for the home button, however I think I can live with it.The cell signal seems a bit weak, in areas I should have had service I got only roaming. This is standing side by side with a fellow sprint customer holding an iPhone.The body of the phone could have been a little nicer, IMHO. The little android Galaxy Player 5 I have feels more substantial. But the upside is this device feels light as a feather.USB cable, again this feels more flimsy than the SGP5 that I have. Could have been a bit thicker.So I currently have it in an Otterbox defender case and am loving it! I was teetering between the SG2 and the SG# and don't regret spending the extra 98.99 at all.

I really like the phone, but the music sound quality is the worse I have ever heard. I have had HTC and Blackberry both puts this Samsung S3 to shame when it comes to sound quality and the head phones that comes with it you should put in the trash it's that bad. Now other then that the phone is wonderful I really like it, there's so many things you can do with it, also the picture quality is wonderful matter of fact everything else bout the phone is wonderful,but the sound quality is the very worse I mean worse and I say again worse I have ever heard in my life and I'm 57 y/o. Now if you like music as I do there is a fix. The fix is PlayerPro Music player which you get from the Android market, now is cost a few dollars but it's well worth the money, that's if you like your music to sound true stereophonic. PlayerPro music app is the best , you set up the sound quality to what you like. It really makes a difference. Someone need to tell the people who created this phone to fix their music sound quality cause it's sucks. I'm so thankful for the people who created PlayerPro.

I was lied to and deceived. I did not pay attention to my bill will I was waiting to get approved I did not see a total. Which later was $49.00.  I went with Sprint, from the beginning they were terrible at there service. My phone was activated by my son to make sure all was well with the phone, when I tried using it a couple of weeks later it had been suspended according to Sprint for my protection ( no one was using the phone no calls in and no calls out). The plan that I had to get gives me a limited amount of minutes, the call drops constantly. I was told that the tower near me was being worked on yet when approaching the border to Mexico the calls get dropped a couple of miles prior (while still in the U.S). I was also charged a deactivation fee that time they disconnected my line.

This phone is leaps and bounds better than the htc evo I had previously.  the interface has been easy to learn.  the battery life is actually close to what the manufacturer has stated.  camera takes great pictures if your stnading still.

My GS3 alarm clock goes off in the morning and I say "SNOOZE...". It obliges and snoozes. I finally wake up grab my GS3 and head out to work and I think to myself "Danggit, did I remember to bring my phone? Oh yea, its in my pocket." Despite its big screen, its so thin I barely even notice that its in my pocket. I seat in my car and place GS3 to my cell phone mount which has an NFC chip sticker applied to it so whenever I set my phone on the mount it automatically launches my Google Navigation (by far the best turn by turn NAV by the way). I hook my audio cable to GS3 and launch Spotify, and I am set and ready to go. I stop by CVS to pick up some things and suddenly remember that I forgot to bring my wallet! But no worries, GS3 to the rescue! I take GS3 out and use Google Wallet to pay for my items. Boy, was that close, whew! Thanks GS3!!!!

What I like:Huge, beautiful screen. The phone is super thin and light, and feels amazingly good in the hand. While it's shiny/glossy, it does not slip out of my hands that easily.Loads of cool features and ways to be productive.I like the pre-installed navigation and mapping google apps, face recognition for unlocking phone, awesome video playback colors.S Voice is not perfect, but not as bad as Siri.Super fast processing, as well as snappy download/upload speeds on Verizon.Some minor annoyances:Headphones are kind of crappy. First of all, white with a blue phone? Seriously? Second, the volume and end call buttons are way too high on the cable -- too close to the head to see what you're pressing. And I'm not a big fan of ear buds that work like earplugs by going into the ear canal. I prefer the kind that hang in your ear by the edges.Takes jumping through some hoops (and finding/installing some apps) to move files between the phone and your computer, especially if you have a Mac.No resize picture before send feature. Again can be remedied by installing an editor app, but would be nice to have as part of the flow from taking a pic/screenshot to attaching it to a txt, etc.Would have liked to be able to attach a wrist lanyard. I like having those on my phones for safety (easy to catch if it's slipping out of your hand), and convenience.As a note, all the apps I've had to install to mitigate the problems listed above are free, though paid ones that do similar things seem to be more prominent and popular in Google Play store.

Had S2 and upgraded to S3 loveit.  great deal for the price.  Arrived within two days.  Best phone I've had to date.

As someone who never used his old phone that much, actually hardly at all I wasn't sure why I wanted to upgrade to a newer model. Honestly it took me months of debating with myself before before I finally made the decision to purchase this phone.  And because I was an existing Sprint customer I was able to buy it from Amazon at a great price. I thought the phone would be hard to learn, it wasn't. I thought it would be confusing, not at all.  Now that I own it you can bet I'm using it on a daily basis. One of the best uses I have for it personally is when I'm sitting in the doctors waiting room ( I have four doctors) and instead of thumbing through the magazines I can now use my phone to keep myself entertained. Even when I'm called into the examining room, where as we all know you spend another fifteen minutes or so of waiting I still use my phone for games until the doc finally walks in.  The built cameras are very nice and easy to work as is every other function of this phone. Sure my monthly bill is more now but like every thing else you have to pay for what you want. And if you want a new phone then get this one and use it for your own reasons just as I do with mine.

I went from using a HTC Design to the Samsung Galaxy III and I must say that there is a HUGE difference!More power, faster processor...Battery life is just as long as the HTC (especially since I turned off many things that I don't use that suck up battery life).Many more apps that I can use with this phone.The only thing I didn't like were the positions of the buttons on the phone. I'm used to the power being at the top, not the side.I'll adjust.

Worse piece of crap I have ever owned. I have spent more time trying to figure why things keep appearing  I didn't want, or on the phone with customer service, than actually using the thing. Safe mode is suddenly on the phone, and takes time to remove it, but it magically appears again. Text  increases in size, by some mysterious process. Volume  goes up and down all by itself. That's just for starters. Maybe I got a bad piece of junk, but NEVER will purchase a phone made by Samsung again.

I'm a novice with smart phones so I don't understand much. It's more trial and error with me. It would be nice if there was a place to go, whether on the phone or online, that answers questions as I present them such as: what does a flashing purple light mean? Or how can I install instant messaging software?The phone seems to generate a lot of excitement with smart phone users but I don't find many people who are very familiar with all its features. It's more of a novelty item.

The phone has a lot of good software making it an excellent phone compared to the others I have had. The only complaint I have is that mine runs very warm, almost hot, almost all the time. The screen is amazing, it is fast with most applications, and it rarely crashes compared to other designs I have had. I have recently used the Nexus S, Photon 4G, and Evo 3d - I would rate this phone much higher than the others. The battery is not able to run a full day for us (my wife and I both have the S3) due to the fact we like to play movies and games on it instead of the computer for ease of moving around - but if we did not use it for so much that was screen intensive it would last a lot longer.I would definitely recommend it to someone else and will try to stay in the series with the next upgrade in 2 years.

Not sure why this phone is so popular. Android malware continues to crop up regularly, with a new one just found today that bricks your phone. The hardware quality on these phones are cheap also. Maybe I'm missing something?

I love this phone! My husband bought it for me as a Christmas/Anniversary gift. I have had it for seven months and I have no issues with the phone. My friend has an iphone and I haven't had any of the problems she has had with her phone. It doesn't freeze. Android offers lots of different Apps. It is so easy to use that my son with special needs is able to find his apps with ease and has figured out how to download his own. I love the camera features. I love the fact that the video isn't like the iphone. It doesn't record in small screen. The video quality is amazing.

Along with my multi-thousand dollar 50" DLP TV, which had a defective chip that they came out and replaced 2 years outside of warranty for free because it was a quality issue, my Web-Connected BluRay Player and dozens of DVD & BluRay Burners, and many other Samsung products, I have owned Samsung phones of various models (Brick / Clam, Moment, Epic 4G, Epic 4G Touch, Galaxy SIII, etc) over the years, never with an issue. UNTIL NOW.Most recently, I had the original Galaxy S (Epic 4G on Sprint). Like most normal people, this phone was regularly dropped, carried in my pocket for nearly 2 years with normal wear and tear. Beyond a small chip on the edge of the plastic, it never had an issue. I work an office job, I'm not some construction worker that ran it over with a truck or something.Because of all the good experience, I decided to fork over another $200 and be locked into a 2 year contract to get the new Galaxy S3 a few weeks ago - it is an amazing phone - however, last week i dropped it FROM LESS THAN 2 FEET and to my horror, the screen is completely shattered. To top it off, just from being set down on tabletop surfaces (like my desk at work), the entire case is scratched, dented, and chipped - even the camera lens is so cheap that it's scratched to the point that the camera can't focus to take a decent picture - everything comes out blurry.Obviously, without paying the $150 deductible to Sprint to get the phone replaced with another remanufactured version of this same cheap plastic phone, Samsung has left me out to dry. Multiple drawn out phone calls with their foreign reps who barely speak English, where the rep says they will "transfer me to a supervisor" and actually hangs up on me.Apparently this is a common problem, I've found HUNDREDS of nearly identical stories to mine online, so I can't imagine this won't become a class action lawsuit unless Samsung works to make this right. Even if it means trading down to a higher-quality build (perhaps the Galaxy Nexus doesn't have these problems?).I can say that for me, if Samsung doesn't fix this, I'll never again buy one of their products.None of the executive customer care numbers seem to work anymore. Help!

Coming from a blackberry I forget to check my emails daily. It definitely has a learning curve, but I learn something new every day getting me closer to being a master. I also recommend this over a blackberry because I can do so much more. It also allows me to take credit card payments from square the most affordable credit card acceptance company.

Its pretty antient by todays trends but still a worthy contender for those that want a good phone at a good price point.  Has a 4 row virtual keyboard EVEN with the recent update.  I was hoping to see a top number row to make a great 5 row virtual keyboard. Dont believe you'll be disappointed.

i've had mine - 16gb s3 running jellybean - for 10 days now.  it replaced an htc evo that was handed down to me from my son, which when we got it in 2010 was one of the better android phones available, but which neither he nor i ever liked very much.  the difference is unbelievable.the s3 is ridiculously fast, intuitive, and generally gorgeous.  the screen is huge and bright and the phone is very lightweight and fits nicely in my medium sized girl hands.  i'm still in 'what fun can i have with this phone today' mode and even with all the playing and experimenting and downloading and whatever, the battery lasts for a full day or more.  (i got some good advice to drain the battery to 15% or less before recharging the first few times, and that seems to have worked well.)  phone calls are clear and reception is good.  jellybean is many orders of magnitude better than the evo's android version.  i am adoring the power and flexibility so far - and i haven't even scratched the surface of all the cool things this phone can do.sorry i only have 2 thumbs up and 5 stars to give.edited to add:  it looks like a lot of the bad reviews here were because of broken screens and subsequent unsatisfactory warranty options.  i thought it well worth an extra $20 for a case and high end screen protectors - i know too many people who have cracked screens on their phones.  other than that, most of the problems mentioned are on earlier versions of the phone/os, and these are not showing up on my phone w jellybean.  well, except for the s3 not being an iphone or an evo or a droid.  happily, that won't change.

Wow great phone!  After a month or so, I got my 1st bill and Sprint had added tons of extra fees. When I called and told the rep that I was shocked with the extra charges, the rep asked me to hold as he transferred me to someone that can help.  I was shocked when they answered "Sprint Cancelations, can I help you?"Added later: Sprint has been upgrading to the new 4G network.  What this means for me?  No calls in Orange, CA for 2 months!  Now I have calls again, but still  no internet for the last couple months.  I call sprint, they don't care. They gave me $25 off my $200 bill.  (Was not supposed to be $200 when signing up through Amazon)Also I should add that any changes to your plan such as add/remove personal wifi Sprint will renew your contract.  I did ask and Sprint told me it would not renew from the change.

This rating is awesome it gives it so Mitch more excitement In your life phones are so nice but some are extremely expressive to get but not this one

great product!  super deal

I've contended with many thoughts leading up to writing a review for this phone I've had since December 2012. Nothing can truly sum up the frustration I've dealt with surrounding the usage of this phone, and in particular the COVERAGE provided via SPRINT. I've come up with a few terse statements that might figure well; following that I'll break down the Pro's, Con's and provide any other commentary for the wary buyer (this is YOUR MONEY we're talking about after all)"A dismal, horrible wreck.""Just like Gremlins; a cute Gizmo with tons of....well, GREMLINS.""The most frustrating buy of 2012""Infuriating."Plus, the statement you will doubtlessly find yourself repeating over and over:"What the #@&*!"Objective:This phone has endless media coverage. Particularly, with SPRINT's *alleged* 4G UNLIMITED DATA plan. You've seen it glorified and posted in every sporting event, and during the moronic pageantry of WWE "wrestling". BUT IT DOESN'T MAKE THE CUT. I sincerely can say it's the worst purchase I've made since buying a ticket to see BONES starring Snoop Dogg.Background:I live in the San Fernando Valley. CALIFORNIA. This is NOT THE BOONIES. It's not completely metropolitan, but it's hardly a RURAL WASTELAND...or desert for that matter. My problem is, the coverage for this device is DISMAL. I mean it is TRULY USELESS.Unless you are a stationary person who can find a key spot in the entire city (there are FEW) where the actual data plan provides adequate coverage you WILL NOT BE ABLE TO USE THIS DEVICE TO ITS ALLEGED ABILITY.I've had this phone since December, it makes phone calls at a good percentage. I would say that at least 90% of the time I make a phone call it goes through without getting dropped. That is, UNLESS you're in a vehicle or walking. Stand STILL. It will work.I've experimented with SPRINT's coverage by walking several blocks in any location I have stopped at. The fact of the matter is that DATA coverage drops at a rate of nearly ONCE every 30 FEET. I know this is grossly inaccurate and UN-SCIENTIFIC, but i simply do not have the resources to present my argument FACTUALLY. I am merely speaking from experience.If you purchase this phone and wish to send an email or a picture via text to take advantage of the UNLIMITED DATA PLAN, you must first expect it to not go through. (MMS photo messages may take about 5-10 minutes to locate and download, but DATA simple data transfers *even EMAIL will seldom go through without encountering a NETWORK ERROR)If the battery module describes a lifetime of 8 hours and 25 minutes, expect it to work that long if you leave it at home in a drawer. This really translates to about 2 hours with infrequent usage.If you disable the WIRELESS signal option (to access WI-FI) it will inadvertently keep turning itself on. I've noticed that many people have commented on this. God help the person who's trying to be thrifty on their data usage plan.ALSO the keypad will inadvertently stop and an error message often comes up "Sorry, the key pad has stopped working". In order to resume typing anything you have to close the current window and recover exactly where you were at before.Initially the phone didn't come with a manual either. I found some manuals online, but on a first try I noticed that the file form was incompatible with the device. It is not equipped with a ADOBE FLASH file. You MAY however locate an older version on the adobe site for free.*If you manage to stay stationary and send a picture file or document, or download said documents, it will drain your battery life expontentially. (I'd guess at 4x the rate)My Phone account came with a $50 GOOGLE PLAY option for use (cross promotion) which has been useless for me. I "purchased" several albums on google play only to find out that they're actually and more accurately "RENTALS". You RENT the file on a server, and GOD HELP YOU IF YOU CANNOT ACCESS A SIGNAL TO STREAM ANY OF THE CONTENT.This even happens with BOOKS....  YES, BOOKS.A similar thing occurs when ATTEMPTING to watch a YOUTUBE video. My phone sometimes indicates a "4G" zone, but as soon as i activate a video on the YOUTUBE app, the 4G stops working and I see a swirling load arrow. This happens FAR TOO OFTEN TO BE CONSIDERED A QUALITY PRODUCT.SUM?: USELESSYou WILL ENCOUNTER THIS MESSAGE FREQUENTLY: "NO SIGNAL FOUND FOR MOBILE NETWORK", therefore I believe I have been suckered and baited into a worthless contract with a device that bears a slight resemblance to something of quality. What I have is truly a compact portable semi useful EXPENSIVE 8 Megapixel camera.It's taken me a long time to write this review and I hope it can assist someone else out there in making a proper decision. I believe most of the blame is upon the carrier. I'm going to see if i can transfer my 2 YEAR plan to another phone. This is ATROCIOUS. If you don't understand the level of frustration I feel, just buy one for yourself. Do a test drive, bring a friend out and see who gets browser results, who can stream video, who can get coverage.I feel nothing but disdain for this purchase and my hope rests on the dream that the resultant shoddiness of the product will nullify my contract, or that i may get in on a class action civil lawsuit by people who have purchased this phone.That said, I'll leave you with the positive:1) It's a phone and you can call people most of the time2) It has a pretty good resolution screen that seems to make some files look crisp3) If you like android devices, it doesn't crash or mess up TOO often.4) It has optional memory retention on keyboard devices, a talk to text option (my contractor friend loves this)and a stylus/finger to text option5) If you're a woman, it looks cute.6) Well, this one is far-fetched. BUT, if you happen to have problems with communication in your family, I suggest you buy one of these under the SPRINT network contract for your CHILD. Why, you ask?Well, because the sheer amount of frustration and resultant anger will DEFINITELY result in a conversation; perhaps the bunch of you will agree upon a common enemy. THIS PHONE. THIS PLAN.Horrible. Avoid at all costs, ask around. I won't even suggest any other phones, this is a candid, honest review from a guy stuck in a contract.

Samsung sucks. My samsung phone I have had for 11 months stopped working and was sent back to the company for repair. They have a loop hole for almost every phone they have produced. The letter which was returned with my phone stated I had water damage and corrosion, I took my phone to the Samsung rep and had them open the back of the phone to see for myself. Although my phone shows not signs of moisture (the moisture tabs they have hidden in your phone showed it had not been dropped in water which the samsung reps agreed with) the million dollar computer that Samsung has purchased determined that moisture had gotten into my phone and therefore, the warranty is void. When I ask how it had moisture if the moisture tabs were not compromised I was informed that my Galaxy 3 phone is not sealed and can get moisture in it from walking outside while it is raining, having the phone sit on my counter while in the shower, and basically taking it anywhere including outside where there is humidity. We live in the south is is always humid. So Samsung invested over 1 million dollars to void every warranty of every customer that has done any of the above (ie. living in the South). Way to go samsung screw your customers when they have done nothing wrong.

I enjoyed using this phone for up to one month now. Honestly, I dont see what the hue and cry is all about. The phone is quite large which is good for receiving emails without cramping your eyes but honestly, it is very bulky to carry around. I can even use it with one hand. It feels like im making calls with a tablet.

This phone is amazing! I had the new HTC for about a week becuz the salesman talked me n2 it claiming it was so much better..not! It was not user friendly at all...took it back for the s3, best decision ever! So many software options and very stylish. A lot lighter than the HTC with its heavy casing. Mostly about preference and I prefer Samsung any day!

Its a very pushy thing, but its my first smart phone.  I'm thinking of it as my handheld computer with a phone app.

In addition to the lack of LTE capabilities in the North Texas area, the Samsung S3has a short battery life that requires phone to be charged multiple times daily.I am now on my third battery.  The carrier launched this phone prior to having its LTE  network up and running. My phone was purchased in May.  It is now November and still no 4G LTE service.Tech support from Sprint is poor.  There is no consistency in customer care in the stores or on the phone. Updates for jelly bean are slow to be released, which may offer some relief.  Cannot imagine listening to music on this device because of battery issues.  Volume control is also poor.Samsung helped me thru a forced reset of the device.  It has not resolved the issues.  I have heard these same criticisms  from other Sprint customers and non-affiliated phone salesmen.

The signal strength for this phone is not good. It might be Sprint service and not so much the phone, although the connection wasn't this bad with my old sprint phone. Live and work in downtown Chicago and constantly have to deal with dropped calls, bad call connection, or not getting service at all. Unacceptable!Otherwise, the S3 is a very nice phone.

I would recommend another network to really test the true powers of the SIII.  I just decided to scrap the Sprint network, pay the $350 early term fee and switch to Verizon.  The SIII is MUCH better on a decent 4G network.  Sprint's network is going back to 3G as they junk their sub-par existing 4G network and finally build a 4G LTE network.  Perhaps this will eventually resolve all the dropped calls, GPS slowness, and browsing errors that the traditional Sprint network give me.  As far as the phone though, 5 stars...Perhaps 6!!!  Just thought I'd ad my 2 cents, sure, the price is right but ultimately it's the service that you want to be reliable...Cheers!

Update April 14, 2013: I still love the phone, but not as much. I compare it to loving someone with something incurable, because you feel limited in the amount of love you can give it. In this case, the something incurable is the data/wifi coverage. It doesn't pick up my wifi signal strongly enough, even my disconnected phone still picks up my wifi and I use that for the internet when I can. The 4G? You can forget about it, because you'll drain the battery even faster as it searches for it. The 3G? We all know it's slow and also a battery eater, but most times I have to click on a link a few times just for the page to load. I get a lot of problem loading page errors. I have all of my bars too btw. Then the phone overheats. I've called Sprint and they did "refreshes" but I think that is about as useful as the button you push to cross the street, it's more of a feel good that someone is attempting to do something than the issue being resolved. I still have time and I'm glad I ran into these problems early enough I can send the phone back in hopes that I do not get a worse phone. Same model of course. Another issue is the video quality. Beautiful. But I can't send those (unless I bluetooth it) because a 30 sec video will be 35MB!! I tried the MMS friendly video captures, but they're horrible. Video quality of the first video phone. I just don't get it. And for these issues, I bring the rating from a 4 star to a 3 star. I'm not happy....the battery life sucks for it to be a high end phone. It overheats just from browsing the internet more than 10 minutes and with moderate use my battery will take me through the day. It's not terrible, but I feel like I am limited in how much I can use my phone as I was with my Samsung Replenish. Sometimes pictures do take a while to come through if I'm not actively on my phone.Other than that, the phone is awesome. Simple to use, I like being able to disable all the crap I don't use that came with the phone. Picture/video quality is amazing. No reception issues. It may scratch easily, but the phone itself is durable. Though I am iffy about the battery back after a year of taking it on and off, it's flimsy. Overall, great phone and not at all complicated. Oh and I got it in like two days.

Came from a iPhone after several years and had seen the droid in use several times by others.  Tried the Galaxy III and was severely disappointed; way too many bells and whistles that got in the way...AFter six weeks, cashed in and went back to iPhone. The phone has great displays and I won't discount the fact that the service I was using might have created some complications, but I don't have time to sort out nuances of various devices.  It's probably a great product...but not for me.

I had a Samsung Galaxy 1 and this 3 is an upgrade. I love it. I mostly use it for e-mailing (yahoo app), texting, checking stock quotes and surfing website via Firefox or the browser that comes with it.I just want to let everyone know if you drop the phone on regular streets, the screen will crack. It has happened to me on Galaxy 1 and just few days ago on Galaxy 3. Make sure you get a case.

Nice phone works good. Still learning things about it. Good buy I would recommend this phone to others that are interested in a new phone.

I've had this phone for a month now.  I like the phone.  Most of what the other people said it true, good and bad.  But the best part is pulling this out and comparing it with the iphones.  The phone doesn't seem that big, but put it up to the iphone.... and well... the iphone owners want to hide their little phone.  They all give me that same embarrassed look as they smile, and say with their faces,  "But it's an iphone."

This phone is FAST, it has the biggest screen available on a cell phone right now.  It also has 16G internal memory and 2g of RAM which at the time, was the most out there.  It also supports a 64G micro memory card!The display is very bright.As far as features, where do I begin....(I'll just touch on a few)*the features on the camera are good.  You can take a video AND make still pictures at the same time.  Panaramic feature is ok, but with one of the free apps out there it is incredible.*It has NFC which allows you to send files to another NFC phone simply by touching them.*Speaker is nice and loud compared to my previous phone.*With an OTG (on the go) cable you can use about any USB device, i.e. Mouse, Keyboard, flash drive.*Installed apps are good, has a good "Office" program installed.*Not sure of availablity, but mine came with Dropbox loaded with an ADDITIONAL 50G of Cloud Storage for 2 years. (Standard 2.5G with free service)  I know that this was a special promotion at the time, not sure if the 50G is still avaialable.*Very customizable and easy to do.*Almost all formats of video play.*Although this is a bigger phone that you might be used to, it is super thin.  Also very slick, but you can buy rubberized covers, or films that will eliminate the worry of it sliding out of your hand or off a table.***As with most smart phones, it does use battery.  However, if you're not one to have it going 24/7 the battery life is better than any of my previous 8 smart phones. (I got the first Smart Phone that was out.)  Even from dead, it charges pretty fast.***NEW Android update to Jelly Bean is out and available to Sprint SG3's but will be delivered to each device in whatever order they have decided.  I have had Jelly Bean on my Tablet for over 2 months now and it rocks!!!I am a bit of a high tech person, so I study the reviews and specs before I buy and I couldn't get this one quick enough.  I got it as soon as it came out.  I'm glad I did!********All in all, if I had to make a choice again, based on the phones that are out, I'd choose this one again, (yes even before the iP5).  My only regret is, this $99 promotion wasn't available when I got mine.

Decent case, slim and light weight. But the holes allow all kinds of dust in dirt inside. I pulled the case off and the phone had a polka dot dust print.

This is the first Android I've owned that I could compair to the iPhone, as far as user experience. I've only had it for a week, but so far I love it.Pros:-Sleek and very beautiful UI, easy to use and responsive.-Easy to hold, even with it's size.  This shocked me, since it's even larger than my EVO, but it's still easier to handle.-Fast- Very fast.  Everything I did was quick and I saw very little lag.-Camera- The camera app is very well thought out. You're able to take still shots during filming.  This is something I didn't realize I wanted, but can't live without now.  Lots of room for tweaking settings and functions.  Includes a "burst shot" mode, which will rapid fire the shutter and either let you choose the best shot from the set, or keep them all.  I found this useful while trying to take pictures of my kids.-S-Voice kicks Siri's butt.. Seriously, Samsung has built in a very powerful voice command program.  It does more than Siri can, and actually works well... Unlike Siri.  It followed my commands without a hitch, even with my 1 year old yelling and banging pans in the background.  It did however get caught up with "Dean" thinking I said Scene or bean.  It would catch it 50% of the time.  Once I started using first names only, it was fine.Cons:-Camera Quality- I have to stress that it has very decent quality, Just not as great as my EVO.. Of course I stopped using my EVO since it literally took 20 seconds for the shutter to fire. Both are 8MP, but I think the lens was higher quality on the EVO.-Occasional lockup-  I almost didn't put this in the review, because I'm not sure if this is the apps fault or the phones.  There were a few instances where the screen would go black and I wasn't able to tell if the phone was on or off.  Hitting the lock screen a few times would generally fix the issue.  This was a vary rare event.-Slight Lag on app switching, when leaving camera mode.  Not a huge deal, but worth noting.All in all, I am extremely happy with the phone, and highly recommend it.

I've had this phone for a little over a month, and I got it at a great price. Before purchasing this phone, I did a lot of research on the other phones that were being offered for similar prices.The space on a 16gb seems very substantial. Even with numerous apps and over 200 songs, I have yet to use more than half of my space.The screen is large enough to make texting on the touch screen a non issue and  I love the automatic updates.

This Android phone has come a long way compared to my previous Android phone, the original Evo. It's smooth, most apps on the iPhone are now on Android or has been updated on par to the iOS platform such as: Flipboard, Pulse, Facebook, Netflix, etc. In fact, I love the 4.8 inch screen and its high resolution. The CPU is fast.Now for my three star reason, the Samsung Galaxy S3's Bluetooth simply suck. I have a 2012 Honda Odyssey and 2011 Toyota Prius. Both cars have Bluetooth pairing issues like drop calls, can't download phonebook onto the car, or intermittent pairing issue. I've trouble shoot the cars with other phones and they work fine. In fact a quick search online shows that others are having the same problem with other car manufacturers as well.Since I drive to and from work about 80 miles a day, this is a very important feature for me.  Samsung, please fix the Bluetooth connectivity or you will lose both two customers from my household.

Phone came fast, took into sprint store and was up and running in no time. Easily got all info off my old phone onto this one. Will be ordering another in August when our next line is due for upgrade. Best $ ever spent.

Meet my expectations . Got a great deal on it!  Does a lot. Easy to use. My son is really enjoying his phone.

I bought this phone on "Black Friday".  Because of a multitude of strange little issues I actually ended up ordering the phone 3 different times, once on Amazon and twice on Sprint.  There was a back log and I had to wait for the phone but was pleased with my $49.99 purchase until New Years Day.  The phone is great and although the smart phone is much smarter than the user, pretty easy to use straight out of the box.  I upgraded from an EVO.However, on New Years Day I put it in my coat pocket and drove to a restaurant for lunch.  When I arrived I pulled the phone out and discovered that the screen was cracked.  No, I did not drop it, I did not hit it with anything, I did not sit on it, lean against anything etc.  I normally put it in my purse, a much scarier place than my coat pocket but I was babying my new toy!  I'm guessing it was a temperature thing but it wasn't like I pulled it from an oven and put it in the snow.  2 years of tossing my EVO around and dropping it a few times there isn't even a scratch!I tried to file a claim, the insurance with Sprint has a $150 deductible!  That is crazy for $11 a month and besides I believe it should have been covered under the warranty.  Sprint said no, that Samsung would never approve a warranty claim for a cracked screen no matter what caused the damage, it is physical damage and not a warranty issue.  So I call Samsung.  The first lady I talked to was nice took the information and transferred me to Oscar; clearly not his real name; who told me that same thing Sprint did, it isn't a warranty issue.  As Oscar put it, they sent me a phone with out a crack, it arrived without a crack and now it is cracked, that isn't a warranty issue.  When I continued to object he put the phone on mute, come on we all know that sound, I'm sure to tell his co-workers about the nice lady he was helping, and then came back with "is there anything else I can help you with today?"I am furious!  I have an expensive broken phone, a 2 year extension on my contract and few options.  Considering that I have been with Sprint for almost 15 years and never had any sort of claim I would really have thought they might step up and replace the phone, I guess they want me to be loyal.In doing some web surfing I found this problem pop up with other phones; maybe that is why Corning is working on Gorilla Glass III, and most folks seem to have the same frustration.  I hate class action law suits but I will jump in with both feet if someone decides to take this issue to the court house!

This is the second phone I have purchased in less then a week. This phone is so defective you can not hear the calls I would not recommend it. I knew $10.00 was a huge catch. I am going back to my Samsung 2. Not worth it. This is a reject phone!

I am an avid reader of consumer reviews when it comes to product that I would like to buy and I never really commented until now. The Samsung GS3 on Sprint is one of the best phones that Sprint has ever had in it's lineup. I have had the iPhone, the HTC EVO 4G (the top of the list) and many other smartphones. This phone does everything that it says it can do and is a real challenger to the Apple idea; that's why they fight them so hard in court.After reading a few comments I noticed that people confuse the phone with the service. Sprint is not being reviewed in this section because like or not, if you have Sprint you learn to accept the limitations of their service in some areas. This review is about an awesome phone that is the only real successor to the HTC EVO 4G crown. If you want to root your phones, be mindful that the ROMs are not as plentiful for Samsung as other manufacturers. Did I say awesome phone? Yes it is!!!!

No wonder this phone is  free(giveaway)by Sprint.Super Amoled phone has 720 HD screen. Personally, my daughter's Retina display Iphone 4s is way better. Phone call quality is about average in clarity.My main gripe is the horrible Sprint service. This replaced an EVO 3D. That older phone has better battery life ,gets fewer drop calls and connects faster via Sprints 4g. This S3 is incompatible with Sprint in Orlando. Why would Sprint even sell this 4g LTE phone when it wouldn't work with their 3g cell towers? Unacceptable!!! So slow whenever connected with 3g. I am always looking for free wifi around town. Sprint conned me in this one and I need a refund. Sprint should not be selling LTE phones when their towers are not ready yet. Buyer beware.

This is the greatest phone.  You don't need to be smart to operate this phone because it is smart for you and guide you on your way.  I really love, love, love that Navigation app that came with the phone.  It has become to be my best friend and is one of the best app on the phone.  This can easily be the last phone I will own or ever need.  Thank you Samsung!

Sprint won't match the price for existing customers and wouldn't cancel the plan, seeing as how I just paid up to next month. Thanks Sprint. Not the way to keep customers. Nice phone though.

Very satisfied with product.

This GS3 is an amazing phone. I have Sprint and the service has been very good. I use the phone mainly for texting and as tablet. The camera is excellent. The Nav app is excellent. I almost always use voice recognition for Nav, serfing and making calls. Voice recognition is 95% accurate.

Love the quality of the phone. Always wanted a Samsung Galaxy but the price was not in my budget and to be ale to buy at the price I did was absolutely incredible! My family and I are very happy with the product!

I really love this phone, still learning all the features but love it. Sorry i lost my earplugs that it came with now i will have to pay dearly for new ones.

Good phone, very comparable to the iphone but not as good.  Everything is kind of scattered around on this phone.

There is a ton of reviews, but I wanted to do one that is short.  So, here's the negatives in my opion...1.  Battery life - not very good.  I suggest a mophie case or a backup battery pack.2.  Screen doesn't rotate on home screen - would be nice when being used in my car mounted as a GPS.3.  Comes with limited backgrounds, screen savers, etc.4.  Spring has not pushed through the updates for Group messaging as Verizon has done with Android 4.1.2.  It appears we will have to wait until 4.2.2...whenever that shows up.  I included this because GS3s not on the Sprint GSM network have this capability.

I purchased this phone for my wife who really didn't want too upgrade from her S2, but needless to say the S2 took a swim in the bowl, so I convinced her to try the s3. Even though we live in a rural area, we are very close, and spend a lot time in a major market that has Sprints LTE, and Wimax. The signal strength is terrible!! We can be sitting right in the middle of the city and get terrible 3G, and no LTE signal, in fact she has to pull the battery just to get the phone to reboot, because it freezes up trying to get a signal. Needless to say, she want's her Samsung Galaxy S2 back to avoid the problems. Amazon was great offering last years &#34;latest & greatest&#34; phone at the awesome price.

Ordered my phone and it either was stolen in route to my place or was all together not sent to me.  when i contacted the rep was super helpful and provided me with the options of having one sent over night with a guarantee that it would be there or a full refund. i chose the former and received my phone the next day! i cant express my gratitude enough of how easily this was handled and how professional your representatives are!! thank you!

I wish I knew about these before I bought this phone...1) No international / unlock for this phone. The whole reason I got this phone, through this company, is because it said there was "international" service capabilities. This is not exactly true. They do NOT unlock these phones. meaning that if you go abroad, you have no choice but to use Sprint's international roaming service which is ridiculously expensive (I'm talking $2.49 per minute / $0.50 per text / 0.04 per KILO bite), instead of just unlocking it and switching to a local carrier for your trip. You could literally simply have your phone on, not make any phone calls or text and still wind up with hundreds of dollars of a bill just for roaming if you forget to place it on airplane mode.2) NO TETHERING!!! Well, there IS tethering, but it's an extra $20 a month if you want to use that service. Something I wrongly assumed would be free since there is "unlimited data" with this plan. All previous phones I had with other companies, you were free to use your data as you pleased, including tethering.The phone itself it not bad. I personally don't find it to be that amazing, it's just a smart phone with some cool features. I have never had a chance or a need to use any of the fancy s-beam stuff (looks cool, but really how much do you need that??).Oh, one more thing: this is a KNOWN issue, but Samsung refuses to recognise it and therefore cover it under the warranty - some of these phones fry SD cards. Mine has already fried three of them, and after this last one I just got tired of the wasted money / lost data and stopped using one in this phone. So there's that to... I checked to see if this was something that can be fixed, and that's how I found many tech forum discussions about this and learned it wasn't just my specific phone, but the Galaxy S-III model that tends to do this. Seems to be a "luck of the draw" kind of thing whether your phone does this or not.On the whole - not currently planning on breaking my contract over this, but do regret not knowing these things before I bought as I would have probably ended up going a different route. Regret giving up my service with T-mobile which I feel was MUCH faster on data (in the Los Angeles area, at least), and had free tethering and gave me a pretty sweet deal because I had been with them for so long. Will likely not renew the contract with Sprint and not get another Samsung phone (at least not through Sprint, not sure how it is with other companies in terms of international use) once I'm eligible for an upgrade unless these issues are resolved.

well guys dont listen to the hater applefanboy below i mean seriously why are you comparing to and iphone crap all you did was talk about siri plz next time talk about the phone not one featureProsState-of-the-art everything. Advanced call-quality features.ConsPlasticky body. Really, this lack of clarity on Sprint's LTE rollout is getting ridiculous.Bottom LineThe Samsung Galaxy S III is a top-of-the-line Android smartphone just waiting for Sprint to turn on its new LTE network.The new flagship smartphone from the world's number-one mobile phone company, Samsung's Galaxy S III ($199.99 with contract) is literally a huge achievement. If you love big phones with lots of options, the GS3 will deliver state-of-the-art performance with bonus sharing and media features that you're likely to continue discovering a year from now. Sprint subscribers now have two solid choices: The Galaxy S III ties with the HTC EVO 4G LTE ($199, 4 stars) as our Editors' Choice for touch-screen smartphones on Sprint.Editors' Note: The Samsung Galaxy S III models on all four major carriers are extremely similar, so we're sharing a lot of material between our various reviews. That said, we're testing each device separately, so read the review for your carrier of choice.Physical DesignAll of the new Galaxy S III models look the same, except for the carrier logo on the back panel. Each is available in dark blue or white (AT&T; also has a red option coming this summer), and they're some of the biggest phones we've ever handled. At 5.4 by 2.8 by 0.34 inches (HWD) and 4.7 ounces, the GS3 is slightly bigger than the already-large HTC One X ($199, 4.5 stars), although it's still noticeably smaller and lighter than the Samsung Galaxy Note phone/tablet hybrid ($299, 3 stars).  That said, this is not a phone for folks with small hands.View SlideshowSee all (5) slidesMoreI'm not a fan of the huge phone. But I've given up on panning them because every time I suggest these handsets are too big, I get pummeled by comments from people who adore them. Huge phones are the thing. I accept it.The all-plastic body feels a little less high-end than the exotic materials of the HTC One series, but the phone is solidly built, and light despite its size. The front of the phone is dominated by the 4.8-inch, 1280-by-720-pixel Super AMOLED HD screen. Yes, it's PenTile, which can sometimes look slightly pixelated. But, no, you probably won't notice. Below the screen, there's a physical Home button, as well as light-up Back and Multitasking buttons that start out invisible, so you have to memorize where they are or change a setting to keep them illuminated. The 8-megapixel camera is on the back panel, which, thanks to its reflective finish, doubles as a pocket mirror.The default Automatic Brightness setting makes the screen too dim. Kill it and pump up the brightness and it's fine, even outdoors. It's not as bright as the One X's Super LCD 2 display, but it's fine.Unlike the competing HTC One X, the S III has a removable 2100mAh battery. Taking off the back cover also reveals the microSD card slot, which supports cards up to 64GB.loading...Call Quality and InternetAre you willing for Sprint to pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today? The EVO 4G LTE  promises spectacular call quality with HD Voice...sometime in 2013, once Sprint gets the network running. But the GS3 lets you tweak your call quality now.Default call quality is good. Volume is on the high end of average, with no distortion from loud inputs. The speakerphone isn't quite loud enough to use outdoors, but it's fine for the car or a boardroom. The microphone does a good job of cancelling background noise. Bluetooth headsets work fine with Samsung's S-Voice voice dialing system.But as with so many things here, call quality gets richer if you burrow down into the GS3's menus. A Volume Boost button throws the phone into a super-loud, quasi-speakerphone mode for noisy areas, but that's just the start. Deep within the settings, there's an option to set custom call EQ. The phone plays you a sequence of quiet high and low tones and you tell it which ones you can hear, and then it EQ's calls accordingly. This is pretty radical stuff. I prefer my calls sharp, with more high-end, and the GS3 delivers.On data though, the Sprint GS3 is crippled. All new Sprint phones are. Although the phones support speedy LTE, Sprint has steadfastly refused to give us a rollout timetable for its new LTE network, leaving its high-end smartphones on the slowest 3G network in America. We tested Sprint LTE, and it's competitive with AT&T; and Verizon, but none of this matters a whit if Sprint won't tell us when anyone is getting it.This is why Sprint's Galaxy S III is getting a slightly lower rating than the other major carrier models. Sprint needs to get its act together. We will not give a Sprint phone a 4.5-star rating until the carrier gives its subscribers more information about LTE coverage.You'll have better luck getting your Internet via Wi-Fi on both the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands. Bluetooth 4.0 and NFC are also onboard, and Google Wallet is preloaded.Our battery test didn't complete because we ran out of time. But that's good; we just about ran down the battery with an 8 hour, 35 minute call. This phone has solid battery life, and considering the battery is removable, you can carry a spare. That's something you can't do with the EVO 4G LTE.Software and PerformanceThe Galaxy S III runs Android 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich" with a whole lot of exclusive Samsung extensions. Performance was excellent in my tests. The Qualcomm S4 chip running at 1.5GHz is the fastest one we've seen in smartphones so far, and it's able to take on any app challenge you throw at it, including games on the HD screen. Our benchmark tests proved this, although they were within the margin of error when compared with the One X. Both phones are very fast.Exclusive new features include S-Beam, the ability to transfer files by tapping two phones together and using a combination of NFC and Wi-Fi Direct; S-Voice, Samsung's answer to Apple's Siri; TecTiles, NFC-enabled accessory tags that can change the settings on your phone, and lots of sharing and tagging options in the camera, such as the ability to automatically tag your friends' faces, and the ability for multiple GS3s within a few feet of each other to automatically share all of their photos.Many of these features work well, but they're almost all buried. The interface is something of a scavenger hunt. Take Smart Stay, a neat new feature which detects your face and keeps the screen from going black while you're looking at it. I love it! But it's not on by default, and the only way to turn it on is by going to the Display area under Settings. S-Beam is similarly buried, under the Wireless menu.Samsung helpfully pops up various screens telling you about various cool gestures you can use, like raising the phone to your face to automatically call someone you're texting. But it's a lot of information to absorb, and a lot of gestures that you've never used before. There's a sharp learning curve here.Compare this with HTC, which has been working to reduce unique UI elements. HTC's recent Sense 4 interface focuses on a few new features and makes them integral: enhanced sound, a faster camera, and solid social networking integration. Samsung offers a lot more, but it costs you a lot more mental energy to figure it all out.I'll also call out two minor disappointments. The screen rotated unexpectedly more often that I'd like. Also, S-Voice isn't as seamless or as complete as Siri. It's a fine voice-dialing system, including over Bluetooth, but I kept vocally stepping on its prompts when trying to ask it more complicated queries.Beyond that, there's the usual raft of bloatware from both Samsung and Sprint: I count 17 pre-installed apps, some of which (Samsung's Music Hub store) didn't actually launch, and some of which (Samsung Apps and the S-Suggest app) are frustratingly redundant. Beyond that, there's the 400,000-plus apps in the Google Play Store.MultimediaThe 16GB Galaxy S III we tested had 12GB of available memory plus support for microSD cards up to 64GB, which fit under the plastic back panel. There's also a 32GB model for $249.99 with contract, but given the phone's microSD support, I don't see the point of buying the more-expensive model. It plays all the usual music and video formats, including MP3, AAC, WMA, OGG, MPEG-4, H.264, DivX, Xvid, and WMV at resolutions up to 1080p.Samsung has customized both the music and video players. They aren't as good-looking as HTC's, but they're functional. Along with the typical music navigation, there's a frill called Music Square, which grades all of your music on a 2D scale from "calm" to "exciting" and "passionate" to "joyful," creating custom playlists by mood. There's also an epic number of EQ presets, which change the sound in effective, if gimmicky ways.The picture/video gallery integrates Google and Facebook albums, and lets you sort your videos as a list or with thumbnails. The flagship feature here is Pop-Up Play, which can float a video playback window over other apps; I found it to be fairly useless. Netflix and YouTube both look good and run on LTE without any visible buffering. The phone also comes with Samsung's Media Hub music and video store, which has a solid lineup of recent movies and TV shows at industry-standard prices of $4 to rent and $15-$20 to buy.If you want to play your video on a big HDTV, you need to use Samsung's AllShare system, which like most other wireless video systems rarely works because your home network doesn't have the bandwidth, or a new-style 11-pin MHL adapter. Our old MHL adapters didn't work.The 8-megapixel camera takes good-looking, saturated photos that are sharp with little noise, at least in decent light. In our low-light test, the shutter speed dropped to 1/40 second, which will cause some softness if you don't have a steady hand. That's still better than many cameraphones. The 1-megapixel front camera also showed solid low-light performance. The video mode captures 1080p videos at 30 frames per second indoors and out with the main camera, which is more than we could say for the HTC One X.You get tons of gimmicky camera modes. HDR is considerably slower than on either the iPhone 4S ($199, 4.5 stars) or the HTC One X, and showed a tendency to create "ghost" images when I tried it. Smile detection worked well, and Share Shot lets you automatically stream photos to other GS3s in the area. Buddy Photo-Share tags faces with names based on the images in their social-networking profiles. Those last two are buried in the camera settings and while cool, you're not likely to stumble upon them easily.ConclusionsThe Samsung Galaxy S III and HTC EVO 4G LTE are both state-of-the-art phones. In our scoring system, they tie, each with unique features. The Galaxy has a removable battery, better video recording quality, and no hiss in quiet audio output. The EVO 4G LTE is made from higher-quality materials, has a brighter screen, a kickstand, a physical Camera button, better home-screen widgets, and HD Voice in the future. You can't go wrong with either.If these phones are just too big for you, go for the LG Viper 4G LTE ($99, 4 stars) packs dual-core power and the LTE future into a much smaller body. And if your upgrade isn't urgent, you may want to consider hanging on to that old WiMAX phone for a while, at least until you can find out when Sprint LTE is coming to your city.

I love this phone, but if you are going to get upset that you only get 10 hrs of use with all the features on, or your updates are a few months behind the nexis phones, or you don't have any LTE for a while you will need to consider those things carefully.

Not a bad phone, just not as great as the hype suggests. I upgraded from an HTC EVO 4G, which I really liked, unfortunately it had an issue that could not be fixed. So I got the Samsung Galaxy s3. It is a good replacement for the EVO, and many of the issues I am having with it are user interface adjustments i am going to have to get used to, some minor others seem fairly major to me.The Good:Nice large bright, sharp screen. Videos, books, and pictures are clear, crisp and easy to view. (As with most every screen on any handheld device, they do not work well in bright outdoors).Loads of storage space, MP3's, eBooks, loads of pictures and a few videos and still plenty of room (In addition to the built in 16GB, I added a 16GB Micro Card) a friend added a 32GB card since he watches a ton of videos).Camera - Really nice pictures and easy to use and access controls with just one hand. Surprisingly good video as well, again ease of use is a real plus.WiFi- the wireless g capability makes this a really nice web device, picks up and connects to networks everywhere I go.Multi-tasking - On a phone call I can access the web or another app while talking on the phone, or look something up while doing a drawing or reading. I really love this.Voice Input - While not as awesome as SIR the voice input on the Samsung is still pretty cool and useful. A ways to go but definitely more than a toy.Battery Life - This is my main phone (home and work), I access the web often and apps frequently and I get a full day out of a night charge. (Of note "FREE or ad driven apps" will access the web to update the ads very often, as will social media apps, with the ad driven apps, if you sue them buy the full versions, and the social media and mail apps set the check for data/info settings to every few hours or even once a day rather than every 5 minutes.) You will see your battery life increase.The Not So Goods:Phone reception, is acceptable at best, My previous phones and my wife's iPhone all had or have good reception. In places that I never had a problem now I barely get 2-3 bars.4G Not an option for me, so unless you live in an area that currently has 4G I would not base buying the phone for it.Data reception, this took a month to get fixed, was a setting telling the phone to access the wireless network for data instead of the 3G network. Buggy, once off the phone works nicely.Mac compatibility - You have to download and install special software for the phone to be used with your Mac, so every Mac I want to connect to I need to download and install the software on. Many folks don't really dig the idea messing with their computer. The EVO just connect it via USB or Bluetooth and done upload and download.Specialty Software - Lots of cool software, BUT fairly useless unless you have another Samsung s3 or similar new phone, tablet or TV. I don't, so love the idea just can't use.Face unlock - again cool idea, not so great implementation. I took my Facelock picture indoors, now outside it won't unlock, or at night or if my head is not positioned just so....The On/Off button is on the right side, the volume rocker is on the left, when I hod the phone with my right hand my fingers hit the volume rocker and even with the case it is way too easy to turn the volume down or off.Clock/Weather screen on home screen. It is a nice clean simple clock and weather widget, except no real clock functions, (alarm, stopwatch, etc) that is a separate app.So in short this is a really nice phone, lots of very nice features, A lot of my gripes are because I was used to the HTC android OS the Samsung is nice but different. Some are much better, more than a few are just not well thought out and implemented. I will adjust, and would recommend this phone to anyone.

Very overrated.  Of course I received a defective phone, as determined by the Samsung service technician.  This after only using it for 3 days and the best they would do was to repair and resend it to me.  Thank goodness for Amazon who took it back and issues a  credit, no questions asked.  And the Amazon return policy is 30 days.  Samsung does not have a return policy - only a repair policy.  Since my trouble, I have talked to numerous people, including my own son, who tells me that the phone service on Samsung is very sporadic, regardless of the cell phone carrier.  The toy features are great, but the phone - not so much.  I actually need a very good phone for my business (real estate) and will stay away from Samsung.  My new HTC One is great!

this phone works really well my son stays on it an he has not had any trouble with it at s of yet

truly astounding device absolutely thrilled and amazed by it absolutely incredible speed. the memory storage is remarkably high absolutely absolutely really happy with it. would recommend this phone for anyone who wants a bigger phone with great power by the way the Sprint network is not necessarily the most reliable network but that doesn't mean anything against the phone itself the phone itself is incredibly beautiful and I would recommend it 100 percent

Just last week i received my GS3 which i have spent the majority of my time using and it a very nice phone.The only problem i've had with the phone  is the s voice is good but not as good as siri which is expected.It the perfect size for your hand not too big, not to small and it feels very sturdy many say the plastic back cover it flimsy but it only flimsy when removed from the phone. The back cover is a high gloss plastic that is very smooth and can be used as mirror. I like the interface it runs ver smoth noy a glich yer

hi all i want to ask u ..... i want to buy a new phone  samsung galaxy s 3  .........&  i found this device on wireless.amazon & i didn,t knew how to buy one  with a new contractI need this phone for my little brother he is outside of united states & iknow its locked to at&t; that's ok because he just want play with games & browse web on wi-fiplease contact me if you could help me ...thanx  ...  elfakih90@gmail.com

I love my new phone, yeah its the s3 it's not the newest but so what. I'm all about the deals and you can't beat that 4th of July savings. It has everything I want, I have sprint, so the only thing  that sucks is there's only 3g in my area but that's ok I use Wi-Fi and use a decent antivirus on it.

I bought this after returning a droid maxx and escaping being nickled and dimed by verizon. I absolutely love this phone. Everyone I know that has one does too. I like it so much I bought a white one for my mom for her birthday who that was hesitant to hop on the smartphone bandwagon. She felt she was too old to figure one out and didn't think she would ever use it. Now you catch her playing with it all the time lol. She just asks me to show her how do certain thinks be otherwise she has taken to it fairly well. Right now my town does not have 4g but it is creeping into this area and is available in certain areas of the next town. I did get a notice in the mail saying it is almost here. I find my phone plenty fast enough. I usually keep my phone set to CDMA because I was told by best buy LTE uses more battery. My coverage is just fine, dead spots are where other phones also have dead spots. Paying under $180 for 2 lines (myself and a friend) and having unlimited data and free any mobile calls makes it well worth the wait for 4g LTE. We were constantly going over minutes and data on verizon making our bill well over $200. We had a data malfunction on one phone and verizon refused to help or adjust the bill. If data was turned on it would eat 3g of data in minutes. We brought it to the store and they told us there was nothing running that should eat that amount of data and nothing wrong with the phone yet all they would do is charge us $5 for each g that phone ate. I love sprint the people are nice and they are not money hogs. I was given an airave for free to use in my home to boost my signal.The battery in this phone lasts quite long. Generally I can get 8 hours with heavy use and weather apps running in the background. The good news, unlike the droid, the battery can be removed so if you run out of juice you can just swap it out with a fresh one. The video quality is great, well enough to watch movies on. I love the s-beam feature too. I wish all phones had that feature. I'm always beaming things to my mom.When you call samsung they aren't completely knowledgeable of all the settings. We thought there was something wrong with my phone and it turned out to be a setting the can't be changed. The tech claimed it wasn't supposed to do it but it turns out it is a normal for the ringtone to start off quiet and get loud. They replaced it only for me to discover there was nothing wrong with my first phone so that was annoying. I always purchase insurance since I am rough on devices so it was replaced for free. I highly recommend you purchase insurance. I have yet to have a device last me much more than 1yr before dying.I highly recommend this phone

I got this phone in May of 2013 and it came in and worked okay. 60 days later the charger no longer worked. 120 days later the charge port had become detached from the motherboard and would not charge anymore. I had to buy an external charger with 3 extra replacement batteries. 180 days later the phone would not power on anymore. I sent the phone to Samsung because it was still covered under the 1 year warranty and they repaired it. It took 2 weeks to get it back but it was better than paying $150 on top of what I already paid a month for insurance. I asked Samsung if they had a known defect or recall on the charge port and they said no but being as though I used to work for Asurion and 53% of the phones that needed to be replaced were SIII's and II's I know this was a lie. I would recommend this phone BUT with caution as these devices are not problem free and may start messing up on you BEFORE 90 days. So be prepared in the event that they do.

This is only my second smart phone but it is everything I expected and more. Had the Transform before and it was slow and undependable. Never liked it much. But this Galaxy S3 is great. Easy set up, fast as light, doesn't drop calls and responds well to voice commands. It looks and feels great. I got an iPhone for my daughter at the same time and I'll take the Gallaxy over it any time. Takes beautiful pictures and video, has plenty of prompts and help if you need it. The graphics are outstanding. Samsung really did a great job with this phone. If you want a beautiful, well functioning smart phone buy this one. Highly reccomend it but if anything happens to change my mind, I'll update this review.

The beeznees.

bought this after it had been out for a year. Did everything I wanted, but in the end I was buying a year old phone. I returned so I could get an newer phone.

Samsung Galaxy 111 is a excellent phone. Fast and sleek, the Samsung Galaxy delivers...the Apps are packed with cool fun.

Inpressively thin and the battery life is better than expected. Will not be the last S3 for my family plan.

Finally a phone with enough power. This phone doesn't leave you wanting.touch screen and overall quality check. Speed check. Gets updates quick check. This phone has the newer S4 software features once updated. Not having to buy a new phone to get a new feature is nice. Ahem Siri.

this phone have everything i was looking for in a phone its nice and slim not bocky like my other phone i had

Purchase the phone as an upgrade from the original Samsung Galaxy S and after a month it has been great.  My familiarity with the old phone made the transition smoother and I love the new features the S III has.

My S2 was fine until a Sprint OTA hosed it.  The S3 gets me back to loving my phone!  Everything that I need in a phone for a great price!

Terrible signal, most likely from a very compromised antenna.Horrible audio, both receive and transmit.Phone inhales batteries. Bought the 4300mah extended battery. Will take 25% off the charge with no use in 3 hours.Will periodically change settings with no input.There is often an annoying lag response to input. Tap the screen with no response. Tap again and the phone reacts to a double tap.Some settings are extremely difficult to locate.Could elaborate more.Why purchase anything other than an iPhone?

nice big screen easy to see and use, great camera and tons of storage.  A little confused by all the apps it comes with some seem redundant

This is my first smart phone. Upgraded form a Rumor Touch (Yes, I prefer the older, cheaper technology.), and really like it. The Android system is pretty easy to navigate. I have used a Samsung Tab a few times, so I have had a little practice. Only had it for a week, and I am surprised how much I have figured out. Great option for first smartphone.

I purchased this phone as a replacement for my Samsung Transform Ultra and decided on the SIII compared to the SII for the additional abilities. As a student, I would say I'm a fairly heavy user, between texting/using data all day and night between school and work, I've thoroughly enjoyed this phone.The biggest plus is the customization. You can decide almost everything about the lock screen, from how it notifies you that you're roaming, how you want the screen to unlock from 8 different options, to what apps you want on your unlock screen. I've redesigned my home screens many different times and have had no issues creating, deleting, and moving the pages. My phone looks and works different than my friends SIII. She also has motion turned on and I don't My only complaint in this regard is that when you download apps and you have free space on your home screens, it will automatically add this app to your screens and I haven't found a way to turn this off.A major complaint that I've heard is the sensitivity of the outside buttons. I purchased an Otter Box with my phone and immediately put it on because of my bad habit of dropping and breaking phones. When I occasionally take the case off, I do notice that the buttons seem fairly sensitive, however, when I began using the case, my chief complaint was that the buttons seemed a bit stiff, so take my opinion with a grain of salt.It has it's flaws, however the only one I can confirm totally is the excessive amounts of tutorials. It takes about a week before you've finally completed all the actions on the phone that gets a tutorial, and anytime you change preference (such as selecting to call someone with Phone instead of Skype by default), it pops up how to change that setting, despite the fact that majority of my apps are preset. Also, I had a small problem with the charger port, however the Sprint IT guy said that it was more than likely a cable short and he replaced my charger. I haven't had a problem since, but I docked the star for the overuse of tutorials and the fact that my charger died in a way after less than a month.Overall, it works well for me. I enjoy having the option of organizing my contacts into various groups to easily look at a certain group of people, I've dropped it many times (even on a tile floor without my Otter Box on) and it has yet to even begin to crack, I enjoy the high amounts of customization and use it regularly, and my data reception is so good I rarely turn on Wi-Fi and even when I spend half my day in a basement, I still get a full day out of a charge. I have noticed a time or two that it's had a bit of a lagging problem, but nothing that actually causes problems and would probably be fixed if I did a battery reset. Apps download fast, multi-view is a god send, the screen works well, the camera has good resolution, and it fits in well with my life.I would definitely purchase again

Received Damaged - appeared as if the box had already been opened, and the place for the interface card was torn out.... don't know what the issue was, however, Amazon made it right immediately.  For that I am thankful, as I certainly did not want to get stuck with an expensive phone which I could not use!

I got the GSIII the first day it came out. Boot is fast, easy to jump in OS, Feels good in hand, screen looks great. so here is my 5 good and 5 bad. I rate this phone 8 out of 10(Replace my OG Evo was 8 out of 10 at the time)I did my research and could of waited iPhone or got any other phone but GSIII is the best Yet![Good]1. Big Screen (4.8") Gorilla Glass 2. Not To big like the Note.2. Fast processor with 2GB Ram. Apps load fast3. Removable battery and expandable avlib.4. Side Power and lock button. USB connection on the bottom.5. HD Video is very good for a Phone.[Bad]1. 8MP Camera is really bad too much noise in pictures bad Sharpness( EVO Camera is better)2. Apps Crashing so read App reviews to see if the GSIII has crash problesm3. Get's hot in hand at bottom of phone because of battery and antenna.4. Home button is outdated.5. No #5 bad thing about this PhoneSure all will be Happy with their GSIII

I absolutly love this phone! It has meet and exceded all my expectations and then some. It hold all my chemical labels for work, my music, and doesn't crash when I play games!

Best phone in the world, so glad it came when we needed it and we love sprint.  thanks for being so prompt

Decided to give the Samsung Galaxy III 32gb a try through a reseller who uses Sprint as the service provider. Living and working in the Dallas metro area, I checked Sprint's map to make sure we'd have 4G coverage in our area. The map showed full 4G coverage in all areas of the Dallas/Ft Worth metroplex where we'd need it, so we decided to proceed with the switch of phones and plans (not through Amazon). Got the phones, got our numbers transferred over the the new phones and proceeded with life. Well, I can't begin to tell you how awful the data coverage was in this area (never used the phone part, but we're both dedicated users of the data plans). Between my husband and myself, we could never get an internet page to display on our Samsung phone browser, nor could we even begin to use the Facebook app on the phone. My husband needed access to Google Maps while driving around for work, and he could not get sufficient reception for Google Maps to work. Over a 5 day period, between the two of us, we only got a 4G signal once when we were driving right next to a tower. The rest of the time, it was 3G (showing on the phone display) but because of the slowness, we never really could USE the data features of the phone.So, after 5 days, we canceled our service, returned the phones, and reinstalled our AT&T; service back onto our iPhones. Maybe we'll switch to the Samsung phones using AT&T;, but never again with Sprint. UGH!

upgraded to this one from a htc and it is so much better!!! great speed and love the siri version of this phone

Sprint does not have 4G LTE till end of 2013, they have only 4G WiMaxWhat does it means to you1. Your samsung S3 will work only on 3G untill Sprint scales up to 4G LTE2. Sprint is the only S3 CDMA phone provider as Verizon, AT&T; and T-mobile provide 4G LTE in GSM (SIM based)phones3. You will be paying the same or higher price for the bill as any other provider with 4G LTE but will be using a old technology and lower speed internet4. Breaking your contract will land you in soup as you cannot use this unlocked phone with any other provider with 4G LTE

I bought the S3 whenever I was eligible for an upgrade to replace my HTC Evo.  While the phone is not as &#34;heavy&#34; as the Evo and feels somewhat &#34;cheap&#34;, it performs flawlessly and exceeded my expectations.  I was thinking of getting the S4, but at the time Amazon was offering it for $200 with upgrade.  I was able to get the S3 for only $10 with upgrade.  That allowed me to get the Otterbox Defender case for it as well, so I was quite happy!  So far, I have had no issues with the phone.  The call quality is excellent, the app options are quite extensive, and the display is superb!  I was also thinking of getting the iPhone, but the size of the text and keyboard are what ultimately drove me to get this particular phone.  Great device!

Not only did I get a better price than sprint was offering ! The customer service received by Amazon reps was awesome. If you need an upgrade I wouldn't go anywhere else except to Amazon. Not even wirecry couldn't compete with Amazon. Perfectly happy with the phone and the service

A great phone. Works well and has a lot nice features. Looking forward to continuing with the line of phones for a long time.

speaker / alarm is very low ..... i have problems with connecting to internet in places where i didnt have problems with my old phone (htc evo) overall i like the phone , i was thinking of the s4 but couldnt justify the price difference for how i use the phone.

Did not like anything about the phone besides the camera. I liked gs I'll better. The sound and battery life was terrible. But my wife has one, and she loves it. I guess it is a matter of preference.

No need to upgrade now.. I love this phone and it does everything I want it to.  I love it more than the iPhones that my kids have.

I am more than happy with this purchase. I was able to hook up with ease and I am enjoying this product. I will use Amazon again when it is time for my update.

Awesome phone.... love it.  Finally upgraded from blackberry and there is no looking back.  Recommend it to others, even though S 4 is out.

Finally upgraded from my 3+ year old HTC EVO 4G, WOW!  This phone has smooth and quick operation with no lag noticed.Plenty of space in on board RAM for apps, pics and music.I was even able to find an LTE 4G tower in my town that I didn't know was there (since the 4G on the EVO was different).While it's not the latest and greatest offering from Samsung, the price was spot on at $9.99.

this was a really good gift for my son b-day and the phone was already  activated ,  all I had to do was turn it on

I can say I have tried almost every there there is, I am a formal iphone user, then used bb then switch to the amaze, and I have to say by far this is the best phone I have ever owner! I love the design, its features, its processor is superfast, the colors are soo bright, its HD super Amoled! The sound is very very good, and can get very loud too and thats is just great. Wow is all I can say about the camera 8mp, this phone shoots better pictures than my own canon camera! It is a super smartphone. Its soo light, although i am afraid to lose it and not even realize it, thats how light it is. I am completely in love with this phone...some flaws are the battery life, although its double the amaze, i was expecting a little better life time, however i still got 7 hours of heavy use so that is not bad at all, and I would have liked it to be a bit smaller, but again no one is 100% satisfied with anything. In general, the best phone I have ever owner, highly recommend to any power user or just any user!

Know that when you buy through Amazon the plan starts when you ORDER and NOT when THE PHONES ARRIVE!! This is beneficial if you think you will have to return your phone. The SG3 on Sprint is not the same exact animal as the Verizon SG3.The phone offers a lot of features that make it easier to use for mature, new to smartphone users. The font can be changed to larger text for the visually impaired. With S-Voice and Google text to speech it is easy to compose text messages, IM and emails. The contact list is probably one of the cleanest looking compared to HTC and LG.

I love my new Samsung Galaxy S III. No it is not the  S4...But so what. Amazon has the best prices ever. Love it.

The product came exactly as explained and the phone is awesome.  It really does have a LOT of features that are advertised for the S4.  I never knew I'd be getting them.

First let me qualify this review by saying I love the Samsung Galaxy S3 for its ease of use and fast intuitive interface.  You will love the speed of this phone.  Not to mention the slim form factor and design looks great.However,  I am so disappointed by the quality of the cover glass on the touch screen.  Within 2 weeks of babying the phone I had 2 prominent scratches about 1/4" long and several micro scratches that could be seen if the screen was tilted the right way.  Prior to this phone I owned an HTC hero  with no scratching issues and was so excited to have the S3 but now am left with nothing but regret.I returned the phone to Samsung for evaluation and repair. After one week they had not contacted me with any updates so I decided to call.  Samsung informed me that the phone was not under warranty because the touch screen was damaged and that I had probably caused it by pressing too hard on the phone.  II reminded them that I didn't have any touch problems when I returned the phone and asked to speak to a supervisor and waited 20 minutes before Samsung disconnected my call.  I called back and was on hold another 30 minutes before I decided to end the call.  I tried going back to my carrier to dispute but they said I had to take up the issue with Samsung.My advice is to get a screen protector for this phone immediately and don't expect Samsung to stand behind their product.  I will never buy another Samsung product again which is a shame because besides the poor screen quality and non existant warranty it is an amazing phone.Update 11/26/12:  Shortly after writing this review I tried calling Samsung again.  I had to escalate my call through several layers of phone support until I got to someone who had the power to help me(could authorize a repair).  Initially they wanted to charge me $199 for replacement of the touch screen, but after escalating the problem to yet another customer service manager I was able to get Samsung to replace the touch screen and cover glass for free.  The whole process took about 3 hours.  In the end Samsung did not provide a detailed report or analysis for the scratched glass issue and maintained that my problem was a damaged touch sensor.

I have had this phone about a month and except for battery life, which I knew was a challenge, I am very pleased. I like the large display, and while LTE is not fully available in my area yet, I have had no issues even on 3G. I have used the phone as a GPS, and it works great- the directions were clear and easy to understand.Coming from a blackberry, the android operating system took a little getting used to but I found it intuitive and actually easier to use than the Blackberry was. Distinguishing between apps and widgets took a little getting used to.I am hearing about issues with the phone but restarting has solved every problem I have had.

I had the S2 and it was the best phone I ever owned, the S3 is a joke, hardware and software.  I wonder if the S4 is better?

The phones sound quality is crisp and clear when talking to people. The sound quality is great with ear buds that come with the phone or when used with computer speakers. Added some extras to the phone to help make it an even better phone. Added a "Onite 4500mAh Extended Capacity Battery for Samsung Galaxy SIII S3 i9300, with Custom Made Pebbles Blue Cover" and a "Hyperion Samsung Galaxy S III Extended Battery HoneyComb TPU Case -Black". This will let you enjoy using the phone features all day. Also added a "SanDisk Ultra 64 GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS-1 Memory Card 30MB/s with Adapter SDSDQUA-064G-U46A" to place my 700+ cd collection on the phone. It is nice to be able to listen to songs at work, at home or in the car and not bring any cd's and still have room to add more songs or photos if needed on the micro sd card.

Older device but still a capable, speedy smartphone. This is my wife's phone and she loves it. Great for pictures of the kids.

Works good no major flaws like the android market lots of apps would recommend, size is ok but it can be bulky with the case

The Samsung Galaxy S III that I received was defected.  The screen will randomly select on items.  I called Amazon and Samsung about the defect, they both told me that I will have to send the phone back, and then will send me a new one.  So either I will go 4 - 7 days without a phone or pay full price for a new one and wait to be reimburse.  Beside it randomly selecting things it is a good phone.  I am an Amazon Prime member and expected better customer support, so I would give it second thoughts before buying a phone online.

Really just a great phone. No complaints, solid design, modern OS, feature packed and durable. Love the size as well.

The Samsung Galaxy S III is working Perfectly, actually it works better than I expected. I have had No issues so far and I believe I'm going on the 5th month with it. This phone is FAST, I've always loved the SnapDragon Processor, it hasn't let me down yet. I have even dropped the phone once on to a concrete floor and there was No damage to the phone, and I do not have a phone case. Battery Life is Good, pretty much how I expected it to be (might get an extended battery in the future). I do think I will Mod it in the future, but so far I'm actually completely satisfied with this phone in just stock condition.

So I finally gave in and upgraded from the first gen HTC EVO 4G to this phone.  After being exposed to Android 2.3 for so long, running on 4.1 seems like a glorious find.  I actually nabbed this phone along with my contract extension discount for only $29.99 on Black Friday (oh snap, what a STEAL). It's quick. Very snappy. The phone/call quality is very good. I currently own a Google Nexus 7 tablet and my Samsung Galaxy S3 nearly runs just as quickly and runs practically all the same apps. My only gripe is that the volume rocker is on the left side (most phones and tablets have it on the right side). The display could use an extra brightness boost but I can't seem to get it go brighter than its maximum state. And 4G LTE for Sprint is still in its early stages.  I had to actually get used to 3G since there is almost no 4G LTE in the San Francisco Bay Area that I can spot so far.  Other than that, the phone is great.  The screen is gorgeous and I really can't complain. It's quite an awesome phone.

I have only had this phone for a few days, but so far, I really like it. I upgraded from an evo shift, and was very hesitant to do so - I just really did not want to give up my physical qwerty keyboard. I agonized over the decision, but there just wasn't a great smartphone with Sprint with a physical keyboard that got really good reviews. So.. because the price of the upgrade was soooo cheap via Amazon, I decided to take the plunge.I do miss my keyboard, but i am adjusting my easier and faster than I thought I would. Using Swype is a huge help, and I am also finding that I am using the voice-to-text feature some, too. I don't think the lack of a keyboard is going to be as big of a deal as I thought it would be.Another one of my hesitations about upgrading, though, was a concern about the size of the phone. I have small hands, and I rarely carry a purse, so I was worried about being able to fit it easily in my pocket and/or it feeling comfortable in my hand(s). I am hoping I will adjust to this as well, but it is definitely hard to hold the phone with one hand and do anything with it with just one hand. My hands are just too small for my thumb to reach across the wide screen easily. I think I will get used to this and figure out a way to hold and use it better one-handed, but so far, this is my biggest complaint. I know the trend is for larger and larger screens on phones, but gee whiz... i don't want to carry around a tablet.Overall, it's a fantastic phone with lots of neat features (most of which I will probably never use!), and it's definitely a huge upgrade from my evo shift. If I can adjust to it being so much bigger, I will love it. For now, I just really like it. And I am super-happy I didn't have to pay the $100 upgrade price at Sprint or even the current $50 upgrade price at Best Buy.Edited to add: Forgot to mention that one of the main reasons I narrowed down my choices to THIS particular phone was because of the removeable battery - the HTC One nor the LG had that, and I want the option to do a battery reset and to have a replacement battery if/when I need it.

Love my new phone, am enjoying finding out all the things it can do.  I would highly recommend this as a first smartphone. So many different things you can do with it.

At my carrier, this phone would've cost me $400... but on Amazon? $40! A little older model phone, but still well worth the price. Miles ahead of my old HTC EVO.

I received my phone and it is everything I was told it would be and more. It is an amazing tool to keep me organized at home as well and for business. I love my phone.

I got my Galaxy S III and am in love. I was a die hard Blackberry gal. Never again. I compared to the iPhone before purchase and went with the GS3. It is so user friendly, easy to navigate, and my best friend! My only down was the battery. So many goodies on there, it drains quickly sooooo, I ordered the extended battery. Problem solved. Love the Google  based applications. I am a Samsung Galaxy girl.

I migrated from AT&T; and joined Sprint back in 2010 due to their competitive pricing and plans. Back in 2010, I got the HTC EVO 4G with a 2 year plan. I live in Philadelphia (Manayunk) PA, and supposedly, there is good coverage where I am at, but my calls keeps getting dropped and I could never get on the 4G network even though sprint charges me $10 every month for premium data... I thought it may have been a phone thing. Then when my contract expired, I got the Galaxy S3 with a new 2 year plan.The S3 is not Wi-Max 4G compatible, which is fine since hopefully, Sprint should roll out 4G-LTE in the Philadelphia area soon. But even 3G is terrible here... I haven't moved, and my service is still the same spotty signals where my calls would now and then drop in the middle of a conversation. My texts can only be sent when I am in particular spots of the house. I guess that is what I get for trying to save money. What's the point of unlimited data/text/when I can't use it??Oh, and I did call Sprint asking about that hoping that they would send me an "femtocell" (a signal booster through broadband) or an "airraid" to help me with the signal problem. Nope... They told me politely that I "qualify" for one, but for $129/m plus $20 monthly fee. W T F?? I "qualify" to pay them more money?? Anyways, I think I'm done with Sprint... I might go back to ATT since I really don't use that much data and don't really need "unlimited" no signal from Sprint.

Got my phone the first day it came out.  I upgraded to a smartphone so I was not too sure if I would be able to figure it out but this phone was not too hard.  First thing is that it is so light and thin I was afraid of dropping it and was not comfortable holding it until I put a case and screen protector on it, but after I did so it was great. The case added just enough grip to make it easy to hold on to.  The on/off button is placed in such a way that if you squeeze it, you end up also squeezing the volume button on the other side, so I ended up pushing it while holding in one hand with the other hand, not always convenient.  The big screen is wonderful (I upgraded just for this, as I am older with bad eyesight) and everything is large enough that it can be seen without reading glasses for those of us with poor eyesite.  All the most frequently used items are right there when you start and you can customize all your screens if need be.  Making and answering calls is extremely easy and the dialing screen has large buttons and easy to access controls.  Also the buttons are labeled with what they are, such as end call for those of of who get confused by icons so we don't end up hanging up when trying to push speakerphone.  Same for texting. The speaker is clear and loud enough so that if your hearing is starting to go you can still understand people.  If you are in the car you can easily bring up the voice assist with just a quick tap and instruct the phone what to do, either make a call or to send a text (in this case you would dictate the message).  Appointments and reminders can be made the same way.  I love that on the very front it has voice assist search for google, something I use all the time (locating a type of store, reviews of products, etc).  Apps are easy to download and very quick.  This phone with 4G service is as quick and responsive when accessing the internet as my home computer.  I am a news junkie and I am able to see all the websites I would normally visit and easily read them without feeling like I cannot see what I would normally be able to see.  The large screen means limited scrolling and easy viewing.  I did not try the navigation apps included but downloaded one called Waze which works better than my onstar navigation included in my car.  This phone has easy access to WiFi so if you want to conserve your data usage it is easy enough to use that instead.  The notification bar is informative but the phone also has a small light that flashes so that when your screen is not on you can see that there is something that needs your attention. Battery usage is okay, I would make sure that you charge it every evening if you are a heavy internet access person.  It takes a couple of hours or so to fully charge directly from an outlet, longer if charging from usb port.  Taking pictures and video is a snap and the quality is wonderful.  There are a lot of other features that I have not had a need for (such as sharing files).  Overall I am very pleased with this phone.

You can't beat this phone for the price, $10, for a top of the line phone, that is still technologically advanced.

I upgraded from an HTC Evo 4G (the original Evo) and after a few days with the SGS3 I've run into a few things that make me a little disappointed.1. The home button is mechanical instead of haptic. This makes it more difficult to use the phone one handed as the phone is very big and getting my thumb all the way down there to press on the mechanical button is awkward.2. Only three buttons. The Evo has a fourth button dedicated to google search. This makes it incredibly easy to find whatever I'm looking for. A short press on the search button and the Google Search app is ready for input. A long press and Voice search opens. On the SGS3 I can double click on the mechanical button (somethign I've already noted as a weakness of the phone), and while that shouldn't really be a bad thing...3. The S Voice feature in touch wiz is absolutely horrific. When the app loads it asks me what I want to do and I should be able to issue a number of different presets (&#34;Search&#34; or &#34;call&#34; or &#34;message&#34;, etc, etc) but the software has really poor voice recognition. And any background noise renders it completely useless, as it responds to everything with &#34;Say 'Hello Galaxy' to wake me up!&#34;... Ahh... what? Why is that even the default instead of &#34;I can't understand you.&#34;? I believe this issue stems from the fact that S Voice is doing all the processing locally on the phone. Which brings up the question, why don't they just tap into Google's own &#34;voice recognition in the cloud&#34; offloading. If you use Google Search's own voice recognition, on the SGS3 it works perfectly. You would think I would just program my SGS3 so that Googe Voice Search came up with a home button double click, however...4. TouchWiz has practically NO customization options what-so-ever. I can change the wallpaper and I can move buttons around and that is about it. I can't even get rid of the TouchWiz home screen indicator that tells you what home screen you're on and consumes a whopping 1/5th of the phone's screen. Yes, its a big screen but come on. Why waste so much space on such a tiny platform with something so trivial?5. The bloatware can't be uninstalled. I've encountered this before on other phones (including my venerable Evo) however the bloat on the SGS3 isn't just (annoyingly) present on the phone. Its obtuse and intrussive. Oh, you're trying to make a phone call? Let me push a pop up over the dialer app so I can tell you how you should buy Dropbox to save all your mobile stuff that you already save with Google Drive, even though you've already checked the box telling me never to tell you this again... 5 times... in the last hour...and you're stuck with me because the app is embedded in the OS and can't be uninstalled.And these are just the biggest issues I have with the phone. There are many other gripes I have already encountered with the design and the software. With the exception of the mechanical button, most of these issues are surmountable, simply by rooting the phone and installing Cyanogen Mod however, the camera doesn't work in CM10 or 10.1. Its apparently a known issue that affects some, but not all, SGS3s. Lucky me. So I'm back to using TouchWiz just so I can get the camera working. And I hate it. I really hate it.So, with that all said, there are some good things. The phone is fast, like REALLY fast. The screen is stunningly beautiful. Full screen video with the Netflix app is excellent. The pair of headphones they give you with the phone are actually pretty nice. My cell reception is better with the SGS3. Battery life is great (2 full days of heavy use on a full charge, something unheard of on my Evo even on day one). And LTE is very fast. As far as the hardware is concerned, the device is sound. TouchWiz... not so much.

This is no longer the latest and/or greatest phone out there, but it is offers the best bang for the buck.

If you're looking for a new sprint phone, you have 3 options right now:Galaxy S3, EVO LTE, Galaxy nexus.I went with the EVO LTE. Coming from an original EVO, I thought it would be a great upgrade. It wasn't. Using the power button to turn it on, and then having to swipe the bottom of the screen is a PAIN to do one handed. The software is actually missing a lot of features from the original EVO. I returned it.I played with a friends Galaxy Nexus, and I realized quickly that Stock Android is actually pretty terrible. So many features are missing. Sense and Touchwiz really do add a lot of nice things. Sometimes they do make things worse, but generally they are much better.In the end, I picked up the Galaxy S3. Wow. It's so comfortable in your hand even though it's so large. It has nice rounded corners and easy to reach buttons.The EVO LTE does have better build quality, and if you dropped the EVO LTE and the S3 10 times, I'm sure the EVO would come out MUCH better. For now though, I'll just keep a tight grip on the S3.

We debated long and hard whether to get the Samsung S3 or the HTC EVO LTE. Our previous phones were the HTC EVO 4G.  Ultimately, the 3S's removable battery, NFC options, and 2Gb of system memory won out. We also liked the look of the 3S's screen better and it's use of the navigation softkeys and one hard home button at the bottom.  HD voice was not a consideration for us since we would rarely ever be able use it even when available.  Plus, the voice EQ options on the S3 more than make up for it and are usable with everything.,So far, we have found it's performance and features to be everything we had hoped for and more.

Never bought a plan online or over amazon before.... but it was very simple and there are NO HASSELS...price: was 10, it was a pennyship: an 7-8  was pretty quick but NOT crazy its here already fast. I did get before christmas for those who buy as giftslooks:  7.. blue is nice shiny and not bright but i would have prefered Black... your only going to cover it with a case anywayPhone itself:  was straight foward out of the box, ready and able to call, text and play gamesbattery life is pretty long but if your on the phone all day long and never take it away from your ear, good luck it wont lastI have movies on it, for hospital and doctors, battery life is fine for one full HD movie plus phone callsComputer hookup is idiot proof....just plug and playhave one issue with  receiving Group texting, but that was one person and its still undertemined if its the phone or notwould buy a PLAN & This phone again

The S3 it self is nice a cell. It took a bit to get use to the features on it but that's just on me. The phone could only be better if it had a sliding keyboard. I found it odd that the Charging cable/ sync cord stopped charging my cell with in a couple days, so I had to use the data cable from my previous cell to charge it. I figure if the everything in the box is brand new, everything should work for at least a couple months. For the price tho, awesome deal at 10.55 total  after taxes.

I got this as a replacement for my son. I have had one of these for over a year and i love it! It has been easy to use and 100% reliable. Everything you could want in a phone. My son is a heavy user, and after reading the reviews for the S4 we decided that the S3 was the best phone for the money. I paid a lot for mine, but for 99 cents this was clearly the best deal out there. There is a reason the S3 is the top selling phone in the world!

I upgraded from an HTC EVO 4g which I'd owned for a little over two years. This phone is really nice. Good, solid feel in terms of build quality and form. Very fast user interface. Screen is extremely vivid, but not obnoxiously so. LTE isn't available in my town, but the phone performs well enough on 3g.No regrets here. I'm usually very critical of my mobile devices and I can't find any faults with this phone after having owned it for a few weeks.

Upgraded from HTC Evo.  Got the phone from Sprint.  Signal strength is terrible compared to old phone.  I'm "roaming" in my house constantly because reception is so poor.  Sprint now giving free Airave "mini cell towers" for people to use plugged into their home wifi to boost indoor signal.  They actually told me there might be a problem with my roof.  No, not when I've had Sprint for more than two years in the exact same house.If signal strength is important to you, then this is not the right phone.  Great looking.  Great features except for it really isn't built to be a PHONE.  Geez.

I owned the original EVO and upgraded to the EVO 4G LTE in late August; I liked the LTE, but didn't love it as much as I did the original EVO, so I decided to exchange for the Galaxy S3. 24 hours later, the Galaxy is in a box and headed back to Amazon, in exchange for an EVO LTE.I knew there would be a learning curve in using a different UI from the HTC Sense to which I was so accustomed; what I did not expect was the difficulty in doing some of the simplest tasks on the Galaxy.Do you hit the snooze button on your alarm? I do as well (and yes, we really shouldn't do that, but it is what it is). When you set an alarm on the Galaxy, snooze is Off by default, so you have to remember to turn it on and then tell it how long the snooze time should be and how many times you are permitted to hit it for a given alarm. What a pain in the butt; the snooze feature should be on by default and let me have my choice between snoozing or turning off the alarm. Also, if you are a deep sleeper or non morning person like me, the stock alarm sounds on the Galaxy stand a good chance of putting you into a deeper sleep rather than - you know - waking you up.On the EVO, creating a folder for app icons is as simple as stacking the icons on top of one another; with the Galaxy, you must choose to create a folder (an ugly looking folder at that) and then slide the icons you want into that folder.S-Voice was unimpressive - and I played with it a lot. I had the phone set to show text for what S-Voice spoke; sometimes it would show me the text, sometimes it would not. Maybe that was Samsung's plan all along - to create some excitement by turning S-Voice into a little game where you and your friends can place bets on whether or not it will work.You are supposed to be able to use S-Voice to unlock the phone simply by speaking to it and that worked marginally as well.I use Google Voice in conjunction with my Sprint service; if someone calls me on Voice, I have to hit the '1' button on the keypad to accept the call. Easy, right? Well, not so easy when the screen keeps going black when I try to tap that button.On the EVO, if you tap the stock Clock/Weather widget, you are taken to either the clock or the weather forecast, depending on where you tap. On the Galaxy, tapping that widget anywhere will only take you to the weather, so you need to add a second clock widget to your screen or go into your apps each time you want to set an alarm.It's nitpicky, but Galaxy's icons for stock apps such as Messaging and Email are flat ugly to look at compared to those which HTC offers. Also, the EVO offers 'skins' which allow you to change the color scheme of your screen; the Galaxy may have that feature, but I looked for it and didn't see it.The physical 'Home' button on the Galaxy sounded like a nice idea in theory, but it kinda sucks in practice and the phone tends to lag between the time the button is pressed and you are actually taken to the home screen.The Galaxy feels very cheap in the hand versus the EVO and its glossy back becomes very slippery. Also, the back comes off the Galaxy MUCH too easily. I don't necessarily want to have to use a can opener to get the back off of a phone, but I do like having some resistance; I suspect that if the Galaxy were dropped, you would have to spend some time trying to figure out where the back landed when it popped off the phone, taking the battery with it.There is no difference in speed between the two phones, so don't let the extra gig of RAM on the Galaxy be your deciding factor.The Galaxy does have some advantages over the EVO. I liked having the power button on the side of the phone rather than the top and the volume controls are on the opposite side than they are on the EVO, so I was less likely to accidentally bump them. I also really liked being able to pull down the notification bar to toggle on or off services like WIFI, Bluetooth, Sound, etc.I am certain the Galaxy S3 is a good phone - there are too many favorable reviews to believe otherwise - and I am sure it works very well for someone willing to invest the time to learn to jump through all the hoops to perform simple tasks.As I said in the title; it's a good phone, just not for me.
