
This is an older model ( android 2.2) so don't expect all the bells and whistles of the new models. For a much less expensive option it does fine for calls, wireless connection and text. Internet is poor but that is likely my location.

Works well, and I use it with Wifi and Google voice to make free calls.(Thanks to another Amazon user for that HowTo info) I no longer have a home line, and my pay as you go Tracfone was getting about as costly as having a monthly plan with a real phone company. The screen is nice and big, and responds very well to the touch. Some touchscreens are difficult to use, this one is wonderful. I haven't used it all that much, as I am still getting usd to it, but the battery life on standby is at least a few days.

I ordered this phone because I currently have AT&T service for six more months and wanted to test it out before my contract expires since my future provider says this phone is compatible with AT&T. So, I removed the SIM card from my current AT&T  phone and installed it into this unpronounceable Impulse 4G. Nothing worked. Absolutely no response to any command, button push or finger tap. My conclusion was that this phone is defective so I returned it to Amazon. I don't claim to be a genius but my entire career has been electronics and communications so I feel fairly safe in concluding that this phone is faulty. Some of the other reviewers liked this phone so hopefully if you order one it will be in top operating condition.

So far, so good.  Would be five stars if headphones were included.  Would recommend to all people shopping for a new phone.

it did not work with Consumer Cellular phone company.  I returned it.  Apparently I need to pay for the return.

Still learning how to use it because I have always had Iphones.  Works with Consumer Cellular service which was most important to me.

The battery seems to need charging on a daily basis and I don't use it that often. I don't use the internet or hear music or view videos. I guess we will see how things work out with my phone. So far I am not satisfied with this purchased.

Not able to send or receive pictures with this phone. So features may not be supported by other GSM carriers besides those listed.

Back in November, I made my first upgrade to a smartphone. Unfortunately for me, I chose this phone. The first model of this phone I got from the box at the AT&T store (now I'm on my third model), had problems constantly. The phone would lag, when texting my keyboard would freeze and my screen would blow up or black out and would remain unresponsive for minutes. It would force close the texting application, and would not reload it when back on the home screen. The phone would constantly reset, think that there was no SIM card inserted, not unlock when the button was pressed, freeze on unlock and home screen, force close every application, lag, and more. I had the original model reset and after it still didn't work, I sent in for a new one on the warranty. The second phone I received was no better. The third phone I received after making another warranty claim was saying that the text messages I was receiving were being sent a few hours ahead of the time it actually was and still continuing with the same problems. I've had enough of this phone and after three models I purchased a new phone all together. Unless you want a problem phone I do not recommend this one.

When I first got this phone I liked it. It has good features and is easy to use. After about a month I began to have problems. It will randomly turn itself off and/or restart. About twice a day it will randomly decide it can only send emergency calls so I will not receive calls or texts until I restart it. It is constantly glitchy and the internet crashes a lot. Currently my phone has decided that it no longer wants to recognize my SD card and can no longer save photos. Basically, I hate this phone. It's great when it works, but it is so unreliable it's not worth keeping.

phone is gr8, was new no scratches, worked on first try, had charger in case, and battery.. prob lem solved

I bought this phone knowing that it was an entry-level model, but I didn't expect it to be such a piece of junk.  AT&T has replaced the phone twice and the third one still has the same problems as the others. The most annoying issue is that upon receiving a call, it takes so long for the caller to hear me, they often hang up thinking I'm not there.  Secondly, it (none of them) will not work with my Bluetooth in my truck. It randomly re-starts itself.  Often, I can only make "emergency" call despite having full signal strength.  These are the problem that are recurring - not the several one-time issues I've also had.

want this returned it has so many issues. and have spent 2 days trying to get it to work with the web on consumer cellular. CONSUMER CELLULAR IS A DISASTER TO WORK WITH. THEY WILL MAKE YOUR LIFE MISERABLE. I WAS TOLD TO GET INTERNET I HAD TO HAVE THE WIRELESS ENABLED. WELL I ONLY CHECKED OUT THE PHONE FEATURES WHILE AT MY HOME USING MY WIFI CONNECTION ( I THOUGHT) AND NOW AM BEING BILLED FOR 4 MB OVER MY USAGE. I NOW SEE ONE MONTH LATER THAT THE WIRELESS ENABLE SHOULD NOT BE CHECKED BECAUSE THAT IS WHEN YOU USE DATA. ALSO THEY NOW TELL ME THAT JUST  THE COMPANY UPDATING THE DATE TAKES MORE THAN THE 10 MB I PAID FOR. I DO NOT WANT TO USE ANY DATA. BUT THEY CHARGED ME FOR USING IT WILL NOT RECOMMEND USING THIS CELL SERVER.

The seller was great.We chose this phone because it is supported by AARP's Consumer Cellular, which is ATT.  It is kind of difficult to get around and a long learning curve, but the pictures are clear and bigger and it will do speech to text.  If you don't know about Consumer Cellular, click on it and learn how to get out of your high-priced contracts and have a bill for two phones for only about $50 per month!

For the price I paid for this phone I would recommend it to anyone.  It works like a charm and has more bells and whistles, which I don't think I will be able to use all, but it's there if I want too.

I came from a droid, and I LOVED that phone. it isn't AS great as that, but it is a pretty great phone.  I have no big complaints.  It is much like the droid in it's set up and runs on the android system.  Highly recommed this phone.  Very user friendly and good for the advanced phone user.

I received this phone from my carrier as a warranty replacement for the Motorola Atrix I originally purchased after the Atrix's screen froze.  The Impulse is a pretty terrible phone all around.  The processor is very weak, so simple tasks like sending text messages become frustrating.  It's fairly common for me to be typing two or three words ahead of the phone because it's lagging to catch up.  Games that require quick reactions or moderate amounts of memory are unplayable.  Touch screen sensitivity is poor.  It often does not recognize where you are touching or sometimes does not recognize touches at all.  Recalibrating does not help.  Camera is borderline unusable.  It will only take pictures in excellent lighting with no motion, and often times even these are blurry/grainy.  Auto white balance makes every picture come out grey or yellow, and manual white balance is often worse.  Yes, it has a flash.  The flash actually makes most pictures worse.The worst thing about this phone is that it often doesn't recognize my SIM card as being valid.  This is easily corrected by restarting the phone.  Unfortunately, there is no warning when it stops recognizing the card.  It just turns the phone onto airline mode and says "emergency calls only".  You will not be able to make or receive any calls/texts/notifications while it is in this mode.  My phone was doing this daily when my wife was 9 months pregnant and there would be times where I wouldn't notice for an hour or more that I haven't been able to receive calls from her or the hospital.Just stay away from this phone.  I love the Android platform, but are so many better phones at similar prices.  Even a previous generation model from Motorola, Samsung or HTC will be more advanced than a Huawei Impulse.

I was very disappointed with this product as it was advertised as being unlocked. It was unlocked for  new or existing sim cards, but would not allow access to the internet.  I was pleased thatamazon sent me a prepaid return lable......Stu

Pros:Wifi4G5 MP camera that can do 720p video recordings (although choppy)Ok price (Got it for 140 shipping+tax)Little bloatwareAndroid so there's lots of apps and a large community to help you outCons:Froyo 2.2No USA stock Gingerbread 2.3 (venezuelan available - movida)Huawei has little to no support for this device and looks to have given up on developing any software for this device.This phone comes at a decent price. I would say this is comparable to Samsung's Exhibit 4g except for the battery life and the processing speed. I'm not going to use this device for games so processing won't matter too much. The only times I notice the speed will be during boot ups and playing videos and browsing websites that are heavy in flash.The major drawback like I said before is Huawei's support for this device. It's pretty much non-existant. Forget ICS. Forget GB. That is, unless you're willing to void your warranty and "upgrade" via rooting methods.I've tested out the wifi and it's pretty good. The one draw back is that it sometimes interferes with video playback so you hear a buzzing sound (maybe it's something else, but I think it's the wifi). I haven't tested the talk and regular internet use yet but I will update soon.Update:Call quality is clear over the network. I haven't tried calling over the internet (don't intend to).Call stability seems fine. 20+ minute calls haven't dropped even at 1 or 2 bars.Reception so far hasn't been a problem even though there's high rise apartments around me, no one has said they called me and I didn't receive the call.This phone is capable of much higher over the network data rates. I have T-Mobile so their "4G" isn't that fast. At off peak hours, it's around 1.5mbps/500kbps. Around peak hours it's 500kbps/300kbps.I haven't tried doing too much else with this phone. Typing is fine, just gotta use the sides of your fingers instead of the tips. The camera is ok for today's standards. If you go to a store and want to take down a barcode or an image of an item, it works fine. I don't play games on this phone so I don't know how it handles them.---As a T-Mobile customer, I can get 6000kbps down and 1000kbps up most of the time. That's for NYC so if you live in the 5 boroughs, your speeds and experience should be similar.

thats goog i bay for other person and he didnt answer but i think the phone is vey good ,,

The battery sent with the phone did not work. So, another battery was sent and the second battery would not charge. I returned the product for a refund.

I got this phone about 2 weeks ago and it has amazed me so far.The screen at 3.8" is pretty wide. Battery life is decent and sound quality is good.Android 2.2 Froyo works great it's up to you to pick and install the apps you want in addition to the preloaded ones.I was pleasantly surprised by the fact that it has FM radio built in. It has been described elsewhere as not included.The GPS works fine just make sure you get the address in before leaving the reach ofyour WiFi hot spot. I have not yet seen another phone that gives you (combined)  the speed (800 MHZ processor), the 5 megapixel camera, the 3.8" HD quality movie picture, the regular audio connector,  and the overall solid build at such a competitive price.I used the Tweaker app and I was on my service provider network in 5 seconds no customer service rep needed.Using mobile network internet feels just like WiFi. That 4G must be for real.Make sure you uncheck the mobile network under settings or you may quickly rake up some serious datacharges.

Uncooperative.  Unreliable.  Unsatisfactory.  Unacceptable.This phone has been adamantly resistant to the concept of functioning properly since the day I got it.  Getting it activated was problematic.  Getting it to allow the data plan to get activated was more problematic.  Getting it to allow the VoiceMail function to get activated was even more problematic.  Use time from a full battery charge appears to be about as long as it takes to eat half of a donut.This miserable phone has been problematic every step of the way since Day One.  It&#8217;s going back to where it came from and I thank my lucky stars it&#8217;s returnable and the sum total loss I have to absorb is the cost of return shipping.  I&#8217;m chalking this profoundly negative experience up as one of life&#8217;s learning experiences.I guess the moral of the story is that if you want a smartphone it&#8217;s necessary to pay long bucks and get one of the high end ones, because trying to go budget-friendly and get an inexpensive &#8220;smartphone&#8221; (???) certainly didn&#8217;t work out with this one.The only reason I&#8217;m giving this phone one star is because the system won&#8217;t allow me to give it zero stars.

My daughter and I have these cellphones, hers is in Peru and mine here and both work pretty well. The reception is good, the screen is very sensitive and where ever you have wi if works even better, of course the camera does not have a great quality but for someone like myself that do not use the camera very often, it is ok.I recommend this phone for someone who is not very demanding and wants to have a reliable phone and use it for locations,and keep in touch with family and friends.

Don't buy this phone or any products from this brand. It is low quality and just a bad phone. I rather find other brands with same price. This phone just does not worth the money at all.

Loved the phone but even though it was unlocked I couldn't get it to work with Consumer Cellular. Tried everything on their end with no success. Was considering Straight Talk service but that didn't work out either. I love Consumer Cellular and will keep their service but not with this phone. Great seller communication, just waiting for refund now.

I have had this for abot a month on Consumer Cellular...I am thinking of switching from my Samsung Charge on Verizon network to save money.So far its OK.....ocassionally it locks up and acts like a slow PC from the 1980s...Definitly not as nice as the Samsung Charge...still testingIm done,,,,this phone is not dependable,,,,There must be alot of problems because this was the "best phone" Consumer Cell had and now they cancelled it.They finally got some decent Samsung phones.I don't know how much of it is the service with Consumer cell but I will update when I get a new phone..

This phone worked perfectly with a new sim card on my Consumer Cellular account, saving me $75.  Plus, being in unlocked condition, has allowed me to easily root this phone.

I'm a Consumer Cellular user, and this phone worked perfectly for me. I didn't bother to request a different sim card. Just took the one out of my current phone and put it in this one. Bam,.. I was off and calling. It was a truly seamless transition.The phone was great. I'm not a techie who must have the latest, so this phone brought everything I need to the table. Until the screen died.5 months i purchased it, this phone has died. Started with the screen going black, and having to turn off and then turn on again the phone. This happened more and more often until one day, the screen just wouldn't light back up. The phone is on, but the screen is dead.Got rid of the phone since I could find no place to get it fixed. Bought a Sony, from Sony, so if there are any warrenty questions, I know where to get it fixed. If your Huawie works, hurrah for you,.. but if it dies, you're screwed.

I ordered this product to work with the Consumer Cellular network.  Could not get the device to work with their server. Returned the phone. However, I was contacted by the seller who said they could fully unlock the phone for me. Unfortunately, I had already sent the phone back and ordered the Huawei from Consumer Cellular instead.An update.  I have heard back from Ross Cellular which I had purchased the phone from. Since I have sent the phone back, they have apologized and offered me a case or another accessory for free for my trouble.  I would give them a five star rating for their responsiveness.  Thank you Ross Cellular.I have changed my rating to a four star for customer service only. Though the phone did not work with my carrier, Ross Cellular gave me a complete refund and sent me a small gift for the trouble. Would buy from them again. Great customer service.

While I am an Amazon junkie, I got this phone through my carrier. There are actually four or five U8800 models. Presumably, this is the U8800-51. There is little difference in Android phones. They are all the same Chinese schlock. A couple of things you should know:There are phones being sold with four different versions of Android; &lt;2.2, 2.2 ("Froyo"), 2.3 ("Gingerbread") and 4.0 ("Ice Cream Sandwich"). This phone runs on Froyo which will run 99% of Google apps. One downside to this phone is that it is probably cannot be upgraded to Gingerbread. For the VAST number of users that will be irrelevant.If you want access to the Google apps market (most of which is free), browse, use email - great. This is also a good media player (audio and video). Oh and it actually makes and receives phone calls too. I am a cord cutter and this is terrific communicator. It plays very well with my bluetooth headset and has a good speaker as well. The camera is good - not great. While it is 5 megapixel, the lens is very wide angle. The digital zoom erodes picture quality. However, unlike many phone in this range it DOES have a flash.One other thing that you should know is that Huawei (sounds like a Hawaiian disease) expects you to get technical support from your carrier. Their US tech support is awful.

I am working with the vendor at present to get a unlock code or pin for this phone. The phone suppose to be unlock but when I tried to go to another carrier they needed the unlock code or pin.

Satisfecho con la compra, llegaron en excelente condici&oacute;n a venezuela encendieron perfectamente y todas sus funciones est&aacute;n activas y la c&aacute;mara muy buena , satisfecho.

Easy to handle and very reliable. Most importantly, it is very cheap, unlocked and you don't need to pay 50 each months

I bought it due to some of the great feedback.  When I got it I found it did not have fm radio which the description said it had.  Instructions and warranty card are in Chinese.  You can see behind the display on the edges like it was too narrow for he glass surface.  It freezes frequently and is very slow too respond.  Am going to invest in a sansung.

It is nice for the price...my daughter thanks it is slow in the processor but I don't know.  It is better that paying $500 for a similar phone at the phone store.

This is the first smart phone in our household and it we are quite impressed with it. We have Consumer Cellular phone service with no contract and extremely low rates. All I had to do was remove my SIM and memory card from the old phone, install them in my new U8800, charge it and after a few minutes of setup time we were in business. We don't have 3G or 4G available in the rural setting where we live, but it connected to the internet through my wireless router and I was browsing in no time. The HSPA+ phone service worked flawlessly and we even had a much stronger signal connection than our previous Nokia 3C phones had.I ordered two of them but had to use different sellers due to limited quantity. Still waiting on the second one. But we got two of these babies for less than the cost of one iPhone. And my wife is already used to Android due to using a tablet with that OS so the learning curve is nil.Highly recommended!!!UPDATE - After some research I found out that a new tower built last summer a mile from our house does provide 3G & 4G. So I dug deeper online and found out how to enable 4G service on this phone. Had to add two new APN setups on the phone using the following settings:WebName: Consumer Cellular (I believe this field actually can be whatever)APN: att.mvnoProxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comPort: 80Username: (not set)Password: (not set)Server: (not set)MMSC: (not set)MMS Proxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comMMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: PAPAPN type: default, supl, mms (I'm not positive you need mms here, but it works so I'm not changing it)APN protocol: IPv4MMSName: Comsumer Cellular MMS (Again, probably can be anything)APN: att.mvnoProxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comPort: 80Username: (not set)Password: (not set)Server: (not set)MMSC: [...]MMS proxy: proxy.mvno.ccmobileweb.comMMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: PAPAPN type: mmsAPN protocol: IPv4These settings were provided by Consumer Cellular to another customer who kindly posted them on an Android forum.After entering these parameters I cycled the power, enabled the data and it connected immediately. I was amazed at how much faster it is than through the wireless internet service we have. In a week it has used up about 19 Mb of the 100 Mb we have on our monthly plan. But that includes several games that I downloaded for my wife to play while she is on lunch break. I will have to monitor it closely.Needless to say I am even more impressed than I was previously. You cannot beat Consumer Cellular for low price, high quality service!UPDATE 2 - 1/13/2014 - Well, after a year of usage I still think this is an excellent phone for the price, with the following caveats. If you are going to root it and install custom ROMs then the support from Huawei is non existent and any users' support is dated and scattered at best. The community of users is not the most friendly to newcomers. All of that said I have purchased an additional one for a bargain price and am still satisfied with it overall. I customized it, removed the bloatware and could not be more content.I have since upgraded my wife as to a Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini because she needs more horsepower than this phone gives.If you only need a phone for call, texting and some BASIC app usage then this one will work for you. Be sure to buy an unlocked version and root it so you can remove the crapware that comes preinstalled.

I had never heard of the Huawei brand before searching for a new phone but, after checking online, I found them to have a reliable reputation, with very few complaints regarding this model. We live in a global economy and, as with most electronic products these days, this phone is made in China. That might be a detractor to some, however please be advised that this phone is solid, well assembled and very reliable. Because the phone was marketed by ATT as their Impulse 3g model, you may find some feature preloaded on the phone that are of little or no interest to you, and might not even work with your service provider. That said, the phone and the basic features will work on any 3g network (ATT and T Mobile), but will not work on Verizon or Sprint service. This phone packs a lot of features that are good options for the first time smart phone user. The camera and HD video on the phone are superior to what my digital camera offers. My only complaint about the Huawei model 8800 is the relatively short life of the battery, especially when left on in the standby mode.

It is not easy to learn how to use it.  Also, the directions sent with the unit are very poor.  One has to go to the internet to find usefull directions for it's use.

I bought this phone to use with EchoLink a Ham Radio application that runs on Android. The app works like a charm. The phone is being used on a TMobile pay as you go plan with no data. I use the WiFi feature for internet access while in hotels on the road and it works just fine. I took the sim card out of my old phone and installed in this phone and it works just fine. The Bluetooth connected to my Silverado will almost no effort and functions flawlessly. I am very pleased with this phone.

This is an excellent replacement for the phone I drowned.  The phone, the price, and the customer service were excellent.

We bought four Huawei U8800 phones for my family to use with Consumer Cellular. Initially the phones worked OK but over time they all started to go into &#34;Emergency Calls Only&#34; mode. This is a problem because you don't know it's in that mode until you look at the screen -- meaning hours can go by without knowing that people are trying to reach you. To reset it you have to power off and then back on. This problem started to happen just about every day with all the phones. It seems resolved since I replace the Sim card on my phone.However, a bigger problem arose when half the screen on my son's phone went black. I called Huawei customer service and because we were still within the warranty period, they instructed me to send the phone back to them for repair. Two weeks after they received it they informed me that the phone is not under warranty because I bought it through Amazon &#8211; who is not an authorized dealer.  I had bought the phone through Amazon Market Place. The vendor was IPlugged.  IPlugged has not yet responded to my email; and when I went to access the Amazon &#8220;A to Z guarantee&#8221; I was informed that the guarantee period was past &#8211; after less than 4 months from date of purchase, although the manufacturer&#8217;s warranty is stated as one year. So evidently, there is NO ONE YEAR WARRANTY if you buy this phone from Amazon or another &#8220;unauthorized dealer.&#8221; Huawei is sending me back the broken phone along with an email that signs off with their &#8220;Best Regards.&#8221;

I had lost my brand new phone and could not see my way to buy a brand new phone. I was happy with the price and condition of the phone. And came about in one week.Only I am very upset I am not able to receive and send pictures to do they are to large to send and receive. I did not receive a manual. I am not very good at electronics and not happy that I can find or ask any one how this can be corrected. I was very happy with my brand new phone and that is why I wanted one just like it. Sorry I got this one. Should have bought a new one.

This is the 1st smart phone I have ever owned so I am still learning how everything works. I have to say, I am very satisfied so far. The only problem I had was as a Consumer Cellular customer, and even though this is the same phone they offer, it will not work on their network. I went to Wal Mart & signed up for their $45 unlimited everything plan without a contract & paid $25 for a sim card, & the phone works great using T Mobile's network.

this was a good product and seems to be just the kind of smart phone i was looking for. right price also

This phone is great.  I bought this after a year with an LG Thrive, which was a good phone too, but I wanted an updated phone that was larger and had a better camera.  My friends with iPhones are jealous my phone has a larger, clearer screen, a 5MP camera, and on top of that, is about $400 cheaper.  I use Consumer Cellular as my carrier and just swapped out the SIM card from my old LG, which was no hassle at all.

Bought this phone to use on the Consumer Cellular network. After a few weeks, the phone had to be turned off and on several times per day to get it to work properly.

Great phone at good value.  I would recommend to anyone needing a smartphone.  Works as described and got case and accessories later.

this is the best as it gets. I got 3 phones from amazon. one for me, one for my wife, & one for my grand daughter (which we are raising 7 years old). we are a member of consumer cellular they sent me their shim cards and just like that they work just fine.we are 75 and our 1st smart phone. the phones are at&t.; if you are a consumer cellular,don't worry.HUAWEI Impulse 4G U8800 Unlocked GSM Phone with Android 2.2 OS, Touchscreen, 5MP Camera, HD Video, GPS, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth - Black

I purchased this particular phone because it was the top of the line product for my carrier. It has turned out to be a rather difficult one to use. First of all, the screen locks up very quickly and you have to keep unlocking it every time you try to open the phone. Opening the phone is rather clumsy, too, in that you have to press the power button on top of the phone. Neither of these functions is particularly difficult; more annoying than anything. In addition the settings on the phone are lacking in their functionality(more options would be nice in certain areas). Also, I printed out the user guide which turned out to be pretty much of a waste. The instructions were so brief as to be almost useless. Finally, there is no software for this phone to make it useful with a PC unless your bluetooth functions flawlessly. My Samsungs came with software for use on your PC which came in very handy for transferring and working with data. It is not a bad phone for the price but there are much better options out there - shop around.

I received this phone and quickly figured out how to install my sim card and get things going. The instructions were very clear even for someone who had never owned a smart phone. I am a Consumer Cellular customer and the phone worked great with their platform. The problem came when the phone would just not seem to hold power. After as little as 2 very short phone calls and a hand full of texts, it would run the battery down. I contacted the seller giving a detailed explanation of what I was experiencing and asking if this was normal for this type of phone or was it a battery issue. They sent back a very unbusinesslike response which simply stated, &#34;If you like we can send you a new battery at no extra cost.&#34; No greeting, no closing, no answering of my question. I sent another email asking if that meant it was a battery issue since the question had not been answered. Again I received a similar response stating it was not typical and that was why they offered a new battery and it was being shipped.  Well, Ok. I figured no problem they just are a company who has no business communication skills. Since I've always been in the business world and would never, EVER allow one of my employees to respond to customer questions in such a manner. I let it slide and figured I'd wait to write a review until I received a new battery and everything was fine. A few days later I did receive a new battery, put it in the phone, charged it up and once you take it off the charger, the battery won't keep the phone on. I tried again, and it's the same problem. I chose not to deal with the seller again and went and bought a battery which works fine and I love my phone. The moral of this story is, buy the phone, but maybe choose a different seller.

It's a good phone indeed. It works very well for me. It deserves the price with this configuration. I will recommend it to everyone.

Terrible mistake purchasing this phone.  Drops off wifi constantly even when 20' away line of sight.  Battery needs recharged 2-3 times per day and gets extremely hot.  Phone charges better when phone is turned off, if on, takes 10-12 hrs.  Phone is not compatible with most software and videos fail 2/3 of the time.  Photos are a waste of time.  Other then that, it makes a fair paper weight.

Phone arrived way ahead of estimated delivery schedule. This phone has everything that I needed in a phone. Owners and set up manual are in Chinese, but you can download one off the net, so that is not an issue. I have owned a Huawei phone previously and had no issues with it at all. After setting up a new APN I was able to connect to my carrier Consumer Cellular without a hitch. Can run all the latest app's and the camera has great quality and clarity. All in all this one is a keeper.

This is a good budget phone. You get a cheap phone with all the perks of the android market. I sent it out of the country for a gift and my cousin loves it.
