
Samsung have done a great job to design a robust and attractive phone, I bought this as a gift for a family member and they are very happy with it.

its nice phone for the money it do every thing I want it to do .the wifi it very good I love it .

Warning!!! Even though the product description clearly states US warranty it does NOT have one.  This is a Latin American phone and therefore the warranty is only valid when sold in Latin America.  Samsung will not be able to provide any warranty coverage or even technical help if this phone has issues.  Just thought I would save everyone the money that so many others have lost on this product.

The phone is not loud enough and it does not have enough space the space is very low I want to retun it

Unfortunately, I couldn't get my chosen SIM's card to work in my area and in the end I wasn't able to afford keeping the phone; using it as a MP3 player. Therefore, I was forced to return it. While owning this phone, however, I liked it very much. I will admit that it wasn't perfect for me and if I am able to get another unlocked phone it will not be this one. But, that's my personal opinion and I'm a pretty particular (picky) type of person.

Working really good so far, only thing is the data storage, it a little to small, but then since I only use it for calls and messenger, it does it jobs well. Wish it had a two cameras so I could have used Skype with it. But  guess at the price it was, it is a good deal, love the dual sim capability also.

it works great but canot dowload pictures sent via text, the internet works great though.  I wish I had know it wouldn't be compatile with AT&T images.

it says it is a big phone but when i received it it was not what i expected. this phone didnot meet my needs.

This phone doesn't support java so you won't be able to play most popular games. The camera is awful as well. Its barely a smart phone. But that being said, if you just need a phone and don't care about apps and cameras that much, its still a well made samsung product.

I purchased it to be use in Costa Rica and it work super; I have to purchase maybe two more.

It's a good phone I love it and I love the idea of unlocked, in this case I can use it any where I go around. World.

so new to the hole smart phone, and this little pup is awesome, screen could be a little bigger but fits perfectly in my hand, touch on it is good, speed good, good battery life showed up on time (think a little early), got some covers from ebay 3 for 7 bucks, this phone is based out of india, and scince im in the us no stores here had covers, give this phone a  A for user friendly, A on screen, B on camera not the greatest but still good. so far no issues

love this phone this was a good buy enjoy having this phone would tell other people about this phone would like this one

The phone didn't meet my expectations for using it back in Africa which was the reason it was purchased. Then again, i can only get to use one sim as the other sim isn't available to make calls on and i activated both network.

it was a gift for one in Ecuador. person please noting bad to say. good phone for out of states

Purchased this as a present for my russian nieces. The phone would not work in Russia. Could not return it because the boxes were thrown away

I bought this phone for my 12 year old niece in the Philippines. I bought an earlier model S5306. They use phones differently than we do here in the states, about 99% texting and less that 1% voice calls. My niece maintains 3 or 4 simultaneous text conversations while watching TV or eating dinner. She loves this phone. She picks up Wi-Fi in the Mall and 'Facebooks' while taking photos, videos, listening to music and talking to 4 girlfriends all at once. I paid about the same price, unlocked, in The Philippines. (5,000 pesos)  Since than I have purchased three more of these phones, newer model S6102.  All my other nieces and nephews are crazy about the original one I bought.  Unfortunately the niece who has the first one had it slip out of her jacket pocket while riding on a motorcycle.  Warning - these phones do not bounce well.  So one of these three new phones is a replacement. It lasted her almost a year with no problems.**UPDATE **  November 2013.  I brought three of these S6102's to the Philippines.  They are the dual sim card Phones and gave them to three of my nieces, they are crazy about them.  Using web based chat like Facebook Messenger and 'WeChat' we keep in touch.  If they can find some good WiFi.  Sending voice messages, photos, and using a mirror (the phone does not have a rear facing camera, we video chat.  Having dual sim cards, the girls use the two major companies.  Text messaging within your network is cheaper and sometimes free.

Getting accustomed to the fast keypad, since this is my first smart phone. working great, will graduate to more advanced model soon

I purchased this phone for my cousin who will be using it in EL Salvador.  Overall the phone is GREAT.  I like how its compact, has touchscreen, came in a super clean package, with a charger, headphones, and battery.  Nothing was missing, phone is in NEW condition.  It was delivered within days after I placed the order.  The price is fair for what you are getting.  If you are looking for an Unlocked Dual Sim card phone then this would be a good option.  Something that I overlooked before I made this purchase, the phone has no Flash, regardless, its a good purchase for the type of use it will be getting in Central America.  I will be ordering a few more later on.  The people at Mobile best sellers have done an excellent job throughout this transaction.P.S. Micro SD Card is not included, it's not a bad thing, just a heads up.

You basically can not add any extra aps and even the updates that are on the phone there is no space to have updates.Great if you only want to check email and call.  I am going to have to purchase another phone now.....

It never caught 3G network when I used that in India. I was able to get 3G network with the same sim on other phones but not on this one.

Excellent phone to take abroad when travelling, It feels and looks good in the hand, but beware a little tech knowledge is required to setup the dual configuration properly and when it is activated it will drain the battery faster than usual but that is expected.

How I wish I could rate this product zero star. I bought this phone as a gift for my sister who is overseas, the dual sim did not work, only one did, and she complained the phone kept freezing with calls dropping. It was a waste of money buying this phone.

Excellent phone.This was the perfect phone wanted in a country in Africa where every one had 2 sims cards or more and sepatrate phones.

I really liked having two lines in one cell, her performance is incredible. though it gets slow on occasion is still a great phone

Better then my other phone ,reception is good have a little trouble answering it something to get use to.Thank You!

My new phone is excellent!!!!!!! I recommend because it is more convenient, portable and I can save any ware, so good

great android samsung phone,  but it's getting old very fast (on options and programs)nice screen, sound great, I can use wasap, skype, email, calendar, phone... what else??

The primary disadvantages of this phone are:1. Low built-in memory.  Many apps can only be installed on the built-in memory, and thus this greatly limits the number of apps that can be installed.  Make sure to DISABLE auto updates, as the default apps (which you can't remove) update and take up much more space.  Installing an external SD card WILL NOT HELP YOU WITH THIS.  Think of the external SD card as useful for storing your images / videos only (not apps).2.  Low screen resolution.  This is not the best phone for looking at pictures, or using apps that require large screen size.Having said that, this is a cheap phone that works well. If you have basic needs, this does the trick and I'm happy with it.

Very nice especially the dial sim feature......4stars because I cannot find a nice cases ...,But the features  size and the feel of the phone so works for me!

Nice little phone. I'm loving it and also contemplating buying one for my wife who also seem to love it.

Been using it for a while now and it does everything that I want it to do. I have used it in the Caribbean and Africa without any problems.

It is for my wife in Brazil. She will use it all the time. She is a teacher  and also knows English and Portuguese

I'm disappointed that it did not come with a User Manual. Like I said, I'm not cellular phone savvy. I bought this for my wife for Christmas present. Now I'm the one is trying to show her how to use it. It came with a basic piece of paper on how to open the unit, install the sim card, and close the unit. It would have been nice if a User Manual like show me what to do with all those icons ( or do you call them 'apps?), how to set the time, how to receive messages in my voice 'mail' box, how to e-mail, how to install names and phone numbers, ringtones, etc., etc.Any chance you could send me the users manual for this unit?I like the size of this phone, goes very nice into my shirt pocket or my wife's purse.

I like it. You can improve yourself to the idea of having a real smart phone by using this entry level phone. It works fine with Simple Mobile plan. I recommend it, if you are looking for a cheap alternative to unlock smart phone.

This is my first smartphone and I like it very much. I'm a fan of Samsung and have had other phones by them. The price of this phone was great and so far everything is working fine and I hope it continues that way. I mainly use it to talk with friends, check email, use Skype, and listen to music. I probably won't use all of the phone's capabilities, but that's okay. I got it because it has dual SIM card slots. I do a lot of travelling and I don't want to have two phones (one for the US and one for abroad). I'm going on a trip soon and will test it out. I hope I don't have any problems.

Is a cool Phone, all the features are great, but is to small. Delivery was accurate. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it!!

The phone works fine with both simcards. And the version of android on it is very good. It was a gift for my wife and she is happy with it.

lightweight and a great backup team to help me with questions.  It's a good starter phone after a long period with flip phones

This is a great "little" smart phone.  It's not a mini tablet as some of the newer smart phones are but it is a phone with some very nice, usable features.  Notes:  If you don't care about the white vs black case - save your money and get the black; also if you really don't need the dual SIM feature, save your money and get the single SIM version of this phone (it has a different model number).  I have an AT&T prepaid plan and this unlocked phone works great.  I am still getting used to the touch pad but it seems very responsive and a stylus is a real help.  I opted for this item because I wanted a white screen and the warranty.  But when I tried to register it at Samsung US, they didn't recognize it as a US model and wouldn't give me one, so beware.  Again, love the phone, but save your money and purchase this model, black or white, dual SIM or not, without the warranty because it isn't available in US.

In theory, this phone sounds like a perfect fit for travelling to multiple countries and the USA, without being locked into global roaming and a contract. But it did not work. It would not acknowledge the 2nd SIM card when inserted, did not even give me the option to manually select. I had no communication access while abroad as it just would not cooperate.  It eats minutes by continuing to notify me that I have voice mail when I do not. It also continues to notify me that I have no memory for messages, but continues to alert me I have messages, that I cannot access. I added an SD card, did not help. There are apps on the phone that I have absolutely no use for (especially since the wifi only works randomly) and cannot uninstall, and they take up valuable memory space. Skype will not work at all, I was only able to install Viber, due to memory size. It works sporadically, not reliably. There is no RAM or room on this phone to do anything of value. Note to self: Spend more money and get a real phone!

too many useless memory eating app add ons that can't be uninstalled-mimium amount of xtra MB which you cannot use the external card

Excellent android phone with all the same features of moreexpensive models. Voice recognition app saves time andvery accurate.

Works great and very easy to carry and use. Battery life is adequate and screen is very bright. Very satisfied with it.

This is a great GSM DUAL SIM phone ...  I've put &#34;At & T&#34; and &#34;T-Mobile&#34; SIMS in it thus far and it works great ...  Switching SIMS is easy, the GPS and WIFI work great ...  I've put a  &#34;Telestial&#34;  ( international service provider ) SIM in there and that works great too ...  UNLOCKED ?????  YOU BET YOUR SWEET SIM - YES -  IT IS  UNLOCKED  !!!!  I have NOT placed an SD CARD in this phone, because I have read other reviewers who said that the SD CARD caused the phone to not function properly.  So, I don't want to take that chance at this time, since I intend some overseas travel real soon ...  IT COMES WITH CHARGER, USB , EAR PHONES, VERY BASIC MANUAL , ...  Mine came &#34;Quality Control&#34; Inspected which means the box was opened and had a Q.I. seal placed over the opening ...  I paid about $140.00 for this phone and in my opinion, it is a bit pricey...  DO NOT PAY MORE !!!  Just my opinion ...  Do what YOU want to do ... IN ANY EVENT ...  If I do not update this review, that means that this phone works overseas,  so you can get at least 5 of these sexy little phones for yourself  !!!  Peace on Earth  !!!

I purchase the phone for travel over sea work very good in EuropeOnly the battery life is not long but managable

the product is excelent, this was for mom and she is very happy with her new smarthphone! thak you very much

I have had this phone for a while now and it is very useful. many gadgets and i can use it all over the world.

UNLOCKED and BRAND NEW!!! Works great in Venezuela... This phone is very light but it work very good!!! For the price I really recommend this cell.

It's a Samsung, so the phone is quality.  It has limitations with memory, but allows android functions (unlocked).  It lacks the screen size, but it is dependable.

I bought this phone for international travel and when it works I have no problems. Have used over half a dozen different countries sim cards but after 3 weeks travelling through SE Asia the battery wouldn't charge all the time and the phones software would crash on me. I tried switching batteries but it was the phone. I finally figured out taking out the battery and putting it back in sometimes would fix the problem temporarily. I only use it when out of the country so when I can get it to charge fully. I take the battery out until my next trip but the phone is very unreliable.

The phone started having problems after one week. The phone was very erratic; at times it could not dial the number and sometimes it could not open arriving text messages.

The phone was to use in Panama, After 8 days using it the phone turn off itself. No way I recommend it and the return policy only covers for shipping inside the US. Terrible Experience.........

This phone is using the name of galaxy to make profit. It is like a toy.Not good  on 2G,3G don't even think 4G. Bad Phone. Can't send e-mail, website pretty low. Size very small. The worst thing is the speaker volume, and normal volume that make the phone absolutely a waste of money. Furthermore, When using headset, you may hear all unwanted noise of all kinds. I returned it after 3 days. Purchase on October 1st on amazon, then return it on October 07th, 2013 immediately.

It is a beginners friendly celphone. I was able to use even without reading the manual but I wish it were smaller in size!

I also told you why I returned it.  It is a model which should not be sold in the U.S.  I could not even get an instruction booklet for it from Samsung in the U.S.

i do not change phone regularly but this small gadget seem to work for me plus the price is a bargain.

Good phone for that price. Buy for my 9 yrs son to use. He loves it too.Will buy more.

This is the most overpriced phone I have ever bought. I don't even think this is an original Samsung phone to be honest. The phone has no memory, it is very slow. I think your cell phone company has it at their stores for no more than 30 bucks...

excellent very good phone I'm not complaining mub good screen and quick to start using this technology is ideal you can download multiple aplicasiones

the battery doesnt work in other words didnt charge gave me a hard time and to put the cherry on a really bad ice cream i saw flames or sparks when i try to charge it to if you want a 100 headache go for it but I regret this purchase

it perfect works just fine!!! i am from Argentina so i bought it unlocked i just placed my chip on the phone and it just worked had no problem at all, really happy, easy to use, nice screen, sensitve to the touch, just great.the package arrived just in time, very happy with the seller. thanks

It's worked perfectly for me.  I like the white case. Very happy with it.Haven't used the 2nd sims card yet but will use it in London soon.

This device is for the most basic use only. It's very small phone fits in the palm of my hand. I gave it four stars because I was expecting a little more from the phone. I went through some of the settings and features and it is very basic. You can text pictures, apps are limited, Web browsing is limited, camera is basic not very good quality.I would recommend this phone for someone who is looking to give their child or elder a phone for basic needs .

the camera (which is all i have used so far) doesn't have a sharp image when you enlarge.  A 5 would have been better, but how is a novice to this world of electronics supposed to know?

The size is smaller than expected.  Everything  else is o.kdid not pay attention  to size when order, Works fine.

Bought this for my mother-in-law and it was simple to set up, but for reasons even AT&T cannot explain, she cannot receive photos via text message. Works well as a simple phone. Reception is fine, however, but we'll probably dig an old Iphone 3 out of the drawer and give it to her.

not user friendly, only  minmal directions in one tiny booklet included - do not recommend except for the very savvy technocrat and then what would they be doing with this phone except giving it to a kid

Needed for trips outside the US...buy a sim card locally and you are good to go...works well in Nigeria and Tunisia so far...

I love it and my mom too. It is small, comfortable and so it is great for her. A good investment

good phone if you are only going to be making calls only. I bought a 16GB of memory and the phone would not recognize it. Therefore i was not able to download all the applications i needed.. I am returning it for this reason.

This phone was too complicated for me so I returned it and found one that was more suitable.  Sorry I could not use it.

Thanks ... this is a pretty nice phone ... It has a tough learning curve but it also has a ton of features.George

I bought it to be used in Honduras, at first i did have a problem with software and had the phone checked here and i discovered there was a problem with one of the sims, i changed it and now it works well, the other problem i have is that i haven't learned how to shift from one sim to the other. just learning to use i guess!, anyway i'm studying the manual to fix that.Other than that i think its awesome.

I really like this phone. This is my second try into the smartphone arena and I did not want to pay $400 or more for something I may not really use as a smartphone. I was correct, most of the capabilities of the phone I do not use. However it is nice if I ever do want to try them. My husband has tested the phone to make sure it works. I still mostly talk on it

I bought this as a gift for a person in Argentina.  Unfortunately, the government rips of its people by doubling the price of technology, making the stuff we take for granted in the USA, only available to rich or near rich.  The phone replaced a blackberry and has been reported as working fine.  I hear the 2 sim card is useful as people have 2 differnt phone companies to help drive down cost since chatting service to service is significantly cheaper than across different services.

My samsung arrive in time stated, good service and timely, my phone works well. I am happy with my phone

I absolutely LOVE this phone, and cannot say enough great things about it!  It's the move toward smart phone that I wanted (wifi, email, etc.) without the insane monthly data charges.  (This does mean that I can't send or receive pictures via text, but I'm ok with that.)  The battery life easily lasts 4 or 5 days between charges, with moderate daily calling, wifi, and text use.  (Because I'm not signed up for a data plan, I can't see texts where I am among a group of recipients, but I'm fine with that as well.)  I had to buy and insert an SD card before there was enough memory to take pictures, and I only use one of the two available SIM card slots.  I've never had a dropped call (after a few months of daily use) and I really like the SWYPE feature for composing texts.  It fits very nicely into pockets, purses, and adapted smart phone cases.  I would highly recommend this phone to anyone!

I have used this phone for 3 days so far. Bought this mainly for use in India - arrived I left for India - the Indian sim fits, so guess will work there on my next trip.Speaker phone is not loud enough. Very responsive to touch. One charge lasts a full day long - 15 minutes to youtube, 50-60 minutes of talk and 15 minutes of browsing. The battery was still at 66%. So I am happyWorks with 2 sims - great feature. Comes with the earphones, pc connector and a charger.Havent tried the SD card so far. Since there is limited memory on this phone, looks like I will have to get one.

I gave a neutral rating because the phone, itself, seems fine.  However, although 3G capability is featured prominently in the product listing, it cannot access AT&T; 3G in some locations (such as mine!).  It simply lacks the capability to operate on the 1900 MHz band, which is required by AT&T;'s 3G network in some locations.Had to return it.

it's a Nice Phone to start out with as a smart cell phone and to know that it accommordate the use of two sim cards

I bought this for use in Thailand.  We put two sims in for local telephone calls and use Skype for overseas as well as other Skype's members.  It works great! I will buy another one.

Perfect for travel in Europe especially wiith the dual sim card slots.Easy to add minutes in the local phone stores.

This Samsung GT-S6102 Galaxy Y DUOS Unlocked Dual SIM Phone works great for me, It can work with 2 SIM. in the same time.

I tried to go cheap. Bad idea. Forget about running anything on this piece of trash. I don't have the time and energy to return this item but I am going to try soon or I may give it to a friend in colombia. It is slow, feels cheap and it takes 5 seconds to do everything.

... it was an okay phone it was a temporary phone...not the exact phone I was looking for but I'll get another one..!!

This cell present serious problems with memory management. No if it is a manufacturing defect for all these models or if it was an own equipment failure. Never fulfilled my expectations. Would not recommend.

Had to have the phone reconfigured by AT&T so it would work on their data plan, had to get new SIMS card (no charge from AT&T).  The phone worked making calls from the start but until AT&T reconfigured the phone it did not connect to the data network. No problem with AT&T getting the phone to work  on the data plan.  WIFI connection no problem. Also with the dual SIMS card I was able to transfer all of my contacts from my original SIMS card to the new one.

Nice phone. Updated Android ewth decent  functionality.Processor little slow for multiple tasks n memory fills up quickly.  Bought the phone to travel and it wilted fine on att once I got the access n point manually configured.  Would recommend to anyone.

I am unable to obtain my sims cards until I move to The Bahamas, which will be my new residency.

I was dissatisfied to see the size of the phone  but I'll use it anyway it works well but I can barely hold it
