
Has one of the best speakers I've ever heard, runs fairly smoothly without major problems. Resets itself on occasion and apps and even messenger like to stop responding sometimes more often then others. My Major problem is for whatever reason when I call people nobody can hear me, like I am whispering or far away from the phone, however if I put in my headphones people can hear me fine. Since I use my headphones almost constantly anyways not a huge issue, but a problem nonetheless if i don't have headphones around or they break.

After reading many reviews here and elsewhere I purchased the Pantech 9070. After taking it to my T-Mobile store (it was unlocked when I purchased it) and getting a free micro-sim card put in, it has worked like a charm. The lower buttons are not as responsive as I would wish but work adequately. Good screen and good quality phone sound. Compared to the Cliq 2 I was using this handset has amazing sound. It is fast and responsive. With T-mobile I am limited to 3G speeds but we don't even have 3G in our area yet so 4G is definitely not missed. Over all it is a quality phone for the price. The ICS operating system is a plus as well. I would recommend this phone for ATT or T-Mobile.

Unable to get phone to operate using digital data on a 3g network.  Works like a really nice cell phone.

It's a bright beautiful screen, very responsive to the touch.  Only wish the battery would last longer than a day, but I have a battery back up for that.

So I only got this phone because my previous Sony Xperia Ion fell into a lake from my stupidity. I wanted another smartphone, so I went around online and found this one. I didn't want to spend much because I just started college plus I'm cheap, so from those criteria, I bought this phone.Size: Anyway, my first reaction to this phone was actually quite disappointing. I opened it and the size was so small. I had gotten used to my giant of a phone along with its heavy duty case which made it even bigger.Battery: This phone varies a lot. I've had it since about mid-July and some days its fantastic other days it just plain sucks. Some days, I'll wake up at 8 and unplug it from the charger and it will stay at 100% until like 10 AM, and by the time I plug it in at night, it will only have gotten down to 70% or so. But other days, I'll unplug it at the same time and by 10 its already down to like 60%, and then it will completely die by 3 PM with the same usage as the day before where it lasted so long, which is a major problem for me, because often times I'm out of the house until like 8 or 9 PM. I don't I added too much stuff to it that would make it suck battery life which is what I find weird. Two things that help though are turning off data as well as GPS. GPS kills the battery like no other.Screen: The screen brightness toggle does almost nothing. It's just about the same brightness on the lowest as it is on the highest setting, so often I have to go inside if I want to see a text someone sent me. One other thing about the screen is the pixel density. I can understand if this is your first smartphone, it would be fantastic. But coming from my beautiful HD Xperia Ion, I often complain to myself about how bad it is.Camera: Absolutely terrible compared to my old Xperia with it's 12 MP camera that could take better pictures than any digital camera that I've had. The camera settings are also very limited compared to what I was used to. Not bad for basic usage if your not trying to take quality pictures though.Speakers: They're a little tinnier than my old phone, but my old phone's speakers weren't fantastic, so that's not a huge change.Software: Although this phone has relatively new Android software, I can't download some apps just because it is an older phone which bothers me a little bit more than it probably should.I found the opening screen (if you don't have a lock on it) to be a little weird, but I got used to it after a while. Also, if you do have a lock on it, I have found that the touch screen doesn't keep track of sliding fingers very well, so I've accidentally locked myself out a few times just because the phone wouldn't recognize it.Overall, this phone isn't bad even though I would prefer a better one. If you're looking for the basics of an Android OS smartphone without very much "fancyness" that you would get with the newer ones, this is the phone for you.

I purchased this for my little brother. After only a week of owning it, it will barely hold a charge, the phone because extremely hot, also the home button no longer works. I had to go out and purchase him another phone to use. I was highly disappointed!!

I only bought mine for $118 but I can't believe all the features this phone has packed in,it has a nice screen it's big and bright but a a little hard to see outdoors or and bright light it areas, screen reflector scratch protector helps with that.4G LTE connectivity this is a very nice feature, but you need to be on a compatible plan and service in order to use thisbattery life now this is what I've got to be a bit of a downer but battery life is very short especially the use LTE for long periods of time or play games to me it just falls short, so far with the light usage I can get about 4 to 5 hours, but using LTE and playing games for long periods of time I can only get about 3 hours of use out of it.it's also got real GPS built in most phones don't have this they have a GPS but this GPS works by using satellites even if you're out of range of your wireless carrier you have a special app you can have GPS assistance without any wireless signal from your carrier, and of course it also has network-based locations which needs your wireless signal for that.its got Bluetooth I've use my bluetooth stereo headphones and they found is good luck with my last phone but I don't see any difference in the Bluetooththe wifi is standard at 802.11 n. and it only supports Wifi in the 2.4 gigahertz range.the cameras a bit disappointing and the front one is a bit of a disaster I haven't played around with them for a long. Of time but the front camera can be used for video chatting great for taking selfies but it blurry in the back camera is not super crystal clear light I guess I want it to be, but I'll continue to play around with the settings to see if I can get it any better.its comes ship with an old outdated version of Android, but mine was already upgraded to Ice Cream Sandwich if yours comes with the older version you can download the Ice Cream Sandwich upgrade from Pantech website.well that's it for now after I've had the phone for a week or two maybe a month or write a more detailed review explaining the features and problems that may have cared.but overall I'm very excited to have the phone

great phone! I woud suggest everyone who wants a smartphone that is fast and great for everything! The only cons I can think of is the battery life, but everything else is great!

I originally bought a Pantech Pocket, but some issues with it encouraged me to buy this phone too.  Mine was shipped with ICS pre installed on it.  I was having issues with the blue tooth and the battery meter was not working correctly either.  I made the decision to return it to Gingerbread, which I did and rooted it.  After going back, pretty much all the issues I was having are gone.  Except the blue tooth.  It will force restart occasionally when trying to pair with my blue tooth.  It has a fast processor so it boots fast, so not a problem.  I really like this phone and my Pocket, so I use both, one for one month then the other.  I like the amoled screen, very rich, but my only complaint is the phone is very narrow.  Coming from the Pocket it feels even more narrow than it is.  In ICS it would not let me choose 2G only, since I don't have a data plan.  Returning it to Gingerbread fixed that and now I have it locked on 2G, which saves battery.  All in all I love both phones.  They should work for me at least a couple of years.

T mobile retailer crew said to me this phone was not unlocked, so bad but the phone itself is very nice to use.

My impressions so far about this phone: it's impressively fast with absolutely no lag at all, and doesn't even pause to catch it's breath with Netflix.The screen looks beautiful, just like a Nexus s, where the colors pop out of the screen. wouldn't expect any less since both the nexus s and the burst have a super amoled screen.The battery seems to be draining fast though, but I've been using the screen in full brightness and the keyboard on haptic feedback.The keyboard is accurate and the screen responsive. the four capacitive Android buttons are responsive at the first touch. I've had phones that take several tries.the earphone volume in the pantech burst is very, very low which is a let down, but so far is the only complain I have aside from the battery drain.edit 1: been playing Homerun battle 2 and it played without a hiccup. It's a graphics intensive game, wich tells me the GPU is good. This game is no solitaire or chess with lame graphics. Anyway I hope this review helped somebody, I'm done writingEdit: the battery barely holds charge past noon.

This phone is a terrific buy! I have owned one for about a year now and I love it. I just replaced my son's damaged Samsung with the Burst! He thinks it is a great phone. You can't beat the price and all the features.

the phone is a very good phone but batteries life not very good dies in the middle of the day and shut down on you.

I purchased the phone on review seen in another board that this phone works with T-Mobile. I was presently surprised that every bit is true. This phone's data works in 2G (GSM Edge), 3G (1900MHz WCDMA in T-Mobile refarmed area) and 4G LTE (1700MHz T-Mobile LTE).I get very good speed (10+Mbps with LTE). The phone has everything that I wanted including a 800x480 display with good viewing angle. It also has a digital compass. And it comes with 12GB of usable memory w/o the need of micro SD card.The only downside is its battery. The phone seems to suck battery very quickly. Even without any data-happy apps like facebook, gmail running in background, the phone could easily drop below 30% by afternoon. There seems to be some bug with its 3G/4G that sucks power.Fortunately, with a couple of Apps. I can place the phone into 2G and also turn on the Airplane mode at night. I am now on my third day without charge and my battery is at 30%.If you are looking for a budget phone with a budget plan, I highly recommend you getting this phone for T-Mobile.

The phone was fine for a little while but then started to have keypad and touchscreen problems.. Nothing major just a little annoying.

this es very fastProVery fastLow temperature en your handExcellent priceinternet browser very good experiencecont.screen very darkness when is outdoorcamera very poor in nightbattery is horrible

I was indecisive whether or not I should give three or four stars. I went ahead and gave it four because it is a solid device if you know what to do to make it so. I have owned this device almost 9 months, and feel that I should describe my experiences.The Pantech Burst was not my first smart device, but my first smart phone. I owned an iPad and iPod Touch prior, and still own the iPad. I guess I didn't know what to expect from Android, I don't know. Guess I wasn't expecting the random lag bursts (pun unintended), the partitioned storage capacity, or the incredible amount of customization. I was completely unaware of how unstable Android seems compared to iOS. Not that I dont like the customization, but I was used to constant fluidity and simplicity.First the Cons:1. Random episodes of unexpected lag during use. Not very much at first, but increasingly so as time went on.2. Partioned storage. I don't like having 1GB dedicated to system storage, and the rest for media. Just the way it is.3. Some apps incompatible. I bought Asphalt 7, and it goes through the setup menus, but controls are completely unresponsive.4. Fractured OS. Downloading the ICS update immediately was an obvious choice.5. Camera is bad in low light.6. Wakeup lag. Never fails.Now the pros:1. Incredible customization and personalization. So much so that I will be staying with Android, despite the flaws.2. Bigger than 3.5" screen, super amoled looks gorgeous.3. 16GB on a budget phone. Nice.4. Makes good pictures in outdoor areas.5. Dual-core 1.5GHz CPU.6. 1GB of RAM instead of 512MB on a budget phone. Also nice.NOW, how I overcame some of the cons to make this a nice, solid phone.1. Install ICS. Hands down.2.  Get Nova Launcher, Prime version if desired . (I did.) Allows more customization and significantly reduces use lag.3. Disable onscreen animation in developer options. Almost completely eliminates wakeup lag.I haven't (yet) found a way to improve lowlight pictures or the fractured OS making some apps not work right. Overall, I made this phone a 4-star phone, and I like it so much that I will be sticking with Android for my next phone. I do believe that once you go Android, you never go back for a relatively tech-savvy person like me. The lag may not bother some people, but I guess I'm a speed freak, or maybe I just enjoyed that part of iOS too much.So overall, if you are pretty tech-savvy, like to tinker with your phone; dont, and dont mind the lag; like to customize, tired of iOS, want good speed in a budget price, get this phone. I reccommend it.

This is a great phone for the price. I spent ages debating which phone to buy off amazon and i kept coming back to this one. The processor is fast and snappy. Camera is really clear in good lighting, and i love how pantech customized ics. Oh and the screen!! I love it, very sharp and clear. Colors are bright. The battery life isnt the best but with a few tinkering it can be easily boosted. Root wasnt hard at all either, and simce this is a fairly popular phone there are several custom roms put there. Even a cyanogenmod10 port, which runs great.

Very durable and SUPER FAST! I own 2 and have had no problems except for 1 fell in the dog water bowl and the warranty replacement from AT&T sent me another had it a week went to a friends house that one got stolen. I have 4 other phones on my plan none have come close to keeping up with it. Battery life does suck but remember it is running a  Snapdragon Qualcomm MSM8660 1,5 GHZ DualCore processor and Adreno 220 Graphics chip. Blows my friends Atrix away one of my daughters have a HTC Titan that I tried to replace my Burst with. I used my last warranty replacement up replacing my stolen one then a now my spouses Samsung just fell apart from just being cheaply made. The burs It will and does run top notch with ICS update for the software. You will have to tweak your settings around for battery life and you have the fastest phone is in your hands. It's a Samsung Galaxy 4 actually can keep up with or pass it in most cases. Keep a cord, charger and extra battery with you and ZOOM. Very easy to work with Roots easy I just can't say much except I am SO GLAD mainstream or everyone really don't know about what they missed because this phone wasn't promoted like all the other brands that bought more publicity to overshadow it.

The phone is excellent clear screen easy to read and bright. Very easy to set up. But the camera is garbage. The picture blurs with the slightest movement.

I have recently bought this product coming from the LG Optimus Q. The difference is astounding. This is an excellent device running very smoothly. I was skeptical going from a physical keyboard to a full touch but the screen is so responsive that I actually like it more. The phone is fast and has a great sleek design. It's like getting everything you want from the popular big brand phones for less than half the price. Highly recommend this phone.

I actually didn't buy this on Amazon, but I did buy it recently and I think the previous reviewers did a good job but I'd like to do a review of my own from a more tech side, not saying the others did not but a few key points were missed.Pros:It's fast, it has a 1.5Ghz Dual Core Qualcomm Snapdragon S3 CPU. For those of you wondering what that means, the latest CPU out in the $500 phone range is the S4, so it's only 1 generation behind.5MP Rear camera that takes pretty good pictures, and a VGA front shooter. Most phones with this price only have 1 camera, and the rear camera has a LED for flash.1GB of RAM. Though that doesn't sound like much with today's 2GB, my Galaxy Nexus only has 1 and it does very well with it.4G. Not just HSPA+, but full blown LTE.Adreno 220 GPU. This is the same Graphics chip that the SGS2 and Galaxy Note uses, so it can handle games well.ICS. Something that wasn't mentioned, this ships with Android 2.3.5 (Gingerbread) but has a Android 4.0.4 (Ice Cream Sandwhich) OTA update waiting for you.16GB of Storage. Doesn't sound like much, but it also has a microSD card slot, something that a lot of new phones don't have.And of course price. With all these pros, this phone is about half of what you think you'd pay for it off contract.Cons:It's plastic. So are a lot of phones out there, it makes them cheaper for the manufacturer and lighter for the consumer but I personally like a heavier device.Battery. As mentioned before, this doesn't have horrible battery but it doesn't have anything impressive either. It has a 1650 mAh battery and it can last awhile but don't plan on not charging this overnight.Camera. It's not bad, but don't plan on replacing your point and shoot with this.Let me also mention that despite the camera being on my cons, the ICS upgrade helps a lot by adding a batter software to the optics. I would suggest this over and over if you're looking for a good phone without being stuck on a contract or if you're wanting a premium phone to use with AT&Ts; GoPhone service.

I bought this phone used, which included generic battery.Used with PTel, 4G available, T-Mobile refarmed areas to 1900mhz band.ICSGood:Nice screenWifi syncing is neatSucks:- Camera does not adjust its exposure compensation.  Low-light areas appear entirely pitch black. (3rd party photo apps fix)- Camera does not adjust for exposure compensation at all in video recording camcorder mode.  3rd party apps did not fix.  Camcorder only works at day time outside or wide open large windows or very brightly lit areas.- Camera quality is okay in bright light.  Slightly worse or on par with HTC Droid Incredible in brightly lit areas.- The Camera's LED is very weak.  Does not light up beyond 3 feet.  Not functional except for close-up macro shots, where you wouldn't want to use flash anyways.- Earpiece and Microphone are low volume in calls.- Audio volume transmitted through earphones are also low volume.  Its max volume is the same as a normal device's mid-way volume.- Rear Speaker is low volume and very poor quality.- Performance is very sluggish despite the modern processor and graphics chip.  Performance is slower than HTC Droid Incredible ADR6300.  By performance, I only measured amount of time it took to launch the same app.- Battery life is poor.  Even with 4G turned off (which is tricky to turn off, on even when data is off).  Battery life on par or slightly worse than HTC Droid Incredible with generic batteries.My test on continuous video playback with MX Player:  Loss of 1% in battery life every 2.1 to 2.6 minutes.  About 3.8 hours of continuous video.  Screen on time is about the same, felt like I lost 1% every 2 to 3 minutes whenever the screen is on, whether web browsing or play a game.  Somehow drained from about 80% to 30% in 1 hour using Copilot GPS.- Lag on phone wake-up - apparently helped by turning off animations and switching to 3rd party launcher.- Slow and buggy search app (when you press the magnify button on the lower right).- Does not work with mobile banking apps for mobile check cashing.  Photos are distorted/corrupted.- Bug - Battery meter drops 10-20% every time you restart.  Goes up a little over time (or not, no idea how it exactly works).- Dodgy microphone.  Voice picks up well in videos and audio recordings.  Very poor in calls.  Annoying to test echoes and muffling sounds, taping over and untaping the secondary noise cancelling mic.  No idea what's going on.- Buggy software all around.Aside: My phone's battery compartment had an strong odor of Bacon Bits emitting from it.  I do not know if all Bursts have this symptom.

Espa&ntilde;olEste celular no sirve tengo que cargarlo todos los d&iacute;as, el wifi no entra y menos cuando esta bloqueado, recibo los mensajes al otro d&iacute;a, cuando los recibo, el USB no se conecta en todas las computadoras solo en una en especifico, no trajo handfree, FUE UN ERROR COMPRARLO.Ingl&eacute;s.Cellular East does not serve I have to load it every day, the wifi does not enter and less this when blocked, I receive the messages the following day, when I receive them, the USB does not connect in all the computers only in one in specific, it did not bring handfree, WAS A MISTAKE TO BUY IT.

Very nice phone, a must buy option for everyone, looking for 4G at an affordable price range. 5 out of 5

This phone has a real good display, it is very fast, it has good picture quality and processor. This phone also has a lousy battery life and other issues. The phone will be fully charged and without using the phone battery drops to 90%. When I received this phone I was happy and thought I could deal with the battery issue: two days after the return window closed the phone went black the screen was unresponsive, the phone turns on and off but there is no display.

The greatest value , cheapest android phone that gives great fast preformance . its fast and furious, the camera is better than expected nice resolutio for videos too. . If you can root it and install CUSTOM jelly bean on it, it gives an even better preformance  not that its necessary . it comes already with stock IceCreamSandiwch not gingerbread. 16GB internal memory. 4GLTE, I love it,

good product except for over heating while on LTE if you re using it for a while and bad battery life overall very good product for the prise if your planning on picking one up make sure you get an extra battery

Great Phone, Super Fast, Never Freeze The only reason I give it a 4 stars and not 5 is because it should have a 3100 mah Battery.

I purchased this phone over a year ago haven't had any problems until now. The phone is at loading apps and opening messaging. The warning sign always shows up now (force to close or wait options). Constantly turning itself off. I hit an apps for messaging it will send me somewhere else. Very slow at loading the dail pad and contacts. Over all I do not recommend this phone to anyone! Pantech sucks! If you want good quality buy a Samsung,HTC, or iPhone

Exelente celular rapido 4g lte lo uso con straight talk y me funciona exelentemente. Lo recomiendo 100% a muy buen precio y exelente vendedor. Envio rapido

great perfect and it works very smooth  powerfulbut the battery drains quickly  the  rear camera isn't so good at all  the front facing camera  is bad  after it's a good product  i like it very much  i recommended  to every one  it's a beast ! Lol

Pros:Factory ICS upgrade is available.Good processor, memory and storage.Gets excellent signal, with full 4G/LTE here in the Denver area.Easily rooted.Works well for wifi and USB tethering. (if it's rooted)Good form factor for everyday use.Can stream high definition (720p) video from my NAS, across my network.Works well with my old bluetooth earpiece.Cons:Lame battery life. Available extended battery is only 1800mAh and is $41.The default Pantech UI is annoying, install Holo Launcher HD for a stock Android look and feel.Camera is awful with the stock ICS app, but if you install the Camera FV-5 app it works much better.There is no ambient light sensor. The low setting is still blindingly bright in a dark environment, and of course, too dim for outside in the sun. I'm always manually adjusting it.[Edit] Install the app 'Lux Auto Brightness' from the Google Play Store. Since the Burst doesn't have a light sensor, it can use the camera instead, and then auto dim or brighten just like the more expensive phones. I have mine set to use the rear camera, and adjust on wake. It works perfectly without a noticeable impact on battery life.[/edit]Even with the negatives I mentioned, this is a great little phone. I use mine all day, every day and it does everything I need. At this price, and unlocked for use on any of the GSM pre-paid plans, it's a no-brainer.

the mobile is operating well, the only thing bad is their poor battery life that rapicimo download.I do not really like that part

Battlery depletes very quick and the phone geta too hot when in use. I'm afraid it will break due to the heat anytime soon.

Your service was out of this world! efficient speedy, and above all, uncompared. Thanks for not only stocking quality product; but for bringing smiles to the faces of many. I bought these for two of my children who are progressing well at school and you should see the smiles on their little bright faces. Thank you AMAZON!

Today August 2 i have been using the phone for over 40 days, i bought it from this page but from seller ipadsimshop.wow! 1.5Ghz Dual Core for this price? 1GB RAM, 16GB ROM, microSD slot, super AMOLED screen? YES PLEASE! double checked with the seller to be sure that a mistake wasn't being made and BAM! the price dropped to 199$, bought it in a blink.The phone lived to my expectations and exceeded them. the first thing you notice is that it is very solid and slimmer than what the pics suggest, once turned on immediately fell in love with the screen, beautiful colors and blacks are black, side by side the screen displays better colors than a galaxy s2, very crisp text and details. The phone is SO fast that it puts to shame the iphone 4 too, according to the benchmarks is even faster than the galaxy note. The camera is great in outdoors, everybody praises the pictures it produces but once you are in a low light environment prepare to be disappointed, that could have been improved.Battery life: if you have never owned a smartphone you are going to be terribly dissapointed, if you come from another smartphone you'll be happy with it, if you come from a blackberry you are going to love it. Once you adjust your mind to turn off unnecesary things you'll have a good full day of battery, 4G LTE Radio is a power hog.My config: installed APN switch from google play store, didn't update google maps (important), switched off gps in the power management widget, DONE! Screen is at 100%, wifi always ON. About 16+h battery life everyday, i spend 8+ hours in wifi coverage. for that i installed wifi buddy that lets me force wifi always on even if phone is lockedPROS:-SPEED!-Screen-Size, 4.0 inches. makes one handed operation comfortable, i have big hands-wow factor, everybody asks for it and all my friends love it-PRICE , competes with 350-500$ range of phones-build quality-apps are always running, never kill themselvesCONS:-4G consumes too much battery-no smart dialing in phone, like T9 predictive search in directory, you have to click search and type the name.-Mediocre low light pictures, the good thing is that it takes'em very fast-Loudspeaker not very loud, trying to play a song in a crowded area? Don't-no dedicated camera button, not really an issue.-Screen is glass but not gorilla glass, metal can scratch it***UPDATE: march 11 2013, 8 months after my original review i still like this phone a lot. not planning on getting anything newer anytime soon. Travelled to Europe, no problems there, fast GPS lock saved me from unneeded expensive cab fares many times, Worked fine in Kenya, Brazil and Chile too with prepaid sims. I dropped it accidentally in a toilet in Santiago de Chile's airport and it survived. It has fallen many times from my ears height (1,85m) and it still works perfectly.The battery life with 3G/4G cellular data is still my only gripe with this phone. in wifi coverage it barely uses power. I would complain about the camera too but not at this price, its ok for casual day to day shots, for travels i take my full featured camera anyway.I updated it to android 4.0 ICS and the battery life noticeably improved but i found out the phone was using lower clocks to save battery, the phone is slower while idling and it takes time for it to wake up from an idle state, a quick fix i found was to disable onscreen animations. I really don't see a meaningful difference from android 2.3,- cosmetic uplift makes you feel updated.- added the predictive search in directory while dialing, yay!- The camera improved a little in the dark- the rest is just mehI Bought an anker 5600mah power pack here and it fits in the same pocket with the phone while extending my power well beyond 48h of use.i hope the update helps

Although a not so known brand, this phone does the trick! Great performance at a great price! Gonna get 2 more for family and friends soon!

Not a true unlocked phone from the manufacturer, but an unlocked ATT phone.  This means that it had all the ATT bloatware installed.Would rather have a phone that comes from the manufacturer, unlocked.

I ordered the pantech phone unlocked.  What I received was a locked phone and I had no choice but to return it.  This did not bode well since I now had a useless phone that I had to return and get another phone in it's stead and pray that the second phone arrived as unlocked, which it did, but through ebay, and not amazon, as originally planned.

I read the other reviews and they were right the battery life in between charges is very short. I also had a problem with it the first week I had it. The battery was almost dead and I put it on the charger and it did not take a charge. I also tried the car charger still no luck. This phone also needs a micro sim card so I had to go back to my service and get a standard sim card so i could use my other phone after all that i tried to charge my phone again and then it started to take a charge again. I like that I can hear people talking to me. I also like the screen quality

Bought it for my 12 years old son and it has proven to be a great phone, camera and video game

There's no other cell that matches up to the specs and cost of this little powerful cell phone.  I had a sony st26w $420.00 cell waterproof and was not satisfied returned it and decided to downgrade  But the best cell I ever had was the Sony st18 Arc - got water damaged and the price went up on the celle.  The sony st18 arc had only one draw back -the power button was to depressed.  Bam! Came across this cell after reviewing the specs and price decided to get it.  The only reason why this does not have 5 stars is because the speakerphone system is not all that great, but its good enough for me.  Believe me u will be satisfied its been 3 months and if I had to do it over again it would be the BURST.

I am happy with the product, I found this product real value for money,and I am very much satisfied with after sales services of Pageplus 123.

Incredible phone, very happy with the phone, 8 months since i bought it, Moster Specs for the price!The Colors are perfect, fully bright AMOLED Screen, Dual Core 1.5 Scorpion with Adreno 220 Graphchics, give the phone the power to handle every new game, i played new games like Nova 3, Real Racing 3 ot CSR racing, working perfectly, i did suggest to that people that think to buy  it, upgrade it to ics, root it, its way easy... then upgrade it to Jelly Bean to get the maximum potential of the phone...The Only downside i can find is the battery, it could last longer (specially in 3g/h+ and 4g) and there is no really a bunch of extended batteries to solve it, just the external ones,  but if you are on Wifi, the duration its ok under normal usage.Its a Overall great phone, i love it, its just fantastic!

The photos & videos I've taken are very good. I have no complaints about any features of the phone at all.

I'm lucky if I get 5 hours out of a charge.  Other than that is an average smart phone that gets the job done.

I upgraded it to Android 4 immediately after receiving it. Also, had to unlock it for my local carrier, Tigo, but that was something I expected. I really have no complaints and everything works good. The display is the real winner, though. Very responsive and a pleasure to use.

I got a used device! The phone have a scratches on the back side. Despite the fact that it was the most expensive offer.

In a world of what's new and relatively not that imaginative let us take a look at something that already works. Today there are four major players in the smartphone categories. Blackberry, Windows, Android, and iOS. Blackberry is only available on Blackberry devices and limits how much you can really shop. iOS is only available on iPhone and restricts you even farther by only letting you select a color, memory capacity and carrier. That is unless you want to buy an older model. Android and Windows phones are available from a number of brands and carriers and most importantly, you can select how much or how little phone you want. You may favor battery life to a faster processor or maybe want higher screen resolution to watch movies on the go. Whatever you're looking for, and however you want to use your mobile device, Android and Windows phone have you covered. But this is an Android device so lets stick to that. But first lets have a quick look at the iPhone 5 ($199 as a 16gb device with a 2 year contract or $649 if you buy it unlocked).It is worth mentioning that I have owned a few iPhones. They are very simple and none of them stand out very much from their predecessor. This being said I branched off of iPhone because I decided to read the full specs of the iPhone 5 before I, &#34;upgraded,&#34; once again. It was not hard to tell that if the iPhone 5 were an Android device it would be on the lower end of performance. Quite a bit of money goes into making an iPhone and the fragile device has helped spring up a multitude of make shift repair shops that will fix your broken glass, replace your battery, etc. Is there really a good reason the back of the iPhone is made of glass? I know it looks good but this is probably going to be dropped at some point. So welcome to the world of otterbox cases and behold, the pretty glass back isn't even visible anymore.So what of the specs? Lets compare the iPhone 5 and this Pantech Burst. Both phones were released in 2012. iPhone 5 of course took advantage of the Christmas shopping season (who wouldn't want a slightly bigger iPhone 4?) and the Burst was released 11 months earlier in January. So the iPhone has the edge and is technically a newer device. As for the rest:iPhone  BurstCPU  1.3 GHz Dual Core 1.5 GHz Dual CoreRAM  1 GB  1 GBVideo  4 core 280 MHz  Adreno 220 *Resolution  640  1,136  480 x 800Pixel Density  326  233Screen Type  LED  AMOLED* - Adreno 220 is an excellent GPU but I could not find any specs. There is plenty to read if you take some time and google it.No mention will be made of the cameras. Smartphone cameras have a lense the size of a match head. Comparing which has the best &#34;camera&#34; is about as useful as comparing well, match heads. If you plan to use a phone as a camera and ditch your real camera, you're being foolish. Both cameras are suitable to send MMS messages and neither should replace a real camera for your precious family moments that are worth framing.No mention of battery life either. These devices are running a lot of hardware. Both will only make it a day with regular use. Both should be charged as you go to max out battery life. The only things I will mention here are 1) if you wanted to swap batteries in the Burst it will only take you a couple seconds to do so. With the iPhone, it is not wise to have a battery for swapping. And 2) Android takes the step of making many of their apps mostly black. Some say it makes the phone seem dark but remember, the more color the screen pushes the faster the battery dies.So as the specs clearly show the iPhone is close on specs with a low level Android device. Winning in some areas, losing in others. Overall it adds up to a pretty even fight. The so-called retina display is hardly worth calling a breakthrough. In fact at a pixel density of 233 you really only notice a pixel if you look for it (looking for a pixel that small will give you a big headache). And with AMOLED, the thing you will notice immediately is the purity of color.What of Siri vs Google? Well Siri sure talks a lot. Google lets you talk and then just does what you say. Say, navigate home and it will. Tell it to take a note for you, and it will. Say to call someone, and it will. Ask it a question, it will find the answer. Apple made it a point to show everyone that Siri could be your friend and will talk with you. Google didn't spend much time or effort showing off their voice activated system but built into the device are links to videos that help you get the most of the system. So iPhone gets Siri and Android, I will call you Sara. Take the i from iPhone make Siri take the A from Android and make Sara. Haha I am so clever.Connectivity to bluetooth is always an iPhone nightmare. It connects to your earpiece fine. But what if you are using a car stereo and trying to stream Pandora and have a GPS running at the same time? None of my iPhones have ever made a solid connection to my stereo. Eventually skipping like a scratched CD and ultimately leaving me to plug it into the AUX input. iPhone bluetooth is completely useless in my application. Fearing it was my car and not iPhone I went through the steps of buying the 3Gs, 4, and 4s. All had the same problem. The Pantech Burst came through with flying colors. Driving nearly 200 miles without a skip or missed beat. I didn't know that was possible. Now I feel my unlimited data and Pandora subscription are worth the price.Lets sum this up. If iPhone were an Andoid, it would be a low end Android. This Android device is running the current ICS, has street names spoken in Navigation, has amazingly good bluetooth connectivity, and never hiccups at any app I throw at it. To me the choice is clear. This phone is neck and neck with iPhone 5 and unlocked it is $500 cheaper. Is anyone ever really impressed with seeing someone else's smartphone anymore? Not really. So pass the butter and bring me a phone that does the same job for less money.************************************This device uses a micro sim. If you have an iPhone 4 your sim will drop right in. The larger sims need to be replaced with the micro sim or trimmed (not recommended)The Pantech Burst has been used on the Strait Talk network. I connected to 4G LTE but Strait Talk throttled me back a lot when I hopped over the 2 gig line. None the less it is still a good value plan. Here are the APN settings for those wishing to use it.Name:Straight TalkAPN: att.mvnoProxy: Not setPort: Not setUsername: Not setPassword: Not setServer: Not setMMSC: [...]MMS proxy: 66.209.11.33MMS port: 80MCC: 310MNC: 410Authentication type: Not setAPN type: default,supl,mms,hipri (no spaces)APN protocol: IPv4APN roaming protocol: IPv4APN enable/disable: checked (grayed out)Bearer: Unspecified

Worst phone I ever owned.  I can't believe how much this phone crashes.  I get messages constantly that &#34;phone is not responding&#34;  I must have a lemon if it is rated this high.  Battery life is awful as well.  In fact it lags with every app I use.  I can't say anything good about it, it sucks period.

I have bought this phone from Venezuela and its Amazing, i really love this phone, is cheap and dont need eny any guy with a Samsung galaxy mini or xperia sola

This is a very inexpensive but good cell phone. It has a 1 GB RAM and the screen has a good resolution. The only thing I don't like is the Andorid version it comes with. 2.35. But it's OK.

This phone the battery do not hold charge at all. You can charge it and in about an hour its going dead. It does not let u send picture mail or recieve them. One thing good thing about is that the web goes pretty fast

my kiddo lost its iphone so I replaced it with this android. I have one myself and it was fairly inexpensive. Recommend it.

The phone is ok, I expect a litlle bit more, for the especifications, but there is something missing...I don't know,

I got this phone for .99 upgrade at my AT&T store 9 months ago. I really liked it until recently. It has started freezing up while texting and being online. An error message will pop up and ask if you want to wait or force close. Usually after that I make sure I do not have additional apps running in the background. The battery life is not too great but for a smartphone it is average. You cannot personalize ringtones or notification sounds. My email, text, and notifications all sound alike. Other than that this phone has been good. Calls are clear and reliable.

This phone is fantastic for the price! The only cons are the call quality isn't as good as expected. It doesn't drop calls, but sometimes I sound muffled to the person I'm talking to. If I hold it on my right shoulder, the caller says I sound like I'm far away. The only other problem is battery life. I researched many phones before I purchased this one, and basically most smart phones for this price and higher don't have fantastic battery life. I can use it all day, talking, browsing, and texting. I usually charge it overnight, which is typical.The screen looks fantastic, and I haven't had a problem loading any sites or videos. Has a 4G connection, which works great. It's fast and looks great.The camera is a phone camera; it doesn't take amazing pictures. It works for an everyday camera. Daytime pictures look good. It doesn't, however, take good pictures in the dark.For the price, this phone was worth it. I use it on Straight Talk's sim program, and haven't had any problems with connections. A nice upgrade from my old phone!

I would have bought a rooted phone instead. All the apps make the battery run out way too fast there isn't enough user control on the phone.

This smart phone they sold me with manufacturing defects, the virtual buttons are fixed on the bottom of the screen,, as if they were parts of it.Turned off sometimes, showed an error.But today turn off, do not turn and no way to repair it.They sell something that does not work as new.I had a phone like this, I know him well, this sold me with problems, one used was much better than this crap they sold me.

This phone is amazing for the price. It seems like a lot of people don't know you can upgrade it to Android 4.04 for free.Just go to the pantech site and download the uploader tool.Seems very solid & is the lowest price smartphone you can buy that has both android 4 and an amoled screen. I hope pantech comes up with the burst 2 since this one is a real gem.The only con as mentioned by others is the battery can get drained fast if your using heavy data or apps, but that is true the &#34;expensive&#34; droid phones as well.

good vibrant screen , roaring fast proformance , and sips power . While I am using this as a Go Phone on AT&T; network so I have 3g turned off , GPS turned off and wifi only when I manual;y turn it on . I charged the phone to 100% this morning and by 7pm I still had 80% . I have power saver enabled . Bear in mind I am not a heavy user , just a few calls and texts a day is all I need but nice to know I have the CPU power if I need it . Mine came preloaded with ice cream sandwich . In a retail AT&T; box . The AT&T; aps cant be installed but who cares at this price point . !st app I installed was Avast free antivirus . Runs good on the phone . Call quality is good , people said they heard me well and I could hear them well . I got mine from US wireless , shipping was kinda slow , but worth the wait .I had a samsung galaxy 2 running the same OS and wow , this beats that in all like battery life and overall speed . Only thing I miss is the better camera the galaxy had the panteck is just OK as far as camera but this is its only drawback IMO but I knew that going in and worth it IMO due to the price as I am not going to pay $350 plus just for the latest gaget

I bought this phone several months ago and I absolutely hate it.  There is not enough memory and it locks up on me all the time...particularly when I'm trying to make a PHONE CALL...which is what a phone is for, right?  I wouldn't recommend this phone to anyone.

You should be aware that the phone requires a *Micro* SIM Card (SKU 72290), so you won't be able to transfer your old standard-sized card from your old phone to this one. The standard SIM card won't fit.Other than that, thanks largely in part to it's faster (duo-core) processor and extra memory, it's definitely an upgrade to my old Pantech Crossover.As for battery life, with normal usage, I've found it necessary to put mine on the charger at least every 24-36 hours. Leaving wi-fi turned on appears to cause the biggest drain.

superb phone for a low price. 1.5 Ghz processor, 1 GB RAM, ice cream sandwich and for a price of just 155 dollars unlocked.  Its a steal. Try getting a phone with such specs anywhere else and you're looking at well over 450 or even beyond 500. Even with 2 year contract you would get it much higher price than this. I spent hours on amazon hunting for a good deal on an android smartphone that's cheap yet powerful too. and this was the only one I ended up with.

The price was good and the phone performs great also the ability to update to ice cream sandwich was a bonus

I have owned this phone for about 8 months and I couldn't be happier. My phone was bought used, in like new condition, and unlocked. The camera is the one downside, it works great outside but is not real good in low light situations. The processor is fast and smooth and the display is bright and clear. The 4g works well with AT&T reseller services. I strongly advise against using this phone with AT&T as they do not allow access to 4g, yet allow resellers of their service to use 4g. Go figure. When installing apps make sure to switch them over to Internal Media Storage because they automatically install to system storage, RAM. The phone has 1gb of RAM but only about 800mb is available, while it has 16gb of system storage. As for battery life and charge times I was disappointed when I first received this phone. However, I went to an auction site and purchased a new Pantech battery and a new Pantech charger. The difference was amazing. My phone charges in less than 3 hours and holds a charge for twice as long as it originally did. I can't guarantee this will be the case for you but it really worked for me. Battery life in any smart phone is not great but at least now I can go all day on a charge. I believe some phones are shipped with old batteries or there was a bad batch. For anyone willing to root this phone it offers tremendous capabilities once you get rid of all the AT&T bloat ware. To summarize I paid $90 for the phone, battery and charger and it will compete with $300+ phones and win in many categories. After 8 months and a few drops this phone still works like new and offers a fast processor and lots of room for apps without going to an microSD card which is slower than internal storage. There are newer and faster phones now available but if you want a decent smartphone that has plenty of capability and lacks only in the camera area this is a very good choice.

The wifi start acting up by not connecting to my home or any other wifi a problem they forget to tell us once they updated your phone from gingerbread to ics this is de first problem u will face Bcuz my friend bought one also from the same seller an same Ting is happening to his phone now today wen starting up it just sticks at the at&t screen these phone has to be refurbish but the seller put new parts over them for they to be having all these problems so please stay far away from buying these phones the seller is ripping off people there is no way new brand phones can have so much problems

The Pantech burst was released by AT&T; probably close to a year ago  (2011 -12 maybe) and it boasts of a lot of features including the use as a mobile hot spot(pretty useful feature i have to say ) and a dual core processor usually found in 'higher end android phones ' during the time.The pro's include a beautiful 4 inch Amoled screen (best feature in the phone actually) and of course the ability to  upgrade to Android 4.0.4  aka 'Ice cream sandwich' (no jellybean update yet and i am not sure if it ever will be available for this legacy device).while the Cons (totally a deal breaker) would be the  unresponsive Capacitive buttons on the front of the device, they never to seem to respond to the first touch  and require repetitive pressing to even register the touch sometimes , give the tactile feedback.Secondly the battery life with 4g switched on isnt so great , barely lasts a day after being fully charged.Thirdly the camera has to be one of the worse one's ever fitted into a smartphone. The front camera is a joke and back camera isn't  good either.Thirdly the device as whole has a plastic feel and looks a bit cheap.Overall its a good buy if your looking for an android phone to use occasionally but def not recommended for usage as a primary phone.

I would have rated this phone a 5 if not for only one issue; it takes about 18hrs to charge complete every time the battery is dead. If you are thinking about buying this phone, you should consider buying one or two extra batteries pluse a cellphone battery charger so you can avoid beining tied down waiting 18hrs for your phone to finish charge. For those who cannot afford an Iphone 4 or samsung galaxy get a pantach they are just as good.

Unlocked for T-Mobile, and upgraded to ICS, this phone has worked flawlessly for me for 2 months. Faster and smoother than I expected, too. Plus, lots of storage for apps and pics/vids. The camera is a bit slow but that is really my only complaint.

Wow! This only costs a hundred dollars, and works better than most smart phones that I've ever seen in, and used, in me life. It runs videos like a boss. When I could use Netflix on this phone. It's a cheap phone, but a great product!

Worth the cost! Battery life is so-so as is expected with any smart phone. Great purchase.Would buy this phone again.
