
This phone is decent in design and the software is adequate. I don't know if I can blame the phone or not but I lose signal in MY OWN HOUSE quite frequently, at least once every other day for hours at a time. I "upgraded" to this phone back in the summer through Amazon, which provided me this phone at a $50 discount, and while I was impressed with the process, the product is disappointing. My old phone never had problems with signal and the frequency of the loss of signal leads me to believe there is a flaw somewhere in the phone or perhaps with the sim card sent by Amazon. Unfortunately this is one of two non-smart phones offered by AT&T. Until I can justify an outrageous data plan, I'll be stuck on the daily roller coaster of wondering if I have service.

The touch screen &#34;accept/dismiss&#34; buttons are WAY too sensitive.  I keep the phone in my purse and cannot reach in when it rings without it rejecting the caller.  Also, I can't block calls.  The screen often goes black.  This is extremely inconvenient when I have to &#34;touch 1 if....&#34; during a call when I've brought up the touch screen keyboard.  I can't keep it on.  I've tried to switch to the actual keyboard in these instances, but it just ends the call.  The battery life is very short; I have to charge it nightly.  It gets extremely hot sometimes when I've only talked a few minutes.  When I bought it at ATT (I had to pay full price, since my old phone stopped working and there was no fix for it) the saleswoman told me, &#34;Oh, these are so much better now than they used to be!&#34;  I should've listened with caution when she told me that.  It means that Pantech phones have had real issues in the past.  I am eligible for a new phone these days and will go back to a flip phone.  I don't need a touch screen.  I don't use all the bells and whistles.  I won't even donate this phone.

Recently I sold my iPhone back to AT&T; and replaced it with the Renue. The Renue is not a smart phone but I'm finding it does nearly everything I did with my iPhone, with the exception of a few apps.For someone who wants a phone for messaging and social media this is an excellent option. My data plan with AT&T; is even cheaper with this phone.I really love the opening screen. Pushing the top button gives you the time, a mute slide, phone, messaging, camera and voice buttons plus an unlock that takes you back to your last application. Once you unlock the phone there are 5 main screens you can slide through, each customizable. I like the option for creating and adding bookmarks here for easy access.The browser is fast and works better in limited internet situations than my iPhone did. I had opportunity to test this recently after an emergency in our county left our cell phone grid overwhelmed. My husband's iPhone flailed when the signal switched to the edge network but my Renue stayed calm and surfed on.With the Qwerty keyboard I am sending more texts than ever. I find the keys responsive and they have been easy to get used to. It is much easier for me than trying to text from an iPhone touchscreen.One drawback, however, is the way this phone handles group messages. That is a nightmare and I've not found a good workaround yet. I've added a memory card and maybe that will help keep my phone from locking up with incoming messages. ****UPDATE November 2013: There isn't a way to clear or update T9 dictionary. The only option is to reset and clear the entire phone.****I do not like the Facebook app from Facebook and much prefer the Facebook that is already installed. The Renue also comes with Twitter installed and that works extremely well. I've created a bookmark to Twitter DM pages and use that to quickly send messages to a few contacts with much less fuss than I got from the iPhone.Loading music and other files is very easy with the PC Suite software. Just plug in the USB and transfer files. Sound quality is good but there are only 7 levels. 1 is still fairly loud. There is an earphone jack and I think the sound quality is very good.The phone size and weight are something I'm very happy with; it simply feels good in my hand. I haven't gotten a case for it yet but the back battery cover is grippy and that is a feature I like. The slider is smooth. The screen resolution is not iPhone quality but the camera quality is just as good as my iPhone3 was.This phone is a great choice for people like me who primarily use their phone for talking, messaging, social media, and an mp3 player. The Renue would be a poor choice for people who use their phone to access multi-media content, video, flash and game.

Bought this for my wife. The call quality is so bad that I am buying her a Go Phone replacement. I got this free with a signed contract so I am locked into it for another year. She has had if for about 6 months. It works and has not broken. The pictures that it takes are just ok. the screen quality is bad. She has not had it run out of battery. She talks about 900 minutes a month and texts 200 times. I would not get this phone because of the bad call quality. It would only be good for a young kid that just texts.

Phone calls drop all the time in same areas where calls never dropped with my old LG slider phone. Even if the calls don't drop they cut in and out. The phone is too smart to be simple to use and to dumb to be of much use. Battery life is poor, no wifi. While on a call, be very careful not to touch the screen or even come close (you will end the call)Would not recommend to anyone.

the phone is very nice but a little complicated for my personal taste . but very mice size and the speaker is excelent for those a little hard of hearing

This phone was the worst one I have ever purchased. I bought it 6 months ago and the battery took a s***. It takes all day to charge the battery, and after taking it off the charger it was flashing the "low battery" sign at me. I bought insurance with the phone and they told me insurance can't do a thing about the battery. It is supposed to still be under warranty but that doesn't work either apparently. AT&T has the worst costumer service ever! They make you purchase a $180 dollar phone (keep in mind it isn't a smartphone), then they ripe you off with a $30 dollar 2 year contract fee. A $7 dollar a month insurance plan. And when your phone stops working they say they can't do anything about it. So after all that it paid for it comes out to be about $378 dollars when you add in a 24 months of insurance. $378 dollars when its not a smartphone is ridiculous! Then to cancel your cell phone contract they want $150 dollars for and early termination fee. I will never buy an AT&T phone ever again. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!  Buy a phone that will actually work.

I have had this phone for about a month now.I think it is a pretty good non smart phone.Great for texting and good for talking only problem I found with the Pantech renue isthe battery has to be charged at least once a day if your a heavy talker twice a day.It has some smart phone features like it has 4 screens a wonderful touch screen and a data plan for this phoneis only around 10 dollars monthly, over all Iam very pleased cause charging is not a big to me.

It's worth what you spend for your teens in school plus wi-fi . Also you can block data usage from the carrier.

We picked up this Pantech Renue as an upgraded phone through an AT&T; corporate store with a 2 year contract. We were aware this is not a smart phone and require no data plan. The phone was returned after one week and we were charge $35.00 for restocking fee. Following is reasons for the return:1. The biggest issue we have with this phone is its TOUCH end/reject key, I want to point out about the difference between TOUCH and PRESS: with a TOUCH key, you activate it by just slightly touch it with your finger or any part of your hand, while with the PRESS key, you have to press it with your finger and feel a slight click to activate it. With the TOUCH end/reject key of the Pantech Renue, my wife would accidentally touch the sensitive end/reject key trying to retrieve if from the pocket or handbag to answer the call. She would missed 8 out of 10 incoming calls doing that. Of course, she had to check the recent call and call back. Other phones equipped with the PRESS end/reject key would not cause this problem.2. Its sound quality for voice conversation is not that clear comparing to the my wife's old Motorola Raz2 V9X.3. We initially charged the phone for 8 hours before the first use. Battery ran low every night with very little use during the day.The shape, screen size and display of this phone is very good.We think Pantech should look into the design of the sensitive TOUCH end/reject key of this phone. We did call Pantech support inquiring about how to bypass the sensitive TOUCH end/reject key, its agent could not give the answer and quietly transferred our call to AT&T; Tech Support without notifying us that he would transfer the call. Nice service!Buyers who consider buying this phone should pay attention to the restocking fee if it is purchased through AT&T;.

Got this phone because it didn't require a data plan. Definitely knew this wasn't a smartphone, unlike one reviewer, and for sure knew this didn't have Wi-Fi, unlike another. This phone has camera, video camera, voice recording & MP3 playback functionality. It has alarms, a calendar, calculator & unit conversion, speed dial, pictures for contacts and more. It's pretty close to being a smartphone without requiring a data plan from AT&T.

If I had a choice this review would not even have a star. My mom got this phone two weeks ago the day she got it we had problems. Every time she would try to call out the phone would turn off. When she text the phone would turn off the ringer would randomly switch to vibrate or even a different song. Sometimes the thing would't even vibrate on the few times she did succeed in calling it would put who ever she was calling on hold and could call someone at random. So mom used her insurance and returned the phone AT&T sent her another Pantech renue we had all the same problems. Except now it would call people when she wasn't even touching the phone. She could be in the living room and her phone would be on the kitchen table and it would randomly call people. Also it wouldn't let her download her game. She purchased it and got a text message saying she had it. Yet when she got onto the game it said she never purchased it and needed to buy it to play. This phone is nothing but trouble and is a pain in the side.

I have owned several cell phones over the years and this is by far the worst. I don't write a lot of reviews, but in this case, I wanted to warn any prospective buyers about this phone so they don't make my mistake. I have owned this phone for almost a year - I got it when it was just being introduced - and it is a cute little non-smartphone. But the fact that it is cute does not make up for its deficiencies. First, the touch screen is so sensitive, I frequently hang up on callers, or reject the call unintentionally. Second, the processor is extremely slow. I send a text and cannot do anything else on the phone until I get the message that it sent successfully, which sometimes takes awhile. Third, the screen is bright, which is nice, but you pay for that in battery drainage big time. Fourth, it is way too easy to bump something on the screen and it automatically connects to the internet and even when you disconnect, you get charged by ATT. I think this is a scam by ATT because my son also has a different Pantech which does the same thing. So I don't get charged all the time, I have to turn off data services on the phone, but then if someone sends me a picture via text, I have to turn on the data services in order to see the picture, then remember to go back and turn off data services. Fifth, you can't increase/decrease the ring volume on the side of the phone unless you are on the home screen. It doesn't work from any other screen. Overall, this phone has annoyed me over and over again. I cannot wait until my six months are up and I can upgrade. Do not buy this phone; you will regret it. Even if it's free, don't be tempted - you will pay for it in endless frustration.

Bought this phone July of 13.. thankfully got insurance and warranty.. took about  a week before the service goes out for HOURS! Every day all times of the day. I have cell towers near  my home..Never hada service problem with any phone owned..missed work calls and family calls constantly..and it never tells me who did call when I get service  back. Constantly calling att for service checks  and tried a new SIM, tried cleanings..nothing worked..soo-it's going back!! Don't bother with this phone >:(

there are some ups and downs, and unfortunately you just cant get a very good phone anymore unless you want a Data plan :(This phone has some pretty crappy issues, The biggest isdsue is that the Text messaging memory has the capacity of a thimble, i really dont tect very much at all, but once or twice a week im forced to purge all of my messaging memory in order to keep getting messages, i seriously send like 3 messages a day and recieve slightly more than that. The second big issue is the major lag in doing everything, for instance when you send a message, or change a setting it will pop up with a confirmation image and the thing sits on the screen for like 5 seconds! i know it doesnt sound like a lot, but when you are trying to change a setting in a hurry, or send an urgent text it is just maddening!The camera on this thing is much worse than it is supposed to be, it doesnt even look as good as an old Samsung phone i still have in a drawer from 2004 that was one of the first camera phones, and im not kidding.Otherwise the touch screen if fairly responsive for a basic phone, the settings and options are decent, and there is a tiny amount of personalization to it that makes it just ok.Of the 2 AT&T; has right now, the other being the LG Expression, this is probably the better, my wife got the other and has had crazy battery issues, and though the personalization and ther &#34;processing&#34; speed is a bit better on the LG, the keys, touch screen, battery, and durability are better with the Pantech.I would have more appropriately given it a 2.5 stars, and was closer to 3 for a while but after having it for a couple months the little things have started to drive me batty.

Wanted to give zero stars but it wouldn't let me. I thought I was doing something to ease my footprint on the environment by purchasing this phone. Turns out I'm probably spending more through all the charging... This is by far the worst phone I've ever owned and I can't wait to get rid of it. The workmanship is shoddy, the phone gets hot if I talk more than 5 minutes, etc. etc. I was going to limp along for another year but can't do it... Don't buy this phone! And it adds insult to injury that I actually had to pay for it!

My middle schooler loves this phone.  It was delivered quickly in all original packaging.  Brought it to the ATT store and was able to get it switched over easily.

I traded a smart phone to go back to this type phone. I like it's size,manuvering,and the not bulky-big feel of the load in my hand or purse. Clear tone and works well for me.

My son had this phone for 6 weeks when the screen cracked for no apparent reason.  One morning he woke up, picked it up from his nightstand and there was a crack in the screen.  A week later the phone would power down each time the keyboard would slide out.  And to make it worse, AT&T; wants to replace it with a Go Phone (non-smart).  They should replace the phone free of charge regardless of warranty solely because they market the phone as being "resistant to dust and sand, temperature and humidity, shock, vibration, and radiation."  It is not the hardy phone AT&T; represents it to be.While the phone was working, however, it was perfect for my son who texts a lot.  The touch screen added a flare that made it feel like a smart phone without the costs.

It always calls people when in your pocket or purse. The solution? Add a pin number. BUT, even with the keys locked, and a Pin number required to access the keyboard, it can still call 911 while in your pocket or purse, but YOU can't hang up that call without first typing in your Pin number and waiting 3 seconds for the &#34;Unlocked&#34; message to go away. While you are on a call, with the keys locked, the phone can not only call 911, but it can also call people in your contact list. You can't make it hang up the new call without typing your Pin and waiting 3 seconds for &#34;unlocked&#34; to disappear. If you put the phone between your shoulder and ear, so that you can use your hands, it WILL call someone, and you will be lucky if it's not 911. 911 is available at a push of an on-touch-screen button, even if they keys are locked, and even if you require a pin number to access the keyboard. Overall, don't use the Pin number function--it makes the phone MUCH more trouble than it's worth. Tell your friends that if your phone butt dials them, to get over it, because you can't make your phone quit doing it without making your phone completely useless. After only 1 month, the bottom 3 buttons on my phone don't work, so if  I look at pics, I have to turn the phone off and back on again before I can use the camera or any other screen. If the PIN is activated, then I can't even access the phone without first turning it off and on again. At least with the PIN de-activated, I can access the phone or messages from the lock screen.

I got this phone almost a year ago. Its alright, but I think the best word to describe it would be sub standard. The keypad makes texting very easy and fast, because there is ample space between each key, and each key isn't too small. I note even for a non-smartphone, the battery life isn't great. I'm a high-school student who texts his fair share, has a job, and worse, a girlfriend :). The battery mostly lasts me through the day, but its almost completely drained by the time I sleep, if not bordering on "will turn off within the next few minutes"The phone also has some annoying connectivity issues. The internet function and layout is messy, and I lose reception more often than I like in certain places (school, the break area for my job, etc.). Its not AT&T;'s fault; my friends with iPhones and the same service have better luck than I do.The actual product is nice sized, smaller than an iPhone and it fits easily in a pair of jeans pockets. It has some bulk, thinker than smartphones, but I like that fine, because it gives the phone a sense of durability.The phone does support a SD card, but I find it pretty unnecessary because I don't keep a lot of videos and pictures. The reason for that is the camera is pretty bad, it only looks decent for close-up selfies (which I don't bother with), and there isn't a zoom feature. Videos look even worse, so I don't even touch that.Overall, this phone works. It calls, and texts, and thats all I really need. Don't expect anything special, but its decent at the standard stuff.

I was shocked to learn just now that this phone does not have WiFi! Be warned. When I ordered it via AT&T, they didn't inform me about this. I found out after 3 weeks of trying to connect my son's phone to my home AP, to no avail. I hope they'll let me exchange it.

There are specific features I'd gotten used to on my old LG and Samsung phones, and maybe I got  spoiled?  I can't block phone numbers (ie: I have a friend who FREQUENTLY dials me by accident by sitting on the phone so it helps to block him, and he can just leave a voicemail, right?) and you have to have SOME kind of data plan (per use) to receive picture and video messages.  I also can't forward texts.  These are things that were standard on my old phones, but do not appear to be options to even add on this phone.The touchscreen isn't as insanely sensitive as some suggest - in a month or so of use, I haven't hung up on anyone by touching the phone to my face during a call (though the touchscreen becomes active every few seconds during a call, so you can use the keypad, say, if you were listening to voicemail and wanted to use the menu options).  So, maybe it's possible, but not something I've had a problem with.  The aspects of the negative reviews here that I was worried about are not problems for me and I can't imagine them being a problem.  It's a decent little phone overall, especially if you're looking to skirt a mandatory data plan, but I do wish I'd known about the minor issues I mentioned here before buying, because I might've sought out a different phone from a maker I'm more experienced with so I could have the same expectations instead of finding these surprises.

Plain and simple, slipped on a rock, dropped my Pantech on a rock, opening the case slightly, bounced into the water, sank 3 feet for about a 1/2 minute until it could be retrieved. I could see the lit screen through the water, pulled it out turned it off, dried it off with my shirt. Turned it on a bit later and it works as if nothing has happened... Nice job Pantech!

I've had this phone for 4 months now, and I'm still pretty happy with it. I haven't had many issues with the touch-screen. I can check my email, traffic conditions, and Facebook. My only real gripe is the limited memory for text messages, and Youtube video is shown at it's lowest possible resolution.

Came in good condition. Easy enough for a school age child to use. It serves it's purpose for calling & texting.

have used cell phones for years - had Pantech Pursuit which was good - this is TERRIBLE!  CAN'T HEAR, KEYS TOO SMALL, HARD TO READ, CAN'T PERSONALIZE HOME PAGE.  DON'T BUY

Bought this phone for my 14 year old daughter as a replacement for her previous Pantech she beat into the ground.  This new shiny phone was what we thought would be perfect.  Unfortunately, the way it is set up even when she locks the phone it somehow dials 911 or 112 (alternate emergency number) when in her pocket or purse to the point that she now just shuts it off.  This, in effect, has rendered reaching her by text useless as she rarely turns it on for fear the emergency dispatch will hunt her down.  If you are one to keep your phone turned off when not dialing, it will work - - if not, find a different phone.

Love this phone. It works great. It is fun to use, easy to text with the slide out keypad. The touch screen feature is very nice. The only negative is the battery. It has to be charged almost every day.

Decent text/call only phone.  The processor speed seems slow when texting and viewing pictures.  Nothing like an IPhone but works.

I have been using cell phones since 2002.In my 12 years, 6 phones, I have not been as frustrated and disappointed in a phone before.  In fact I've enjoyed each of my phones in the past.. except this one.I consider it unusable even as a basic talk and texting phone.  Believe the negative reviews.- Very Poor call quality- Slow OS, Slow touch screen- Keyboard is difficult to use.  Buttons just feel stiff.- Difficult slide mechanism.. how is this even possible, well Pantech made it happen, amazing..The simplest of tasks is made un-enjoyable.  Stay away from this phone.  I've already replaced it and am much happier.  In the future I'll be sticking to Samsung, Apple, HTC, even Nokia.  No more Pantech.. I don't trust a company that would sell a phone like this.

I've had this phone for like a year and I would like to say this phone is very sturdy. I've dropped it face down so many times and no cracks but, I would recommend getting a screen protector. I also like the speed dial and emergency call but, you could easily call 911 on accident. I've missed so many calls by accidentally pressing ignore call when I try to pull it out of my pocket. I don't like the security on it either. The password can only be 4 digits long and you have to use numbers or else it will not be accepted. The app selection was horrible. Fun Screens and Bejeweled? These games were out dated! Also, why should I pay $50 at my AT&T store when I can just go on amazon and buy a nokia lumia 520 for the same price? And don't get me started on the horrible internet!

This phone is great because it doesn't require a data plan, yet it has a couple of features that make it like a smart phone such as Twitter and Facebook. It may not have all the bells and whistles of a regular smartphone but if you don't want a data plan, what do you expect? It's also a very unique phone due to it's square shape, and touch screen and keyboard combination.

I get less service in places than I did with my old samsung but lower service was mentioned in some reviews. The keypad is easy to use (i have small fingers) I'm not impressed with the calendar. Camera isn't top shelf but takes decent enough pictures for me. Over all I'm mostly happy with it.

Requested this phone, without data plan, to be used for simple text and telephone usage.The phone will NOT indicate missed calls, if you should receive one.  You can navigate to the "call log" and find out there if you have a missed call - very very bad.  I called Pantech, and their solution is also to navigate to the call log and see your missed calls.This single reason alone is why I am returning the phone.Should you still want to purchase this phone, the screen resolution is pretty weak.  I often accidentally "hang up" the phone when I retrieve it from my pocket.As a smart phone, this is the bottom of the barrel.The only plus I can think of is the slide out keyboard.

Probably the best or pretty close to the best non-smart phone out there! I love it. I would recommend it to anyone that doesn't want to pay for a smart phone.

Do yourself and your loved ones a favor and don't buy the Pantech Renue.  Yes it's looks cute and feels good in your hand and the company write up will tell you that the Renue is made from 67% recyclable and hazard-free materials with packaging made from post-consumer recycled paper and soluble ink. The phone is AT&T eco-rated, UL Environment certified, RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances) compliant, and comes with an Energy Star 2.0 charger and power saving app, along with eco-themed calendar reminders and alarms. YADA YADA YADA, very nice, let me get my guitar and we can all sing "The Battle Hymm of the Republic" Here's the very big problem I have with this phone. I am over 50 and I carry cell phones in the event of an emergency! I want to ability to have a reliable phone that I can use in the event of an accident or illness. The Pantech is not that phone, the reason being the battery will die in ONE day, that right, one day. I would charge it on Monday morning and by midday Tuesday the Pantech Renue was lifeless. A totally unreliable phone that looks cute. pass it buy, I am returning mine tomorrow.

Purchase for my wife as a transition form old flip phone to a more modern smart phone.  It is too small, and so is hard to handle.  She is ready to get a newer phone.

If you put your phone in your pocket, if you put your phone in your purse, if you plan to put your phone on a table or counter, don't buy this phone.  When you receive a phone call and touch the screen in any way, you will either hang up on the calling party or reject the call.  I carry my phone in my shirt pocket.  Just the motion of taking the phone out of my pocket will cause the "slider" that allows you to accept or reject the call to move.  If the slider moves to accept the call, the call will disconnect before you get the phone all the way out of your pocket.  If the slider moves to reject the call, you  will have to call the person back.  I'm not talking about pressing down on the screen and moving the slider.  I'm talking about the screen touching any part of your clothing or hand and the slider moving on it's own.  It does not require you to even touch the slider bar, just touch the phone and the phone thinks you are touching the slider.  If the phone is on the table and you pick it up, the slider will move on it's own.  I have talked to AT&T and even taken the phone to the local AT&T store and they are unable to resolve the problem.  My recommendation, avoid this phone at all costs unless you actually want to either hang up on the caller or reject all calls.  Next is the web access.  You have to use the Pantech version of ATT.net.  Items that were available on my old Samsung are not available on this phone.  You must use Yahoo which in itself is fine.  But you can't use Yahoo to access your homepage.  I had a Yahoo account.  I used the user name and password I already had but it would not work on this devise.  I had to sign on using my Google Gmail account.  When you use the web icon, you get a menu instead of your home page.  Then, when you select home, every third or fourth time you sign on, your home page is gone and you have to add all your favorites again.  You can't sort your bookmarks.  The default AT&T sites are always listed first.  You have to scroll through them before you can get to your personal bookmarks.  That even includes a search screen like Yahoo or Google.  So if you have the $15 unlimited data plan, don't buy this phone to use it.  You  will only get frustrated the more you try to use it.

This phone is good but the screen is the only problem even if you have a case this phone's screen crack but all the other features are great.

PANTECH RENUE...I have had this phone for over 3 months now and i got to say that i was kind of inpressed! I was expecting a normal slidder keyboard nonsmart phone but i was supprized on how much they could fit into a nonsmat phone. For startes its thin even when the keyborad is closed, there a five costonmisable home screens, and they managed to make the phone out of about 70% natural and recycled products! This phone is easy to stream throuhgh contacts, and web. Though the web on this phone is a little slow it is still reliable. The keys on the keypad work great and are very responsive. lf you are a teen and you dont want a smartphone and you love to text then this phone is for you! If you are someone that uses a phone for more buisness terms then maybe not so much. Personaly i think pantech did a great job in making this phone.I HOPE THIS HELPS YOU!! Good luck in finding a great phone.

This phone is an unbelievable piece of s***. My first one lasted 15 days and reset more than 20 times/day. Got insured for a second one, which was reliable at first and then the touch screen stopped working. Got insured for a third one and now I'm not able to send texts or calls. DO NOT BUY THIS OR TAKE EVEN IF IT WERE FREE.

I purchased this phone around Christmas time for my mother at my local corporate AT&T store. She is technologically hindered and thus did not want a data plan. I purchased it in the part of the store the sales people direct you to when you don't want a data plan. If you have recently tried to purchase a non-smart phone, then you know one's choice are very limited and the phones seem unreliable. From the beginning she has not adapted to the Renue (she had a Samsung Solstice). The location of the volume button means she is constantly unintentionally turning the ringer down and there are other quirky problems (touchscreen, poor battery life, etc.) with the phone. However, the finally straw is discovering that she cannot receive or send pics and group text messages without paying for data. When I purchased the phone it required a minimum text & pic plan which was already part of my plan, but no one said she also needed a data plan or she would have to pay per use if she used these features. Years ago I placed a data block on her phone because she was accidentally accessing the data & charges were incurred. This data block was not a problem on her Samsung. Researching the problem online, a thread indicated the Renue required a data plan. A sales associate at my local at&t store found the same online post but pointed out that the Renue is supposedly a data free phone. A call to tech support confirmed that a data plan or pay for use data is necessary if the user wants to send or receive pics and group texts.  By the time I discovered the problem, it was too late to return the phone. Needless to say, I'm frustrated and angry at the misinformation and misrepresentation of the Renue. If I had wanted to purchase a data phone, I would have purchased a reliable smart phone. While it is too late to help me, hopefully this review will help someone else who is thinking of purchasing the Renue.

this is a great phone!!! my daughter is a fluent texter and likes it. there is only one problem. it does not send pics even though it says it does. we haven`t got it checked yet so we don`t know if it is just the one we got or all of them. otherwise its a great phone!

So far i like this phone. it works well and the sound quality is pretty good.  I like the fact that when i put the phone to my ear the screen turns off and when i take it off it turns on.  I just wish i could adjust the screen touch sensitivity.

Got this for my son as a basic phone. He loves it. Battery stays charged forever. He has had no issues at all

Save yourself a headache and avoid Pantech like the plague. They claim to be the cutting edge of technology and in most instances they are; however, they simply refuse to update their PC Suite (this allows your PC to talk to your phone). If you have Windows 8 your phone is as useless; as is their empty gimmicks. They will give you a plethora of work-a-rounds. ATT to update your phone book, installing Windows 7 drivers, We have had success with Windows 8 machines in the past using this method, although it's not 100% compatible.Once I upgraded to Windows 8, Pantech cannot or will not update the software to make them compatible: it's been well over a year with no end in sight.

I had so much difficulty choosing on whether or not to buy this phone due to the mix of good and bad reviews it received. I couldn't get a smartphone so I decided I might as well get this as it looked like this best option. And I'm glad I made the choice to buy this. With power saver mode, the phone battery is pretty long. The touchscreen is great, and definitely a huge improvement in my old phone (pantech laser p9050). I haven't had a single problem with it and certainly not any of those issues that other reviews had. This may be just an all right phone for some people, and maybe I think it is so good because my old phone was bad, but if you need a non-smartphone, this is the one to buy.

I absolutely loved this phone. It's not a smartphone, which I actually really like about this phone. It's definitely nothing fancy but still has its charm.The only bad thing about this phone... it doesn't work. I've had it for a month and the battery has been garbage since day one. In the beginning, it would randomly turn off. So annoying. Now, it doesn't turn on AT ALL. I will charge it and it will tell me full battery. Right after I unplug it - won't work at all. Horrible. I really, really, REALLY loved this phone when it did work. AT&T; won't do anything about it and neither will Pantech. Amazon wouldn't let me return it after 30 days, so basically just a huge headache and waste of money. Bought an Htc One in the end and couldnt be happier.

I got this phone as a supposed "upgrade", but it was more of a "downgrade".  Very, very disappointed in this phone; it's not worth the aggravation.For starters, as others have already said, if you have the phone in your pocket or purse and you accidentally hit the wrong button, the call hangs up.  I can't tell you the number of times that this has happened to me, and I have had to call the person back.  For someone like myself, who is trying to start up my own business, it's very embarrassing to accidentally hang up on a potential client, and then to have to call them back to apologize.This phone is not always clear when you are speaking to someone on it.  I have found that sometimes if I am leaving someone a voice mail message using this phone, and I happen to be in my car while I am doing it, the sound quality is very poor.  It sounds like I'm underwater or something.  Other times, I have been told by the person on the other end of the line that I sound "echo-y", or "weird".  Again, not very impressive to a potential client.Sometimes, this phone does dumb things by itself for no apparent reason.  For instance, on several occasions, I have tried to make a phone call, and I get the message, "For emergency calls only".  Not sure why that happens, but when it does, I have found that the only way to correct it is to take the battery out, wait a few minutes, put the battery  back in, and then start the phone back up again.  That seems to correct the problem.  I got another strange message on this phone about a week or two back (can't recall what it was now), and I had to do the same thing as outlined above to correct the problem.This phone sometimes freezes up and does not do what you want it to do.  Just this past week, I was trying to leave someone a voice mail message, and my phone was not responding when I was hitting the number 1 key to send a voice mail message to someone.  I wound up having to send them a text message after two attempts, because I just didn't want to deal with it anymore.  There have been instances when sending a text message has been difficult, because the phone will freeze up.  Sometimes when you get a text message or voice mail message, I don't see an indicator telling me that it was received.  It's only when I touch the screen to get to my messages or voice mail that I notice that I messed a call or a text.The camera on this phone is very poor quality, and does not take very good pictures.  I could go on and on about what I dislike about this phone, but I think anybody reading this review will get the message.  This phone is a worthless piece of junk that has too many bugs in it (bugs that should have been resolved BEFORE this phone became available to the public).Bottom line, don't waste your time on this phone, it's not worth the aggravation or frustration that you will experience trying to use it.  I had a Samsung cell phone before, and compared to this piece of crap Pantech phone, it was wonderful.  I'm so sorry that I tried this phone; I just should have stuck with the phone I had before.  The Pantech is the WORST phone that I have ever had, and I do not recommend it to ANYONE.

Doesn't have all  the bells and whistles but then we did not want him to have them.  Only used it for calls and texting.

I recently purchased this Pantech phone  for my son, he really loves all of the features...this may be the next phone I purchase for myself.

Time to set the record straight. Good camera, responsive touchscreen, good keyboard.The complaints about reception, and battery are false. They are based on the signal strength bars and battery life bars. 1-3 bars on this phone does not mean the same thing on another phone.I have had good reception in the city or remote highways. Even at 1 bar I still have 3G data.Also for battery; battery lasted four days with frequent calls and texting and camera use. The confusion has to do with the meter. It has a 3 bar battery, after day one it dropped to two bars. The next day it dropped to one. By that point the average person would plug it in, but I waited to give it a chance. The next day it stayed at one bar, and on the fourth day it dropped to zero bars. I waited. I made a days worth of calls and texts and pictures. And by midnight it finally shut itself off. I think most people complaining about battery or signal just assume that those meters mean the same thing on all phones.The speakerphone is rough, almost useless. The micro SD card slot requires extra steps to remove. Remove battery panel, battery, then card. The camera is good, you should increase the quality as default setting is low. You can customize wallpaper, ring tones, text tones, change the default clock, it just takes some effort to find everything in the menus.When activated I did the Check For Updates, and downloaded the 4/2014 update. That is what I used for testing. Maybe the patch fixed some of the issues people had.Solid phone, best Quick Messaging Device/Feature Phone with no data plan.

This phone is great. I love it it works really well and you can find cute cases . It is hard to text a pic but you can do it. The key board works really well. Over all it is a great phone.

I was looking for a user friendly Talk & Text phone with "No Data Plan" required! The Pantech Renue fit the bill, so I bought two. So far, so good, and I'm happy with the features!

I got this phone because it didn't have a data plan. I didn't want one. I was trying to keep cell phone costs down. I got what I paid for! The phone is lousy. I am constantly losing calls just by reaching into my pocket or purse. The phone automatically hangs up on the caller. Others reviewing this phone have alluded to the "sensitivity" of the touchscreen. Even when I call for my messages, enter my PIN, and simply raise the phone to my cheek, it says I have dialed the wrong PIN because the touchscreen has picked up additional numbers simply by coming in contact with my cheek!! I have had more calls go into "on hold" mode for the same reason.  It seems crazy to me that my cheek can do the dialing!! Simple message: this phone is not good for anything, don't buy it.

This phone is amazing! I love it! I wanted a smartphone, but I didn't want to pay for a data plan. This is the closest thing to a smartphone though. It has nice features, and you can even lock it with a passcode just like the iPhone. The messaging display is great, although I wish it was a bit more customizable. But overall, I'm amazed. Great quick messaging phone. Definately for the kind of buyer that wants a smartphone but not a data plan.

This is basically like a smartphone. It has a big screen and a lock button like on an iPhone and tuchsensitive buttons at the bottom that you just slide your finger over too use. I like the slide to unlock screen where you just take the lock and drag it to the bubble in the middle let go and it opens. It is EXACTLY like an android. The only thing I didn't like was the battery life it was EXTREMELY short I don't know if it was just something wrong with my battery or what.

I don't typically do reviews, but decided this one is worth taking a few minutes. If you are like myself, and find paying for a data plan that you don't need or use, ridiculous - then this is the phone for you. It looks and acts, pretty much like a smartphone - with only a few missing points.To sum it up - here is a list of the things I like vs. the things I don't.I like:-being able to mass-delete messages (when you hit delete, checkboxes appear & you can select all, or only the ones you wish to delete.- when you text, there are two steps - you get to 'preview' the message before sending it. I like this because it keeps me from accidentally sending something before I'm ready - but this may be annoying for some people.-has a full, slide-out qwerty keyboard-all screens are fully customizable - you can change the 'wallpaper' for the lock screen, homescreens & even the menu background (though the menu background choices are a tad limited)-can customize your font - I know that's not a big deal, but I found it fun :)- if you miss/ignore a call, a box pops up offering you the option of calling back or sending a message to the caller (pretty handy if you want to let the person know you'll call them back when you can)-touchscreen is pretty responsive - just a tad slower than my smartphone was. Incidentally, I haven't had any trouble accidentally hanging up on  people because the send/receive touch-keys are too sensitive. I DO have to be careful when answering a call and removing the phone from my pocket - it WILL reject a call if I accidentally touch the reject touch-key. I've learned to adjust for this by simply making sure to grab my phone by the sides & have virtually eliminated that problem.-love being able to create my own shortcuts & customize my menu screen to act like a bookmark. I don't even use the homescreens, I just put everything I use most on the main menu screen and they're quickly accessed by hitting the menu shortcut on the main homescreen - simple.- easy to connect to your computer via the included usb cable/charger- LOVE the pc suite available for free from Pantech. Very easy to use - I transferred ringtones (which the standard ringtones were nice, I just wanted some of mine) & pics from my old phone with ease. I did have to manually enter my contacts (since I didn't want to bother going into an at&t; store) and that too was a breeze, using the pc suite - I just typed in the info on the computer and it saved it to my phone. Very nice feature, since typing them in with the phone keyboard would have been tedious at best.-the screen is large & bright with nicely designed icons.- calls are clear, sound-quality is great - seems better than my old phone, as does the volume - can easily hear it if I leave it lying about the house- love the fact that you can set 'profiles' for indoor/outdoor and at a touch can select which one you want & it will automatically change the volume/vibrate settings for calls & texts, to the selected profile- can assign individual ringtones to your contacts- it is an overall good size - not too big for my pocket, but large enough to be comfortable talking & texting.- SPECIAL NOTE: I have not had trouble with the battery life - it typically lasts me a couple of days before needing re-charged. I was curious due to other reviews on here & let it run without charging to see how long it would go. It lasted nearly 3 days with normal use (calls & texts). What I noticed, is that the battery icon has only 3 bars - when it gets down to one, you automatically assume that it needs charged - as my old smartphone would get down to a small bar & then turn red and I knew it was time to charge. This phone, stays at one bar for a quite a while, then the bar disappears rather than changing color, to let you know it needs charged. Weird, for those of us who have had smartphones, but that's what it does. Perhaps other reviewers have received faulty batteries?- the price was right, (a penny with contract) since my old phone had taken an unexpected bath, thanks to my six-year-old and hadn't been quite the same since, lol.- this isn't really about the phone, but rather the service via Amazon. I had no trouble renewing my contract and paid only a penny (the phone was listed for $50 upgrade, with contract on att.com) and amazingly - Amazon got it to me NEXT day - and that was with free shipping. Wow. A new sim-card was also included at no charge.What I don't really like:- no wi-fi- not a very large capacity for text messages - though I went a full week without having to delete messages, so it's not really a big issue for me. For a heavy text-er, this could be annoying though. At least deleting messages is simple and non-time consuming.- keys on the slide-out keyboard are on the slick-side, making it a little frustrating if you tend to type with your fingernails as I do (my old phone was tiny - an Hp veer, so I got used to typing that way). I am getting more accustomed though. :)- would have preferred actual send/receive buttons instead of the touch-buttons, but if you are careful as I mentioned above, it's not really an issue.- the screen is very smooth & shiny - shows every smudge (I am getting some screen protectors though, so that should help)- the build seems a bit on the flimsy-side to me - very light-weight, Hence I will be purchasing a case to add some durability.- not much variety in cases to choose from - just your standard clip-ons, so I am not very impressed with that.Overall, I rated this phone a five-star, not because I 'love it' - but because I do like it and I believe that as a basic phone, it's a winner. Very nice design & features. It's just so annoying that if you don't want to pay for data service, you have to go to a 'dumb' phone. Anyway, for a 'dumb'phone - this one's pretty smart :)

I was a little worried because of some of the reviews but I have to say that in the 2 weeks that I have had it I am very pleased.  Nice size, easy to understand and easy to text with.  I am not a heavy text/talker so the battery last at least 2 to 3 days.  I haven't disconnected a call yet, I keep it top side up in my purse and pull it out using the top half.  I could see any missed calls or text very quickly on the home screen.  Got a cover and extra charger for a really good price.  All and all I am very happy with this phone.

The phone has the SHORTEST battery life of any cell phone I have ever owned.  Needs to be charged daily or more often if actually used to make calls.  Oh but wait, can it make calls?  Weak reception with this device, have to go outside to use the phone while others with same carrier make calls inside the house.  Carrier tried several times to do a signal boost, didn't help.  Calls routinely go straight to voicemail because it didn't have enough signal to ring.  Have not had this problem with other phones from same carrier in the past.  Would NOT recommend to anyone for any reason.

I was a little concerned about buying this phone, since it seemed to have an equal amount of negative and positive reviews. But after having it for a couple of weeks, I'm pretty happy with my decision to buy it.Good alternative if you don't want a smartphone. After all, basic phones seem to be going the way of the dinosaur...extinct. So, the Renue is a good phone for handling the basics, talking and texting. It is possible to get on the internet and surf the mobile sites in 3G fairly well. For the random internet user, to maybe look up movie times or the weather, this phone is just fine. It's easy to use and has the versatility of a touchscreen and a slider. Plus, phone cases are dirt cheap and yes, you can buy one that still allows it to slide open.Negatively, it is easy to miss calls by touching the touchscreen while removing phone from your pocket. For me, this was easy to remedy by just turning the phone screen inward while in my pocket. That way, I always grab the backside of the phone while removing it.

I do not dislike anything - if you are looking for a simple phone with a few extra perks that is easy to use with good reception and last but not least - a keyboard and a touchscreen ; then you may want to consider this phone. no problems. I did have a Rugby II before this and it gave me a lot of problems. I recommend a case cover and a film protector as well; that is for any phone though. Thanks !

Ilove this Phone I have not had any trouble with it since I had it,it works great and I can leave my Pantech Renue anywhere and it will not call nobody unless I call them so I do not have a problem with mine and I would buy it again I absolutely love it and the only time I use the eject button if I see a call I don't want other than that it works great.I give it 5 stars.

This phone is hard to use.  It is hard to hold and keep slipping off my hand, and even it easy to slid off from my pocket.  Hard to type as well!  I just don't like this phone!!!!

I use my phone for just a phone so this little phone is perfect for me.  I get complimented on it size and uniqueness.
