
If you need wifi do not buy this phone the phone is not what you readthink it is and you lost all yourinformation when yogi change your Sim card.

In the description that is part of the heading, it states that the phone is WiFi.  Every time I did a search for a WiFi phone below $90 it popped up. I am not pleased because I really thought that it was a WiFi phone and I had to go looking through other websites to determine otherwise after I had the phone in my possession.

I've had a Pantech phone for over 4 years, and when it began dying, I ordered this newer Patech phone, hoping for as many years of enjoyable service as the first phone supplied. That was a mistake on my part. The new phone has a very different keyboard layout that I've found difficult to adjust to. When I traveled outside of my home area, the new phone lost and refused to lock back on to any service, simply shutting the phone off and back on solved the problem, but the problems didn't stop there. The phone seems to enjoy receiving and not sharing new text messages I receive, once again simply shutting the phone off and back on will resolve the problem, but seriously, I should get the messages by not having to outsmart the phone. Also a new glitch the phone has developed is that when the battery is running low, the screen will turn on and refuse to go off until the battery dies, not a feature anyone wants in a phone. After only 1 month of service with this phone, I would recommend passing up this phone for something better.

When I charged the phone overnight it shut off I haven't been able to turn it back on since and I tried everything so I didn't even get to use it.....

The phone appeared to be nice until used.  It would only hold a charge for about an hour.  We purchased multiple phones at the same time, returned all of them.

I have an at&t contract and my old phone just simply died on me. I didn't want to renew my contract so I bought this phone. I was nervous this it wouldn't work but it did. I haven't had a single problem since I've gotten the phone! I absolutely love it and it's an alternative to a smart phone :D

I purchased this phone 18 months ago as a replacement for my smart phone ( needs center around talk & text). The phone worked great, until ~2 weeks ago, when the touchscreen started to malfunction.  Now, I cannot select any icons on the touchscreen.  I am now in search of a used replacement to get me to the end of my contract.  Hopefully, this is the exception, and not the rule.

Unfortunately the return period is 30 days. The battery died and we now have another dead cell phone to add to the collection box.

We bought this for my son.  We didn't want a full-feature smartphone, but we did want a phone that would be easier for him to text compared to his old flip phone.  This has fit his needs nicely, and has more smart phone-like functionality than we expected.  Good value.

It's impossible to hear this in loud places (a crowd, the bus, on the side of the street).  I have many memories pressing it to my eat with the other ear covered, still barely hearing people.  The touchscreen is nice, until about 16 months into owning it I wasn't able to tap correctly.  If I taped in one spot, it would highlight a different area.  Of course I tried recalibrating it and resetting the phone many times, but it still has a awful sensor.  It's painful to have a full inbox, trying to delete a single message, and taking 10 minutes to respond to a friend.  For me to click "Unlock >  Messages > Inbox > message > delete > Yes" takes over 5 minutes and I highly regret buying this phone.  The internet worked well and texting was easy too when the touchscreen worked.  Another problem I experienced was delayed text messages and missed call notifications, when the phone had a reception.

very good phone and good value

Received the phone, but the screen wont stay on for longer than 1 or 2 seconds.  It's hard to believe that this is a new phone.*Update* After receiving a NEW phone from another vendor, I can say that THIS phone did not have the elements of a new phone.  In my opinion, this vendor did not send me a new phone.

I got this for my mother and she liked it for the first month, now it will not charge. She has tried the wall charging or even using the computer and it does not work. I regret buying this phone!

Junk on arrival.Phone seemed fine , Until the first time we tried to charge it. Phone just wouldn't charge.Yes i tried other phones on the charge cable supplied with this unit.Phone at least lasted a few minutes before it needed charged,seemed fine till then. Went to store and bought another battery just to make sure , yet still would not even recognize the charger.Avoid this seller and Phone.

I have this phone for a month.  So far it's been good.The phone is thin. Full charge with minimal use, will last max 2 days.I just wish the phone has the option to change the texting size a little bit bigger.

It's a nice phone.  I'm easing into smart phone technology.  I know, I'm slow.  The touchscreen and I don't always get along but that could be me.  For some reason my touch doesn't always register with screens no matter what I've used. I do like the qwerty keyboard.  I wish the number pad would show up on the screen when I'm on a call but sliding the keyboard out hasn't been a problem.  So far so good!

My teen loves this phone. She likes the full slide out keyboard. Nothing fancy about the phone but so far I have had no problems with it in the two months we've had it.

This phone is really not a good phone it just wasn't built well, and not easy to use.the call quality is very poor, the speaker is horrible. I  would not recommend this phone to ant one

I like the phone, but the battery that came with it was bad. Had to buy a new battery, a week after I brought the phone. Then the charger wouldn't work after a few weeks. So be prepared, to buy new stuff for it.

love phone what I like about it is the keyboard, bigger than most. most people don't like these old phones but I love mine

I have had this phone for a few months now. I have AT&T and it worked perfectly out of the box.  I had downgraded from an IPhone 4S. This phone is more than adequate for my needs...talking and texting.  It is not a smart phone..the touchscreen and camera aren't the greatest, but it is not a $600 phone.  The only critera I had was a QUERTY keyboard and threaded conversations, and this phone has both. The only issue I have had with it is that my contacts won't load in my car.  Other than that, bluetooth has worked just fine.  Do I miss my smartphone?  Yes.  Do I miss spending hundreds of dollars a year for data?  Nope.

Works great

my son loves it.he wanted a qwerty keyboard the touch screen was a added surprise. he loves it. thank you

This phone is a piece of junk. It was amazing the first two days, then I woke up one morning after my girlfriend texted me. I tried to reply to her, but my touch screen stopped working. I asked around and it happened to other people before. So, don't waste your time trying it out like me. Instead, look into buying the LG VU Plus for a little bit more money. So far, I am in love with that phone.

This phone was great for about one month. Then it started losing a signal. I was on the phone with my cell phone carrier constantly as they worked to resolve the issue. It wasn't them, it was the phone. Then after about 3 months of usage it wouldn't charge. It would show it was charging, but it wasn't. Tried to get it covered under warranty, but they claimed it had gotten wet as the white circle was pink. I know for a FACT it never got wet. I noticed the water contact indicator is right next to the speaker so basically water contact indicator is exposed to the atmosphere. Looks to me like the manufacturer did that on purpose to void warranty issues.  Looked all over the internet to find similar complaints. Bottom line, don't buy this phone.

This phone is good for people who can't afford a smart phone but still want something that looks modern.  The colors are great on it, and the keyboard works great and is easy to text on.  I've not had any problems with freezing or battery life or call quality with this phone.

Had it a month when it occassionally would freeze up - now (two months later) it's almost impossible to use.

This has been the only phone, I have had that, I like best so far. it is NOT a smart phone, as you may have noticed, but that's ok, because I don't believe in smart phones anyway and paying for them those outrageous prices, mostly because of the name APPLE on them. I guess I am old fashion. I believe phones were invented as a tool of convenience at first to be able to reach someone in case of emergency, yes, actually making a phone call!. Not tweeting, not for TV purposes, movies or internet purposes and then stock with them for at least two years under a contract. This one does, all I need the ability to make a call, and texting, which just recently I became acquainted with it, but NEVER while you driving!!. I mostly use texting when I'm not in the mood to talk at all, so comes in handy in that respect. and I paid only $80.00 for it!. so IF you're still out there my friend that may feel the same as I do, this is a great phone to have. good shape and good looking and good size.

The Pantech Laser telephone has a slide out keyboard that makes sending texts much easier.  My grandchildren now think I am &#34;uptown&#34;.

We needed a phone that was not WiFi capable for our son. He is ok with the capabilities of the phone. He is heavy handed so it works for him

we were very disappointed to learn (after all the research I thought I did into different phones) that even though it has the capability of downloading music, there is nowhere to attach an earbud to listen to it.  BUMMER!!!

I bought it for my mom because I wanted to give her something not so complicated. It is an excellent device.

Great phone

Had it before and it broke on my after dropping it on concrete, but decided to buy it again after a couple years and love it just as much as I did before.

The Pantech laser is a nice phone loved the slide out key board and the screen graphics the were outstanding. it was easy to operate problem is it didn't work with certain networks atleast not all the stuff this phone can do but I would buy another pantech someday with more research before I buy...

Easy to use phone, and ultra thin!  We got this because we wanted a QWERTY slide out keyboard, and this one had it.

I previously purchased this phone from att and I really loved it, had no problems. It was stolen from my home so I decided to repurchase it online. the phone worked fine for about 1 month. Now it will not hold a charge, and when I try to text from the keypad some letters do not work.

I got this phone for my mom, she has never had a touch screen phone and didn;t really need an iphone or android. It's great because she can text and actually see keyboard. The buttons are bigger than most other phones that I considered, makes it easy for typing.

The phone is average.Pros:-Many features and built in applications-Good music management-Keyboard-Bright screen-Threaded conversations (chat-style view)-MicroSD Card support-ThinCons:-Earpiece broke after about a year - sounds buzzy now-Resistive touch screen means you have to push a little harder-Unwanted shortcuts in landscape mode to internet end up costing you data when you accidentally hit them-Only 300 msg. stored

worked like original no functional problems. i would recommend this company and product. t hope to have for 3 more years.

It seems like it would be a nice little texting phone if it worked well.  Unfortunately, the unit we received from DAC Enterprises has not been able to hold a charge for more than a day of standby use and when plugged in acts like it will never charge.  We ordered a replacement battery, so hopefully that does the trick or we'll have to buy another phone.

i had difficulty getting the touchscreen to work. surfing the net was almost impossible. i had to re-charge the phone after 2 hrs because the battery life would die.  i do not recommend this phone.

This is my second purchase of this phone, has some fun features and overall works well. My only problem is lack of a headphone port.

Perfect for the teen on a budget.  This phone releaves my data plan worry for a teen that has in the past accidentally cost me dearly with a smart phone while satisfying his desire to text.

This phone was to replace the same phone my daughter already had but now it seems to be not sending correctly and dropping calls.  Not sure if it is a problem with the phone or our service.

It certainly does it's job as a texting phone... After using it for a while, I've encountered some issues...1. Touchscreen sensitivity as it is a resistive touch screen and not a capacitive one2. Message limit is low... (up to 300-400), so you'll have to delete messages to make room3. Audio is mediocre to poor, (speakerphone is bad)4.  No audio jack for music, so you'll have to resort to buying a specialized earphone set to listen or speakers... And remember, audio quality is bad5. To my experience (might just be a personal defect), symbols for texting can only be accessed via touchscreen. The &#34;Sym&#34; button isn't workingThe things it certainly does well1. Contact favorites menu2. Both onscreen and physical keyboard3. Threaded messages4. Touchscreen (Amoled display)5. Quick launch menu

Sound is not very loud.  It will not let you change your music into a ringtone.  Other than that it is a good looking phone, the touch screen works very good.

Very easy to use....love it...letters and numbers are so much better then my previous phone.the voice clarity is great,camera takes great pictures.

the phone works for what i need it for- receiving and making calls. cons- short battery life; turns off quickly when not in use;i still use it.

The look of the phone is great, slim and trim, however the feel of the phone is not so great.  Feels very flimsy.  In fact, we bought two phones, and one of them did not work coming right out of the box. Screen would go black after 10 - 30 seconds of use and had to remove and reinstall battery to get it to come back on.  Sent both back, not taking a chance on the other not working.

amazing my husband and I both have one and LOVE it! It has all the features and the look of a smartphone without the plan costs.

I was so pleased to have the help at the AT&T store. My phone of 3 years stopped working and I felt I needed to replace it but didn't really want to learn a new phone. The service rep. found the same phone online for me and I ordered it and he transferred my information too. I was so pleased, the same phone, 1/2 the price, and a new phone. What more could you ask..  Janice

Phone is very nice. The slide out Qwerty keyboard has letters/numbers that are very easy to read. The battery life is only about 4 hours.

It's not like the new and updated cell phones but it works so as not to have to be required to purchase internet access

This is a cool phone! The display is bright and crisp, and it is really thin!!! The lock screen unlocks VERY easily in your pocket, and that causes you to "butt-dial" or operate other functions in your pocket without you knowing it. Other than that it is a great phone

The phone was a good phone until it stopped charging after a month of usage. Seems to have a problem with the charging port.  Not sure if there is any warranty on the phone so I might have to spend more money and buy another one. Would not recommened this phone

I love that I could still find this phone with its QWERTY keyboard.  It's good for phone calls & texting and a few other basic things.  Even has internet access if you want that.  I WISH smartphones also offererd QWERTY keyboards!
