
this was a gift from my wife the cell and mobile  work good the blue toothand set up was fine the only thing that i found people need to knnow is that this cell phone tablet is for the europian market when i was setting up ran into some probes so i chat or call samsung USA they looked up by serial and model number they told me that it was not made for the US market so no warrenty or customer support so asfar as the factory warrenty you have none all the functions do work so i hope this tablet last becouse as soon as the tablet brakes your out of luck as far as repairs i have clocked the mobile inter net speed upto H+ that is 4g i think but not in all areaswith all that its a good tablet but a hi cost for the lack of warrenty3/8/2013 so far so good the tablet is working like new its been some months and the programe bluetooth and functions are working fine the after market pd10 cell tablet i had before this was broke  by 2 1/2 months so it looks like this one is a winner ps if any one is looking for the china made for sell on line cell phones must are junk and a wast of money i have toomany to tell lol stay away from them they will send and sell you the cheapes thing u can think of all have broken in weeks of ariving

I bought this since I needed a new phone but I also wanted a tablet. So I made a financial compromise to not go for the LG L9 (infect I wanted the Galaxy Note) and the Galaxy Tab 2 (wifi). Instead I bought this baby and I love it. picking up the phone takes a bit longer ( I mostly use my Bluetooth ear-peace when in public). But when I am at home or so, I use the speaker phone

Great price compared to the product.However, Samsung needs to set proxy as general settings, not only for the internet browser, so that at work Apps would work properly when internet access is required.

IS THE BEST ARTICLE IS THE FAST AND I RECOMMEND SAMSUNG GALAXY TAB 7.0 IS PERFECT FOR MY JOB S

This product is for my wife, so mi opinion is limited on what she sais about the tablet and little of my own user experience on this device.My wife is pleased with the 7" size of the tablet. The tablet worked perfectly and with no hassle with Venezuela's Digitel carrier on their HDSPA network; I had a Digitel BAM service with a nokia CS15 pendrive-like modem equiped with SIM card, then used this SIM card on the tablet. The service on this SIM card is only data, so no phone calls or text messages. I only inserted the SIM card and the tablet connected to the HDSPA network.The tablet worked as expected, except web browsing on some specialized sites where some characteristics of the web application simply does not work. But this is not a problem on the tablet, but the web navigation software available; must try more web clients to test that specific site.The tablet was easy to configure into Spanish on startup.IMPORTANT.This tablet does not support USB Mass Storage Device emulation, then it can't emulate a USB disk, USB memory card or USB pendrive, or whatever you call it. This is important because some computers does not recognize the tablet disk for easy copy of data. Other Android devices does support USB Mass Storage Device emulation, making it easy to copy data to/from the device on any of the computers I have access to but this Samsung tablet *doest not*.

All very well! Thank you very much. Excelent tablet!  100% recommended to all comunity of Amazon. The operation was performed as normal.

it is very clear and faster than other smart phone i was use. i recommend for every one should get one.

Very good and fast its 3g up very fast ... i love it. In love with her..I highly recommend.My family is very happy.

Grat tab arrived on time grat price 3G is great wifi terrificultra fast very clear very responsive phone is great 100% recomended. Thank you

I am using this as my main phone. I don't think I can go back to a regular phone. All I can say is wow!

The Samsung P3100 is a quality product that gives fast, dependable service for a reasonable price.  You get the bigger screen of a tablet with the ability to make and receive calls.  It was just what I was searching for.

Very good! Easy to use, and compatible with a lot of apps! and it's unlocked, i'm using it in Brasil

It'll take a regular-sized sim card. The package did not include headphones and a USB host adapter so you might want to order that along with this tablet. Its fast and works really smooth.  I don't really mind opening a video player to play imbedded videos so that thing about flash is a non-issue for me. You'd best order a case a screen protector along with it too.

Really, when I say this samsung is the &#34;best thing I ever had&#34; I mean it. And I have all the latest.

Buy this product considering the quality offeredI have several Samsung products and none failed me toUnfortunately with this tablet I have a faultI got it all works very well sealedMake calls over the first few days and all normalduring a call I began to hear strange noises but not taken into account until now calls me every 3 happensunfortunately buy this product for import into another country, I live in Ecuador and warranty purposes is complicatedI'll never buy so, save some money now I must take my tablet to service and pay the bill

This item is great, for me it's great for moving around, not having to goggle a phone and your other Samsung device, you can install your SIM card and make calls from your Samsung tab device using a blue tooth headphones. Good size to carry around and for women fits in your handbag.

excelente la compra de este equipo me gusto llego tal y cual como se esperaba lo recomiendo para futuras compras

I was order samsung galaxy  tab 2 P3100 unlcoked but they sent me samsung galaxy tab sch-800 verizon version its much deferent. And they still dont resolve the problem. Feel not confident to buy anymore.

I am not a very &#34;tablet&#34; guy, I bought this one after having a 10&#34; Acer tablet. I like this one just for the fact that is 3G and also being a 7&#34; is more easy to handle..I am very satisfied with it and its performance the only negative comment its that the flash is missing. For a almost 400$ tablet I believe it should has Flash.

Great tablet ..I buy this for my 15 yrs old son and with the 3g on it i can locate him every where he go using his GPS,...

This is a great size and fit into normal pocket. Unlocked version worked with my data sim card even and not setup difficutly. Worked right away even in South Africa.Great price and also to use the micro SDBattery life is very good as well.Will recommend as I a searched for hours and ended up with this tablet. I sold my iPad and not to compare but the price difference and to be able to expand the storage is a winner.

It was posted new but it was used. I hate it because i can't even used the phone i thought that the simcard slot is micro sim, but it was standard simcard slot. when i put my standard sim it can't go inside because there is a micro sd card block inside so this is used, i'm, wondering why they put a micro sd card into simcard slot why? very, very, dissapointed.

It Okay product but not as expected as the touch is not as smooth as my iphone , Its my first samsung device and I am not very happy after using it

I LOVE IT!!! TABLET + PHONE... I have like 3 months using it and its all good. Think im going for the 10&#34;!!

This tablet was purchased  through Amazon from FPS Trader.I already had the US version of the Tab 2 7" from Best Buy, but wanted the 3g radio for phone use. This tablet is GSM.The device came with version 4.0.3 of ICS and really made the interface much smoother.The US unit has an infrared beam for use as a TV remote,  the 3g one does not. The 3g tablet has a speaker at the top, when held in portrait mode, and a microphone at the bottom for phone use. The top(ear) speaker only works during a phone call. I prefer speaker phone, which it has, of course, but am looking to get a pen style bluetooth handset to clip in a front pocket, like the Samsung HM5000.I downloaded Dialer-ex from the Play Store and it works very well so far.On a risk, I bought the Netzero full size sim card and $50 unlimited talk/data card. Activation was done through their website with one issue- cannot send or receive pics through text. I still need to recheck some settings, but don't miss that funtion. The data seems pretty quick for 3g here in So California. Fits too tight in pockets for siting unless I'm wearing cargo pants, it's okay for standing/walking.I'm very happy with this tablet for what I use it for- writing, reading, web, email,  phone, text, some games. The slower processor is the weakest point for the most demanding games.

very good phone good features I love you recommend, is very comfortable for me has a good video quality buy it.

this tablet is amazing, is the best buy I could do, I highly recommend the store, and this tablet its fast and beauty...

This is the best thing I ever bought. I really love this. I highly recomend this product who want to take it to india and use it. This has SIM card facility which is very useful in region without wifi.Buy it without thinking. you will never be unsatisfied.Thanks Samsung,

The best device for Android, it does everything i figure out, it helps me a lot with my work, five stars from Venezuela

The only issue I had with this tab is that it has no flash... the rest met my expectations as offered

It is a good investment, support many good games. can be used for multipurpose.U can get all apps from Google play

i love it, 3G it comes in handy used it many times and most of all its unlock, now i can used it internationally.very good product.

Samsung galaxy tab 2 is a very useful tablet for all people, since kids to adult people. Android 4 offer a huge variety of applications (games, office, internet, news,etc). And dual core proccesor offers great multimedia performance.Also 3G option is great and useful for work, you can bring your data everywhere.I really recommend this device.

Great tablet, but samsung doesn't give update firmware to jelly bean. Works good only with sd card class 10, I recommend it absolutely.

Very nice, exceed all my expectations in everyway more than other, BUT, the GPS which i use often is very bad, my blackberry phone its much better, i am talking about a 100 meters of unnacuracy and is not fast enough to keep you on track if you are in a car. Made me lost on the streets a few times.

Excellent product, it is possible to place a small USB adapter, the screen resolution is very good. to edit some documents and bring a photo editor fun.

I bought this as a christmas present for my girlfriend. She kept asking for a laptop so naturally I had the task of finding something suitable. She primarily plays games so I had been looking at laptops with good processing speeds and good reviews but yet still within my budget. Needless to say, easier said than done. So after my budget had reached the $400 level, I finally sold her on the tablet angle. This tablet also seemed perfect since she was always deep in her phone and didnt have internet access at her apartment. So I thought it would be good if she could use her data plan with the tablet.When the tablet arrived, we were both lost and it seemed like a big let down (especially since this was both of our first experience with a tablet). After a few hours, however, we quickly learned how to use the built-in apps and add other apps. It was just awesome. I can't tell you how bad I wanted to keep it for myself. Her mother saw and it and now I have to order 2 more for her and her boyfriend. I want to order the 10.1 version but I don't think I'll use it enough to make that a practical purchase.This is our first tablet and my second Samsung device (innov8). Samsung has really impressed me and I probably would lean toward samsung on future phone and pc purchases.

I recently bought this tablet and worked very well. I used this tablet in Mexico with telcel cell phone company. I was able to surfing on internet, know my address with the GPS, all at high speed using a 3G connection without any problem. I recommend this tablet samsung for those living in Mexico, because the will be able to use without any problem with any sim card Telcel.I bought this tablet to BLUTEKUSA seller amazon.

Bien empacado, articulo nuevo, funciona perfecto. estoy feliz por mi compra. recomiendo hacer compras por este medio, son responsables y honestos.

excellent product use. to take one, excellent picture, the battery is durable and easy to carry, the size is good and suitable for the handling of the same

I bought as a birthday gift for my husband and he loves his tablet! He can do amazing things with it and just prefers it over any Aple (spelled wrong to avoid any trouble that I might would get in lol) product

I really love the concept of this fantastic machine. But the touch screen is very finicky, especially in Facebook and other websites. Also, some of the apps are not as self-explanatory as I would prefer.

todo perfecto ya me llego aca a venezuela y todo esta bien los felicito son exelentes vendedores, nos veremos muy pronto vpy a comprar otras cosas a ete mismo vendedor

I gave a friend here in Sierra Leone the money to buy me this particular tablet. She ordered it and posted to another friend in America who then posted it to me in Sierra Leone. It arrived safe, in good working condition and every other item arrived safe and good.I had yearned for a tablet for years and have been saving my hard earned cash for the best. Research on tablets/customers reviews made me to believe that the Samsung galaxy tab is the best. Indeed, I strongly believe it is the best. I love everything about it but very, very much disappointed with the battery life. I have read from reviews that once fully charge, it will serve at least 8 - 10 hours. This is not true for mine. After turning off all applications that I think can consume more power, yet my battery runs so fast, less than three hours, just doing simple things like typing, taking/watching photos, browsing. To me, this is a great disappointment and I regretted buying this tablet.

Its an excellent tablet, perfect size, ideal features. I love it! I recomend it. Its awsome for travel. Very easy to handle.

After being in the Apple camp since 2010, decided to venture out and try the Galaxy Tab 2 7.00 with 3G [unlocked] as its size makes it more portable. Purchased from Amazon in October 2012. Big mistake.I had read most all the reviews before buying, but some important facts were left out.Anyhow, aside from being pretty kludgy - slow on internet, temperamental touchscreen, LOUSY battery life..the worst part is that even with a 32G SD card installed you cannot download movies from Google Play onto the external storage, so at best, you can download maybe 1 movie to internal storage, and hope there is enough memory left so it can play.When I took a flight 2 weeks ago the movie just locked up the Tab [not enough memory].Tried to research this problem [no download onto ext SD], but no viable results were found. I had this same experience with an HP netbook running Linux about 5 years ago  ..absolutely no support...you're on your own with any problems. Just gave it away. Guess I will do the same with the Tab too.So Apple, your share price can recover now [weirdly enough the stock tanked the day my Tab arrived in October] ...I am back after wasting almost $450 with shipping and taxes on the Galaxy Tab.I think Samsung is mucking up its chances of competing with Apple on the tablet market by having too many models and no service.

I am really excited to have purchased my first tablet especially a Samsung product. I'm intrigued by new technology and the challenge of learning how to work with it. It takes some time but with patience and class time, I am figuring it out.

I like it. It works properly and runs well. The design is very nice. easy to surf in and to manage

September 8, 2013 (UPDATED REVIEW).First let me say that I own TWO of these tablets. One I let me sister-in-law use and one I use. Both are EXCEPTIONAL Tablets. The newest one that I received in August, 2013 came with Android Jelly Bean 4.1.2 and I am using that one now and very pleased with it. However, my first P3100 I have had almost a year now and it still has Ice Cream Sandwich. But I heard that 4.2.2 may be coming to this tablet soon (November 2013) so this is good news!- Archived Flash: I have installed Archived Adobe Flash and now can play flash videos including Amazon videos. If you need instructions, ask me in the comments.The fact that it has a built in phone and is 3g and 3g+ capable, I love this device and use it as BOTH A PHONE AND A TABLET. The size is PERFECT and easy to carry around in my bag or purse.This are my pros and cons on this DATA/PHONE TABLET Tab 2 7.0:Pros:1) Data capable (this works perfectly on my AT&T; and I get 3g and find the speed is very fast! Gets extra star for this.2) Phone capable (note that this device nor the P3113 Student one comes with a phone headset and does not come with headphones). I already had headphones for my Galaxy Note, so I use these for making phone calls with this device with no problems and the connection is strong, loud and very clear! Gets extra star for this.3) Easy to set up with STANDARD (regular full sized) SIM card. This device is unlocked and will work for 3g on AT&T; and 2g on T-Mobile and other GSMs. And I did not have to enter the ATM settings, it did this automatically when I started the setup, opened the data and I logged on to my Gmail, etc and then turned off data and then on to WiFi settings, etc. See next section for how to set up WiFi.4) WiFi setup (EASY): Here is how I set it up: I went into Settings, WiFi and turned the WiFi on. When it turned on, it showed my home WiFi router modem. I then selected this to connect and it asked me for the passcode (the router had it on it ). Then I typed in the passcode and my WiFi started right up with a excellent connection!5) Came with ICS 4.03 but so far there is no update to 4.04, but I am hoping in time there will be as Jellybean is coming out OTA in November. The ICS 4.03 runs very fast (more on this below).6) I use the KEYBOARD DOCK that came with my P3113 and USB adapter to transfer files from USB drive to device. The same accessories that came with P3113 (WiFi only) work great on this tablet as well...CONS:1) NO US Warranty for this International Version. However, since most devices fail within the first 30 days, I have found, so you can bring it back to the store as defective.2) No Adobe Flash installed (this is NOT the fault of Samsung, it is an Android problem). However, I found a workaround and installed Archived Adobe Flash and watch online videos all the time. Ask if you need more info on Archived Flash.Bottom line: Would I purchase this device all over again? Yes, in a heartbeat as I purchased it for the phone and data capabilities and have been very happy with this device. However, if you DO NOT NOT need data or phone in a tablet and have your favorite cellphone/smartphone you use then get the P3113 WiFi only version and save yourself $100 and also you will have a warranty.Thank you for reading this review and I hope that it has been helpful for you. Also, if you have questions or comments, please ask as I am a techie person.

Even though I have an iPad, I like my Samsung Galaxy Tab more than iPad. I don't have to depend on silly iTunes to put my songs and books on my tab. The best part is the built in phone. Though it turns heads when I answer a phone call.7 inch screen is good enough for reading books and watching videos. I use Kies(free download @ samsung.com) to move my stuff to the tab. On the tab I can either use file manger to browse books/music or I can directly use Adobe/Ploaris to open PDFs and music player to play my mp3s.When I try to copy mp4 videos to tab, Kies issues a warning that &#34;This video may not play&#34;, but after downloading to tab, it plays without any glitches.Camera on this tab is though not top notch but still works optimally and images though have some noise are still OK. If you want to use the tab as a dedicated camera, then you have simply bought a wrong device. Videos shot with this tab too are similarly of acceptable quality.I also use Fongo, a phone app for making phone (VOIP) calls on this tab and you can't tell the difference between using GSM phone or this app. The switch is seamless. It provides you an option of either choosing a default phone, built-in or the phone app, or you can choose before dialling which one you would like to use. For incoming calls, it automatically routes the call to either builtin phone or the Fongo app. I am almost thinking of getting rid of my GSM phone and just getting a data plan and use Fongo as may main phone. Just FYI Fongo is a great free app for making free phone calls to Canadian numbers in most major Canadian cities.Since now Samsung Galaxy Tab 3.0 has been announced, I am waiting eagerly for it. But till then, I'll enjoy my Galaxy Tab 2.

es el tama&ntilde;o adecuado para una tablet, el dise&ntilde;o es muy bueno y el tener 3G abierto es de lo mejor.

Traveled to Brazil and put a local carrier chip in it and was good to go.  Easy to set up and use.  The portuguese was a must.  Highly recommended

Gave it as a gift to an international traveler.  No complaints on his side, he is new to tablets.  I like that it uses a standard sim card.

great tablet great price it was shipping directly to my place at timethe next time i,ll be glad to use the same company

Size perfect funcionalitys greats the especification very nice nice nice nice good good good especification very nice nice nice nice good good good

This tablet is good buy for the beginners in your family, it has most of the programs you would need and as long you buy the extra memory card, you should be fine.

May be the product is secondhand or factory refurbished because the instruction booklet is composed copy and the packaging is in poor quality. It doesn't look very original. Otherwise it works.

I am merely here to say that I love this product; although Samsung U.S.A. provides absolutely no support for it whatsoever because it is a so-called &#34;International Cell Phone&#34; (not to mention the fact that it is &#34;unlocked&#34;).  So, buy this product with the understanding that Samsung U.S.A. will not provide any support whatsoever, because Samsung U.S.A. have some kind of hidden, secret agreement with the U.S. cell phone service providers (Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile et al.) not to help people with &#34;unlocked international phones.&#34;  It's not a conspiracy, it's just good old American crony Capitalism!

Your tablet didnot have capabilility for spanish (or any other occidental language other than english) , absolutely necessary for the recipient of it who only speaks spanish, you should advise of this handicap, before sellin it very disappointed.

If you wanna buy a tab, I definitely recommend this one. The size, the screen, the color, the capacity.. I can not complain.Definitivamente les recomiendo esta tabla. El tama&ntilde;o es perfecto, la pantalla, el color, la capacidad. Justo lo que quer&iacute;a para trabajar. No puedo quejarme para nada. La traje a Venezuela y funciona con mi sim de Movistar.

bougth one for my dad... he's just not a tech guy, but it work very well.. and hes learning.. so, hes happy.. and if he is happy.. im happy too!

Great item adn veru functional! I like to watch videos on it. Just one minor thing is its size, too big for my pocket and as a phone (so i plug in a headset).

Excellent tablet, with very good camera, nice screen, great processor, really fast, and beautiful design, I am from Venezuela, greetings

What I appreciated about it, was the fact that it's a user friendly tablet, being unlocked made it easy to use in Haiti. the person I bought it for took less then  a week to gets used to it, and she's not that much into tech stuff like I am.

First, I thought to buying an iPad mini but when i compare with this item, I realize that the apple product is just better in photo and video features. it's incredible to have a cell phone and a tablet and just one gadget. To increase the performance of this product i use it with motorola bluetooth headphones.

I works perfectly as a Phablet.  Instead of two items I carry only one the Samsung P3100 Note.  It's great.

Still has features I haven't learned to use yet. Very easy to use and advance enough to last. Very happy with this tablet phone. If you like not having to put on your glasses and using you earphone, this is the device for you. Well packaged and prompt delivery. Would recommend. :)

This type of tablet is the best.i have used before. Fast internet, portable etc This recent purchase i was buying a gift.My tablet made it on time. I didn't like how it was packaged, looked like used, it had a travel charger, there was no earphones, the setting of tablet itself would tell it was used, the screen touch was rough. No guarantee card or serial number bar code. I had previousy purchased from Samsung and it was all good. I warn all buyers who buying from this seller, if you do not wan't to be dissappointed.When i contacted the seller BLUTEKUSA, I was suprised to how they accepted my complain, even whn i asked them the details of tablet they accepted to refund me once i ship back. I m in remote location and DHL to deliver to me i spent 55$ and if they reship me a new one it would cost another 55$, i would go a loss of 110$ and im not guaranteed if it will be a brand new. I challenge everyone interested to buy from seller SAMSUNG as its guaranteed best quality.

Very disappointed with the Galaxy Tab 2 - it's slow and buggy. It crashes all the time. The software is a real nightmare. Better off spending a bit more on the iPad mini and that will be what I do next!

It has the perfect size for me, I use it as a reader, to see things on the Internet, to manage my emails, is a convenient device for its size, and versatility.

El dise&ntilde;o y desempe&ntilde;o de este art&iacute;culo es excelente, el tama&ntilde;o es perfecto para llevarlo a donde uno se traslade. Totalmente recomendado.

This is an excellent product, i fell so happy whit my samsung galaxy tab 2  7  3gI from Ecaudor  and the performance of my tab is  excellent

the product is exactely as described. you can use it either as a phone or like usual tablet. everything is working perfect

very good product, I like the simple way clro use and SIM entries and Micro SD are excellent, the network SIM works easily with the three lines used in the Wi-fi Venezuela have much range and observation I give is that should have an extra promotion only one free hand and micro SD for ours so that domestic or other work only excellent

What Can I say? It is Samsung Android Tablet... There's no way I could go wrong on this one, My Mom is happy with this product bought it for her BDay and it works perfectly... and the SIM Card Functions are great!

The samsung galaxy is as excellent as expected.  What I didn't realize is that I needed an Indian model specific sim card to use the 3G on my carrier.  Instead of being able to add it to my plan same day, I spent a day round and round with my carrier's store reps and tech support reps only to have to pay shipping for and wait a week for the sim card I needed.  I know, FWP, but a heads up would have been nice.

This device works perfectly without any problems but the only issue I have is that I cannot paire my bluetooth with it.Thank you

AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT.The only downside is NOT BRING FLASH. Easy to use, great apps and an excellent size to carry wherever you go.I recommend it

MUY BUEN EQUIPO. ESTA MUY BIEN CONSTRUIDO. RAPIDO . SE CONOCE LA CALIDAD DE SAMSUNG AL CONSTRUIRLOS. COMO SIEMPRE LA CALIDAD Y EL SOPORTE ANTE TODO

has met all my expectations. Recommended to read, play and work at a basic level of Office, the phone function is fulfilled smoothly and the battery has good durability. It is certainly one of the best Samsung products I've tried so far.

I love my  Samsung, i always wanted one, a bit pricey, but i  found one in  my budget and it operates well,the screenIs clear, the operating system is good and i would recommend this tablet and the seller.

The Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 GT-P3100 is a great "Phablet"!! I am not going to write another product review on this great "Phablet" since there are already great detail reviews made by other users.I just want to confirm some of the questions that people have asked regarding this product.1) Will this "Phablet" work with AT&T; and T-Mobile 3G data network?The good news is YES.I confirmed that this "Phablet" has inbuilt 1900Mhz HSPA/WCDMA band which works with AT&T; 3G band.Then how about T-Mobile?Lucky us in the USA, the answer is YES. T-Mobile has started a "refarm" project in 2011 on the 1900Mhz HSPA/WCDMA band under their towers(since they want a share of the iPhone customer), and the project is now 95%+ completed. And these towers are start operating since late 2012. And the coverage of the T-Moilbe 1900Mhz is now upto 14 metro cities and expanding. I am living in Oakland, CA and am using the T-Mobile $30.00 prepaid plan, 100min talk/unlimited text/5Gb data plan with this "Phablet" with no problem. In my area the T-Mobile 3G data speed is great and stable. Very happy with the service.2) No Adobe flash installed???This "Phablet" does support flash. But unfortunately, Adobe and Google has pulled away the Flash player app from the Play Store since 8/2012. So in order to install flash player on your device, you need to go to the Adobe site to download the .apk and install it. Just google "Archived Flash Player versions" download the .apk, install it and you are good for flash contains and games.3) No 5 GHz N band wifi???This "Phablet" does have dual band support which means it does support 5 GHz N band wifi, but sadly, due to the 5 GHz N band usage problem in Europe, so after ICS the 5 GHz band is disabled on the device by default. You can still re-activate it but this requires rooting of your device which I am not going to cover it here.So hopefully these Q&A; helps!Enjoy your great "Phablet" the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 GT-P3100!! :-)

IPad, Better than Nexus 7, better than anything that isn't at least 7 inch and doesn't work as a phone.Put a Straight Talk AT&T; SIM in it and it is a tablet so my daughter can fill out job applications online and a phone so she can get the calls to go to work. Also works as a Hotspot so she can get her laptop online when absolutly needed.

It is amazing. A lot of my friends are asking me to buy it for them.It is a good piece of technology. It would be better if it came with accessories like headphones.

If I had a dollar for everytime I've been asked &#34;Is that your phone?&#34;Yes, it is my phone.  It is also my alarm clock, calculator, ebook reader, camera, email, gps, mp3 player, video player, portable harddrive, etc, etc.As a phone it is big.  My reality is that I stopped holding a telephone handset up to my ear about 10 years ago- I'm either on speaker, on BT headset, or BT in the car.  That being said I probably use my phone as a phone less than 10% of its total average daily usage.  The other 90% is surfing, emailing, texting, e-book and e-magazine reading.  For that 90% the 7 inch display is absolutely worth it.I'm about the average sized guy, 5'10&#34;, 185 pounds.  I wear a 42 jacket, and 32x34 jeans.  The galaxy tab fits in the back pocket of my jeans, it fits in the front pocket or cargo pocket on my cargo pants.  I have to take it out of my pocket when I sit down- I had to take my htc, droid, g2, and galaxy S out of my pocket too- no change.  It fits in an inside pocket of a sport coat, blazer, or suit.  I think it actually fits better than the handset sized phones because it fills the pocket rather than settling to the bottom and sliding back and forth.It is not 4G.  That is a good thing- unless you have totally and truly unlimited data.  When I used a phone with 4G I tended to use up the first 5GB in about 10 days.  My carrier then throttles my bandwidth to what seemed like 2g speeds- it was terrible.  With 3G being my cap, it limits the amount of things I try to do that are bandwidth consumptive.  I use about 5GB a month at 3G speed without getting throttled.It is a GSM phone, that means you have to use a GSM carriers SIM card.  I have never had a problem with my carrier having a problem with me using a device that I didn't buy from them.  The carriers name doesn't start with an A.  I had the A carrier before, they were always a problem using now carrier provided devices.  I don't know if that has changed, but Im not willing to go back to them.  Prepaid SIMS are no problem- they all are just re-sold airtime from the two US GSM carriersThe main reason you would buy this device over one from a us mobile carrier is that it does have voice-calls enabled.  The devices you buy from the US vendors have this one single App blocked out.  I believe this is to get you to carry around two devices with two data plans and yes- collect more money.  I believe that the 7 inch platform is the most all around useful.  I believe that if the US mobile carriers would sell voice-call enabled 7 inch tablets they would become much more common.Yes, I am that guy with a huge &#34;phone&#34;  I appreciate having a tablet that is not dependant on wifi.  In fact I probably would not enjoyt a 7in tablet without mobile network.  I appreciate that that I can actually make or take the occasional phone call with my tablet- for everything else that there is an App for I want the most screen real-estate that I can fit in my pocket.  As compared to an IPad mini- the shape is also right.  The IPad mini is wider (5.3 in x 7.87 in) which means it doesnt fit in my pocket.  Reading books on the mini is odd due to this screen shape as well.  The Tab at 4.8 in x 7.6 in, like the Kindle and the Nook is the right shape, familiar and comfortable, like an old paperback.

Excellent!!! Punctual delivery and met all expectations regarding the device. Keep it up!! Looking forward on buy more of these in the future

Its a Good product , specially the phone features, i was using Apple from last 4 years , only think i don't like about android is they have many featured then apple but android hand many times but in past 4 years i don't remember when my IOS hand !!but if you want to have the Tab with Ph , this is the one and only option you have .and not a bad bite...

i consider this a good buy for me, fair price... have had it for a couple of months now and have the sense i still haven't used it at its full potential. i use it to surf, check mail, weather, alerts, gps and other little applications... i'm satisfied with it... could use it as cell (does work) or use the 3g for data. I think it may be a little small for movies loaded with special effects, or for constantly surf the web, or read an ebook for more than a couple of hours, ...but for what I use it, it is excellent for me, works smoothly, fast, clear, never acts up, very practical to carry around, battery lasts for about 10hrs for me... got the pencil to click around as i noticed i would fat-finger a lot, and that made it much easier.

I bought the factory unlocked one (latinoamerica version) and so far is working great, it took the sim card without a problem, and my sister is loving her tablet.Recomended, as a samsung product it is worthy

I really like this p3100.  I love the big screen and don't have to hurt my eyes to see what's on it.  My daughter loves the games that she can play on this.  It can do lots of things like surfing the internet, reading books online, playing games, etc.  It fell on the tiles and still works.  I was amazed.  It was really worth it.  I love it!

the tablet had not a spanish lenguage Only English and Asian lenguage.Very very batmorethe adapter for AC american power is very big no practice

This was a present for my brother in law- He loves it, and is enjoying it all the way in Africa.

I s like soo much, but need practice and more time, and some accesories. The rest all good aa thank for all

it is an excellent communication and tablet device and i have win more electronically and online experience with using it

I love there tablet and there couldn't be a better one for me.You can hold it with one hand cause it is really light, but also it has a screen which is big enought to read books, watch tv shows, write e-mails and so on. I will never miss it, its my baby!
