
I was skeptical about buying the unlock iPhone 3GS from Amazon after seeing the bad reviews, but I checked with the seller and went ahead and purchased it after he confirmed it. I gotta say, I'm very happy with this purchase. It wasn't hard to set up the sim's card into the device. It came in the mail like it was brand new with the original packaging and everything. I love texting and calling my friends and family with it. I have experienced the white screen of death, but I restarted it without a second thought and everything has been fine ever since. I haven't really experience any serious heating problems and I've played some high capacity games on it while being plugged in. It does get rather warm in the hands, but it wasn't enough to be uncomfortable for me. The main reason why I got this phone was because I wanted an easier and more convenient way to call and text my friends and family. The phone I had before was a flip phone without a proper keyboard. This does what I want and so much more. For $115, I got a really good deal and I'm happy to say that I'll be using this until my dad stops paying for the contract or it does die out on me. Just to let those who have flip phones know, the iPhone 3GS can PREVENT data being used when you're not on that plan. The flip phone that I had would take me onto the web without warning me first and that caused my phone to be charged a few extra dollars for just a few seconds of being on the internet. At least now, I don't have to worry about those slippages because I can only use data when i'm  using wi-fi.I don't really have any complaints for this phone because it's more then what I want in an phone, but as an Apple product, I have to say that the screen really takes a miss. I'm so spoiled by Retina Display on my iPod Touch 5g, that it bugs me when everything is in low resolution. When comparing watching videos or pictures, it's just ain't the same. It's good when I'm bored at college, but for casual use, it's not that great from today's standards.It's a little bulky, but I kind of like it that way. It gives it a feel to it and it doesn't slip out of my hands unlike the new iPod Touch.Seeing that I got the white screen of death on the second day scared me. I'm hoping that wasn't the reason why the seller sold it to me.Summery:Pros:Great for a phone and great for texting.Has great cellular connection.Satisfying battery life.Can handle playing games without taking too much heat.Can prevent using data on cellular network unlike my old flip phone.Cons:Poor screen quality compared to today's standard for Apple products.Sort of bulky, but having some weight is a pro for me.White screen of death on the second day of using it.

they say factory unlock but it was not unlock and charger also not working.i spen $79 for unlock and charger

the item was not had been as described, they said in good condition but when i received it has a big scratch at the back and has small crack at the charger port.

great phone, arrived ontime and as promised. it was just what i needed to travel. accepted the sim and i was able to change sims when i changed countries.

Please guys NEVER  buy from this saler  I was very disappointed when I bought a new iPhone 3 gs from , got some problem and Square Trade told me that it was a refurbished one, it was not new. I will never , never and ever get anything from him again

I bought this cell phone to make a gift to my son, when I received it I realized that doesn't work: the battery is bulky, the screen is damaged, the charging cable is not the original, the start button doesn't work , where you put the sim card the iPhone don't recognized. Additionally, reasoned that the battery is bulky, all the base card Cell Phone (circuitry) is damaged. Finally, the product was a total fiasco. I wonder what the seller can do with this case, since the product was paid as New and that was not what I received.

I am very disappointed in this cellphone. It does not have the features I was looking for.Is there anyway to return this iphone??

Brand new and performs efficiently, it is as said, factory unlocked allows me to use it in my region without any complications at all

This was an AT&T; phone with cheap accessories; Apple was spelled as Abble suggesting Middle East as the origin. It was defective; had signal problems, messages didn't go through. However, the seller (24.Hour.Shipping) was nice and issued a refund including return shipping. Thanks.Please, do NOT buy cell phones on the internet!

I ordered this used iphone for my son instead of buying him a ipod. The price was better than that of a new ipod and he can use it on his cell phone plan. The phone came unlocked and as described. He is very happy with it.

Well, the camera appeared to be broken and the phone itself is kinda slow. Not satisfied at all. Need to order another phone now.

Complete waste of money. Never worked right, constant freeze and lockout. Answering a call was too much for this phone to handle.

This was gift, and I needed an older phone for T-mobile. As the person in question does not have a data plan, he turned off cellular\Data on the phone put in his SIM, and it worked like a champ

The iphone ran well the first month. Suddenly it didnt turn on anymore and I went to an Apple store to check what the problem is. They told me that all internal equipment is old and prepared to stop working after some weeks. I bought it as a new phone but now there is no way to repair it, only by changing all its interior. Sent a message to supplier for return the equipment but didnt hear any word back.

The phone looks good but cannot tell how it's work because the phone came with little charge and the charger came with it is not working......really disappointed.

Phone stopped working after 1 month. Couldn't make or receive calls 80% of the time. Had to eventually change phone

I like this phone very much! It meets all my needs, taking picture, surfing the net, knowing the weather and downloading some interesting software. The price is also very good! The reason I did not give a five star is not because of this phone but because of the seller's service. Although they have returning policy but with some condition, for example you have to pay some money for that. I bought a iphone 3 before this one from this same seller. I didn't know I could not purchase software from apple store with iphone 3 until i received it. But if I returned it, i had to pay the mail fees and the about 15% (?) of the price to the seller. Anyway, if the seller could better the service, it will be perfect.

The phone has zero battery life. As soon as it is unplugged from the power socket the battery runs down.

I purchased this phone from FC Digital it was not factory unlocked as described!! It is locked to AT&T network, I am very dissatisfied that they falsely advertised the phone as being factory unlocked & it was not !!! I gave them an awesome rating before I found out it wasn't unlocked very disappointed!! Be ware of FC Digital don't let their star rating fool you!!

The Apple iPhone i purchased had a couple of scratches but nothing really to take notice, otherwise very nice product. I was able to use my Sim card and use my cellular service, once i put it in slot.

The phone was delivered on time and worked exactly as described in the reviews.  The 3GS operated on a SIM card that was refillable on TMobile.

I have purchased new i phone 3gs from this wireless provider as a gift to my friend and latter realised its not working.The worst part even if you report this the wireless provider would n't care for replacing the device or refunding your money.Shows 100% functional on the web site --its a lie.

Do NOT get this phone!  It drops calls constantly.  When you end a call it always searches for service and takes several minutes to reconnect to service.Worst customer service by a company that I have experienced. Doesn't listen to your question and is rude when replying to requests.

very fine product, its works perfectly, is exactly were i spected good conditions very weel nice deal thanks you at all butthe battery was damage in the trip

Just as you said it was! Phone is great. No issues, no scratches! Everything is Perfecto! Bueno! And the added plus for me was it was shipped from Vegas!!! MY HOMETOWN...so there you go. Great seller. Showed up next day in Hilton Head Island SC. Thanks for the honesty!!! Iphone 3GS 16g

The iphone 3GS met all my expectations and went beyond.  I was concerned about performance after upgrading it to the latest version of IOS, but I went ahead to do it anyway.  It has performed well ever since.

Everything seems top knotch now! I'll refer you to a friend who is looking for the same phone. Thanks for your help in getting things working!

I had heard so much negative comments about this phone. I asked if Whatsapp works on it, and one said nothing about this phone works.  Well, I am here to say I found nothing wrong with this 3GS iPhone. It works perfectly and I'm loading apps like I dont care!!!! Good phone!

i observed it for a couple of weeks and i found out that every time i have a incoming calls and out going calls the phone is turning off and even the battery icon still in high percentage. i don't know what's wrong with this phone. can i return it and check what's the problem?

Very happy with iPhone3GS. Phone was as described.  Works perfectly with Consumer Cellular.  Very satisfied customer and would recommend vendor and product to anyone.

A very well made smart phone. Easy to use. Although an older version (iPhones are now version 5), the manufacturer provides software updates.

Got it for Christmas early! So glad it came in.The phone is just as described and it's great :)

Thank you for your HONEST service (TD) it was great....the iPhone 3Gs 16GB  works great with my b Mobile SIM card (in Trinidad) it is factory unlocked not jail broken just as they said because i don't see a CEDIA  icon, the box came sealed, the word iPhone etc at the back  of the iPhone itself (is not in gray like the 3G) its written in silver to the back so you know its a 3Gs.  I was scared at first since it was an online purchase but things turnout to be just as they said it will be.

My daughter saved her money all year long to by her own iphone, and when we got it it wouldn't even power on.  The battery wouldn't charge.  We sent the phone back and they replaced the battery and we thought we were in good shape.  Now the ringer switch is causing the phone to vibrate constantly, the speaker doesn't work anymore, and the headphones keep cutting out.  We contacted them just over 30 days and now we're stuck with this POS!!!

I bought this iPhone 3gs for my son only work for 4 months then was shutting off when had 60% of battery i talk to couple friends told me it was something i the ios software because battery was showing 60% but i found an apple community website saying they replaced the battery an work ok . I did replaced the battery my self an found inside the iPhone was missing screws an the clip to hold the camera in place . its not good because you are paying for new iPhone an i got a used repair phone has been 1 week after i replaced the battery seems to be working ok but i don't recommend this seller to any body save your self a headed.

As for the phone and seller it was great. Phone was new and no hassle. If I knew what jailbroke meant I would of looked for one that has been. I can't download any apps or do anything other then make calls, pictures and music. I can get online bit it won't hold any apps because Apple doesn't update the iPhone 3 anymore and it complete crap. I haven't been able to jailbreak it yet.

It does what they say it'll do. Had a little trouble getting the web to work with Straight Talk but finally a relative who knows a lot more about this stuff than me got it working.

The phone looks new but the usb port is damaged, it must be repaired equipment and sell them as new. & the accessories are not original.

Great phone and it works amazing for the trips and for everything I have needed it everything it said on offer was true and again it works amazing!!

This phone it was supposed to be brand new and when I receive it I realize the the phone was used the screen was replace and the phone charger had water damage sings so I'm not happy

When I got this phone it was locked, so it was no fun trying to make it work after hrs at the AT&T store

The phone works great. Just like advertised. No issues with installing apps, setting it up. We use it for straight talk.

bought this phone for my husband.  Works fine for talk, texting and music.  Has had some trouble with the volume going up on it own when listing to music, but for the most part, good phone for the money.

awesome product. my daughter loved it and opened it right away. she couldnt wait til xmas. thank you. she's in mexico

Phone works well with T-Mobile.The battery life is not all that great, but over all this is a terrific phone. I would highly recommend it to anyone constantly on the go.

I had purchased this as a replacement for a 3gs phone that I apparently used as a basketball too often. I had to return it because several features did not work. I subsequently ordered a 4s, an upgrade at a similar price which works fine.

Very good product. Worked perfectly with straight talk sim card. I would recomend it to anyone looking for a cheap Iphone.

Unusable, cellphone always gets a terrible reception, even on areas where everyone else has perfect signal. i'm not satisfy with the product.

Phone shuts on and off on its own. phone also shows no service for hours and does not function properly

I bought one it works only one and have month then the mic does not work . I went to apple store they told me it out of guaranty it sold from apple since 2010 so I just loss my money

I bought it as a gift for my Mother. The only good ting from this seller is fast shipping. That is it!I don't check the quality first because I think it is new, and more than that I trust the seller.However, the problems of this products are:bad battery: every 15 minutes, the phone is too hot for user to use.Most of the parts of the phone were changed by something else ( it means they use old stuff to replace new stuff, more than that the earphone looks like new one was useless).I pay $220 for nothing,, My mom is in Vietnam,, Now when I receive the phone it has been over 30 days to return for full refund. so what can I do with it?

The phone is good but the back dude is lije a rumble against the floor but the phone work perfect an the unloked is real

Item Not working. This is my first time trying to get an affordable phone for me to get around  in my mobility cart and no luck so far,Thank You

Icheaprepair packed very nicely the used iphone which seems to work more than fine. I belive it is ,as advertised, factory unlocked , but couldn't check it with other operators. It came with a silicone shell , and the wall charger. Not headphones but no pb as it is an used phone. I highly recommend them. Many thanks.

The item arrived on time, it's battery would not accep a charge at first, after leaving it plugged for several hours it finally took a charge, but once fully charged the charge would not last more than a couple hours, had to replace the battery, it works fine now.

I purchased this used and the phone arrived on time . It was unlocked and works well. There were some scratches to the back of the phone but it didn't matter to me, nothing a case or phone skin couldn't solve.

The Iphone 3 I bought had a broken antenna and only receives calls/text messages while in a WiFi area.  I would like return it to get my money back!

The phone has many glitches, including but not limited to:Shutter on camera that will not openCamera does not take and capture photosWiFi does not recognized any familiar networksBattery extremely weak, charge runs out within 3 hours with occasional usageOther than that the phone is great for email,web browsing, Facebook, etc.

I love this phone. The only thing I don't like is the battery doesn't seem to stay charged as long as my last one.

After reading the reviews I was doubting buying this phone because of the made in china software (supposedly by some reviews ). I live in Costa Rica and gave my parents the go ahead to order it....once they received it they had to ship it to me here....(4 weeks later my phone arrived ) It arrived in excellent condition , UNLOCKED FROM THE FACTORY READY TO GO. I made phone calls right alway...Later that  night I decided to log into the Apple APP store......OH NO ....it was what the reviews said, it was all in Chinese...after a few minutes I decided to try and log in with my Apple ID ....that's when it told me that that apple ID is for the UNITED STATES and not china ....But it told me it will rout me to the UNITED STATES Apple store automatically. Sure enough it routed me just fine and it all changed to English ....That was a week ago and the phone works perfect...MY ADVICE, IF YOU DO NOT HAVE AN APPLE ID OR WANT A NEW ONE. LOG ONTO A COMPUTER OR A FRIENDS SMART PHONE AND CREAT ONE THERE FIRST. THEN LOG IN WITH YOUR NEW PHONE AND IT SHOULD NOT BE ANY PROBLEM  . PURA VIDA .......summer time here in Costa Rica ...:-)

I am very satisfied with this phone. It was cheap and is the earliest iPhone model that can update to iOS 6. I bought it for a family member who is not very technology savvy and it was easy to teach him how to use it. It has all the functions of a smart phone without becoming too fancy or complicated. He was able to use a T-Mobile sim card on this phone with no problems.

Love it love it !!! It is exactly what was advertised that I receive at the allotted time I was promised... Took it to AT&T store the transferred all my info except my music to my brand new iPhone 3GS  I told all my friends to go to amazon for all their needs*******

The phone meets all my requirements and more.Was easy to set up with my Carrier ( AT&T;)Lightning fast

well i bought this phone online because it was unlocked and i was going out to europe and as soon as i landed in spain i had to waste 50 euros replacing the battery since the phone would shut down if the charge was below 70% and i recieved a call. The guy in applestore Barcelona told me it was refurbished and not new too.

After much hesitation regarding purchasing anything electronic on the Internet, I decided to take a shot.  Glad I did. This product came exactly as described and worked perfectly.  Had to change it from Chineese to English but that's all.

The iphone was absolutely in perfect condition.  We set it up with T-Mobile's sim card and it works perfectly now.

Not interested in the latest technology, it is totally as a brand new factory unlocked iphone 3gs, it has no issues at all, no scratches, it is still working properly ;)

Phone worked flawlessly and was brand spanking new is sealed box! Would defiantly recommend to any one in the market for a great FACTORY unlocked iPhone

I needed two phones for my twins who were turning 12. I wanted them to have something nice but reasonably priced. Of course they wanted iPhones. I'm not going to buy a 12 yr.old a $500 phone for their first phone plus I needed two. So I figured the 3GS would be perfect. I ordered two from somewhere else and only one came unlocked. I was in a panic there birthday was in 3 days! So I found y'all and got the phone I wanted and just in time for their bday!! Thank you for getting me my order on time and thank you for getting me what I wanted a UNLOCKED phone!! My kids love their new phones!!

the phone was locked i waste the money

One of the speakers (right side) is not working, not good support from the seller. Sometimes the phone shut down when using wi-fi, even when battery is above 70%.

its perfect and excellente price, factory unlock and sealed condition! it is great and a good choice to every people

the  phone was bad it isn't in good use the power button is so bad dosent work good need to be fixed .

I ordered a WORKING 3GS, and it came with a non-working mic.  He blamed it on the USPS, and offered to fix it for free, but I could tell that the silver layer attached to the back cover was a bit off, so I took it to a local shop that knows who I am.  I have a nose for when things don't smell right.  They looked at it for free.  The back cover was ghetto rigged on in a manner that the screen came out too easily, and that when a new mic was inserted, the home button would not work anymore.  607 Tech Solutions is the highest rated Tech Repair shop in Broome County, NY.  They are professionals, and took the phone apart and put it back together three separate times with three new mics.  I watched take an hour to do something that should have taken ten minutes on a normal device.  He did not charge me, and told me to send the product back.

it arrived exactly as amazon said it would, the phone was in excellent condition and brand new as far as I could tell and works like a charm ... may not be the newest model but suits my needs to a tee for an excellent price.

I thought I could trust to buy a product that is received without power cord or cable data delivery to the other side tlf iphone comes with bad batteries, it also came with a lot of cat scratches me so it is responsible for damage. Response solution that offer hope r11finol@hotmail.comPens&eacute; que pod&iacute;a confiar para comprar un producto que se recibieron sin cable o cable de alimentaci&oacute;n de suministro de datos para el otro lado tlf el iphone viene con bater&iacute;as malas, tambi&eacute;n vino con una gran cantidad de ara&ntilde;azos de gato m&iacute; as&iacute; que es responsable de los da&ntilde;os. soluci&oacute;n que ofrezco espero Respuesta r11finol@hotmail.com

Once the phone came I was excited and thought I had a real good deal that was until the phone died, I tried to recharge the phone for hours on hours with no luck. I contact the seller and returned the item now this is were thing got shady. I was told my the seller that my refund would be back on my card 3 to 4 hours, I contacted the sell in 5 hours and was told it take 3 to 4 days, after the days when by No Refund, I tired one more time with the sell who told me that he put the money back on my card that day.... Never Happen!!! It took me one month to get my money back. BE CAREFUL

it lacks a basic things, such as the possibility of setting bigger font. Except for mails that can be widen, the rest are for non short sighted people

Be sure to buy an iPhone 3GS instead of a 3G.  The 3G essentially works the same, but the processor is old and it can only be updated to iOS 4.2, which most apps, including Skype, are not supported.  The 3GS can update to iOS 6.1 which is what the iPHone5's come with.  Also make sure it is factory unlocked, if not, an update will relock it.  If it isn't unlocked, you can simply call AT&T or take it to an AT&T store, and they'll permanently unlock it for you, it's very fast and simple.  I'm a longtime BlackBerry user which I still prefer for work, but the 3GS is great for personal use and to store music.  I see why they are so poplular.

it came without the little key to open the phone

The phone was slow , but at least it looked somewhat new . It worked and everything so I have no complaints other than speed.

The phone arrived on time and in perfect condition (brand new, factory packaged).  Unfortunately, the phone was LOCKED.LOVE the iPhone, but item was NOT as described.  It was described as Factory Unlocked / Not Jailbroken.

i got the phone but it was the wrong one i order and 16 gb but got a 8 gb it was bend new but wrong gb i sent it back and a refund was made nice doing bussness with them

Works well with T Mobile. The screen is a little small which can cause eye fatigue.  Overall,  it does an adequate job with wifi.

So bought this iPhone 3GS the only thing that sucked was the home button it was had to push deeper glass had some scratches but it was still worked great glass it did not have any glass cracks before had iPod touch 4g do not see much slowness but my power button on iPod touch got stuck so this why i got a iPhone also needed a phone

It would be nicer if I had service in my home from Tmobile for this ;phone.  Outside, it is great- not in my house.

I just want to tell this seller that his product is simply awesome. Excellent packaging. Actually I'm buying this Phone to send to Cameroon and it works perfectly with all the Service providers in cameroon. This phone is truly unlocked. I'll recommend this phone for any one who wants to use it in Africa especially Cameroon. It works very well. No scratches, looks like a brand new phone. the packaging makes me wanna get a another one even though I don't have money. Seriously, I have no draw backs for this product and its seller. I'll recommend this seller to any one...

I bought this phone 3 months ago. Initially I didn't use any sim card to use as a Phone, I only used wi fi to access some web sites. Today I took this phone to a pre-paid Phone company to insert a sim card, couldn't activate the phone. The phone has some software problem, can't fix it. Now I'm stuck with it, can't use it, can't return it.

Phone arrived as scheduled. Phone looks new n works well. The info posted was accurate. I put my Tmobile in n it works n it is ready to go for now. No problem. Nice company. Can be trusted.

I would take the Apple iPhone 3GS over the Samsung G3...I would recommend to friends and family members....A+ product that has exceeded my expectations.

It is a great phone. It can be used anywhere and it is easy to use the shipping was on time a great service

This unlocked phone works great on T-Mobile.  I just had to insert the SIM card from my old black-berry phone.  Within a few minutes, it got signal.  Because it was factory unlocked, it was updated to to iOS 6 just fine and remained unlocked afterward.  Don't buy those iPhones that are unlocked by software, because you can't update iOS.My existing T-Mobile contract doesn't have a data plan. All I had to do was disabling 3G and Data from Settings &#62; General &#62; Cellular.  After that Wi-Fi works fine and I don't have to pay for a data plan.Note that if you do a factory reset on the phone, the only way to get through the initial setup is either by having a data plan or activate via USB cable attached to a computer having iTune installed.The condition of the phone is dependent on who you buy it from.  My copy was near perfect.

received in great condition, works great on my cricket service

This was exactly as described; having never owned a smartphone i was nervous about buying this, but i love it! Came brand new in sealed box. I plan on buying another one for my husband and recommended seller to my sister.

the product is very bad. Now it is not working properly. display screen suddenly goes and battery is not properly charging with the given charger
