
I got this phone because it came with Android's ice cream sandwich operating system installed. I hope LG sends Jelly Bean to it. LG has been my choice of phone - from the pre smartphone days of yore (5 cellphone generations ago :-) to now) because they never disappoint.The LG Optimus 4x p880 phone has an amazing screen - sharp and bright The processor is zippy. The camera is takes great pix. The LG/Google partnership is satisfying.I planned to root it but LG loaded the p880 with useful apps and just knowing it can be rooted is comforting enough, so I left well enough alone.One of my favorite stock apps that is installed in the p880 is the QuickMemo which is accessed from the notification bar. It can be used QuickMemo to write notes during a call for example. The note gets saved as a jpeg image in the phone.At this point I'm hard pressed to find any negatives.

Excelent product! TRUE HD, Very fast OS, ultra clear and the perfect dimensions. I'll recommed it for old and new users.

Not bad for everyday usage, but a little bit old already. Just if you dont care, buy it. Gets hot quick

Lives up to all speed expectations, never crashes, amazing screen view/quality, best quality camera I've ever had on a cell phone.

con la mas grata bendicion para ustedes, articulo nuevo y sellado, cumpliendo con mis exigencias y necesidades, mil bendiciones y gracias a sus vendedores, recomendados al 100%

really fast and good, i love this phone, even though the upgrade to jelly bean is laggy and buggy, i downgrade it to ICS again and is working like a charm

Great phone. Battery life is a bit on the weak side. I have learned a bit how to use  the camera and it's very user friendly. At first, my pics were coming out too dark. I went to the tools and found I could lighten them with the brightness which was of course good. The good feature was that an adjustment of brightness stayed in place until you changed it. That was useful since the default '0' setting seemed to be too dark on my camera/phone. Great phone with more features than I'll ever need.

Great price for this hidden Jem. Proves that if you look you can fine a phone with great specs for a good price.  I would buy another from the same supplier. Only issue and it's a big one the earpiece speaker went bad. Ooooooo

I live in Ecuador so i needed a new unlocked smartphone. Easy to handle, but it came with some apps in a different language that i can't delete and i don't need. Nice display, the camera can dissapoint you though if you have high expectations (obviously it's not a pro cam). It's processor is really sweet, you can have several apps running and you don't realize 'cause the performance is not altered.

Hi everybody, this is my first cellphone from LG, i have refrigerator, tv, stereo, air conditions unit, and now i have this nice good looking, very fast and the best cellphone i ever had until now the LG optimus 4x hd p880, I live in Venezuela and even in here the phones companies the signal is not excellent this cellphone works great, I don't have more to say, Just Excellent product, I recommend it 100% to buy, the only problem is the language came in chinese but just push one buttom whe you are doing the setup and it turn in English, I'm gonna try to set it in Spanish, but i'm a bilingual person so for me that is not a big thing to handle,Thanks for everything

love this phone! !!! not a single complaint!  well if I must, is the waiting for jelly bean upgrade. but other more savy users can root the phone but even with ics it is a super fast phone. even the battery life is ok.

Where do I begin this phone I love my lg p 880 in fact I'm using it right now to write this review the first thing I did was order a 64 gigabyte micro ssd card then I installed a simple mobile card into the phone and it works flawless. This phone is very fast very clean pics incredible pictures and the video is excellent.. I have taken a software update and the phone last a long time with the battery and it also as a better sound quality and it stays cool in fact it only get a little  warm. It's thin strong beautiful well made and it fits in 1 hand perfectly I love this phone I keep it nicely in one off my cases put on a screen protector I will cherish this phone the call quality is excellent the screen is nice and sensitive 4.7 inch screen it also have all the features of the iphone and in fact more. This is the international version which is unlock it can also work on sprint and it will work on any gsm network.

I want to put my claim because after 6 months of buying this phone on Amazon.com, from one day to another, the photo camera broke down, I have not beaten and I have not installed anything.I formatted my memory, also utilis&eacute; the factory restore option but so far the problem continues.5 months ago I wrote to Amazon.com and received no response, then I wrote to LG and they told me to go to a customer service office, ask them the address and received no more response from you.Here I leave the video to not buy this product:[...]

I only become more impressed with this phone the longer I have it. So many excellent functions, and many little 'hidden' things you can learn about on YouTube. In one YouTube  review, LG Optimus 4X HD vs. Samsung Galaxy S III Dogfight Part 1 shows the LG coming in slightly behind the Galaxy, but the LG is only 300 dollars, who cares? BTW both Samsung and LG are Korean companies, known for some of the best technology in the world.It seems light out of the box, alarmingly light. Once the battery and the protective cover (purchased separately) are inserted and applied respectively, the weight and feel is very pleasing.  Display is seen even in bright sunlight, with brightness turned up full. I doubt you will find a better phone for the price.Pros: Well built, fast, powerful. International functionality.Cons: Battery can drain in six hours. Learning curve if new to android... to be expected. I think the phone could have used more RAM. Only one GB, the majority used for phone functioning. I suppose phone apps don't use a lot of resources, but I wouldn't leave a lot of apps running at once. Phone sometimes takes a few seconds to change from portrait to landscape mode.The proper support sites are here, from the UK. [...] and [...]You will download two pieces of software, a driver and a program, LGUnitedMobileDriver S4981MAN38AP22 ML WHQL Ver 3.8.1 and B2CAppSetup respectively. Install the driver first. Restart the computer. Install the B2CAppSetup program second. Here is the where to find the USB in the software: since this is not a US phone, you will find the p880 USB driver under "UK", not under "USA". Click on install, and you are good to go.

Good phone over all but front face cam is kinda weak,but over all the phone is great,features are great also

I decided to get an unlocked phone to use with T-mobile and was a bit concerned about the bands/frequencies used by some of the international phones for use in the US. A couple years ago, it would have been a bigger problem. But as T-mobile (and probably other companies) have been expanding their networks, I have no problem getting on HSPA+/3G in Pittsburgh. A few places, indoors and in basements have knocked me down to 2G.As for the phone itself: Everything in the box was wrapped and labeled as new. The box's seal sticker was gone, so it has probably been opened. It did not recognize my T-mobile SIM until I did a factory reset. This may suggest that it had been used before with someone else's SIM before. It really doesn't seem like it though, as the phone even had all the little pieces of protective plastic on the sides, etc. Regardless, it was in immaculate shape.The battery life has been suggested to be problematic, but it's a fair step up from my Galaxy S (original). After updating to Jellybean, it's further improved and the heating, which was noticeable previously, was all but gone.Would certainly recommend this phone. It's fantastic for the price range, and in general.

This device is nice and it&#8217;s a great deal! You get the hardware features of a Galaxy S3 for about $100 less than a Galaxy S3. I did a lot of research before deciding what I should buy taking a GS3 as my parameter, so I was going for Xperia T, LG 4x HD and GS3 of course.Hardware features:CPU:The hardware is basically the same, both offer Quad core CPU (International version) at 1.5 GHz for the LG 4x and 1.4 GHz for the GS3, while the Xperia T offers a dual core 1.5 GHz. I can tell that 0.1 GHz is not a big deal in performance, but Quad Core does a lot better than Dual Core if the OS it&#8217;s well optimized for it, so Xperia T loses this one.Storage and RAM:When I decided to buy a new phone I decided that 16 GB where enough for my needs. Xperia T and LG 4X offer 16 Gigs of internal storage, while you can get up to 64 gigs in the GS3 for some extra bucks. The 3 devices have micro-SD slots, up to 64 gigs for GS3 and LG 4X while Xperia gets up to 32 gigs. RAM wise the 3 devices offer 1 GB. Xperia T loses again.Camera:This is where the Xperia T kicks a** by offering a 13.0 MP camera while the other 2 devices offer 8.0 MP, they all have autofocus and LED flash. Most review say that GS3 camera is better than LG 4X and after doing a side by side comparison I realized this was true, also I found out that the GS3 camera is a bit faster. But we all know that Sony is well known for the HQ pics in their devices and is the only one offering a 2 stage shutter button, Sony wins this one, LG 4x loses.Screen:Xperia T: 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.55 inches (~323 ppi pixel density)GS3: 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.8 inches (~306 ppi pixel density)LG 4X: 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.7 inches (~312 ppi pixel density)Xperia T has got the best looking screen, but also it&#8217;s the smallest one, GS3 offer the biggest screen but has the lowest ppi, LG 4X stands in the middle with a good screen size and a good ppi, head to head with the GS3 I like the looking of the LG 4X screen more than GS3, contrast ratio and color definition of the True HD-IPS LCD seems to be better than Super AMOLED screen. So since the 3 devices offer the same resolution at different screen sizes and ppi the middle term of the LG 4X wins here.Battery life:This is the weak point of more smartphones this days! They are really power hungry devices with their huge screens, multicore processors and 3G networks. Sony offers a non-removable 1850 mAh battery, while SG3&#8217;s got 2100 mAh battery and the LG 4X offers 2150 mAh battery, both removable. 50 mAh are not a big difference and GS3 seems to have the best talk battery life time, while coming pretty close for web browsing. Sony loses this one with over all short battery life.I saw some head-to-head benchmark for processing, video rendering and web browsing at which LG 4X and GS3 would come pretty close in performance, LG being a little faster for 3D video rendering. Both devices perform greatly and the LG 4X is about $100 cheaper so if you are in a tight budget you should go for the LG if you don&#8217;t mind lacking 4G LTE connectivity, but since there&#8217;s no 4G in my country yet that was not a problem for me.Over all I&#8217;m pretty pleased with this device, preforms greatly (gaming, web browsing, social networks, etc.)  it&#8217;s good looking, doesn&#8217;t looks or feel cheap and it has a great performance for the price I paid, I updated the OS to Jelly Bean a couple of days after getting it and everything is running smoothly. My only complaint so far is that I have to recharge it using a USB port for it won&#8217;t make it through the day with an overnight charge with some intense use, and trust me with a device like this you are going to make some intense use of it.Regarding the vendor I have to say that the delivery was in time, the box and everything else was sealed, all the accessories where in the box. There were some minor scratches in the box but nothing to serious. Since this is an international phone the charger is not for the American power outlet, the vendor sent an adapter but if you plug the charger all the way into the adapter the device it won&#8217;t work, all I have to do is barely pull it back and it will work fine. You can get an adapter at any hardware store for anyway.

Fast, great screen and resolution, fast interface, good battery, excelente audio, excelent from games, Upgrate android 4.1.2.Support cyanogenmod 10.1 (android 4.2.1)

This phone is wicked....super fast. System is fast procesing info. It doesn't feel slow or heavy like the galaxy s3. It looks elegant in materials and shape. Not like the S3 that kooks like a bar of soap or the htc onex or s tha looks cheap. Image are sharp, camera is awesome video is to. The games are amazing the  NvidiaTegra chip is serious stuff. And the Quad Core 4 + 1 architecture mean bussiness. Im using it in AT&T and boy thos phone fly. So far it has worth evey single dime. The apps is just what you want and need. No preloaded stuff from any provider just  LG, the quickmemo feature is very usefull. The NFC, smartshare are Amust. My only complain is the lack of hdmi port, and that is power hungry.......but with the power that has i mean is expectec. Nothing that a extended baterry cannot solve. Very impress with all the onboard customization from LG in the lancher widgets etc........Simply awesome phone.

Having a lot of fun with this phone! It does have its glitches, like freezing sometimes, and restarting at others, but in general it serves me well, having bought it to move overseas.... no major issues in setting up new SIM card, and the functions and features are pretty straightforward. Hope it lasts for a while!

this is an exelent smartphone, I think than this phone its equal or better than s3, its too fast on the internet and have a fast and easy response to the commands

Resist smart phone as far as I can, until now that I can not any longer.  This is my first, so no comparison.  I like it because it seems working fine and keeps up with my demand.  Battery life is disappointing, about one day with light use (not much web as I don't like small screen web browsing, mostly phone use and wechat), but I heard it is normal with all smart phone.  No speed issue.  Rooted easily.  LG weather widget is good.  Installed other LG active wall paper, like the firework.  The size is already too big for one hand operation, unless you got really big hands.

Is the best phone that I used, the quad core processor is very fast. I recommend this phone, price-quality 5/5. Nice camera, amazing graphics.

Not much lag while navigating, good call quality, great camera, although the front facing camera isn't nearly as good as the rear, but that's to be expected. Plenty of features and no problems (so far - I've had it about 6 months). It was definitely brand new when received and had all the packaging and accessories. Customer service was responsive and willing to help when I initially couldn't get service, but I quickly figured out I'd inserted the SIM card backwards, lol.

Got this phone recently, seller sent it promptly and arrived in pristine conditions. It can be daunting at first when you turn it for the first time and see the system language in something like chinese or korean. It comes with too few languages to choose from as the included are mostly asian. I had to replace the rom in order to get european ones.I'm not that into android but I find some good and useful things on it I can put to work. Not my primary phone but it's very pretty fast, battery life is decent, and the screen is really good.You cannot go wrong with this phone.

I bought it when the price was lower than now. I think it is a little over priced while you can buy a better one for the same price. However, it is good but not as it should. It has a quad core processor (Tegra 3) which is poor optimized for most of the games availables in Store. It also lags sometimes when using home button. As a summary, you can get a better one for the same price; this phone should be much cheaper.

I did about two months research on this phone before I purchased it. I compared it to the samsung galaxy s3, and it was while I was viewing a video of the s3 that i saw a comparison of a picture and realized that the lg 4x had a brighter and more realistic look than the s3. Don't get me wrong, the s3 is a good phone and out shines the 4x in other areas like loud speaker quality and camera focus, but for about $160.00 less, i think that the 4x is great value for money. Before you buy any phone, visit gsmarena.com and look for ALL the specification. This phone has Nvidia Tegra chpiset and 1.5 Ghz quad-core cpu so internet browsing and playing games like dead trigger is a pleasure. I recommend this phone to one of my co-worker who now owns one. So far so good. Well done LG.

I'm completely delighted with this phone. At the current price it's a steal, a bargain you can't refuse. You can go check out any number of comparative reviews on the net between the LG Optimus 4X HD and the Galaxy SIII and they're quite a match for each other, no clear winner, but at the current price of both phones, the Optimus wins hands down.The only complaint I have for the particular unit I got is that it came out of the box with Chinese as the default language, so the initial Android setup screen was quite enigmatic - I had to go look for screenshots on the net to find out which button said what, specifically which one was the language setting button. But that was easy to do anyway and if you find yourself in the same position, take note that the button to change the language is the largest one right there in the low-middle portion of the screen. Next step, once everything is tidied up language-wise, just go ahead and deactivate the Chinese-market bloatware that comes pre-installed (these apps can't be uninstalled, just &#34;deactivated&#34;).Aside from this minor quibbles, the phone experience is superb. I'm yet to test a lot of its features, but anyway make no mistake, the LG Optimus 4X HD is top-of-the-line stuff!:::::::Nota para compradores venezolanos: funciona a la perfecci&oacute;n con Movilnet GSM (dentro de lo mala que es la se&ntilde;al de voz GSM de Movilnet), s&oacute;lo hay que dejar que el tel&eacute;fono detecte la red apropiada y luego configurar el APN.

First off; It was delivered to my country in timeSecondly- Got everything in the box as the company said it wouldThird- The phone is great, im not much of a smartphone user so this is just wonderful. Love the screen size,the colours fantasticFourth- its a great phone for the price range, also the features

Great phone for that price. I was dissapointed when I saw the poor support LG had over this phone, since its specs are great, but they barely put an effort to keep it updated. But having so much custom ROM's out there, that's not a huge problem if you're into that kind of things.

Very fast shipping, product in perfect NEW condition, original package, all accessories included. Works better than expected, a lot of options and capacity. It does everything I need.

excellent phone, the camera is excellent with a flash in the dark gives good light for what you want, not to mention the rapides that esperimenta with its core games special. the colors are very real, call the chamber size is spectacular, Expandable memory is up to 64, is very fast compared to all the other high-end equipment that other companies not far behind with none of the phones that here in my country are marketing, this product did not give 5 star rate but 100. excellent team LG.

Is fast and feels Great in hand i really like it but when i unbox the Phone, this have a stock piel.

This phone is one of the best! is fast, takes great pictures and is thin, not heavy. It is convenient to use, the seller is excellent. It is highly recommended!

Excellent. I am satisfied with my purchase. It works perfect. The applications run well. I was hoping that the battery will last at least two days but I work like that. Is my cellphone everyday.

On the initial use of the phone I was overwhelmed by its speed and powerBattery use is quite good for such a large phone but needs getting used to, switching from a blackberry. The camera and call quality are amazing. The keyboard has a slight learning curve. Charging is fast but the phone tends to get warm under heavy gaming. This phone gets the job done

This is a great phone, works well with TELCEL service.I gave it 4 starts only because it has given me problems with the bluetooth connection to my car, other than that, everything else is as expected from the recent generation of hardware!!

i love this one..... and for that price is a great deal...the only con is that the nvidia chip drains battery a lot so... if u like to play a lot of games in ur cel u will have to charge often ...and it will get really hot after a while.. thats for cellphone gamers lol... but i really really love this phone... nothing to envy s3 ... and its a lot cheaper :D

This is a very nice phone. I was doubtful to buy LG, but it has surpassed my expectations. I would buy again LG phones (maybe in 2 years)

jelly beam its ready for this phone but i cant do the upgrade and when i restart the hour and time zone shows like i life in singapour, and i dont life there !!!!!!!!!!!, so give me an answare whats going whrong. i think the phone is damaged but no to me, too bad

so nice and fast phone, better than samsung s3 fast games, and very very cheap I really like it recommended

I'm happy with my phone as it is fast and efficient, but has some flaws as overheating and the battery does not last long. But in the technological point of view is an excellent article and the best market price. Very good responsible seller, the only thing was that the box arrived a bit damaged but the item in good condition thanks!

Got it on time, again amazon lived its promise, even delivered a day earlier... device works perfectly in Venezuela tried with 2 local carriers Movistar and Digitel worked. the phone is fast, no frills, LG UI works fine it kind of grows in you... the phone is simple to use it has Spanish Language, in comparison to S3 about the same in speed I have loaded it with heavy apps and works as expected, graphics are awesome I havent noticed the AF glitches of the camera reported in some reviews so it has probably been fixed. Battery usage is average, Im sure for those who know (which I dont) about rooting etc can get better mileage on the battery. so far if using games etc it gone a little over half a day if using it normally 65% og thr day.If using this phone in Venezuela go ahead and purchase screen film and protective case, these are not easily found in Caracas, overall i really like this device, exceeds my expectations and for the money an excellent deal under USd 300...

I received the phone and it didn't work the microphone. I only can talk using the speakerphone. Bad decision because I am working abroad the United States so I cannot change this cell phone,

I have now had this phone 8 months.  I am still loving it. Really enjoy the larger size screen. It is fast, easy to use.

A must have, great price, excellent performance, i liked the smoothing transition and battery life. As good as Galaxy SIII

smartphone with excellent screen resolution, good camera in good light conditions, excellent resolution video camera, very fluid. The smartphone with the best performance at the best price. Hopefully LG will not leave us in the hope ICS update soon to Jelly bean. The battery like all current smartphone is just fair average otherwise excellent smartphone

is a very good change from iPhone to android. LG phones are very good, not that expensive as apple or samsung. If you want an Android phone,  LG is the best choice

Seeing the Nvidia Tegra quad core configuration, I purchased this device. Shocked that this cannot play games like temple run , it often brings glitches may be in every 15 secs of play we can feel a slight pause and ruining the flow of gameEven a dual core Qualcomm chipset performs much better If you are buying for raw power of quadcore , please dont buy thisEven after the jelly bean update from Lg, the free RAM left is always around 170-200 MB only out of 1 GBRemaining things are good , but we should atleast get performance better than a dual core. Cant believe branded company like LG sells devices without proper testing out in the marketIf you just need a device to check mails and browsing, this is a good mobile because of the large screen. Sound quality is fine.If anyone else also facing this performance issue , and have suggestion please do reply to this, so that I can try it out from my endI received the mobile after a week , as it was shipped through UPS ground. I believe before buying mobile online, please go through the return policy, as now i tend to lose money on this

This phone is awsome its smoooth,  incredibily fast all the power of nvidea tegra 3,  this phone is in the same league than Samsung galaxy s3,  of course is so much better  than iPhone 5 the screen  have a great resolution the camera its not so powerful  than another quadcore phone whith his 8Mp, but if this is not and inconvenience for  you this is your phone

It is a very light phone has very good performance with fast processor, the camera is good quality, also the front camera. You can take panoramic photos. It has a very bright screen with vivid colors.

The Bad (because this is what you're really looking for):-the camera isn't great, which is fine, since this is a phone. As an amateur photographer I prefer the decent iPhone camera, but whatever, I didn't want to pay that price.-battery life is so so, I'm not a "heavy user" so this isn't so big a deal for me, but it's probably not a bad idea to get an extra battery if you're a commuter, which you can do with this phone.-tiny tinny speaker. It's true the sound isn't great, but this is a phone, so I'll cut it some slack. My wife has the 5th gen iPod touch whose speaker is certainly better, and to think further on it makes my shoulders shrug of their own accord.-You can pretty much forget about finding a good case for it. I gave up.-WiFi connection is sometimes annoyingly finicky.-as a Mac user I had to find and then download special aftermarket software to get my handset to communicate with my computer. This is always a painful and aggravating process when moving media around. Not LG's fault or problem, but, Mac users be aware this is not a match made in heaven.The good:-it's satisfyingly large/has great "hand-feel" (keep your jokes to yourself please). The monolithic look is pleasing to my tastes, and perhaps yours.-the screen. I like to read e-books, and the size of the screen makes this a viable reader, as well as a media consumption device.-the price! LG's loss is your gain. Thought about getting an Galaxy SIII, but the savings were compelling.-Micro SD expandability + replaceable battery means you can cheaply repurpose this thing for years to come. Just think on that a moment. It's pretty much THE reason I chose this phone.-Android ICS is pretty solid. I think I prefer aspects of iOS, but in the balance, ICS is perfectly suitable.-TONS of app[lication]s. Seriously, when will there be enough?-quad core? This is my first smartphone, so really, I have no point of contrastThe verdict:Word to LG's mother, I am a fan of this unit. The price was right, and I have been well satisfied with it's performance. I need to be cautious when handling it since I have given up on finding a case, and it's size can make it awkward to transition to and from pockets. Once I have a back-up battery for this I will be complete as a human being. Have a wonderful day consumer.

There are only a couple os things I don't like. The battery last too little, although everybody tell me that's normal for a smartphone. And it came with a problem, sometimes, when I answer or make a call, the screen turns to black and I can't change it until a few minutes later. However, a friend told me I just need to update the software. If that's the case, I have no complains. it's really fast and light, Great display resolution, etc.

the telephone is absolutely beautiful, awesome, but the battery drains in one day, you have to buy another battery ...you will need it

Excellent quality basic functions, as also in the functions of a high-end smart phone, excellent display, both in size and in resolution, excellent internet browsing and very quickly, large capacity internal memory to expand even more with external memory, the operating system but not the last, is quite updated and works great, works great with Digitel in Venezuela, but does not bring Spanish language, English language brings, which is not at all difficult, I really liked this phone intelligent.

the telephoe its good desine and nice software ihope from the lg company to upgrade the system to jellybenand all support for the phone for middle east

This Cell is amazing, fast and smooth, no lag issues, got the JB update as soon as I turned it on, doesn't come in spanish though, which is not a problem for me but beware.Este celular es maravilloso, rapido, no tiene problemas de lag, la actualizacion a JB esta disponible tan pronto como prendan el aparato, pero la oficial no trae espa&ntilde;ol, asi que esten pendientes de esto, tampoco es gran cosa porque lo pueden rootear y asi conseguirla en esp&aacute;&ntilde;ol

Great phone, the only thing i don't like about this phone is the battery life, poor battery life, but the other things is great, great display, powerfull cpu, nice camera, the front camera isn't good with low light. i like it too much this phone

The phone is simply perfect. It took months of research to finally decide on which phone to buy and all I can say that after receiving the phone, I was not let down!Everything about this phone is amazing except the korean apps inside. Removing them is impossible but after a week of using it, I finally found a way to disable them from showing!

todo excelente, tal cual las especificaciones. sin queja alguna y me gusto mucho el celular, muy buena nitidez y sonido

Pros:Super fast, a Quad-core doing the job, gorgeous design, awesome resolution, no problems with the seller, very dependable, and this phone with that hardware is the cheapest one you can ever find!!Contras:It comes with Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0.3 and you can update it, the real contra is that you have to do it through USB connection on Windows, and Windows is having problems with the concection through USB with all the devices, I could do it after 100 times (J/K) but it was like 10 or 15 times before it worked after search on Internet.

Good phone! Very fast, good and big screen, good memory and most important, good price. I recommended it. No problem till now.

I mistakenly believed the reviews for this phone on this site. I was lead to believe it was fast and a great phone for the price. it is slower then my galaxy 2 and has no battery life its a real disappointment

I can play any game without any problem at all. for that price this is one of the best cellphones you can buy. i recommend it.

It is amazing!!! Flash light a little harsh, but other than that it is amazing! And it does support spanish language!

nice phone, best I ever had... It isn't a Samsung Galaxy S3 but it meets the spectations, nice quality, very fast. Thin and powerfull.... a very good deal

All the technical information that you would need is available at phonearena.comI've personally used several different models from 2010, 2011 & 2012 of HTC, Motorola, Samsung.However, I'm blown away by this phone in terms of value for money. It its underpriced and under-advertised and understated.At $400 vs. HTC one X (almost the same price) vs.  Samsung GS3 (at $579) the choice is simple....... buy this phone. It works in USA, Canada, Europe, Caribbean, and in Latin American countries (e.g. Venezuela).Beautiful screen, vibrant colors, good but simple looks and style, and the battery life with juice defender on default settings of 15 hours usage of internet, calls, Facebook, texting, etc. and now at 20% ....... well you can do the maths.Well done LG. Good work. Keep it up.I recommend this phone above all other 2012 phones. You won't regret it.This is the Diamond in the Rug of the 2012 phones.

This phone is awesome. The only bad things about it is that the camera isnt too good and the phone gets hot when you play games for too long. But that isnt a problem for me since i dont play games that much and you can just download a camera app to replace the original 1.

So far, I love it.  It's super fast and seems bug-free.  It was a great price.  It's a little bigger than I'm used to, but I think I'm cool with the big screen.  It is a left over from the Asian market, so the phone fires up in Chinese (or perhaps Korean?) but don't panic-- it's super easy to fix.  When you first start up the phone, there will be three boxes at the bottom of the screen:  two side by side and then  one directly above and centered which is for the language settings.  Tap the center field once and all your languages show right up.  Btw, reception is great with this unit, and I live halfway between nowhere and the end of the earth.  Much better than my old Samsung Galaxy I.

Was very excited to finally receive this phone but then very disappointed that it can not connect to T-Mobile 3g or 4g networks until they update their networks to run on 1900Mhz. If your with AT&T your good to go. I will update this review when I'm able to connect to T-Mobile's 4g networks. This needs to be advertised on the listing to warn customers about the lack of 4g on T-Mobile. Aside from this disappointing aspect of the phone it works great! Very light weight, thin, fast, and beautiful picture. Haven't had a chance to get a feel for battery life yet.

nice quad core CPU. lots of storage. sleek design.performs well. Rooted and installed a custom ROM from XDA developers site.

Una pantalla increible.Bueno velocidady lo mejor viene con la ultima actualizacion de Android.lo que menos gusto, tal vez un poco grande para lo que venia manejando.

This phone works excellent with any cellphone company in Venezuela. The unit that arrive me, let me configure spanish language using ICS 4.0.3. The only not so good is the tone volume for the rest is a great phone.

It's a good cell phone, much lighter than Iphone 4, but the lifetime of battery is not long as expected.But it's best value anyway and I like it.

I have been using this phone (with the jelly bean update) for a few days now and here are my opinions:Good:Pretty much everything except for whats listed in the the bad (Powerful CPU, Long Standby time, Nice Screen etc)BAD:The battery runs down quickly once you start using it. The charge depletes so quickly its ridiculous, I should point out in all fairness though that it's a standby champion.Who would I recommend this phone to:If you are not a heavy user and tend to just have music playing then this phone is for you since the companion core does not use a lot of power. If you are a power user, you might want to look into underclocking the CPU and freezing some of the services running in the background (LG has a ridiculous amount of  background services that appear to contribute significantly to the poor battery life).UPDATE 10/15/2013I finally decided to root the device, freeze a ton of services as well as change out the launcher and underclock it and now I can describe the battery life as stellar.

Gran equipo. y buen vendedor HassleFreeCell . Todo bien cero problema. Velocidad, buena calidad de gr&aacute;ficos, todo lo que quer&iacute;a.

I really like the phone, it has all the benefits of a cellular expensive as Galaxy S3, iPhone and Blackberry z10 but with a much lower price.I like:Fast.Very crisp display.Light.Thin.Good camera.I do not like:Very large.Low memory.Battery of short duration.I recommend using applications to improve memory and battery performance.

nice phone, good resolution...fast but sometimes it gets slow, anyway...good price for a quad core phone,..good graphics too!...it gets the 4.1.2 android os

the phone is good, is not the best one, but worth the price.But HTC and Samsung has the best Androids.

Got the phone on time and as described, i like it. I can be upgraded to jelly bean 4.1. The flash is super bright though

I really liked the specs on this phone so I decided to buy one. A few months outside of the seller warranty the phone developed an overheating problem and eventually got to the point where it was unusable. I did not abuse this phone so I have every reason to believe it was due to a manufacturer defect. I contacted LG customer service and was quickly told that it was not serviceable in the U.S (because it was not a U.S. phone). I had no choice but to send my phone to the phone service center in Singapore, the only one for this phone, months ago with no response of any kind to this day,  so that so-called manufacturer's warranty CLEARLY does not apply to this phone. A $390 total loss...

It's been almost 7 months since I started using this phone and I love it. Great build quality, still has good specs, easy to root default firmware (no wipe necessary) and looks nice. I'm running CM 10.2 on mine, mainly for customisation purposes, but the stock LG firmware was stable and not too bloated so it's a preference thing more than a functionality thing.If I had to pick out the worst aspect of the phone, it's the battery life. Even idling I have seen the battery go from full to dead in about a day and a half, but alas, such is the price for this much power packed into such a small space. The reason I didn't deduct a star for this is because the battery is user replaceable, something that too many other phones these days do not allow. I simply picked up a couple of spares and an external charger so that I always have backup power ready.

I don't want to write a filibuster on products such as a cellphone. I know people have a renewing fetishism for gadgets all the time, that's why I think especially advocating a product is stupid act, and I myself have already been transformed from a cellphone fan to someone more of an utilitarian. LOL. However, I still find it's necessary to boast for the name LG Optimus 4X HD, which I bought just two weeks ago in case someone needs exactly such a good phone as I do.PROSQuad-core processor, high CPU frequency, daily tasks fluent as hellBig and bright screen, excellent color, high-density pixelsSensitive touch screen, seldom made any mistake typingNon-destructive design; plastic lid on the back and a full screen on the front; don't need to worry too much about wearing the phone out or denting it like other aluminum or metal productsFeels solid, medium heavy, definitely not cheesy!Very cool appearance, looks very appealing to me personally!CONSDoesn't support latest 4G network (which doesn't bother me a lot)Battery drains fairly fast (because the CPU is very powerful)Gaming performance is fairly poor (which I don't care, however if you game on phones be careful)But remember no phone is perfect! For this price, I bet this is the best phone you can get.

Got the black version of the phone a couple of days before this review and have been satisfied so far. After extensive research and forum jumping from review and tech faqs, I've decided to take the chance on the LG Optimus 4X HD. While it is true that it does get real hot at first BEFORE the updates, I still buckled down and followed the faqs given on the android forums concerning this phone. Yes, you DO have to update the software/firmware, get root access, and do a bunch of other steps to help govern the heat management of the phone as well as battery life.  Once you have this phone rooted and all, it is also best to download an app that helps recalibrate the battery.  The first time after I did the root, I still noticed that the battery drain was dropping like the proverbial ten ton anvil until I downloaded a cpu governor as well as a battery recalibration app.  Doing that helps IMMENSELY.  Playing any sort of game doesn't eat up the battery's juices at a phenomenal rate like the Kardasians on an eating binge as it did out of the box, and the unit only gets warm now rather than blistering hot. Prior to updates and manual fixes, the temp of the phone can go up a feverish 100 degrees F and above. Enough that I thought it might blow up or melt. Now it mid-ranges from 80 to 95 on a good solid hour of gaming.  I'm not much of a hard core mobile gamer, so any game testing over the 1 hr mark is something I haven't done.  I've heard of a rumor about a stickable graphite "ice pad" heat sink that can be applied to the back cover to help disperse the heat faster but I have yet to buy and test one. If anyone else has done so, please let me know of it does work.As for those complaining about the low speaker problem... Personally, I can live with it due to using my headphones that already has a volume booster control. There is however an app on google play that helps boost/tweak up the on-board speakers higher than normal, but at the owner's own risk - boost it past 100% of the safety levels and your device's speakers WILL die permanently. A boost of 30% above the norm was as high as I dared go during testing, which 10% lower than the 40% safety margin the app's instructions said, and the sound was better than before.So far, this phone is a great buy if you're looking for an affordable quad-core tegra 3 phone.  Just take note that you'll have to work on manually updating the phone via official and custom updates to really get the most out of it. Another good thing to note is that if you're a hard core gamer, an extra battery or two would really help you in the long run. Because no matter what phone you've got, if you're a mobile gamer, one battery ain't enough no matter what phone you have if the battery is easily accessible.

Excellent phone very fast and fluid bad is the battery to run down very fast but we're talking about a quad core Tegra 3 recommend this phone because of its features despite having a good price

One gripe...the time reverts to Korea daily....I sokd the phone about what I payed to a friend....he didnt likenthe speed of the phone. ?.not sure if its a good deal or bad deal....any phone off contract is a good phone to me?

With the latest and ongoing CM 10.1 nightly and solid performance control compared to the V20A versiom.. It is quite a phone to compete against. I was never a fan of Amoled device and since the G2x, this is the one. I stuck the Halo screen protector and case and its safe from wear and tear.

viene en coreano e ingles pero no tiene espa&ntilde;ol, para la gente que le agrade tener una parte del equipo en ingles esta bien.  el vendedor muy cumplido y merece una calificacion de 5.Korean and English is not Spanish but for the people you like to have a piece of equipment in English is good. the seller very satisfied and deserves a rating of 5

It has been over a year since I bought this cellphone. Reliable, incredibly durable (it has received a good dose of ground-based punishment without showing any signs of wear and tear), and with an additional slot for SD cards you can have access to all your favorite music, e-books and the like. It may not have 4G technology, but that does little to its own power as it is, as HSPA feels pretty good depending on your service provider.

I purchased this phone and it arrived August 7th.  By September 1st, the auto rotate feature of the phone stopped working.  The seller's warranty period was only two weeks and since the phone is considered a parallel import, (sold in a market without the permission of manufacturer or intellectual property owner by a third party) the manufacturer's warranty is void.I didn't know about any of this before I purchased the phone.  And as said, ignorance of the law is no excuse.  So I should have researched these things before my purchase.  But if one is ignorant, how does one educate himself but through trial and error?  Now I am aware of this parallel import problem and will know better next time.The phone is a nice phone and I like it.  But with the above stated warranty problem, all U.S. people should avoid purchasing this or any other international phone not marketed and sold in the U.S.A. unless you understand the risk of your purchase.

1)A or B version which works for LG OPTIMUS International Version. [...]2) loaded my poor battery life, go to battery consumption and more power hungry device is idle, "drums used by the radio"

Most people coming to see these reviews are probably Latin American, likely to be from Venezuela,Ecuador, Colombia,Peru and Chile so I'll give you guys some heads up on how everything worked out and how it is working for me. For starters, YES, you can use this phone almost everywhere in the world. I get HSPA+ here in Colombia, and it works really well. The cellphone is clearly brought from Europe and quite honestly I couldn't care less about it. I somehow expected the box to be completely sealed when It arrived, but it wasn't, I can see they needed to include the EU-to-US AC Adapter, so I don't really mind as long as it is a new phone. This was my only complaint about the product though, my EU-to-US Adapter was not working out of the box. I didn't mind as I have tons of these over here, but it could be an annoyance to someone else. Overall, the transaction with Hassle Free was excellent and pretty fluid.Now, as far as THE ACTUAL PHONE goes:This phone has been slowly becoming a favorite within countries where prices are usually STUPID high even with 2 or 3 year contracts as it is, spec-wise, an amazing phone...LG's 2012 Flagship, the first QuadCore smartphone announced in history and one of the finest screens around. It's LG, you can count on it having great Hardware...and terrible Software. I was quite surprised with LG UI 3.0, it is incredibly customizable, didn't even feel the need to download a Launcher right away as I do with other phones. It is, looks-wise, comparable to Samsung's own TouchWiz but without the stutter and unoptimized mess.INTERFACE: LG UI 3.0 is quite customizable and one of the best in the market, not as "serious" looking as Sony's Xperia or HTC's Sense, but it doesn't need to be...it is INCREDIBLY customizable.BATTERY: 2150 mha of pure energy...well not really, but it lasts me the day if with auto brightness (starting point 35%) and using 2G services while using the typical Whatsapp, FB Chat, FB, Twitter, some calls and some internet browsing.SPEED: AS long as you don't update to Jellybean incorrectly (keep reading), the phone is incredibly snappy.OS: What? OS? Yes...there was a hidden tracker left in the JellyBean update for this phone, but you can disable it if you use the hidden menu by calling 3845#*880* and Disabling MLT. It drains your RAM and BAttery, so IF you decide on updating to Jellybean...you're warned (and you have been told the solution)STURDINESS: Wow...yes...it is plastic...but OMG is it sturdy. It can resist quite a beating and it's as light as a feather.SCREEN: Simply beautiful...I never understood when people would compare IPS LCD to Super AMOLED...but now I see the difference and boy, is it a good screen. It is amazing, but it was expected being LG, founder of the tech.OVERALL: This is an amazing phone, as it stands, it's only competitor in its price range is the Google Nexus 4...but if you are from somewhere outside the "First World" (hush hush....most people in this review section), this is a definite must buy. I do NOT recommend updating to JellyBean unless you are rooting and booting another ROM, but this is quite a sensational phone and bang for your buck. The camera isn't the best under low-light conditions, but I couldn't care less...if that's your cup of tea. The Volume buttons are incredibly weird, but they work fine. Overall a great product.

Me llego a tiempo, bien empacado, lo he probado y trabaja muy bien no me ha dado ningun problema, es super rapido y bonito, buen acabado fisico, le falta actualizarse a jelly bean

It's a beautiful device, it has all the features i actually wanted in a phone but, a wrong phone was sent to me in error which delayed the transaction for three weeks period .Sony Xperia smart phone was sent to me in place of LG P880 Optimus Black Factory Unlocked Gsm phone i initially ordered.

Is a excellent device, very very fast, pics are good, and in general all is excellent and low cost than other similar mobile phones like Samsung S III.

Great screen and it's very fast, gorgeous design, awesome resolution, no problems with the seller, very dependable, and this phone with that hardware is  very good for value.I love it.

Realmente vale la pena cada centavo que pagu&eacute; por el.Rapido, la pantalla es de excelente calidad los materiales muy buenos, la camara es excelente.nada que envidiarle a otros telefonos.

smartphone with excellent screen resolution, good camera in good light conditions, excellent resolution video camera, very fluid. The smartphone with the best performance at the best price. Hopefully LG will not leave us in the hope ICS update soon to Jelly bean. The battery like all current smartphone is just fair average otherwise excellent smartphone

need to install consumer system to use GPS, when i use Original system, never success connect Satellite.test nexus 4 no problem.

Great deal! It has everything you need in a mobil.ProsCheapVery FastBattery Last all day longAndroid jellybeanVery Quick Photo repetitionContraFilming at night with poor quality and recording audio as well.

This phone is one of the best I can say. The best I have ever owned. It has everything, it is fast, has a very nice screen and it's not expensive at all!Don't read any other reviews, just buy this phone and you will be very happy!Android is the best.

This phone runs slowly even it has 4 cores. There are many laggs while using. Sometimes, the system shuts down automatically. In terms of the software, it is alright. Wish could add weather display and more options for lock screen.

This phone packs a lot of features at a low price!  If anyone has problems with battery life you have to uninstall the "bloatware" LG and google apps and it'll definitely increase life...I had mine on standby overnight and battery drained 40% even on airplane mode!  After uninstalling apps I'll never use or need, battery decreased 1% or less overnight in airplane mode.A-GPS needs 1-4 minutes to lock on to satelites compared to the iphone which is almost instant, but hey as long as it works I'm happy.  I have had issues where the screen turns itself on.  The speaker quality is great with some things, and horrible with others...I don't know what bright engineer decided to install a speaker on the back of the device.All in all for the price you're going to save half what the newest phones cost, and the one I received was actually built in March 2013 so that's pretty sweet!  I'd recommend the phone, but be aware there are not many cases or screen protectors to choose from, compared to iphone.  If you want to save a few hundred bucks buy this phone, other than the crappy speaker on some apps I love it! And the large screen makes the iphone screen look like sooo small

I was a Samsung cell phone user. I change to LG because this unit seems to me different. It comes Android 4.0.3, but looking for an actualization I found one 4.1.2, I use LG Suite to install. It takes 2 hours to complete the job. My cell phone is amazing. the display is gorgeous. really HD, the core is powerful, and the drainage of the power battery comes slow even when the use is continuous. 12 gb. memory inside and I added 32 Gb micro SD to store my music and my files. Recommended.

Firstly to provide some context to my critique of this phone the back story is that me and my friend bought it in early june of 2013, I lost mine 2 month later in August and bought another one only for it to break 4 months later in December. So I have experience in dealing with this phone from a sample of three phones (two from me and one from my friend)The biggest complaint about this phone is that over time it will deteriorate and it will begin to run slower and slower. This is despite the fact that I had a hard plastic cover on it for the entire time I owned it. The phone will start to spaze out and take long amount of time to load between different screens. This can be extremely annoying when texting, after a few months of owning this phone sometimes the ability to text can be patchy, as there are a few seconds lag between the words you are typing and what comes up on screen.Another really annoying feature that me and my friend used to joke about but in reality still is very annoying is that fact that every single time you turn the phone off and on again, the timezone is set to Taipei in Asia, which is a completly different time zone. The only way around this (and believe me I've tried everything, including trying to download any app to solve the problem) is to root the phone, which can cost a considerable amount of money if you do not know how to do it yourself.Lastly the phones audio jack in both of my phones deteriorated over time. In one phone it broke completely and I was no longer able to listen to music through headphones. In the other phone the audiojack is a bit patch and if I am walking it can sometimes disconnect.All in all, this phone for the money you pay is not worth it. Do not be fooled by the phones specifications (which do look good on paper). It would be a much more shrewd investment of money to purchase either the moto G which is cheaper and better, any one of the Samsung Galaxy series or Sony Xperia Z series. All of which are much better then the LG.

Great product... great seller!!!This cellphone is superfast, it has a huge screen and its beautifullI tottally recomend it to everyone

It was recibed in a perfect way. The phone is awesome and i recomend it. The battery is not a big deal but enough for me

Lo &uacute;nico malo es que viene en Chino e Ingl&eacute;s por lo que hay que saber personalizarlo. El cel una maravilla. La camara envidiable aunque sin llegarle al S3 de Samsung.

We have an LG  L7 that my wife uses; she loves it. I purchased this one because of the larger screen. Before I carried both a phone and a Galaxy Tab (for an eReader). Now I carry only the phone. The screen is very clear and the phone is pretty darn fast. I would recommend it highly. We use it via Consumer Cellular, which piggybacks on AT&The with good results.

Like: This is a nice phone:- Good design: slim and nice,- Fast, really fast,- Nice display 1280x720, amazing colors and bright,- Nice android LG personalizations, it could make personalized icons,- Fine sound when You make calls,- Good camera (photo and video) 720p and good pictures,- Amazing connectivity with my LG smart TV: By using DLNA you see in the TV what You see in the phone.Dislikes:1- This is not an international version: it does not have spanish language.- If You choose a country like Colombia-Bogota, the date and Hour is totally wrong.- When You choose to set manually the date and hour, the next time You turn on the phone this setting is changed toanother totally wrong. So when you chat with a partner the hour that the application shows is totally wrong.I have tried to configure this in many ways but  there is nothing to do. I surrender !!Conclusion: I need some kind of actualization for latin america.2-  The battery is not for long time (one day with no so many use), so I had to buy two extra batteries with battery charger.3-  The sound for music is not very good, and if You increase the volume level it is worst. Good if you use headphones only.4-  It Does not have a way to program the device to turn off and on.In summary, I dont recommend this device if You live in latin america.

This device is awesome  its nicely built but watch out for scratches,the screen is beautiful bright and has great detail,great phone if you want a price buster with some decent specs. don't waste time, and the purchase was smooth and shipping lightening fast very happy with my purchase phone is a great contender. Oh and it has a really fast browser i'm writing this from my phone btw.:))

For unknown reason the phones just went up in smoke! The battery probably over charged. I am very sad this happened

i'm very happy with my purchase, i love the cell, it's very thin, the screen its huge and i have no problems with the menu and the applications.

First of all it is a big phone, and the display isn't that big, it is abour the design. But the two main problems are: IT IS NOT OTA UPGRADABLE so you need to instal the framework manually and flash it or root it, I was looking for a phone that hasn't to do any of that because I get bored of custom room (I have a rooted Desire). After I manually upgrade to 4.1 I was hoping it will be more fast but it isn`t. IT IS VERY SLOOOW, for example if I am viewing th bbm and I close it to take a pic the phone takes 1 or 2 minutes to open the camera... It is a quadcore processor and my single old phone do it more quickly. So I really don't recomend this phone. It has some good stuff like great gaming perfomance witout lags at maximun graphics, battery life is ok, almost a day with a lot of use, the camera its ok whit clear photos at night or day but whe you put it in hdr it took a while to take a pic. So for daily use its a big dissapointment but in gaming it is great.

El telefono llego en buenas condiciones y es tal cual es descrito en la pagina.Muy rapido y la pantalla es muy buena, me parece que esta a buen precio.Hasta ahora no he tenido ningun problema con el.

The phone Was a good choice,perfect if you want to save money and get the power of a  high gamma smart phone, its unlocked(I'm using the phone in Central America) And it came with a. ac adapter.I didnt get 5 star cause the phone didnt come with spanish languaje. Another point, it comes with android 4.0 and its a little dificult to upgrade to jelly bean if you dont have any experience on it (its my first android, i came from ios).I recommend this seller.Fue una buena eleccion, perfecto si quieres ahorrar dineroe y tener las posibilidades de un telefono gama alta , como lo dice, esta desbloqueado ( estoy usando la red claro en centro america sin ningun problema) y viene con un adaptador para el cargador, ya que el que trae esta dise&ntilde;ado para Europa.No le doy 5 estrellas ya que el telefono no trae el idioma espa&ntilde;ol de entrada. Otro punto es que no viene con la ultima actualizacion de android, y es un poco engorroso el modo de actualizarlo, sobre todo si nunca lo hubieses hecho antes ( vengo de IOS).El vendedor, recomendado, el paquete llego 2 dias antes de lo estimado (A una direccion en USA).

the phone itself is as promised but when i got it the phone had a few problems 1. u cant hear the call unless u r on speaker or earphones the normal  way because the phone wont work and u cant hear calls2. after half a year the earphone jack thing dident work anymore so i was bassicaly stuck with only speaker on this phone :(3.like most android phones it crashes if u are multi tasking lets say surfing on he internet and listening to musoic and then u get a call u try to answetr and boom the phone crashes and turns off .

Great... i don't have to say more words about this Smartphone.... very fast... big screen... the PC software sucks, NOKIA have the best Smartphone applications and PC Applications for Smartphones. But i really love this celular.

Great phone, just the only 2 bad things about it - Battery go low quick and when playing game the phone get hot!.

i like this phone , it's better than iphone and samsung , and the price is really cheap comparing with the other phones ..
