
I got this one for my sister one year ago, now she decided move to an Iphone 4, I have to say that her experience with her first android wasn't well at all. When the cell phone arrived she was very excited, as soon as I leave the box in her hands, she run to open it. Some months after that she hate this phone because the memory is very small, it takes a lot of time to open facebook or WhatsApp. She had to upgrade the version of Android because from factory it includes 2.3 (Gingerbread), had to purchase a wall charger due to this product is for Europe and the charger doesn't fit in America's outlets. So this is my summary review:Pros:- Good price to get a unlocked new phone.- is so lightweight.- The display is wide enough.Cons:- The wall charger doesn't fit in America's outlets.- The version's factory is 2.3 (Gingerbread).- a very very tight memory size (512 Mb) so you'r going to wait a lot to open any application after 3 months of use.- You can't get screen protector or case that fits perfect to this phone since is not a popular model.

I hadn't seen this phone in &#34;real life&#34; before buying it, but after I received it, I was absolutely happy with its look and performance. Great value for money. (Excuse my English)

I BOUGHT THIS PHONE FOR INTERNATIONAL USE. IT WORKED VERY WELL. I WILL RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE TRAVELING OUTSIDE THE COUNTY

I wont be getting into the phone`s specifics, but im glad to say it is just what i wanted and even more. It has fulfilled all my needs and even more. This smartphone comes with a lot of features and specially the memory which i was looking forward too. Shipping came in time.

The operating system is ridiculously slow. Everytime time I exit an application it takes at least 5 secs for my apps to show up on the phone. When I use the speakerphone option while on a call, it cuts off frequently on its own. I sometimes receive multiple text messages although the sender only sent it one time. Phone calls don't always go through. This is by far the worst phone I ever purchased. I will never buy another LG.

the screen is big and very bright, great speed. the phone is just amazing and is all and more that the info say.

exelente

The phone is excelent. The only problem i have is that the software comes with some app in chinesse and english. Thanks

This phone is amazing. it's like a mini laptop.The multitude of aplications downloaded on the phone keep me in touch with the world -weather, news, email, facebook...Its internal memory it's so big that i can download movies, i can record videos and still have enough memory for games or applications.It has lots of themes, lockers, widgets..I just love it, i wouldn't trade it for an iphone.

Good product and as described...the price is little bit expensive but overall good price for this nice cell phone...

love it ,big, light, great  features ,great cam , love the wi-fi  ,gps ,great memory great for any age ,and not 2 expansive easy 2 navigate even 4 people who did not have before a full touch screen ......one word GREAT THE BEST PHONE I EVER HAD

This cellphone is excellent. The image is clear and all the functions works great. I recommend it to anyone who wants to have a cheap but functional cellphone.

I've had about 2 months to play around with the phone and am very pleased so far. I owned a HTC Inspire for 2 years before purchasing this so my battery and performance expectations were already pretty achievable. The phone arrived fairly quickly and came with a male micro-usb to male usb cable, an AC to female usb wall adapter and all the manuals. After the first initial charge I plugged in my SIM card and turned it on. I'm currently on a Family Mobile cell plan and works just fine after a few setting changes. Search for Family Mobile APN settings and it will show you how to configure your phone.Hardware:The phone is very sleek. I bought the white model and get compliments on how nice the phone looks frequently. At first I was surprised at how light it was but now the weight seems very natural. Some people dislike lighter phones because they don't feel as sturdy but it personally doesn't bother me. The back cover has a bit of a flimsy feel to it, but unless you're swapping out SIMs, MicroSDs or batteries frequently you won't notice it that much. The physical home button, the volume rocker and the tactile back and menu buttons are all sturdy and responsive. The screen lock button on the top right of the phone seems too recessed into the phone for my liking, but i'm sure it helps with not accidentally unlocking your screen. The AUX jack on the top left of the phone gives a snug fit and makes good contact with the male end of the cord.Software:To start out, I absolutely love Ice Cream Sandwich. It combines aesthetically pleasing menus with tons of features. One of my main concerns with buying this phone was everyone's complaint about the single core processor. My old HTC Inspire was also a single core processor phone so maybe that's why I don't notice it that much but i've yet to experience any sort of significant lag. This being said, I also compulsively hold the home button down and close any applications i'm done using so it doesn't eat up my process allowance and battery. I'm sure if you were to leave tons of apps running in the background or if you game on your phone it might under perform for you. Video watching on this phone is very enjoyable as well. Whether it be internet streaming or a local file the picture quality is quite impressive. Playing a Blueray quality video file on the phones stock video app plays without lag or buffering which is a huge plus. Screen brightness ranges from very bright to almost off but lacks an auto brightness feature. Rooting was fairly easy once I found the right software. I could not SuperOneClick it but the LG flash tool worked fine. The camera takes decent quality pictures, but the flash is weak. This is a main weak point for me because I like to use my phone as a flashlight, but now I can't.Battery Life:This was the main feature that drew me to the phone. The battery life on the HTC Inspire is HORRIBLE so I wanted to make sure not to make the same mistake twice. Average life seems to be around 12 hours with medium use for me. Juicedefender helps quite a bit, but I also have screen brightness set to 60% (which is pretty bright). I mostly only text, browse the web, and make the occasional phone call so I think 12 hours is pretty reasonable. On the HTC Inspire I would have got 3 hours, so no complaints here. The one thing i've found to REALLY kill the battery is streaming movies and music on your mobile network. When you're connected to Wifi it's not as noticeable, which I almost always am, but for some reason mobile internet drains it. Light to no use and I think the battery would last well over 24 if not 36 hours.Overall I'm still in love with this phone, especially for the price. For someone who is not on a contract (which I am not) ICS + good battery life + factory unlock + sleek design + under $200 = an awesome phone.TLDRPros:Interchangable long life batteryIce Cream SandwichAttractiveLightCheapCons:Low intensity flashCould be sluggish for some usersAwkward screen off button

I have been using this phone for three wkxs now and can't get the 3g and 4g my network comes with,What surprise me most is that, I'm on a it either browsing or typing a message then the phone just goes blankThen back to my home screen.I'm some how getting disappointed. can some one help please?

i love that phone ,its very nice and  the shipping was very fast ,so whoever wanted to purchase an android phone, that one is going to be the best one  . thanks amazon

This is a very nice phone with an incredible screen, very good construction quality and a very smooth interface and implementation of Android.  A lot of bang for the buck!!Very recommended.

This was the 2nd time I had purchased this phone for my child, although the first time I purchased it through a different company and paid WAY more. The phone was shipped very fast, and she is still using it with no issues!

Nice phone, but battery default. I am looking for a way to return this phone to the seller.

great !!!!!!! i really like it which i could get more of the upgrade of the cell phone its awesome

I got just what I ask for, and it took lest time than expected.  The cellphone is just fine. Don't know yet if is the network where I live, but the navigation should be faster.

excellent phone I really liked the touch screen is fast wifi what more I liked that it was updated and I came with the Spanish language I have no words to describe it thoroughly recommended by the company from Wireless Everything I had to pay extra the actulizacion and changing idioma.estoy happy with this purchase.

This phone did not work for me, they sent it to me and it wouldn't keep a charge. So they sent me a new battery and that didnt even last a whole day. I ended up sending it back because i was tired of dealing with it...

I've had this phone for a little over a month now. The phone cannot find the 4g that comes with my network service (T-Mobile) and since I bought the phone unlocked, I tried to put another sim card with a different company (AT&T) it still couldn't find the 4g or 3g. Also, the phone does not automatically remember the WiFi setting and if the screen goes to sleep, I will either have to wait for it to find the WiFi again or start it back up manually/ When trying to download more than one app or play a game/Facebook while trying to download something in the background, the phone runs slower. When trying to use the zoom on the camera, the photos don't come out very well. On the upside, the sleek look & light weight make for easy carrying and the screen is HUGE (but watching attempting to watch Netflix with the app is a joke!) I love the shortcuts and all other features on the phone & for the price (~$220 + unlocked/no warranty) it's a good bang for your buck, but in today's high-end Smart Phone world, I wouldn't recommend purchasing this phone.

I ordered an Lg Optimus L7  that cost me $179.99 from this seller back in late May 2013. Recently(July 2013) the phone started giving me major problems, the phone can no longer make or receive calls. I contacted Amazon about the issue and they told me to contact this seller. They told me to contact Lg for my warranty, Lg then told me since i had purchased an &#34;unlocked&#34; phone they can basically can do nothing for me. I was then told by Lg to reach out to my service provider to sort the issue out. They then told me to contact the manufacture because the phone was now defective.I then called back Amazon who then filed an &#34;A to Z Claim&#34;. I received an email a few hours later stating that my claim has been denied, the 30 day period was up. I then called amazon asked the person over the phone to look at my account at all the heart-ache i was going through and they told their was nothing they could do for me. I went through amazon.com to buy a phone cost me $179.99  and a few months later the phone is defective. I take care of my phones  I never drop them or anything of the sort that would cause the phone to malfunction.Amazon and Wireless Everything will steal your money.

This is my first smart phone, so I think it is a good one to start with. Only one problem I have run into, but not big enough for me to return it. On occasion, when using the dial pad, it will go blank and I have to keep pressing it back on. I mainly use the phone for locating places and for apps like my bank, restaurant locator, cheap gas locator... that type of stuff. Also, I text more than I talk on my phone and that has been working well.

love it my new phone, is perfect, really great and everything work perfect! i'm very happy Lo recomiendo, trabaja con todo, estoy muy feliz

For the price it many not be that bad. But overall I would rather spend few more bucks for a better phone.

The phone is great. Consider something smaller if you have a small hand. Wi-Fi works great, and it works great on T-Mobile.

estoy muy feliz desde que me llego me encanto muy rapido el diseno muy bien estoy feliz con el telefono

Needs a sims card but yeah im happy with it. Very light with a big screen and it does what it should.

this product is nice and sleek.howevere, this is 2g which means that it is extremely slow.I'd rather spend a few more dollars and buy a faster one.Thank you for reading my review.

This cellphone doesn't work whit networks WCDMA just whit networks GSM. It's terrible because the internet is very slow, doesn't work in 3G just whit Edge.

Awesome phone! Mine is white and comes in English version, I bought it from Dac Enterprises a few weeks ago, It's intelligent and responsive with latest Android OS.The software is updated remotely by LG, All apps and functions are working and easy to use with T. Mobile service, it switches on to wifi whenever I'm home, works like a mini laptop..., once I installed my gmail account as primary,  all my contacts list, google drop box etc..even my searches from my PC show up on my  phone automatically and it's ready to go,  the screen is a very good size, only slight problem is the battery which lasts barely a day, even with average usage. I ordered a hard rubberized case from Moon case for the back cover which is a bit thin.The price is very reasonable, I'm looking forward to use it on my trips to Europe. I totally recommend it.

I am thoroughly satisfied with this product in every way. I would recommend this product to others in the future.Thank you,

The phone is way to slow for smartphone. It is sooooooooooo lag that i have to restart my phone everyday. Not recommend for those who like to play game or surf web. It is super slow to carry out those functions.

excelente

I bought this phone for my daughter in the Phils and she loves it. It came on time & in perfect shape.

It seems like the product was made for a 3rd world country still have the 220 volt connection.  the Dealer sent me a plug so it can work for USA and had the excuse that it comes like that from Korea.  It was almost like a stolen product being sold on the street and when I sent it back they took 15 percent off my payment and I also lost money on sending it back.  I lost almost $30 off off of this product.  I will not by from AMAZON for a long time to come.

excelent

I didn't sent me the Unlocked International GSM version, this is a lie, Id get a CDMA version that doesn't work at my country, they did not sold what they offer. Im really upset about this.

I just bought this for my cousin but I know will love it, wide screen and easy navigation. It comes with charger, english manual and ear phones. Its factory unlocked no logos like at n t or T mobile

I would like to change the equipment or reimburse me the money because it is technology, and in my country 3g is super slow work without it

It's a nice phone, and works great. so far no proble.

It does not come with headphones, and it DOES NOT COME UNLOCKED, IT COMES LOCKED!!!!! BY ORANGE!! Why does the tittle says unlocked, when it doesn't?...

Nice phone, but doesn't work with 3g Movistar in Venezuela.. But i really really really like it, worth the price.

Love the phone. Nice looking and very modern. I was able to useit overseas with a different carrier, no problem.Thank you

My first time buying a cellphone on Amazon. The phone is brand new and it works well. I have No complaints.

It is a really good cellphone. It has a lot of features and the price is reasonable. It is not heavy and easy to work with.

its a nice phone. Works well in Venezuela. Compete with other brands like Samsung and Sony but cheaper. I received it on time.

Item specifications are wrong. It says "dual core" it is not true. The phone is very slow. It won't download two apps simultaneously, it gets frozen. No matter the kind app. I turned it back after a day. I decided to get a Chinese no brand. It was faster, but it broke after 4 days of use, the screen lost 80% quality.[...]

I never used it but my wife loves it .. she can't keep her face out of it . But I must the optimus l7 is for the average android user, its not a power house . occasional web browsing pushing emails and modern gaming is pretty much good this phone is good for.the sensor in the phone is really strong she has a ok signal everywhere she goes even out in Royal areas.

The phone looks beautiful and cute but it is very frustrating using it. It freezes on me, very very very slow. When you give it a command, it takes forever to execute the command. Am disappointed with its usage and am not enjoying it. If there is any suggestion to enhance its performance, i will welcome it. thanks.

I bought for my friend because he had a birthday party but he said me that it is not working now.. He lives in Turkey

this is a nice cel. the price is worth and it works very well. The Apps work fast and good

exelente

It is not an iphone but worth every penny if you need a unlocked data phone.I found that the WiFi strenght for reception a bit disappointing. The menu isintuitive and easy to navigate.

My first impression of the phone is that its really pretty and slim. I like the way it feels on my hand; light but the texture in the back makes it feel durable. One of the best thing about getting this phone is that it offers free wifi so you don't have to commit into a data plan with every other smartphone out there. I'm always surrounded in wifi at phone, school, and atlanta is just swarming with hotspots for wifi. I got this phone for $120 when I signed a new contract my with tmobile dealer. You won't generally find this phone in most tmobile stores though. We went to an asian tmobile store that offers international phones.Anyways its been like two days since I've played around with this beauty. Lemme get down to business. You will not be happy watching video on this. The resolution is crap. Pictures are okay and the icecream sandwich wallie is really nice. I read several reviews about how slow the internet is being that the receptor for the wifi is made for the asian market. This is true. Initially it was crap slow. You can make it alot faster by changing the wifi setting to GMS & CDMA. There is three option for either or and both. After changing that setting I noticed the internet speed was moving a lot faster.If you're not on a data plan make sure to disable the data roaming option.  Every once in a while the phone does get glitchy but overall for the price I guess its a really great phone. There are tons of apps preloaded in there. You can also registered for the LG smartworld but its not required once you tap into the android market. The email was frustrating to set up at first but I think that was due to the laggy wifi. PolarisOffice can open PDFs yay *happy dance* Transfering music, pictures, and files into the phone is relatively easy.Overall I'm really happy with my phone.

excellent quality product, very satisfied my expectations fulfilled by the article,,,, I recommend to everyone, very useful and necessary article for personal use

I do not like because it only comes in English and Korean, Spanish no. Korea brings many applications, which tube to clear up space because not only useless to me. Should you place in that language comes to that one is aware.

It is really a nice phone. You will not regret buying it. The graphics are so clear and bright. Trust me you would love it!!!!!!!!!!

it was not unlocked for the Caribbean even though it stated international i am not please it is costing more to have it unlocked

IT'S OK

the only problem is the phone came with chinesse layout, so it is dificult to understand, and I had to chance to english because it hadnt spanish too, but the phone si great

I hate my lg optimus,it freezes constantly,makes loud beeping noise intermittently when i make a call,most of the time when i try to make a call,it will pause for upto 30 seconds before it actually makes the call,.sometimes the screen will freeze to where i cannot input my screen password ,currently it has little numbers and letters permanently on the top left side of the screen scrolling up and down,many times i will try and call someone and it will call someone else,terrible experience im having with this phone.

Really bad quality camera and slow phone, the same day that a get my phone I just hate it :( my first and las LG phone.

It's very cool looking,slim, 2 cameras (front and back). But I do not recommend you buy this b/c it's running as slow as you want to break it...

It is a perfect phone for those who need to use applications easily. The camera is pretty good, but could be better. The advantage is the touch screen and large numbers!

good, I like it very much, is very fashion for my botfriend and he love it a lot :) .

I buy few of those phones for some of my friends. Actually I buy one and everybody liked it, so I buy for them few unlocked phones ( I leave in Trinidad). The last phone I buy for my friend, came here locked. I was very upset because the shipment cost me almost 100USD and  to send it back it cost me another 100USD  shipping + taxes) so I send a &#34;bad&#34; review to the supplier. Mr. Jake send me an e-mail stating that it was a mistake and he is willing to make it up for me only to remove the &#34;bad review&#34;. I, like a truly christian and innocent,  thought that he is feeling sorry for the mistake and he will send the money to unlocked the phone ( so he let me understand in his e-mail). Of course since the moment I delete the bad review I never heard about Mr. Jake again. I just want to tell mr. Jake that that was not nice of him especially as a manager of HassleFreeCell. People will not trust you if you do like that.

For the money, its not a bad product, the LG upgraded to jelly bean 3mo after I got it, then it slowed down

i like it but i think its a little sloww as a customer had advertise me! but works well, and its very useful and fashionable. its perfect for me, in this color is soooo cute, and enough thin for women, its comfortable. i recommend it!

Superb product. Large screen. OS version is the latest and fastest version. Camera 5 MP, ok. All types of videos are played. Headphones give superb effect of the songs. But the mobile comes with lots of chinese or korean apps. And at first it's in chinese or korean language, didn't know what to do. Even the User guide is in that language. So by trial or error method changed the language and got my breath. But overall super phone.

cheapest on its class and also worse. Id get better other one used mint on ebay for that price. awright.

I request and pay for a white one and I finally get one in black, that I found wrong in the phone .

Not Spanish or French languages, many apps in chinese for use in taiwanese networks. Not recommed this model P705 for use in this continent

it is great phone

At first I was thinking twice on buying this phone but took the risk. It arrived new with the seal unbroken & I have been using the phone for 1month and it is working perfectly. No complaints after all.

excelent!

Nice phone, pretty, work good, have everything that kids need. Good and not expensive for a smart phone.Essay to use

All things I wish for was met. I love this product. very satisfying and user friendly. very fast and elegant.

The phone I received sealed with all accessories and brand new, the shipment was very fast, the phone itself is a team of limited skills and pretty slow for my taste.

has damage to an internal chip is ruined very quickly, I lost my money investing in this cell, don't buy

This phone is extremely slow. It takes forever to even call someone and my apps constantly crash. I've had cheaper used phones that were way better than this phone.

Very nice phone on most fronts. Only real complaint is it is a little low on RAM, so no really big apps or games can be run on it, even if the CPU or other hardware could handle it.I've had it for about 2 months or so as of this review, pretty satisfied with it so far. Will return to edit if any surprises occur.

The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because the back cover case is kind of flimsy (feels like pretty cheap/light weight plastic). Everything is very snappy/responsive when I use the touch screen and navigate apps. The battery life is great . It's on standby most of the time, but it's been three days and I haven't had to recharge my phone yet. Overall I prefer this phone over my previous phone (an iphone 3g).

The phone is working as it is expected, except the camera. Whenever I open the phone camera. It's all black. I'm still trying to figure out how to use the camera of this phone. The rest it's ok.

The phone was in Chinese. I had a hard time trying to change to English. I like it. The first thing that I like the most is the phone is light and flimsy. However, under the sun, I can't see clearly the screen. Sometimes, I use facebook  to talk with my friends and the app closed by itself.

I didn't find options to use 3G. It only gives option to use either 2G only. which are WCDMA or GSM. So the internet is very slow when wifi is not available.Other than this - the screen is good. camera is ok. A little bit slow. Anyway $200 should be good deal.

I LOVE this phone!  It's a mini computer!  Highly recommended!  The price is great  and the phone is easy to set up.  Just insert SIM card and SD card.  I had an issue with receiving and sending pics but that was resolved with a phone call to my service provider.

This is my first time Buying a cellphone on amazon. Because of that, i spent a lot of time doing research about this model BEFORE buying.First impressions of the phone made me very happy. Its very thin and sleek. Has a very good grip but just in case, buy a TPU cover for it.The screen is amazing! It has Properties pertaining High-end Cellphones like gorilla glass and such. Sturdy and scratch resistant, It makes it a very good screen.Opening the Back case is a little messy hehe but nothing to worry about. Inside the battery case you will see that this phone supports micro SD cards, up to 32 GB if my memory serves me well.Another thing you will see is that it Uses a standard sized SIM CARD, so no worries there unless you have a micro SIM CARD. In the same area you will notice that this phone LACKS NFC CAPABILITIES . Although this was one of the reasons i bought it, it is still a superb phone so no problems there. The reason for the lack of NFC is that this phone is an asian version, thus the model number 705. The P700 however , has NFC capabilities .It has a 5 megapixels Camera on the back too. My test Photos are very good. Of course Remember that this is NOT  a camera, it is a phone.This phone has a CPU processor of 1GHZ and aside of that, a GPU of 200 MHz so its not dual core but it plays games , videos and music  with a very good performance. It also has 2.72 GB of internal storage. It says 4 in the description but it doesn't account for the OS so , that's it. Ram is 512 MB which is also very good and decent for a phone.Ok going For the front side of the phone you will see a notification led, and a light sensor . These two work as intended. At their side you will see a 1.2 megapixels camera, Ideal for Skype and Video Calls because it wont need to transmit a lot of high resolution video data.You will see 3 buttons. The psychical one its the home button , very simple and elegant. the other two buttons are soft touch  so they only light up when you touch the center one or if you are using the phone.On the Software side, It has Android 4.0 with an upcoming update  from LG  this year (2013). Android Runs very fast in this phone . Has a very good Integration with the hardware at disposal. Applications can be and will be installed in this phone .Live wallpaper runs smoothly. Wireless is excellent, because it recognizes 2,4 and 5 GHZ wi-fi networks.  GPS it's very exact although i do believe you will need a wireless connection for it to work. Need to test it and i'll update the review then .Another thing. This phone Being an Asian version comes with Chinese as the default language set. you will need to change it and it will promptly show at power up a message , you should choose the left option and it will prompt a language list. Sorry latin american folks but it has no Spanish/Espa&ntilde;ol so use english or whatevs.Another thing worth of notice. This phone will work In VENEZUELA, But only with two operators, Movilnet  and Movistar. I'm not sure if Digitel Works but you should check the Frequency Range of this or any phone first  before buying as common senseOverall this phone is a excellent choice . I give it 9/10 points. Pretty, fast and spectacular. The Seller, Hasslefreecell Sent with the phone  a charger adapter. It wasn't necessary but it was very thoughtful of them .One thing You must remember, This is no Samsung S3/S2 Phone, nor an Iphone, Not a tablet. But it will prove reliable with office applications and such .Have a nice day.Thanks for reading this.Update 10-03-2013:This is Something I Promised So here it  is.I was trying the GPS and yes, it do works without Data plans or wireless connection.The thing is  it is not bulls eye precision, so you will have to adapt to it hehe.Of course if you are on the outside with the GPS on, Wifi on/data plan on , Then you will get more accurate measures.The other Thing i found out is this.A lot of users here are asking/complaining  about the lack of 3G/EDGE/GPRS/ETC data frequencies.Well the solution to this is that one must set the APN settings for the carrier of your choice so if you are in  Venezuela or other country, then try to contact your carrier about this, or look it up on the web :3, that's what i did and it worked, so that is my advice to you.Well that is mostly what i found out in this time. Phone still is rocking out, battery lasting almost 3 days with moderate use, hard as hell to scratch the screen, you get the idea. One word of advice:If you have trouble picking wi-fi signal with this cellphone , barring some exceptional circumstances, it's not probably your cellphone, It is the router.I ran into some trouble with an old router so if you have this kind of trouble, you might want to change it.That is all.Thanks again for reading this.End Update 10/03/2013Update 02/04/2013Well, LG never ceases to amaze me .This update is about the OS Software Update (*Snort*) That LG released this year 2013. This means that Now everyone has Android 4.1.2 JellyBeans Installed on your shiny LG P705. Now you all might be asking, What does this means for our cellphone? Well I'll try to point the most relevant points about this OS upgrade.All the Native applications have been revamped. They look really good and now they all have a biggest array of options.The user interface has been improved too. Now you can select the brightness of the phone, switch on/off your data plan, turn on/off power saver, turn on/off wifi hotspot,turn on/off airplane mode and turn on / off screen rotation without entering the system menu.The System fonts are now bolder so you can see everything better. This i like because it uses the screen at it's full.Be prepared. When you Update, all the Native apps the cellphone had (the chinese ones. I removed those at buying) Are going to install again. So get ready to uninstall most of them.Videos Look better than ever. I suppose they upgraded the codecs or something. Sound keeps being excellent.With AnTuTu Benchmark , before the update i got 3360 points. Now it has 4245. So now it goes faster hehe.The update comes with Google Now, which seems to be a great app as far I've tested. Good design and excellent usability.One Warning with Firefox explorer. If you try to update it and you get an error about data package, Uninstall it and then install it.Now, About how to update. You might try to Update it OTA but it might prompt a message about needing LG PC SUITE to update.So you should get LG PC SUITE as soon as possible from Lg official web. After install and cellphone connection, it will prompt you a message about the update. Be sure to connect your phone over USB CABLE, because for some weird reason, Wi-Fi would not work. (maybe because wifi might be unstable for a update???). Anyway the update process shouldn't take too long.Unless you choose to do a backup. I did it and it just took 20 min longer so it's up to you to back up (pro tip: do the backup).Well, that's all, Mostly. Ill test the phone more thoroughly to see what else changed.Rest assured that your phone will keep being an excellent phone. Only Better.Thanks for reading the update :3End Update 02/04/2013Update 26/05/2013Hello all, this is a new update for this cellphone review. This update is about a software upgrade that came out this day for me. It was signed with may 5 date and had 2,22 MB of data downloaded. It downloaded fast and updated faster. I haven't noted any changes in the phone's software, but it is a little faster.This update is probably a response to some screw up from google that is now flipping out with the location access of a lot of apps.Let's hope this works out for us .About the phone, it is still working fine. It has so much gumption that it is basically insane, and it is still rocking out.Bye, i'll update as needed.End Update 26/05/2013Update 16/06/2013New Update: The phone Had a major OS update this 16/6/2013. As the update said, 52 apps were updated, this seems about the internet app, saying that it has been revamped to have more speed when you navigate. I could not read all the update message  but i have noticed a bit of speed navigation increase in the phone.The update downloaded 15 mb of data Aprox. I haven't seen any major changes in the phone, except some cosmetic ones and a little increase in the software speed.The test with Antutu Benchmark actually dropped the score to 3186,tho i think it was because i have a lot less memory available now but who cares hehe.In all everything is well. Points To LG for having such a good support service, even overseas.The phone still is keeping up as a mobile gadget, so i can still suggest it as a good item.Bye all ,have a nice day.End Update 16/06/2013

hello how are you, I'm from Venezuela and I would buy this phone. I've been in Internet forums and many say they can not be placed in Spanish and also having problems with 3G internet and H! could help me on this? Thank you.

Friendly. main advantage is the battery life. very good screen resolution.  The micro processor is a little slow but I recommend it.

Nice phone. If you choice that you  will have a nice phone. Im having good experince with this one phone

OK, first time buying a phone from Amazon. I like the unlocked feature, the price, the operating system and did I say the price? Good looking phone, big screen, easy to use and hold. A little slippery but case is coming. Great volume, sound! My other phone did not do well in speaker mode, too quiet. This one is much louder. This was a "high tech" phone just a year ago so to buy this for $175.00 is great. Using new service too, Ultra, which is really just a T-Mobile reseller but much cheaper. 29.00 per month for unlimited talk and data. For me it works very well. Again, great phone at a very good price. Much better than a lot of new offerings out there. Unlocked is the way to go.This appears to be the European model as it came in European "english" which made the set up faster. Takes good, very good, pictures too.A very good buy I would say. Delivered fast and was New In Box. Came with all the usual stuff...just need case and screen protector.

This cellphone looks very elegant and really slim in fact at first sight, the problem is that since i download the first aplication (whatsap)  it begin to re-start by himself and when i get to conect any wi-fi it stays in stan-by and shut down o simply paralized. i tought that the reazon was need of space so i bought a memorycard of 8gb and also continues shuting down. the front camera looks alwas dark even in a good ilumination. In Venezuela it runs 3g only with DIGITEL. In resume i did waste my money. Sucks

i ordered this phone everything was ok, but in three weeks it stopped receiving signal, when i went to LG center i was told that the part which is responsible to receive the GSM signal burnt down and this part costs almost the same as phone. im very disappointed.

trust me, at first everything was great but once u start downloading app the phone gets really slow, freezes even shuts of when im trying to upload pics on instagram.. Its not worth it trust me, im about to sell this s***, thats if i can get much cash on it...-_-

you need a galaxy with android and the new tendences but no have a lot of money? well this phone is the solution and really make a good job.

I am writing to inform you that last week I went to pick up my package to my locker called BEST PACKING; which contained 2 Cell Phone LG Optimus L7 P705 (white), whose order numbers are: 113-1212012-8973023 and 113-9138242-9628230; and Tracking #: 1Z6W20721361218060 .... 1 phone is damaged, it will not start. The serial of the phone case is IMEI: 356536-05-402323-2.

I bought 3 of these cellphones, the first came perfectly but then when the other 2 arrived they did not come with the charger connector, the box had the cable but not the connector to plug it in to the electric outlet so that is a really BIG MISTAKE so I am not place do not want to sound mean but how am I suppose to charge the device. Please be careful in the future so this does not happen with other customers.

This is a GREAT phone, BUT it is running a single core 1Ghz CPU NOT I repeat NOT a dual core 1.5ghz CPU.this is NOT cool!!

Is a good phone, has a big screeen a good display, has android 4, has a friendly interfase, and is new.

bought one for my mom, she's a basic user so i decided for an L7, anyway, at first sight feels heavy when you look at the animations and transitions, i had to install kitkat 4.4 custom ROM to give it back some free space and remove bloatware, even facebook put L7 slow so thats why i decided to do that

Love this phone. It's the right color and it did came unlocked, wich i was kind of worried because of some people's comments. The only bad thing its that the charger adapter came in in the uk version and in my country (Venezuela) we can't use it, that's why i gave it 4 stars.

They should put more information about the phone, for example more information about bands 3G / UMT / HSPA because I bought the phone for use in Venezuela and I only work with operator ... (I speak of 3G) .. Now I feel I lost my money

This phone works like a tablet.. Has adequaTe space too. I love it... thhis lg is my galaxy and iphone in one. It workz just as good. The only fault is that sometimes when am using facebook or google the phone comes of the app and go back to home screen. This annoys me ....

Unfortunately it doesn't work with T-Mobile 3G network. Check your mobile phone carrier frequencies before buying a cell phone. Very good sensitivity on 2G network.

VERY VERY NICEI LOVE ITLG is not so good, but this phone is good!very very nice cool

I love this Phone is amazing  very Good  purchase  , the phone comes with  a lot  of languages, incluyendo spanish, o love this phone!!!!

Excelente Product I'm Happy with my new cellphone, is fast, very elegant and friendly. Works perfectly with Movistar in Venezuela I only had to add the APN.. Well I'm done. My cellphone is Just Great! Good price and excellent specs!

Cumple con todas las espectativas, muy versatil y funcional liberado, la configuraci&ograve;n es simple sin complicaciones. Meets all expectations, very versatile and functional release, configuration is simple without complications.

Is what you expect for the price, works ok, minimal lag, well made, good finishing, comes with android 4.1.2 (you can get the un-official update to 4.2.2 from the web), call quality ok, runs the latest games with decent performance, and the lg apps are usefull, recomended.

Good cell fast batery real good one problem doe not come on spanish beside that i like it alot real good fone

I have Had Many Different Phones, But This One Was The Best. I LOVE MY PHONE!!!! If Your Lookin For This Phone Buy It. It Froze On Me One Time Because I Was Moving It To Fast. Would Recommend This Phone.

Upon my initial receipt, I was unable to provide a thorough review, as it was a Christmas gift for my tween.  Once activated on the T-Mobile network, and given a chance to test it thoroughly (voice, email, web and apps), I have nothing but the best to say about this phone.  It performs great, has great sound quality and has many great extras to play around with.  The screen is clear and smooth to touch commands.  I highly reccomend this phone.  In fact, I ordered one for myself, as it is a great deal vs. having to pay a high price to upgrade with my carrier.

-  Muy buen equipo, no le hace falta nada.-  Posee un precio aceptable.-  Ofrece mas de lo que aparenta.

i love it

this item is top quality this item is top quality i am very please with this product it deserves to be 5 star rating easy

I do notvrecommend you this item because is nice, has good resolution, can use micro SD, but mine came with screen sensor damaged, so when I answer a call, I cannot hang up :(.

phone is easy to use , beautiful wide screen.very light and comfortable to use. great sound quality. I love the white color more. simply amazing

I want this phone, but doesn't have all frecuencies needed... some countries the 3G doesn't work becase the 850 MHz frecuency is not in que equipment. In market, other smartphones are fast tan this.

This phone met my expectations, is lightweight good screen resolution, easy to use. and excellent operating system. In summary versatile.

Great phone,I bought it for my son after buying a no-name Chinese phone which got broken just after a monthVery fancy device, fluid in the use. My son love it, me too.The vendor was great and everything was just as described.Thanks

I love the cellphone. The only downside that I found is that the battery only lasts one day, but I already get used to bring my charger everywhere I go. I also found out that the android system gives problems now and then, sometimes it gets stuck.

Thanks, I'm very satisfied with my smartphones nothing more to add to this articles. The only problem is that the box the phone came destroyedVery Soon we will be in touch again

good morning, I need some information, and I'm in Venezuela and I need to know if the specifications of the phone, you can operate the bands co 3G Network HSDPA 900/1900/2100?
