
i ordered this phone thinking it was a sprint unlocked phone and it was a verizon phone with a sprint back plate on it So make sure your wireless company will take this before ordering its just kind of dumb when you order something and its not what it says it is bad vendor wont be ordering from them again unless they can make it right but it doesn't look like there going to do that because it wont let me exchange it next time just send me what i ordered and don't try to trick people into ordering something a sprint phone when its a verizon phone just tell the truth

It was defective and the company that sold it to me tried to say it wasn't ..the menu button overlapped the home button area which is close to the space bar and when typing it caused a whole host of things to go wrong.  It was a nightmare experiance dealing with them and I am glad that my diligence paid off and I recovered my money.

Despite the fact that there are other newer phones out there, this phone still does a great job with better than average speed. It is also thin and sleek and really provides you with a good alternative to the Iphone 4 or 5. The fact that I have with Sprint makes it that much better as the service has been great. I have very rarely gotten a dropped call. The times I do get them it is because of the other user and their cell service.

My only complaint is when I received my phone the previous owners account was still active/ I had a few hoops to jump through with sprint. But this company communicated well with me and the issue was resolved smoothly. So be aware anyone buying online! Other than that my phone was in excellent condition and helps me get through til my contract is up

Works perfectly!  We purchased the phone for my son and he is very happy with it! Thanks for a good value!

I love this phone.  It works great. The sound is clear, as are the pictures I take.  I am very pleased with this purchase.

My order was shipped to me wrong the first time.l order a Sprint Galaxy slll and I was sent a phone that had Sprint cover on a T-mobile phone. I gave the seller the opportunity to correct the problem. They sent another phone and it didn't work. Im sorry my order didn't work out because Iwas looking forward to getting my newphone.

Yes it was fine.

was very pleased with phone it was exactly as descripted and had no problem activated.The phone was to replace a galaxy  s3 I was already using that got lost.would not hesitate to order from this sellar again .  Or even recommend them.

This phone deserves a 5 star , but since it came with the wrong charger id give it a 4 star. But its in perfect conditions, I love it. I got in contact with the seller and he is going to ship me the original charger, but there is actually no negative feedback, to this amazing phone.

Its okay I'm still keeping it but I thought it was going to be blue not white but besides that the phone is in okay condition.

I am glad I upgraded to the S3.  This is an awesome phone!  I plan to buy from these guys again.

So many bells and whistles!  I'm still learning more fun stuff it does!  Perfect size to fit in my hand - it is a bit slippery, but to be honest, I don't actually carry my phone much!  It's either in my purse, pocket, my gym bag, or the catch all in my car.  The screen resolution is amazing, and it's easy to find and place the apps and widgets.I'm still a smart phone &#34;newbie&#34; - but I'm enjoying the experience!

Picked it out for my son, who raves about it. I recommend it for anyone that wants a smart phone but not an apple product.

Was fed up with the Admiral and its incompatibility quirks on the Sprint/Nextel system.  My Galaxy S III as my phone, and an &#34;old&#34; Brute on the Nextel system has greatly lessened my frustration.

love this phone. everyone should have one. its does a lot of great thing, too many to talk about. thanks

I found this phone and this review that sums it up perfectly for me:DESIGN: Galaxy S3 design is stunning, the feeling on hands is incredible. The ergonomics makes all the difference. The iPhone 4S is very squarish and definitely more solid but heavier too (way heavier);SCREEN: Galaxy S3 screen is wonderful with vivid colours and sharp imaages, 4,8 inches vs 3.5 of the iPhone, after you make the transition you wont never come back, impossible.OPERATING SYSTEM: S3 usability is a boom. iPhone is good but never at the level of the S3, way way slower.BATTERY: S3 gets full day + 30% remaining battery, iPhone last till four or five PM;GPS: Galaxy S3 gets locked in less than 10 seconds inside a building, iPhone searches and searches with no success;CAMERA: they are very similar, S3 is faster and iPhone is may be a bit better in term of quality. No dramatic difference.S-VOICE vs SIRI: they are both very basic and more fun than usefull.USB-BLUETOOTH: iPhone only works with iTunes, no Bluetooth, no radio. Galaxy S3 can be usb-connected to computers and flashmemory, it has easy bluetooth connection and yes ... it has an amazing radio :)APPS: to be sincere, all relevants apps in iPhones are present in Android. They have better design but they are at payment while in Android are always free. No mayor differences.Galaxy S3 is an extraordinary good purchase. Recommended for all ex-iPhone users. You wont regret, there is a world outside iTunes :)

Delivered as promised. Actually arrived earlier than anticipated. Brand new in box. Would recommend this product/seller to anyone!  If you want to save money over the GS4, this is the way to go.

Upon arrival, the battery was dead and the charger that came with it did not work, so I had to go to the Sprint store to but a charger before I could even turn on the phone.  It was advertised to be in perfect condition or like new.  When I took it to the Sprint store, I went ahead and bought a screen protector, when the Sprint employee went to clean the screen before putting the protector on, he showed me not less then 20 scratches on the phone and one really deep one that he said could impact the phone's performance.  Once the screen protector was put on, you could not see the smaller scratches.  The deep scratch has so far not impacted the performance.  The battery life only lasted about 30-40 minutes, so it had been well used, so I had to buy a new battery as well.  Also, the standard shipping was $4.99.  The seller later tried to get $20 additional out of me for shipping, so I had to contact Amazon and they straightened it out with the seller.  After all I went through and spent, I wish I just bought a brand new phone.  I will never purchase from this seller again.

The first phone I ordered had some issues charging, I contacted the company and they said they would exchange it, which they did. I got my new phone and it works PERFECTLY! Both phones were also in brand-new condition without a scratch on them, good customer service and fast shipping. Definitely happy

Worked out fine.

This phone was exactly as it was represented.  It looks and acts brand new.  Since I needed a new phone (my old one had issues involving my 2 year old and the tile floor) without a contract, it was just what I needed without having to sell said 2 year old to pay for a new phone (jk).

This is the second phone i have purchased from amazon and the Mobile data would not work with out WiFi connection which defeats the purpose of a MOBILE phone. I ended up having purchase another phone.

does this samsung galaxy s3 sprint phone use gsm sim card and unlocked to international used for other countries .

Ordered a SPRINT Galaxy S3 and I received  Verizon Galaxy S3.  I Was able to return item with no problems.

Sprint will not activate this phone for it is a Verizon Phone.  I just wasted a few days and will have to order from someone else to have a cell phone.

got the wrong phone I will never buy again from this company and not recommended to any body company it' not fare whit customers.

I love this phone.  It's very powerful and the screen is big and vibrant.  It's very thin, so it's easy to slip in your pocket etc.  A lot of people bash its appearance, saying that it's too &#34;plastic looking.&#34;  I actually like how it looks a lot better than the iPhone-like alternative.The touch screen works great and is very scratch resistant.  I bought a screen protector, but never put it on.  The screen is still in great shape.Movies and music look and sound great on this phone.  This phone really is great--I couldn't ask for more.

I had problems with phone at start they have it resolved in 24 hours of me reporting it to them

The phone came in from shipping in pretty decent condition, I'd say on a scale of 1 to 10 (1 being banged up and heavily used, 10 being brand new) this is probably a 9. The seller was very approachable and contacted me several times to ensure that everything was on the up and up. Shipping was very quick as well - got it in probably 5 business days. The ESN is clean and Sprint had no issue swapping my phone over. The phone operates the way you'd expect it to, so no surprises in that department.Now, the description and the picture together are a little confusing, and I should've asked more questions in that direction. This is NOT a 32gb white Galaxy SIII - it's a 16gb metallic blue Galaxy SIII. The picture shows the right color. For me, this wasn't a big deal - while I bought an extended life battery for it with a white backplate, I also bought a black cover for the phone as well, so the color difference isn't really noticeable. Still, for others, that may be a problem.One thing that was a little iffy for me is that the phone wasn't wiped when I got it - it still had some stuff that the prior owner had on it (a few apps), and it was rooted. Not a big deal to me, I factory wiped it, but it may be a problem for other buyers.

give the phone a good rating, but i got the motherboard problem so many phones are rigged with. thats right, samsung rigged these phones to expire! look up &#34;sudden Death Syndrome&#34; and dont buy a used samsung phone! mine shat out on me after only about 2-3 months. way to flush $250 down the toilet. fml

The Samsung galaxy 3 is an awesome phone as I have had one before. My phone was delivered way before expected took about three days. I had to sign for it which I appreciate as my packages are always left in the hallway. Phone is in great condition looks like it was never used not a single scratch on it!! Came with original battery and charger as promised!! Had it activated in minutes through the automated system. . Would most definitely use this vendor again..

Hi I purchased this phone and 3 days later got it in the mail which I was surprised and happy but when I open the case I'm shocked that not only the phone had a clear screen cover that looked like a 5 year old but on with air bubbles every where but minor small scuffs into the back cover plus when I called to activated I asked the Sprint customer service guy if the phone based on the serial number was ever activate and to my surprise it was 2 before so I know its used . I have a video of this plus when u answer any incoming calls the volume is so low that u cant even hear and u can't adjust it for whatever reason but the speaker works so yea. I will post it at youtube as a personal review of ross cellular . Hopefully they and amazon will stop saying new and charging extra when they are not. Ok ghts almost forgot new phones come in a new sealed boxes This one don't plus box is used a little scratches and u can tell used . Which started my suspicion

Like galaxy phones this one battery don't keep a charge external speaker don't work right I give this rating a two cause of the problem it has

If u need a s3 buy it here great choice

This phone, the Galaxy S III, continues to amaze me as I learn more and more about what it can do.  I previously had the original Galaxy, then the Galaxy II, and because of the great performance of these two previous phones, I decided to stay with the same line when I upgraded to the Galaxy III.  I have not been disappointed.  The pictures are great, even the zoom pictures are clear.  The phone is very user friendly.  I can't find one thing bad to say about the phone, or about the vendor who I bought it from.  I received this phone in less than the expected time, the phone was exactly as described on the ad.  The customer service and promptness were excellent and I could not be happier. I had ordered this phone from another vendor and the experience I had with them was horrible, they sent me the wrong phone and when I wanted to return it, it was such an awful experience, that it made me appreciate the customer service from this company even more.  In summary, both the phone and the vendor I ordered from are both excellent and I am very pleased.

Arrived on time. In perfect condition. white as shown in picture. took it in to the store and it was activated to my existing sprint account in 5 minutes. very happy with this purchase.

made my gf happy. so far love everything about it ordered another one but an actual white one.. only thing i wasn't happy about was that it was supposed to white an it was blue but oh well still she loves it and doesn't care

This is a great phone! It has worked very good! I am glad that I purchased it! It is worth the money that I paid for it!

Great phone, great price

I would recommend this product to anyone who's looking for a good, no bs deal on a Samsung Galaxy S3 with Sprint. This phone came to me in almost perfect condition, with the stock battery and wall charger. The only way I could tell it was used, was that the screen protector had a few scratches on it. I took it off once I installed my otterbox and the screen was virgin. Everything else is a breeze. I have installed atleast 30 apps on my phone: about 50% of them being stuff like: compass,netflix,vine,google chrome, lookout,etc. The other half was games such as temple run, fruit ninja, subway surfer, etc. I have 400 songs on it and this device operates with nearly no lag. Sometimes it may be a 0.5 second delay, but thats nothing! If I see any product from this company on Amazon that I'm interested in, I won't hesitate to buy.The only thing that bothered me was that it didnt come with a micro sd card. This wasn't a problem for me, since I just took the 32gb out of my old phone, but it may be for others.

I'll have to say, I had a touch tone phone for the longest, because it was I knew and felt comfortable with. Recently I decided to come out of the dark ages and purchase a smart phone...........not my brightest moment.You see, I'm 53y/o and not really computer savvy. Sure I can get on facebook, AOL and Google but ask me how to download an APP? You'll get the Scooby Doo...WHAT? Is it possible to make these &#34;smart phone&#34; just a little &#34;dumber&#34; for those of us whom likes the technology but don't have the know how. How about a tutorial? How about learning the GALAXY phones for dummies book. Needless to say .......................I won't change back for the world. I love to text but NEVER while driving.

I bought this phone on October 29, it came to my house on the 31!!!! That was insanely fast. I opened it in the box and it's brand spanking new! I contacted the seller before I bought it because I was skeptical, but they reassured me that it's everything the description said. Activation was no problem at all. I went to the Sprint store and activated it in 10 minutes. Overall, Usa-Tel is definitely someone I would buy from again. Also, I really liked the sticky notes they put on the box, it established a seller to customer relationship. Very nice touch, and great hand writing lol

I went from a crappy android to this and I am in love.  I will never get anything less than a samsung again and this phone was flawless and works like I just bought it off the shelf.

The product came in great shape with a full compliment of accessories. The previous owner's screen protector is a little dinged up so I've ordered another. Other than that, no issues whatsoever.

Only reason I give it 4 stars is because once in awhile it freezes on me!Other than that...I LOVE IT!

Great service! I placed my order on Friday and had my phone by the next Monday. It works fine and there were no problems getting it on.

My phone screen keeps glitching and freezing up on me, I dont like that at all, may want to bbhome make sure they work fully I dont kno how long this phone will last

The phone came in record time, it actually beat all of the other items I ordered.  I didn't expext its arrival for 2 weeks because that's what was estimated, but I got it in 3 days!  The advertisement said that the phone was new, but when I received it, I saw that it was used...but I expected that for the price.  The phone was a replacement S3 for my 10 year old.  He was happy with the condition of the phone, so I was happy!  I would order again.

The phone work excellent but the battery life is very terrible wondering if it may have been water damage but will purschase a phone again

The phone is wonderful - it is our 4th Samsung Galaxy 3, and with this product on the market as Apple's main competitor, I keep wondering why so many people continue to buy I-Phones.  But enough praise and positive feedback has already been written about the SGIII.  Instead, I would like to focus this review on the seller, USA-Tel.  I would give them 6 stars if I could!  We could not tell that the phone we received in the mail (many days ahead of schedule!) had ever been used.  It arrived sealed in its original factory packaging and looked brand spanking new!  We saved a couple of hundred dollars by ordering this phone (versus buying a new one) to replace my son's SGIII, which had been stolen, with a year still left on our Sprint contract.  At first, we were planning to order a used SGIII on e-Bay or Craig's List, but those phones really LOOKED used, and also, we were warned by Sprint not to buy from either of those vendors.  So we are VERY happy customers!

Everything came on time phone was in excellent condition didn't even looked used at all brand new battery i love it

The screen is gorgeous. It is super easy to navigate.  The camera is great.  I am in love with this phone.  I don't know why people love their iphones so much because I think this phone is better in every way.

The micro SD card was not shipped with the phone I purchased a micro SD card and the reader on the phone doesn't work

Great phone. Just like the ad said. Came fast.

I got this phone after my trusty Blackberry was on it's last legs.  It's easy to use and not so large that I feel like I'm carrying around a tablet.  The seller sent it faster than was promised so I was able to go to the Sprint store and load my information without any problems.  Would definitely recommend this product and seller.

The phone is great but I thought I was receiving a white phone ratter then a metallic blue. I would like them to be more specific next time.

Phone came in great condition. Will update if any problems but so far so good!Would definitely shop with again!

I lost a week of my phone being activated and I was telling him that it wasn't working properly. I spent several hours on the phone with customer service of my service provider trying to activate it. I finally took it to a Sprint store and they told me it was a flashed phone? I feel he was trying to place the blame on me and wasn't really helping me. I also had to pay for the return not knowing yall would take care of it. Very dissappointed and won't reccommend this company at all!

I obviously didn't do enough background research - I am not interested in being gouged by Sprint at $110 a month so wanted to use MetroPCS - this phone will not do that for you without extensive re-programming.

Upon purchasing this product I was sceptical at first with this being the first item I've bought off of Amazon and I just wanna say it was great and I'm glad it was in decent condition

This was an excellent phone for an excellent price - delivery was fast in Amazon's usual manner.  But, when I tried to activate the phone with Sprint, they claimed it was incompatible with their system although it was clearly marked as a Sprint phone.  We could not resolve even with a &#34;repair&#34; ticket into Sprint (an internal software adjustment Sprint does on their system to accept outside phones).  Had no choice but to return phone.  Weeks later, found out the phone could have been accepted under an &#34;upgrade&#34; contract if I had asked for it, but at an additional price.  Cost to &#34;upgrade&#34; the contract far exceeded the actual cost of the phone in the first year!  The phony upgrade is because Sprint is quietly trying to phase out smart phones from their earlier grandfathered contracts.  I suppose if they advertised that, Sprint would have a mass exodus of customers.  5 stars for the vendor; ZERO for Sprint.

the phone was nice and came in nice timing but my carrier would not support the phone! so needless to say i sent it back

I have no complaints, this phone has been up and running for over a month now. Other than the incredible long shipping time in this day and age, I have no complaints.

It was i near-perfect quality when I bought it used. By far one of the best smartphone experiences I've had. It is fast, efficient, stylish, and just all around awesome.

I spent the extra bucks to get a Samsung galaxy S3 as close to new as possible. The phone works great and synced with Sprint. There are no lines on the screen when it is powered on or off. There were no scratches on the phone either. I felt like I just got a new phone. When I start looking again I will definitely use you again. Thank you!
