
The OS was updated... Better graphics. Lots of memory. I can get a lot of things done. Great smart phone.

Better than I expected easy to use, great to have a real keyboard.  Came quickly with the unlock number on the box.

Of all the &#34;smart phones&#34; I've had this is my favorite.  My husband says it reminds him of his first Samsung Galaxy, he now has the GS3, I just know it's a great phone with enough memory to run the apps I want and has a real keyboard.  So far I'm very satisfied.

Samsung Captivate Glide 1927 unlocked GSM PhoneI love this phone it is built strong and the keyboard is easy to use.It was mailed the same day and ran right away with my home wifibought a Straight Talk sims card and hooked it up with Straight Talk and I am very happy with it. It is blue tooth capable 8 mp camerajust a great phone.

I bought this phone for my wife who is technically challenged and insists on a physical keyboard. She loves this phone. I upgraded it to ICS with no problems. Samsung makes upgrading a snap. This is a great Android phone. The price is fantastic. The phone arrived unlocked, in the retail packaging in brand new condition. If you are looking for an Android phone with ICS specs this a great one. Tablet Distributors fulfilled by Amazon is the way to go. Everything about the phone was exactly as advertised!

I spent a long time looking for an Android phone for AT&T; network w/ QWERTY keyboard... I spent about 6 months on the blackberry torch and slowly began to hate it...had forgotten how much better Android is... I actually don't use the QWERTY keyboard that much b/c the onscreen keyboard is fine (much bigger/better than the torch).However, when I need the physical key pad... it is fine. I don't mind the flush keyboard..... it is so large and each key is so big that it doesn't bother me... I can clearly see and hit the key I want and it has been great.Big success after about 3 weeks of use!

I bought this phone a little more than a year ago off of a popular internet auction site that shall remain nameless. As occasionally happens there, I got an uncommunicative seller who shipped in very very poor packaging ending with me with a loose phone/battery and box in another box but the phone appear(s)ed to be working okay.I bought this phone as a locked AT&T; phone but had already done my homework/pricing to unlock it. As I use Consumer Cellular it did not really need to be unlocked to work with their network but I went ahead and purchased an unlock code and did it myself successfully. Please note unlocking is not the same as rooting. How I wish I could root this phone! It is not easy to do, and I even paid some folks for fixes and got my money back after they failed. So, unlock can be done. I have done it. Rooting is very difficult and should only be attempted by professional in the field.  I did need consumer cellular help to get it to hook up with their APN so I could get data. Took a few calls but I am OK.  Would hate to think what just another brand unlocked phone would be like to get going since technically, CC uses AT&T; it should not have been this difficult.I bought this to wean off of a Blackberry. I had tried some waawee huawei whatever smartphone and hated the onscreen keyboard with a passion and the fact it was a little piece of junk.  I didn't have much faith in RIM and BB continuing but still wanted a physical keyboard so this fit the bill.  I agree that while the pull out keyboard is nice, it is not really that easy to type on.  Gradually over the year I have been using the onscreen misery more just because that has the autocorrect. It is a nice option to have a real keyboard so enjoy while you can.Besides the issue with getting this phone to accept another APN (even though it was unlocked) the Samsung issues are as follows:1) Yes the battery life sucks.  Sometimes if I come home and forget to hook it to power for overnight it is dead dead dead in the morning.  Just resign yourself to giving it a good charge at the minimum once a day/night.2) GPS flaw.  Two issues there actually.  One is the darn thing won't lock and will just drain your battery when you turn it on for an app that requires it. It requires a reboot for the GPS to lock if the phone has not been rebooted in a day or two. Second is it is so bad it can just overheat/shutdown the phone even if it did lock.3) External memory micro SD problem. This is reportedly an issue with a) all androids or b) all samsungs or c) counterfeit cards. Pick one.  I replaced the teeny 2GB that came with my Glide with a Kingston 32GB class 4 card. I had issues with the apps that were moved to SD disappearing but nothing a reboot or reinstall of app would not fix until yesterday when the phone got hot as the surface of the sun and gave me the dire message of damaged SD card after I rebooted to get the GPS working (yes, do not depend on this phone in a pinch, please don't).The card is dead as in doornail not recognized by this or any device or able to hold formatting. Getting warranty replacement on the card but beware if you want to upgrade.  I have no advice after reading so many conflicting accounts about just what is the problem with Android or Samsung and external cards. Apparently these days it is no longer common to even have capability for an external card on a droid so leads me to believe it is an OS thing.As a phone.  Call quality is less than stellar if you ask me.  But I am mostly in marginal areas and have not had an issue in fantastic signal areas.Data - accept that in good signal areas with hyperband whathave you when it will forget it is unlocked it seems to be fine.  If it forgets it is unlocked in some special AT&T; service area it requires turning data on/off again to do the other APN thing again.Camera - very nice.  Haven't used the front much, I don't want to see me any more than anybody else would want to.You can see here this phone has required me to do more technical stuff than I care to. It is nice to have a keyboard, camera is very good and it has not dropped dead on me so giving it four stars rather than three.

I bought this phone 17 days ago and it was working fine but stopped working today. This phone has a serious problem. It says Unlocked GSM phone but really it is LOCKED PHONE. It worked fine for 17 days but suddenly last night it asked me Network Lock Control Key. I ve called all the options I could and issues is not resolved. Please dont buy it from here or else you can be in serious trouble not because you ve lost your money but because when you will be needing your phone the most it will remind you that you bought it from unauthentic seller and paying more than just money now. Today I went again to the feedbacks and got exactly same feedback from another customer and I am sure there are many more with same problem. I used Pre Paid T mobile sim in this AT&T Unlocked GSM phone. Now I am just without a phone.

This is the very best in a combination between a well calibrated touch screen and a full keyboard. The keys are a good fit for my son who has large fingers. The touch offers most of the same features that you get with the Samsung Galaxy.

I bought to a friend, and he like this very much.Its came with android 4, updated.is not a high end product, but a really nice phone!

I bought one on May of 2013 as a gift to my wife, and it was a perfect gift. It worked perfectly and has been well until today. Happy for my purchase, I decided to buy one for my wife's brother. I bought it early since October, as a gift for the 24 of December. I live in Colombia so it was complicated buy one, a month before. But, back to the point; the gift was excelent, but after 25 days, the screen begins to freeze and the phone shuts off. I have read a lot about the problem, and I have found that some Samsung phones (not just the Captivate Glide) have the same problem. The real problem now is that I can not return it and exchange it for a new one, because the time to return it has passed. I love to bought in amazon, but now; I'm afraid to buy expensive electronic products, because some  may fail after a time. Especially the samsung phones.I hope amazon write me about: What to do in these cases?, or if I definitely have lost my money .

My wife loves the phone.  Our three-year-old Samsung S died,, and I ordered this one.  I just forgot to check its original carrier.  It is for AT&T.;  We have T-Mobile.Nevertheless, it works fine.  All of our services work with this phone.  I just wish AT&T; would make it easier to fully detach equipment from their system.If you buy this, and you have T-Mobile, you should have no problems that a trip to the T-Mobile store will not solve.

The battery has no life even when all the apps are turned off. The touchscreen responds poorly. I expected a user friendly phone from Samsung but this is anything but. I did not pay for a top of the line phone but I did not purchase a low quality phone either. I am sure I was sold an item that could only be moved by mail order so a company could clear out it's old inventory. It's sad but I feel I own a new phone that I am looking forward to replacing.

Finally found the perfect smartphone! It has all the qualities I've been looking for and it works great. It does what I want it to when I want it to, couldn't ask for a better phone.

I love the mobile, I have it in Australia on Optus and 4G works like a charm. very good battery life. plus i do love the QWERTY

Great phone for the money.If you can buy it used it is even better.The best with real qwerty key board (to exclude the Motorola which is version only).

Bought it new for a friend because of the slide-out keyboard. within 1.5 month the camera stopped working and the call quality deteriorated..i would not recommend this phone

The Samsung captivate is a pretty decent device for the price, works good, the physical keyboard gives a different view from the others phones in the market.

With this cell phone &#34;supposedly unlocked &#34; I have had problems from the start , since the seller did not put the address for receipt of the package as it should and I had to look at UPS headquarters in California where he was sent .Then , the phone took Venezuela and only worked for a month with chip telephone company Movilnet , passing month notice to report for theft and loss of equipment that left him without functionality got this because the box and the label on the back has the phone matched the IMEI code but when looked into the system appeared a different IMEI code.Against this unlocked phone company the phone but only worked a couple of weeks when the team was again reported for theft and loss, now telephone companies Movistar and Digitel, again it is off for a couple of weeks ago.I wonder why I answered the BREED and Amazon store , how I can solve this problem ? , Because supposedly bought an unlocked phone that has a different IMEI code that appears on the carton and on the label of the phone and therefore I can not use it my country.

This device shouldn't be sold on Amazon. I made another bad decision but I did upgrade from 2.6.2 to 4.0.4 ICS.

Greetings, I'm from Venezuela, the phone is great, works perfect the Movistar & Movilnet 3G and 2G digitel alone, the GPS connects fast, battery is good using it all day with wifi and 3g with a moderate amount of tough calls all day, I have root and works great, the camera is good, not great but good. The keyboard is great In conclusion I highly recommend it for the price and quality.

This is a great phone for the price. I've done some research and couldn't find a better spec phone at the same budget level. I love the physical keyboard as well (not that many phones have one nowadays). I've upgraded the OS to the latest one using Kies.Beware of refurbished units sold as new, though. The first phone I ordered came in a generic box with ill-fitting packaging inside (e.g. the phone didn't fit into the plastic tray inside). The phone case was made from cheap plastic and the battery was made in China and didn't last more than a few hours. I returned the phone because of the battery problems. The seller didn't have any more in stock, so I got a refund.The second phone I ordered (from a different seller) was in original manufacturer packaging. The phone case was solid and the battery made in Japan. No issues with this phone and it worked great ever since (it's been a few weeks now).Edit: apparently, the phones sold through Amazon are NOT covered by Samsung warranty. That's what the seller told me after Samsung declined the activate the warranty on my unit.

This samsung glide was everything I wanted in a phone. The query keyboard makes texting easy. Picture quality is  fabulous. The only downside to having the glide is, I can't find a cover for it. I would highly suggest this phone to anyone.

I needed this to replace my original Samsung Captivate Glide because I dropped it and the screen stopped working. This worked great and I'm still using it as of 6-20-2014.

I like the large screen and the extra internal memory on this phone. But the GPS doesn't work and there is terrible lag on the phone. I went to my account today to request a return or exchange (I don't know...maybe I just got a bad one. I was willing to try just exchanging) and noticed that I am 2 days late to return. I wish I had checked a few days earlier. I don't want this phone. It's of minimal use to me at this point. I really need the navigation feature on my phone to be effective. Without GPS, this cannot happen. Highly disappointed and upset that I can no longer return the item.

This is my first smartphone and I am very happy with it.  I have had it for almost 3 weeks and so far have had NO problems with it.  It truly is a brand new phone and is unlocked.  I bought this phone because of the slide out physical keyboard and at first it took a little bit to get used to using since it was bigger than the keyboard of my previous phone.  But I am used to it now and it is really no problem at all for me.One thing that I just found out today about this phone after having it almost 3 weeks ( because no real detailed user manual is included ! heyyy, im over 50 and we like our user manuals! ;) lol )  is that it has the capability of speech to text!  I was really happy about that. :) I had not read that about this phone at all.I also bought this phone with the hopes of using it with a pre paid cell phone carrier and my hopes were realized, I have not had any problems with the phone and pre paid service I selected.Top 10 Cell is the seller of this phone, they sold me a great phone.  I would definately buy from this seller again!.

This phone is great for gaming and texting . But has a major usb charge flaw. Two phones I've owned have either completed quit charging or are at a point that modification is required to keep any charge coming in through usb port. I love the phone otherwise, but be aware or the design flaw if yours still works.

This touch screen is way better than the other one I have.  It doesn't stick and ignore touch, its very responsive to soft touch. Touch screen is fully functional.  You don't even remember there is a slide keyboard to use!  Features are great.  I was worried it wouldn't have all the features I love from the motorola blur, but it does.  Recommended phone..

Smartphones with keyboards are a dying breed these days, which is a shame. This phone is high quality though. I've been using it for awhile now, and it is very reliable. Samsung phones are always good, and if you're looking for a smartphone but don't want to rely fully on a tiny touch keyboard, this is the phone for you.

This came upgraded to Android 4.0!  Works well.  It's a heavy, thick phone but my wife demanded a real keyboard. Everything seems to work as it should.  The spec's are still really good considering the phone has been around since late 2011.  Most budget phones lack the RAM that this phone has.  I highly recommend this phone!

I l-o-v-e this phone. It is a big change from my last phone (Samsung Galaxy Y)PROS* I love the screen size- 4inch screen-good size for texting,playing games, and video chatting* Great battery*Listen to music while playing games or taking pictures*texting on it is fun*Lot of memory space- with putting 8gb in, i have 13 apps uploaded*camera in the back is great! And the FLASH IS AWESOME! One of the best phone camera's i have EVER had!* fast motion* calls go well*Great speaker- clear voicesSo much more cool things i cant think of.CONS*Front camera has its own mind when it comes to what shade my face should be. But not so bad. You will just have to be in good light.*When you are playing games it freezes sometimes- only for like 2 seconds. Not a big problem* MAKE SURE YOUR PHONE COMPANY WORKS WITH THIS PHONE! My last phone company was ptel mobile. It does not work with Ptel Mobile! I had to change to a different phone company. I changed to Spot Mobile ( which i REALLY REALLY recommend)Note: You will need to get a nano sim card.It is unlocked, but only works with some gsm phone networksOverall, for its price, the things i can get on it, the battery, and camera, and with a now new working sim card, the look of it,  and the size of it; i REALLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE! Im not regretting buying this phone, even though i had problems at first with finding a new phone company.I ordered from BLUTEKUSA- came in 4 days.BUY IT!

I use this phone in The Bahamas and it works great. No complaint. needed more space for photos and music and just got an sdcard. So no problem yet. Will update if there is any

I've had this phone for almost 6 months now and I feel ready to review it. It's been a great phone with a nice camera and the best thing about it is the slide out qwerty keyboard. I hate having to type on a screen so I was looking for a good quality android phone with a keyboard. Works great for me.

I had this phone for a year when my 9mnth old daughter got ahold of it. It help up pretty well the first few times but when she threw it out of the car thats when the LCD inside the screen worked. The rest of the phone still worked i got calls and texts but the screen was completely black. I loved that phone so I just had to get another one!

I got this phone for my sons birthday it is a great deal. Super fast speeds, for game and online browsing, great for typing/emails. Takes clear beautiful pictures and seems well constructed. We got it for $139.99 and it was well worth it. It also can hold it's charge with heavy use for up to 8 hours so far. Great deal. We use ours with Platinumtel which has killer prepaid prices, very cheap.

its ok, but has bugs and glitches, was expecting a little bit better. but still its a functional phone for the price.

this phone is not worth it! go somewhere else believe i just bought it and it wont connect to the internet i cant send or get picture messages or anything and it is unlocked! I'm  very unhappy and when i get the money and find away to get rid of this one i'm getting a new phone. sometimes i couldn't even get calls the only thing that works all the time with this phone is texting. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE

First off it works with T-mobile if anyone wanted to know. The touch screen is great, nice and responsive. The keyboard is great as well, it's not too flat or anything like that. Sound quality is great, camera quality is great, good music player. Basically and all around good Android phone and at this price, especially being a T-mobile user($500+ phones), this phone is a steal! No complaints.

all good, no problems. sometimes need to restart the phone due to freeze. some apps does not work like i was expecting.

I absolutely loved this phone and almost never had problems with it. I especially love the app killing widget that is apparently a Samsung exclusive. It really helped me manage my battery use!

The Samsung captivate glide is by far my favorite phone. I was lucky enough to get the phone already updated with android 4.04. I prefer the physical sliding qwerty keyboard. The phone has everything I want, android, the keyboard, touchscreen, and enough internal memory so I can download whatever I want. I am very happy with it. It also has front and rear camera. If you get this phone, I don't think you will be disappointed.

I bought this as a gift for my bf.  So far, I think this is a good smartphone for its age.  He has complaints about the Operating System in it being a bit cumbersome.  But, that's about it.  Battery seems to last for a whole day at least.  But overall, I think he likes it very much.

Works very well. Screen very clear. Keyboard flat, so takes some time to get used to, but much better than using the android keyboard. Overall very happy with the purchase.

I purchased this phone for ease of texting (5) good camera (5) and mms (1).  I cannot seem to get it to send pictures.  Have tried several things.  On the same plan as my husband - he has a Nokia E63 and has no problems.

For it's price, it has everything I'm looking for. However, I was asked to put in an AT&T code when I put in my sim card. Although unlocking the phone is relatively cheap if not free, I didn't appreciate combing through amazon for an unlocked phoned and then find out it wasn't.

awesome phone it has all the features i was looking for in a phone and more couldn't be happier with any other phone for this price

Although this phone is really unlocked, superb stats at a great price, it comes with all the configuration for AT&T.; Basically it has all the krapware from AT&T; + some internal configuration that its making the GPS to take minutes to lock. I investigated and the only alternative is to root the phone to fix it... which is not that easy.Besides this, its a little too big, even so its a great price and the phone is really sturdy!

phone does not work goodneed to get new phone nowno warranty on this phonei call samsung and was told this by them and at

I'm writing this review coming from a HTC G2.  I had a G1 prior to that.  Those were very vanilla phones, and this one is a little customized, but it's not bad.  I have had it lock up twice already though, nothing removing the battery can't fix, but the g1 and g2 never had such problems.

I bought this as a gift for one of my friend abroad and so he started using it only after a month. It was an awful product, we couldn't hear a thing when somebody calls on this mobile. When we put the speaker on we could hear a little bit. Looks like they sold a defective product to us. We brought this back and looking for repairing this product. I am totally disappointed with this product

Great price on a new replacement phone to be used on ATT network.  Backed up old phone using Kies and restored to new phone.  Fine for data but still had to reconfigure email accounts.  This is a nice phone for those that want a physical keyboard.  Killer price from the vendor I purchased from.  Can't speak to &#34;unlocked&#34; aspect since this is being used on ATT network and just have no idea if I moved to another GSM network (Tmo, StraightTalk etc) if it would work out of the box.  If so, it is a great price for a pretty up to date smartphone.

This was at first something I was soo happy about, but then it locked and I couldn't use it because it locked....really?so this was a frustrating product for me

This guys are awesome, I order the phone and I got it within 3days and everything work just fine. Once again thanks SUPER BREED .

Even though it's an &#34;older&#34; smart phone at this point (2011, I believe), am quite impressed with this little phone. Being 4G (when available), it's pretty fast, & runs my apps pretty well. Ordered it specifically because it has a slide-out keyboard, since (as a member of the older generation!) I've found touch-screen texting to be a little too sensitive for me; however, one minor problem, as has been pointed out in other reviews, is that the keyboard is fairly flat, so it doesn't have quite as much of a tactile feel as some other keyboards I've used. Nevertheless, texting flows fairly smoothly once you acclimate to the keyboard. Finally, I thought the price was great (app. $125) for a brand new (as opposed to used or refurbished), unlocked smart phone that's compact & fast.

Straight out of the box, I used this with a Polish SIM card in Poland on the network PLAY. Calls, texts, MMS, and data all worked fine, immediately after inserting the SIM card.In the US used it with an H2O Wireless SIM card. Calls and texts worked fine, but data had to be configured in the settings with a call to customer service, and MMS was finicky if it worked at all (don't know why).I got this phone because of the keyboard. It was nice at first, but after updating to the Google Keyboard onscreen with built-in Swype and corrective typing, I found myself never using the keyboard anymore. It was more convenient to use the Google Keyboard than to slide out the pad and wait on my phone to change the orientation (which took a second or two after enough use.. it manages, but it's not a very fast phone with today's apps).Battery life was also okay at first, but it soon became pretty terrible. I always had to give it a full, new charge halfway through the day. I even eventually bought a second battery that I could theoretically take to class with me and swap out halfway through the day. I never got to use that though, because...11 months after I got this phone, it overheated and just quit working altogether. Now it's nothing but a paper weight.That being said, there's no way I would buy this phone now. I'm considering the Motorola Moto G, which has tons of better features, is much more popular, durable, newer, and well-reviewed. I wish I had considered those types of things before I bought the Captivate Glide.

Top ten cell did a great job apparently a new at&t phone with factory Samsung battery. This is my first smartphone and I'm impressed. Having a slide out keyboard is a must for a luddite like myself and it works well. My laptop is almost an after thought at this point. P.S. I'm writing this review on my phone.(1-24-14) Have had the phone for four months now and am still pleased with it. If you buy it be sure to download the Samsung update tool(Kies) and get the newer operating system (4.0) it will cure most of the problems with the phone i.e. the screen time out.

i love the power of the tera processor, i can play anything, even use all kinds of emulators, i bough an sd card to get more memory because hd pics and vids take too much space and after a while 4gb isn't enough, and also to use the psx emulator. you can get the great epsxe for free on the android store and play a lot of great game from the platform, you can also get snes, gba and even n64 emulators and they all run beautifully in this phone, and it doesnt even get that worm.i love this phone, it can do anything i can think off!! =Dthe sad part is that i bough it 6 months ago when it was at 320$ so it kindof hurt when it went this cheap...i reccomend it to any gamer out there!

I've had my old Samsung SGH-X497 clam-type phone since Cingular days. No problems. No complaints ... except.  Except I am getting more into the texting side of phoning since that is all my adult kids will pay attention to. I thought about getting an old phone with a QWERTY keyboard but also thought maybe I should make the jump to a more modern smart phone type. Since I like the Samsung brand and am an AT&T; GoPhone account holder, the Captivate Glide SGH-i927 looked like a big leap forward ... for me ... and nice size QWERTY keyboard.  I really didn't need any more bells or whistles but was willing to have them in case I might want to start getting smarter with my smart phone.Bad idea. I found the phone apps and multiple layers of pages less than intuitive.  I discovered that I couldn't transfer my old phone contacts to the i927 using the USB cable.  So that meant days if not weeks of keyboard entry one by one. I discovered, as some reviewers have noted, that the slide out keyboard, while relatively large, is fairly flat and is difficult to hit the correct keys.  The keyboard was also inconsistent in the amount of pressure needed to make a key register. This inconsistent pressure sensitivity was also a problem on the touch screen. I missed several calls because my tap to pick up the call did not register.The last straw was when the display screen would dim for no apparent reason (I reset the dim time to one minute) while I was working/touching the screen. This random screen dimming/flickering was not only annoying but distracting.  I never knew if my screen action was executed or not.Enough was enough.  I sent it back before the 30 days trial was up. Amazon made the return process so quick and painless that I don't think I would ever purchase online from any other vendor.  I haven't received my refund yet but I have every confidence that Amazon will come through. Now back to shopping for something less smart and more reliable.

This phone is so difficult to use .  My freinds son has a Verison version of it that works entirely differently.  I liked it and that is why I purchased it.  We could not get this one to do any of it's options.

I love this phone. It takes great pictures, and I love the keyboard! I downloaded some apps movies have crisp pics

it works just great, my apps and my everything. I could easily upgrade it to Android 4.0I like the keyboard because sometimes it can be frustrated typing on the screen....just like it

The cellphone is a good model, easy to text, but it's a problem that I have to charge the battery two times a day because it's not the original

Okay, first of all, the only way that this product could possibly have an overall 4-star rating is because the people MUST have reviewed the phone after only having it a short time.  I was extremely happy with it for the first two months too.Problem number 1:  The first random issue I started having with my phone is that I would not receive phone calls. Not only would I not receive the phone calls, but I would not get a missed call notification...and sometimes if the person left me a message, I wouldn't even get that for hours.  Not good when my kids are at school and this is my only mode of communication.  I don't know how long this went on, but I discovered it when my dad showed up unexpectedly to my house.  He NEVER shows up unexpectedly.  He ALWAYS, ALWAYS calls.  He may be pulling up to my house, but he will call before knocking on the door.  lol.  He called me several times before arriving, but my phone (which I had on my hip) never rang.  He even called me in my foyer with me standing right next to him.  Nothing.  This is a periodic on-going issue.  I also experience a delay in receiving texts.  All the time.  I won't get a text all day long and then will step into a certain place in my house, and get bombarded with them all at once.Problem number 2: The brand new storage card came up as not working, or unformatted or something.  I lost all my pictures.  We bought a new one even though the one in the phone was only a couple months old and it has happened one more time since then.  Sometimes I can just reset the phone by taking the battery, SIM and storage out for a few minutes, but if I have a case on my phone, this is a real pain in the butt to be doing on a regular basis.Problem number 3:  No WI-FI even though everything else in my house is picking it up just fine.  This also was fixed by taking all the guts out of my phone (and considering smashing them to pieces) for several minutes.Problem number 4:  Just randomly rebooting.  In the middle of a text.  In the middle of a call.  In the middle of everything.  The screen goes blank, then flashes....and then it reboots.  This is one of my favorite problems because I have no life, but whenever I need to be available (like I am waiting for a ride to my son's class trip), it will just randomly shut off and turn back on...go through the 5 minute start-up process....Problem number 5:  I believe this is the last problem but I will gladly come back when I discover more.  I'm sure there will be more.  THE PHONE WON'T CHARGE!  This one almost caused a divorce.  lol.  not really, but...  I told my husband that my phone was not charging with my charger.  I tried different outlets thinking maybe it was not making a good connection, etc.  He tried the same crap I tried (thus the potential for divorce. If you are married, you know what I mean)and went online to research.  Lo and behold!  Other people are having issues with the phones not charging!  SHOCKER! To the point that others have gone out and purchased new batteries AND a charger, and they just switch out the batteries.  Again really annoying when you try to have a case on your phone.  SO FAR, the phone will not charge with the charger it came with, but I can charge it with my husband's motorola charger....and he uses my charger to charge his phone.  SO WE KNOW IT ISN'T THE CHARGER!Every single one of these problems is an on-going problem.  None of them were one-time freak happenings.  I am dealing with most of these (the late texts, the wi-fi not loading, the not receiving phone calls or messages...the rebooting, the charger not working) EVERY SINGLE DAY.  This is so unacceptable in this day of smart phone technology!We purchased this phone at some point in November.  It is now June.  Seven months into a two year contract.  This phone issue has caused us to seriously consider our cell phone options, and we are probably going to go cheap pre-paid when this contract is up.  Unfortunately, this is our first foray into smart phone territory.  We are not fans.  I am disgusted with Samsung and the shoddy workmanship of this phone.  This is probably the only phone I have owned that I HAVEN'T dropped yet...and it is by far the only phone I have had this many issues with...and it can't even be blamed on the phone being a dinosaur!  Disgusting.

A good one, price equally good. I think it's performing it's duty. Thanks so so much! I have said quite enough about it.

I was looking for a more 'with the times' phone to replace my LG Expo, specifically that retained a slide-out qwerty keyboard, and i found this for around half the price of what my LG had cost me; not to mention it much bigger than my LG. I've since updated the OS to  ICS (4.0.4) with little to no problems. a lot of people complain about the qwerty hardware being too flat -and the keys ARE flush-, but with all the space and after the experience with the LG Expo, using the keyboard on this is cake. In fact because of the size of the phone itself -not too small nor too big- and the responsiveness of the touchscreen i use the qwerty hardware much less that i did with the LG. i wish i had changed my phone faster; i think may have become an Android fan now.If you're looking for a low-cost, android smartphone with qwerty hardware, this is it.EDIT:So it's been a little over a month now since I had this phones and I've noticed that the one flaw that I have found in it is that just about every other call I make or receive is dropped. Making or receiving a call is extremely difficult especially if you're inside a building, or just inside a car. I usually only use my phone for when I really, really, need to contact someone and it's really frustrating when you're on a really important phone call and that call is dropped, or the person on the other end cannot hear you, but you can hear them clear as day. I don't know if it's just my phone or not but for that; minus 1 star.

My old smart phone was freezing and acting up, concerning that it is over 5 years old. I got this one because my wife has the same one. I used hers for a few days. The size is right for me, I don't want a big screen. Its easy to work, and does every thing well. I don't have a data plan, I just use WiFi at home. The key board works well for me, the buttons are easy to use. I am not &#34;that into technology&#34; but the facts are that in life technology goes forward and fast. This may not be the best smart phone for most out there, but considering I was using a Motorola Blur, this is great. I was using a plain flip phone when my wife gave me her old Motorola, and said move into the 21st century. This captive glide is easy to use, thin, and not to big for me. I'm the type of guy that would rather have a car that runs on leaded gas, has no computer or catalytic converter on it. Those days are gone. I will admit that I do enjoy using it, and not only as a phone.......

This is my first smartphone I have ever had, I purchased it in May so have had it for about half a year. I never have any problems with it, it does exactly what it is supposed to. My only real complaint with the phone is that the battery the phone came with is absolutely terrible. It was fine at first, but now my phone will be fully charged at 8 AM, and by 4 PM it will be at 15% life.If you order this phone, please, check the battery first for the date on it and save yourself some trouble, as some sellers put a cheaper stock battery in. I ordered a new battery because of this, so hopefully this solves the problem.The external keyboard is a great feature, but quite frankly, is something that I never use, which I thought I would but the touch screen keyboard is more convenient to me.Pros:Simple to useSmallerDoes everything you would expect a smartphone to do(granted, it is an older phone, but I haven't encountered anything that I wish I had that hardware does not support, it can do anything)Great starter smartphone, especially for the cheaper priceCons:Watch the battery problem and just buy a brand new one and switch between the twoCall quality can be bad at times, but this is more due to bad reception, in most cases.Bulkier, but that is because of the external keyboard more than anything.Would I recommend to anyone: Absolutely

The phone is good, but the one I received was NOT unlocked. It was still locked to AT&T. You can purchase an unlock code inexpensively, however. If you purchase this phone and put a non-AT&T sim card in it and it won't work, check to make sure the phone is not locked. Other than that, it is a good product.

This was a great phone! The phone barely looked used and internally it's fast and detailed. Battery life is terrible though:(

The main reason I buy this phone is the slide-out QWERTY keyboard that I can hold with both hands and enter text rapidly with minimal error. Besides, the phone has WiFi for internet access, and quad-band GSM and WCDMA modes means it will work wordwide. The screen is small but we can zoom in and out. The phone come with load of useful application.

The photo on the page shows the phone with AT&T; logo on it, but the phone I got is Rogers! When you get an At&t; phone, there are few add-on apps you get on the device. So a bit disappointed. Secondly, there is no user manual..though I might find some online, I am someone who prefers a print for such things.Otherwise, the phone is clean, good packing and seems to be new with protective film.As such the phone is good and features are pretty good.

I bought mine new thru Amazon Mobile 2 years ago & am still using it. My contract w/Art is up soon so I thought I would try it with a Net10 Att compatable Sim card. It WORKS! I also love that that you can upgrade to Jellybean on xda i927 forum to the latest version of Android! If you are looking for a great qwerty phone this is it!

the phone randomly shuts off, when it does this the battery is almost COMPLETELY DEAD. Emailed buyer and they said it was batteryvissues. Yes they sent one, NO it did not work.

IT COMPLETELY SUCKSIDK IF THIS PERSON THAT SOLD ME IT WANTED TO JUST GET RID OF IT BECAUSE IT DIES AS SOON AS I CHARGE IT. WASTE OF MONEY COULD'VE BOUGHT A BRAND NEW PHONE, OF COURSE DIFFERENT KIND!! SOOO MAD!!!

I got it earlier than I expected 3 days after I ordered it & I've had it for a couple days I've had no problems with it except a small scratch on the screen but other than it, it looks brand new with no harm to the phone

Does all I need it to do and even more.  Sliding keyboard, though obsolete these days is still a very useful feature.

I had this phone for two years now I got a S4 active, but this Captivate glide is a great phone, that is why I bought it again for a gift to my mother.

I deliberately picked this phone because it has an amazingly low SAR rating (cell phone radiation output) almost 5 times less than many similar models by Samsung.  The display, performance and sound are very good bordering on excellent, much better display and sound than the new Galaxy Centura imo and that is running 4.0 (this is only 2.3 "Gingerbread", and despite what anyone says is impossible to upgrade).  I've seen both phones side by side and video play is far better with this older model.  The fold out keyboard is a nice feature for those who like this, doesn't get in the way at all and you can ignore it if need be it also has a touchscreen board.That being said the battery life is so poor, it borders on unworkable.  Frequently I have to plug the phone in to charge a second time on the same day!  I've downloaded every kind of battery saver I can find, cut out Google Maps.... turned off weather updates, etc to no avail.  You may as well call it a corded phone :(There is an extended battery available for this phone to purchase, but it makes the already kind of thick phone twice as bulky with a new back cover.  Debating whether to clunk up in the name of simple convenience.

So far, I'm enjoying the Captivate Glide -- although a salesman at the AT&T Store made fun of it as an &#34;old phone.&#34;  Not old to me.  The keyboard is much more useful and less error-prone than trying to type on the touchscreen.  The same AT&T salesman said that phones with qwerty keyboards are going to disappear, so maybe I'll buy a second one of these as a backup.  Anyway, it comes loaded with lots of apps and lists of more from the Android store.  Camera works well.  Screen is clear and sharp.

I bought this phone for my sis. She aint complaining. So its good a thing since she is high class picky. But she had mention to me she cant download some of her apps. Eg bbm.. I dont y. But I hopes it can be downloaded.

I can barely even type on the top first row it seems kinda impractical for a qwerty keypad to be so hard to type on. I dont know if its supposed to be like this but the quality of keyboard sucks if you like texting and key boards this is not the phone for you. other than that it seems ok not really impressed wiht the quality of phone when the mega pixels are supposed to be so high

I am happy with my phone and how easy it was to have it up and running quickly, having been unlocked.

I bought this phone just in case something happens to the Captiva Glide that I already have. I can't live without the slide-out keyboard because I can't use the buttons on androids. I will probably buy one more just in case. GREAT PHONE!!

My service provider is Consumer Cellular. They sent me some configurations to be made to the phone and it works on their network without any problems or limitations.The phone was already updated to Android 4.0 so I didn't have to do anything.The phone is very fast, several times faster than our other phones.The camera isn't so good indoors (inconsistent results.) but outdoors it does a wonderful job.The screen is clear and very sharp.It is a wonderful phone for less than $150.It's a great Android phone.

The phone works great. It got here quick and still had the seal on it from the company. I am very pleased with my phone.

The supposed unlocked phone was not really unlocked. I have to pay a fee to another company online to have it unlocked. Now when I updated the android to 4.0 the phone can't do speed dial anymore. you dial the number and you see something like &#34;USSD code running&#34; , and then &#34;connection problem or invalid MMI code. Before the update I can easily do speed dial.

A smartphone just like I needed and the battery last way more than I expected!It fast and the camera has a good quality!

So glad to find a modern phone with an alternate keyboard! I ditched the Samsung Exhibit for this model. Great phone at a great price.

This phone is the best phone I've ever owned. It is clearly under price since it can do all the stuffs that S3 can do plus is just as fast or even faster.

Great phone, but the battery life seems to be short. Overall has a great layout and very user friendly! Was very pleased with the product

Got this device today but after 15 minutes of turning on the device and adding the sim card i got the sim card not found error. Turns out a factory reset solved the problem for now so lets see how that goes.Other it is an amazing dual core device... its fast, a bit ugly and the keyboard will take a lot of getting used to... raise em keys samsung...

Very cool and interesting smartphone.It can do everything which you expect from a modern smartphone.I just do not like it (and rated 4) because Android combines all contacts (from gmail, sim card, facebook, viber, ...) it is very confusing

takes awhile to dig through all the features, down thru all the layers - to find how to turn off data/roaming........but I got it b/c  of the keyboard.

Love having the slide out qwerty keyboard ! I bought this to use on my Straight Talk account and so far, with the exception of trying to get the sending of and the receiving of pictures via text is wonderful. I will be super happy when we can get the picture issue straightened out ! The phone itself...love it !

it was easy to link to straight talk. This phone was everything i wanted. Its a good size without being too big. the battery is great, the touch screen is accurate. i can download apps go online and have my music on it. There is plenty of space and i really enjoy it. The camera is awesome. i love the front facing one. ive owned this phone for about a month, the only trouble i've had is  my slide out key board has frozen on me twice, if i just use the touch keyboard it usually resolves or i restarted my phone. i would recommend this to anyone that is looking for a smartphone but wants a slide out keyboard. facebook,snapchat,instagram all work great on it. i really think that its money well spent.

It works fine. A little nicks here and there. Wasn't too happy that I had to erase the former owners pictures. Would have appreciated a clear memory.

a great phone, Tmobile user, upgraded to ICS w/o any issue in less than 30 minutes, more than I hoped for.great price on top of that. happy, very happy.

i bought this phone in december 2012, and i have to say that is amazing, i used to use the laptop everytime cause i had a basic phone and now i just use this phone to do almost everything.. i upgraded to 4.0.4. through samsung kies and it works perfectly, for me this phone is better than an iphone 4s and is cheaper... 100% Recommended.

I was looking for a smartphone with physical keyboard cause on screen keyboard sucks.I found and purchased this phone when it was around 380$ a while ago.. and I thought I was great for it's prize. I worked nicely right out of the box, unfortunately after 3 weeks it just locked up. I had to pay for the unlocking code from www.cellunlocker.net that worked like a charm..Even with that I was happy with it.. Very nice keyboard, multitouch, enough storage space, fine camera.After 6 months I started to get a little bored.. so I started modifying it and I discovered rooting and flashing roms.. it was getting-a-new-celphone excitement.It's been 13 months now and I've been flashing differnt roms and right now there are many 4.3 android roms and they are great.On top of all that.. now the phone is around 63% LESS than a year ago! that is awesome. I mean not for me but for the general idea.

I have discovered the following issues with the phone.1. The screen lock function is not working, not able to lock screen.2. The GMail app and even EMail, is showing old deleted items in inbox.Please help!!!

This is a great phone. When reading reviews make sure they are not referring to the sellers problem and concentrate on the phone itself. I have had no problems with the phone. I love it! Its easy to use my battery last for almost 2 day depending on how many games my kiddos play on it. Very lightweight nice screen. I would recommend it to anyone as I love having a keyboard not a touch screen and its a thin phone for having a keyboard!

This actually came with the Android 4.04 update already installed.  Works great, looks fantastic, a super upgrade from my old phone.  Yes, the keyboard buttons are flat and I wish they had a bump or something, I knew that from reviews before I bought it.  Came in the original box with everything as advertised.  I had to go buy a new charging cable cause the one that came with it was DOA but with the cheap manufacture of cables these days, it was what was original equipment so not the seller's fault.  Now, on to learning how to use this bad boy.

This is a great phone!  It works well and does all the things you would expect from an android phone.  My only complaint is that the battery that was sent was not a genuine Samsung battery so the battery life is HORRIBLE!!!! Other than that it is a great phone.

This is a nice phone with good features. The screen may be considered small when comparing to the LG F6 or the Galaxy or Note but it's a decent size. I don't like that the screen isn't scratch resistant and that it easily can slip/slide out of your hand and or off the table.  It's a decent phone and reasonably priced.

I bought this phone around October (with rush order to replace my pervious phone, which was knock off brand phone). My first impression of the phone is pretty great. I wanted something smaller (since my previous phone had a 5.3 inch display) but I didn't want it to be too small. I love the look and feel of the phone. I have dropped it several times and it has not scratched or broken in anyway (though I do have a case). One of my complaints about this phone is the fact that it is only semi unlocked (which can easily be fixed by rooting but not everyone can root d: ). This basically means some features won't work, for example I have unlimited data but since the phone is AT&T I need "permission" to use tethering or hotspots (which kind of sucks, I have unlimited data for a reason, you know). Also, a lot of the AT&T default features are annoying and take up unnecessary space (which again can be fixed by rooting). But overally it is a really nice phone and the 4G is awesome.

I was originally purchasing this phone for when I travel international.  My wife loved it so much she took it. It is fast and you can update the Android software.  The slide keyboard is a nice feature for those whom don't prefer the touch screen.  I would also like to say watch whom you purchase products from on Amazon. If more reviewers would post the name of there seller, we could eliminate the bad apples.  I always look for the Amazon Prime sellers. This phone was factory unlocked and purchased from &#34;LIGHTAHEAD&#34;

I was one hundred percent pleased with everything about my experience with Soonersoft. They were prompt, considerate, and concerned with me getting the device I needed. I've already recommended these guys to friends and family and am planning on coming to them for future needs.

This item does not allow for a strong case - our unit quit charging after 5 weeks.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT

I do like the phone but there are some issues.A problem with the phone itself is, often when I open the slide-out keyboard, the phone powers off. That seems to be a design flaw to me.Also, this phone, though unlocked, is still dependent upon the AT&T; network. If you're in the boonies (as I often am), you won't have Internet access (other than WiFi) and you won't be able to send or receive MMS (picture texts).In general, the phone is great and if you're in or near a decent-sized metropolitan area, this phone's service is great, too.I *do* want to make clear: these are problems with the phone itself and not with the seller. I could not be more pleased with the seller; in this case, Joycells.

If I would have paid more for this phone I would probably rate it a bit lower. I am comparing it to phones in the $150.00 price range. I looked at hundreds of phones, literally, before I got this one. I needed a unlocked GSM phone, and I did not want to pay more than 200 bucks for it. I dropped my last one and broke the screen after a year, so I don't think it is worth paying $500 or more for a phone.The Good:The phone itself is pretty great. The screen has a beautiful (Super Amoled) display. The performance is also very good. Apps run well and I have not had any crashing or shut down issues. I really did not care about the qwerty keyboard, but despite the fact that it has one, the phone is very thin and light. The keyboard stays locked in and you would not even know it is there. I like a aftermarket keyboard app called swiftkey, because it predicts what word you will type next and it saves you a ton of typing. I put that on this phone and I use it more than the qwerty one. The hardware keyboard does come in very handy for some apps, like the Wells Fargo app, because the on screen keyboard covers to much of the screen. So I use the qwerty keyboard when it makes sense, best of both worlds. This phone has more on board memory than any phone I have ever had. I am a software junky so I like a lot of apps. I have over 40 apps on here and I'm only using about half of the space so far. I did put a 16 GB SD card in and of course I move all the apps that are able to the card. Still, every app that you move to the SD card leaves something on the device, and some apps can't be moved at all. I have a android 7" tablet and with 40 apps on it you run out of space. I will probably never need to worry about free space on this phone, for the first time in my life, which is nice.The Bad:The battery. Battery  life is not all that great, worst than any android device that I have owned. When I did research on this phone I noticed that it was released almost two years ago, so it was sitting on a shelf for a couple of years and the battery could be a bit stale. This will not be a problem, really, since there are many replacement battery options out there. I have found batteries ranged in price from $11 to $30 for this phone. I put an app called "Advanced Task Manager" on here and it helps a lot. This app kills all of the processes when the screen shuts down automatically. The camera is good (8 MP), but I was expecting a little better. My old phone had a 5 MP camera, and I really don't think this camera is better. I have had a problem with this camera depositing a check with the Wells Fargo app. My old phone would do it without fail. I tried at least 20 times with this one, and it could not focus properly. I ended up driving 16 miles to the bank. The pictures that I have taken, quite a few, turned out pretty good though. My old 5 MP camera (smartphone) took good pictures as well. A lot of the phones that I looked at in this price range had only 3 MP cameras, so the 8 MP one on this phone was a big factor toward getting this one. The problem with the Wells Fargo app could be the fault of the app. I will try it again when I want to deposit a check, and I will make sure the lighting is better.Bottom line:This is a great phone for the money. It has plenty of internal storage space and seems to perform well no matter what I throw at it. The qwerty keyboard is nice to have, and it does not bulk the phone up or weigh it down. The camera takes good pictures, even though I wish it was even better. The battery life is horrid, about eight hours on stand by, before I put the "Advanced Task Manager" app in. The battery now lasts 12 - 15 hours on standby with the task killer installed. That's just with the phone in your pocket. The battery can be replaced with a fresh one, or even a extended capacity one, so its not a deal breaker. I really like this phone, I am excited about Android again.

I make a purchase for a new phone and what I got was a phone used, without box only came in a bag, without battery or charger. this seller is a scammer. advertises a product and upload another. careful not recommend them.

Product was great...however, it was not compatible with my carrier.  if i were posting this product, i would specify clearly in the title that it is strictly for AT&T.

Bought this phone to use on a long trip overseas. From the beginning it did not hold a charge very long.. The charged battery duration continued to decrease where it would only hold a charge for 1 to 2 hours and then it would not charge at all. Had used the phone for less than a week. Took 2 days of searching for identical samsung battery which cost me $40 for new battery and $30 for taxi. Phone worked until battery charge was used up, then unable to charge phone...and unable to use phone because of inadequate battery charge. Was without a phone for the last 3 weeks of the trip. Will return this phone.

Its lightweight, nice display with sharp colors and resolution, but overall is fast! good cellphone which includes keypad. It's not the latest in thechnology but it does what it's supposed to do.

PERFECT replacement.  I broke the screen on my $300 captivate over the weekend and it would cost me just as much to replace the screen versus replacing the entire phone so I purchased this one and will use the broken phone for replacement parts.  Phone arrived on time fully charged.  Just placed my sim card and sd card in the new phone, powered up, called AT&T to replace the old IMEI number with this new one, downloaded the updated Android SW, DONE!!

Bought this as a gift for my cousin and she loves this phone. She said she was in love with the choice of on screen typing or using the slide out keyboard.

I bought it a few days ago cause it was unlocked. When it arrived to Uruguay did not work. It was not only locked but also half operative files were missing. I lost my money, thank u very much!Well,after I wrote my rewiew Amazon contacted me and automatically refound my money and asked me to return the cell phone. I'm really pleased with their response and I'll continue shopping in Amazon! YOU ARE GREAT!

Received the Phone on time, Works Awesome, Only down fall is it does not work very well on T Mobile!!! ( if you live in a larger City it should work fine on T mobile)  Phone was also easy to update to I.C.S. After you Download Samsung Kies.

This phone seemed like something that would work well for my wife BUT it seems to have &#34;bricked&#34; itself. It will not get past the &#34;Rethink Possible&#34; screen even after multiple factory resets. Will return it ASAP!

It's the best cell phone I have ever been in my life, and it's not expensive, I would like fm radio in this cell phone, but anyway it's a very good cell phone.

I love the phone and the Android OS. The full qwerty keyboard made transitioning from a BlackBerry a great experience. The phone is pretty thin for having a full slide-out keyboard. The phone was unlocked and works great with T-Mobile.

I really like this phone.  The style, weight and ease of use.  The only issue I have at all is the battery does not last as long as I would like, even though I am not a big game/user on the phone.

The Bluetooth connection has been in and out continuously in my car speaker phone systerm and it's impossible to use. I am not sure if the phone is messed up or what but it's definitely annoying.  My super old Samsung cell phone had no problem with the Bluetooth connection in my car. This phone is not cheap and it shouldn't have any problems with some basic features. What a waste of money.

Excellent phone . keyboard did freeze a couple of times . battery has a full days use. still will have to charge every night just like any other

good performance but the battery doesn't last enough. the touchscreen is smooth to use, the keyboard is a great plus

I bought this quad band unlocked phone for a trip to New Zealand and intend to use it back in the USA when I return. The phone is truly unlocked as the New Zealand Telecom SIM card plugged right in and has worked very well. I had some difficulty activating the phone's hotspot feature (maybe due to AT&T; software), but I downloaded the FoxFi App and it works great now.The phone has Android version 4.0.4 and works well. The battery drain is significant with heavy RAM apps like Google Maps, but the standby time is acceptable. It charges relatively quick. I bought the phone for the QWERTY keyboard as I text a lot, and the keyboard takes some getting used to. It's much easier to miskey a letter on this phone vs. my previous phone, but it's still better than typing on the ridiculously small letters on the touch screen. Typing numbers is awkward.For the price (about $150) this is a GREAT unlocked phone that will give me lots of flexibility to use the phone if I am traveling abroad, and to choose my carrier in the USA.

Its an awesome phone but I am really not happy with this one in peticular it has already caused me issues, it cutsout when I am on the phone. It has shutoff on me and just caused me problems

Great cellphone! I haven't tried using other sim to verify that it's unlocked. The slide qwerty needs practisenand time to be comfortable in using itSo far it meets my expectations.  Will write another review soon.

I doubt if this phone is sold as new. As this phone reboots suddenly. Sometimes, i don't even receive calls (not a signal problem though).

So, originally I bought this phone and it arrived unlocked, everything I wanted, BUT it would not charge unless the charger was at an insane angle. I returned it and bought another one.Now I've had the second one for a month and it is great so far. When I first got it, I had to enter an unlock code, but it was provided on the box. Now it is unlocked, the keyboard is great, it holds its charge well. I get 3G or 4G reception in most places. I haven't had any problems with it dropping calls or anything. The screen looks nice and the 8MP camera takes sharp pictures. It is a great phone for a smartphone with a keyboard and I would definitely recommend it.

The phone was received in fine physical condition from the seller. However, the phone did not have the latest version of software. The phone can't receive software updates now or any time. Therefore the phone was outdated when I received it from the seller. After a month of use and another software update, the phone is effectively obsolete. Updated apps will not run. Nowhere in the seller's description is this serious defect identified. When the seller was contacted, I was essentially told tough luck.

This is an older phone, so obviously its specs don't match up with recent phone releases. That being said, for the price, it's a great purchase. The physical keyboard is a nice touch and if you're someone who doesn't need to use it, it's non intrusive and you never need slide it out. The camera is excellent and takes photos and videos that are both sharp and vibrant in colour. The battery life is average but I managed to greatly improve it by installing an app and ensuring that wifi and mobile data were off when not being used.It came unlocked as the seller specified and with Android 2.3 installed. I had some trouble updating to Android 4.0.4 using the Samsung software (Kies) but eventually found another official tool that completed the update. The phone handles the new OS like a champ and I have not experienced any glitches or hardware issues as yet.I definitely recommend this phone for someone who might want a phone with solid specs but isn't willing to shell out for one released more recently.

unlike the last phone i bought from amazon, this ones advertisments were all true. its refurbished, which means they supposedly sent it back to the maker to fix it up to new standerd. but the phone arrived with alot of scratches, luckily none on the screen, and the indication light does not work. but besides those little problems the phones awesome. slides out nicely, all the buttons feel fine and work,  and no software issues. the phone is rlly fast. i bought stylish protective cases for me phone which hide all the scratches and makes the phone over all feel and look better. over all i love this.

love the phone easy to root easy to customize needs an extended battery in my opinion. fully unlocked have tried several sim cards in it they all work. the physical keyboard is a bit uncomfortable to use at first but i got used to it. kinda disappointing though because that was the main reason i got thisafter 3 months ive changed it to 2 stars the phone was nice but basically fell apart on me. the battery cover started to crack and had to be held together with tape. the usb/charging port began to loosen and finally fell apart today making the phone useless unless you get an external battery charger. maybe i got a dud

My teenager loves this phone....she dropped her first one in water and it lasted another 6 molnths before we ordered another one.  Hope this one continues to amaze her!

I bought this phone as a cheap replacement to my dead Xperia U. I must say I am very pleased with the performance and the different features.The camera is good, call quality is decent and it is quite responsive, it hasn't froze on me yet *knocks on wood*.The keyboard isn't the nicest thing in the world to use but once you get used to it, it can be quite fun.Over all good buy in my books.

When I got this phone it would stay on for most of the day but after the warranty ended, the phone could barely stay on for 8 hours. We've bought a new battery and it has done nothing. Now we are stuck for 5 months with it until we can get another phone from an upgrade. I would not recommend getting this phone.

The five stars of my review is more for the company than for the phone. I really like this phone. But I had problems with it. I wasn't sure if it was the phone or the service. It wouldn't ring or receive texts. OrderInstant allowed me to return it for an exchange or a refund. I was able to exchange for the same phone. The new one was still having issues. I performed a firmware upgrade and so far it seems to be working properly. I hope it is fixed because this phone has all the features I wanted, keyboard, 8 mp camera, wi-fi, etc. I am confident that if there is an issue OrderInstant will help me make it right.

this i exactly what i ordered and its in good condition and i love the phone. the only bad part was that there was still videos on it from the preivous owner.

This phone has plenty of memory. With my previous phone,  I had to constantly delete apps, text messages and etc. to make room. Even installing an SD card did not help. The call clarity is quite good and the camera takes excellent pictures.

A good phone if you need a physical keyboard, fast and good enough for the avarage user. I bought it to be used in Mexico and it works perfectly as it came unlocked. The price is top!

It is smaller than I had expected. I need a larger keyboard. Perhaps I will try another Samsung. I will do more research.

I may have liked this - I don't know.  It was loaded with the 4.0 OS, but it came with no battery!!!!  Back it goes!  Thank goodness for Amazon's return policy!!!

I just loved this phone. It's unlocked as they said and it's a beautiful smartphone. But i really need you to answer me this: If i update the phone using the Samsung Kies Tool, will i lose my unlock? I really need to know this.

I bought this phone for a friend as she wanted an unlocked Android phone with a QWERTY keyboard. The phone worked all right for a few weeks but stopped working after that with an error screen requesting an unlock code. I have contacted the seller three times asking for help and they haven't managed to get the phone unlocked.I do not understand why they would sell this phone as an unlocked phone when it does not seem to be one. Very disappointed with the seller and left with an unusable phone right now.
