
The phone is very good. I recived it in perfect conditions and it is better than I expectef with the price I paid.

So far I love this phone.  Perfect size, great reception, great clarity and nice features.  Only bad thing is that all of the instructions came in Spanish only.

So it is a cool phone, delivered with no signs of use. I put my ATT sim card in and It made called my dads phone to see if it worked and it called and answered just fine, but after that it would not let me call or text any number at all. Everytime i try calling it says " No network available, emergency calls only" Just like the "ATT droid pro" youtube vid.

This phone is very slow and freezes a lot. Sometimes I'll open an app and it'll take too long to load, and the phone will just turns itself off. It's only $100, so I guess you &#34;get what you pay for.&#34; The design of the keypad is terrible because the letters are so close together and my fingers are pretty small so... I guess it's something you just have to get used to it. The camera quality is 5 megapixels but it's a lot more grainy than it should be. If you want a good phone that's around the same price, get a samsung galaxy s blaze. It has 4G, better quality photos, and it's much faster and not laggy. Oh yeah, for some reason the video player will only sometimes work. Though I've never been able to open up a snapchat video and I've uninstalled and reinstalled the flash player, snapchat app, and changed the video settings. I've done some research and found no solution. I've never had a problem playing videos with my other smart phones. I give it two stars because it works, but it's short from being anywhere near great.

"GSM-based global services work only with a SIM card supplied by Verizon Wireless or by another GSM 900 or GSM 1800 service provider. When you set your phone to use a GSM 900 or GSM 1800 network you may be prompted to enter a subsidy code. To get this code, contact Verizon Wireless."  Not found anyone online that can get it to work on att in US.

Phone shuts self off unpredictably as if short-circuited. Features work wonderfully, just frustrating not knowing the cause of the power failures of this phone, especially when using it for first line communications.

Got it for a friends girlfriend and shes playing with it now. She seems happy. I guess its way better than her otherr smarphone...a Black berry.

phone works great, just popped in my att sim card and it worked great. you dont even need a data plan for the phone to work.

It is not compatible to other networks such as t-mobile, at&t,etc as it was described. Is a Verizon phone, but is a nice phone.

I have used it for few days,It has been very helpful so far. Any other revew would be able in the close future.

Really a nice phone among the low price smartphone. Android 2.3 gingerbread works good, 5 megapixel camera with flash and 8 giga micro sd included. The phone works good, sometimes it's a bit slow if you have a lot of apps open but it's good for the price. The keybord is very small but nice and the screen is big enough to watch video and movies! I don't like Motorblur bacause you can't erase it!

I expected that phone would be unlocked but not. the phone is locked. and i can not use. is bad for me.

It wasn't the manufacturers box it wasn't in plastic and it wasn't as clean as other phones I've gotten on Amazon. For a refurbished piece of equipment...... I really expected a lot cleaner......... But that said it works. No problem so far.

despues de un mes de uso se da&ntilde;o el sonido y no sono mas, se pegua y reinicia constantemente, no lo recomiendo

All we need in a good product, virtual keypad and physical are excellent, quality pictures, used in Venezuela with Movilnet, Movistar and Digitel, no problem.

This product arrived just as advertised. But when I went to the Dominican Republic, I realized it was not unlocked. It took me two days and another $30 to get my phone unlocked!!!

I gave 4 stars to the unlocked Motorola Droid Pro XT610 because of it fulfills the basic communication and entertainment needs of a pre-teen. Yet setup is a bit cumbersome and the device is unable to receive images sent via text messages.The Motorola Droid Pro XT610 is a good device for a pre-teen who loves to text with an actual QWERTY keyboard but still wants the touchscreen capabilities for games. It is robust yet light. Google Play provides access to music and games. I found having a Motoblur account and a Google account on the same phone a bit confusing.The biggest drawback was that I was unable to receive pictures sent to me via text messages using a T-Mobile account.

It's a good phone, depends on your expectations. I very well know what I was getting. An android phone with text capacity and better memory and sufficient processor speed for daily life. For gaming and exxxtra videos and stuff I got the Nexus 7.  The camera is pretty good(and I'm a photographer) and I'm satisfied with it . I got mine with android 2.2.2. The internet and gps work great. The screen is also good enough and readable. Overall I'm very satisfied with the purchase, even in these time when (almost)every kid has/wants/gets iphones and stupid unnecessary stuff.

I purchased this cellphone about a month ago and it's actually a great phone, it's worth the price, but in my case what I got was an unlocked Motorola Pro XT610, That's NOT THE SAME as Motorola Droid Pro XT610, you don't actually get to loose important features but you have too know this detail if you expect to receive the model specified in the listing name, the only con in this is that because of the firmware this device CAN NOT BE UPDATED to the latest software version available to it (2.3.6 gingerbread), it comes with 2.2.2 Froyo as default. You can try and search on the internet for replacement firmwares compatible with this specific model in order to make an update to the latest software.

I bought this for straight talk and you can use it for straight talk (which is a terrible company in Texas, 0 stars for straight talk) and after a month of use I could not receive calls and when I did I couldn't hear them and they couldn't hear me. It lags and freezes too! This is a European phone so the charger comes with a converter for the adapter. This phone is a large waste of money...Note:  If you are looking for a no contract company, speaking from experience Boost is the way to go, look for a phone for them.

i got one in november 2012 and now in march 2013 i got this boot error and i cant find no one that fix this. just like that.

I love it! Its what I need for work, allows me play my favorite games in between clients, and documents with ease.

In general, I love this phone, great keyboard and responsive touchscreen. Ended up rooting the phone, getting rid of the main battery draining apps, setting the CPU to scale between 300mHz and 1gHz depending on need, and setting up a task killer for everything else. I can now use it all day, including streaming a good bit of music and only have to plug it in at night before bed. If I didn't use it for streaming, I'd probably get a lot more. Basically, if Motorola/Verizon didn't load it with so much crap it would be an almost perfect phone. The screen's not as big as some of the other phones, like the Thunderbolt, but I like the overall size of the phone better. Would definitely recommend if you didn't intend to keep a stock configuration. Otherwise, look elsewhere. It also feels kind of cheaply made compared to some of the other offering out there, but I haven't suffered any hardware problems with it.Pros: Excellent internal memory. Good camera. Comfortable keyboard and precise.

Occasionally crashes, but it's small and does the job of a phone with wifi.

This phone has everything - a good operating system, great camera, easy-to-sync e-mail and other business-friendly programs, Kindle pre-installed and more apps than you could ask for. The physical QWERTY keyboard is a must for someone who doesn't fully trust touchscreens or doesn't like the virtual keyboard. I have small hands, so the small keyboard and screen are easy to use.I would have given this phone 5 stars if it weren't for the trouble I've had. The first Pro I ordered would &#34;power cycle,&#34; constantly rebooting itself. And I do mean constantly. It would stay on for about 5-10 minutes before turning itself off and back on again. I'd have to turn it off completely during meetings because the phone shouts, &#34;DROID!&#34; every time it boots up. So Verizon exchanged it, and I was thrilled with the phone until the Android OS updated itself and immediately the screen stopped working properly. It freezes randomly and often. When it does, I touch the power button to turn the screen off, but when I push it again sometimes I can't even unlock the screen because it's already frozen. I've missed phone calls because of this, which is unacceptable if you use your phone a lot for work.The result, of course, from the constant freezing is that the battery drains a whole lot faster. It has to be charged at least 2-3 times a day. Eventually I gave up on it and went back to using an old enV 2 until our contract expires - not a smartphone, but at least it functions the way it should.

its a very nice phone and works perfect I have not got any problem with it,i love it because it reads my 32gb memory card so I can listen to music and its battery life is excellent compared to other phones I have ever used.

The publication says that this unlocked but when I ask them to vendors say it is not so only works for cdma really want to know if this works and if unlocked global gsm thanks

El Tel&eacute;fono es muy completo, dise&ntilde;o moderno y c&oacute;modo, men&uacute;  f&aacute;cil de utilizar. La pantalla muestra los colores brillantes, la c&aacute;mara toma excelentes fotos. Muy contenta con el producto. Lo recomiendo

Me ha funcionado excelente en Venezuela y es super r&aacute;pido! lo recomiendo! Me llego en perfectas condiciones. Amo mi nuevo telefono!

I must say this phone was really good for emails and surfing the web. I had a problem with people hearing me. The problem gradually got worse and now less than a year after owning this phone I sound muffled to the other person I am talking to. I bought the phone new so its really frustrating that I have to buy another phone long before the contact is up. Otherwise I could get my phone for free or really cheap if it had only lasted for two years rather than barely one year. It had slight water damage from me dropping it in water but I don't know if that's what made it get worse or what? Email works well, besides it takes a long time to turn on and the sound.

it has a dead spot on the screen from the home button all the way up. when i was turning it on to see if it worked it keep going to the black screen back to the lock screen repeatedly and the other phone looked like it had been worked on and didn't look right behind the battery door. i am not satisfied at all and i want every penny of my money back.

If you have T-Mobile or AT&T; sim chip, never order it!It is not working for you.In addition, I ordered used one and because the simchip was not working for mine, so that I returned it.However, The seller refunded me only 50% of my money, because the seller argued that 'You made my phone scratches !&#34;I'm surely not make any scratches on the phone!; as soon as I got this one, I tried Simchip and when I found mine is not working, I put it again to envelope.If you have no plan 'refund', This is good. However, if you consider refund, you may have to 50% of your money deduction.!

Excellent choice

This cellphone works in Venezuela and is very very fast. I like it so much. The screen is big. =)

I hate texting on a touchscreen, but I like using touch for other features. My phone of choice was the BB Bold, but I couldn't afford it so I searched high and low for another option and discovered this phone. So far I love this phone, and I think the reason the reviews are either hit or miss is because there are two different versions of this phone being shipped.The first phone I ordered turned on fine, made calls and texts, but the wifi  would not work. I loved the way the phone was made so I returned it and ordered another in hopes that the first was just a defective phone. Imagine my surprise when the next one I received worked perfectly...because it's a different version of the same phone. The LED notification light is steady instead of blinking, the available wallpapers and apps are slightly different, the phone feels lighter overall, and the back is rubbery instead of slick and shiny. The second phone also came with the ugliest charger I have ever seen (the first once came with the light up charger that's pictured by the seller) and no memory card.So far all features are working perfectly. The phone is quick, responsive, and customizable. You do have to search around in the settings to disable many of the &#34;helpful&#34; features (man do I hate predictive text lol), but you can change many of the factory settings. It doesn't have the latest and greatest version of android, but it does have some useful shortcut widgets and other features. You just have to play with it a bit to find them. I looovee the keyboard, but then again I do have skinny fingers so maybe that's why it doesn't bother me.As far as carrier goes, I use a GSM cell service that's unique to my local area, but it's very similar to AT&T; and T-Mobile and the phone is working fine for me. I'm sure not all features are compatible, but that's a risk you take when you order online. The phone is unlocked, but keep in mind if you ever update this phone it will most likely lock again.

excellent phone. A drawback is that it does not allow to program a key for the shutter camera. But it is practically innecesary

This was a great phone especially because it still had the built in keyboard. I broke the screen on mine was I still use it for games, music and picture.

This is a crappy phone. When I got it and opened the package and took it out of its box and put the battery in I immediately had problems. It says I was touching the screen when I wasn't it would close my apps and music constantly I can't stand it so I traded it in for the Sony Xperia Play which is great exactly like a psp. anyway don't waste your money on droid rookie I mean pro

Took a couple of weeks to get used to the small screen on this thing.  It has a nice resolution, so no problem reading at it.  The only unfortunate thing about the xt610 is the size and layout of the keyboard.I got the phone because it is the only candy bar style phone with decent hardware out there.  And I got it to replace my ageing BB-7290.The xt-610 is fast (with an Cortex-A8 running the show) but the size of the keyboard ruined it for me.  There just is no space for an adult size hand to type in this crammed keyboard. And,there is no way to hold it while typing because there is no space below the keyboard to hold the phone while you type.  Not to mention there are no cursor keys. no up, or down or left and right.  so good luck trying to correct a typo.  there is a software thing on screen but it's worthless because it does not activate on every app.  you can backup typo's on evernote but on the browser it will not work. the idiots who designed this keyboard should loose their jobs!Old style blackberry's had a nice keyboard and lots of room for an adult hand.  I do not understand this running away from the keyboard by the phone industry.(??).  I don't care what sales people tell me at phone vending places, but typing on a hard screen is irritating.(a keyboard makes typing a breeze), of course there will by lots of typing on a smart-phone, the thing is a portable computer.I guess I will have to wait for the new windows phones, I have seen prototypes of nice and wide keyboards WITH a nice and big screen. WITH cursor keys.  the Galaxy note is popular, and it's huge.  Why can't phone makers make a decent candy bar phone with a decent screen with cursor keys????Too bad, the phone is fast and has plenty of memory.  I had to give it to my nephew, he still has small hands.smartphones designed by dumb-bells

This is not a Verizon cellphone as posted on one of the images... will not be able to activate phone with PagePlus or Verizon.

Screen could be a little bit brighter but good enough for the model. Camera is not great especially at night. Sound is great...very loud and clear. Buttons are a little bit close together but you gey used to them eventually

Bought the phone as a short term replacement for my wife. Biggest issue with phone is that it is wifi only. Other than that the phone serves her purpose until she can upgrade later this year.

its the best phone I ever had. bought mine then bought one for boyfriend and one for mom. they are so fast, so much storage and so many apps. 3,000 pictures and still fast. the best of a touch screen but with an easy to type keyboard. great camera. highly recommend

I am very satisfied. The state of the product is really new and in good condition. Excellent product and service. Thank you very much.

The key board letters and numbers are far too small if you have big fingers, also this model is a bit dated now.

Half the time the phone's touch screen fails to work.  I have to restart the phone 1-2 times per day to get it to work correctly.  Keyboard sucks, keys are way too small for my fingers.  The worst is when using the top row of keys and you accidentally hit the 'Home' or 'Return' buttons and it cancels what you were doing.  Apps suck too.  Most of them fail half the time and the suck down.  Don't even take this phone out the box.  Light the box on fire and walk away.

You could not pay me to use this phone again. It collects dust. Has a horrible screen and a crappy keyboard full of double taps. You would be better off not having a phone.

Cannot tell you whether this phone was good or bad. Ordered it for my husband who, after using a few days, found it too complicated for him.

I originally went to this phone from a Blackberry and whoa, what a step up it was!! It was fast, had WAY more features and was everything I wanted and more; plus I love the keyboard! About 6 months in the battery life went to nothing. I found a battery on Amazon for about $3 and the problem was fixed, no biggie.One year in to owning....I have never dropped the phone, it has always been protected by a case, and it has no water damage to the device or the battery. Starting month 10 the phone would click on random apps I had never clicked on and open them. No big deal, I would just click the Home button a few times and everything would be fine. By month 11 apps started moving to my home screen and disappearing from my home screen because the phone thought I was clicking on all these things at once, so I constantly had to fix all my apps on my screen. It was annoying, but I dealt with it because I still really liked the phone. Then, month 14 comes (mind you, phones should last 2 years) it started freezing up and I would have to take the battery out just to get it to work. It would function for about a minute and then freeze again, leading me to have to remove the battery and replace it again. After a day of that headache, it wouldn't turn on. It sits there and says "Droid" over and over and acting like it's loading to turn on, but never does. Again, I need to remove the battery and put it back in. This phone has no damage to it whatsoever, there is no rhyme or reason to it, it just stopped working.For the price, maybe it's worth it to some. If you plan on having this phone for any longer than 6-12 months, it's perfect for you and you won't regret it. If you're like normal people and want to keep the same phone for the length of a forced 2 year contract, think again. It's not going to last that long and you're just going to end up having to replace it.I would recommend this phone for short term use, or for someone that doesn't use their cell phone a lot. I do a lot of texting, talking, emailing, and the use of apps to play music (which it sucks at by the way!) and other apps/games, so my use was quite frequent.Either way, feel free to take a risk with this phone, maybe it'll be worth it, but maybe not. It's a gamble with this phone!

It was a gift for my dad (70 ) and he is so happy and excited with the phone, taking pictures everywhere, chating, etc,etc.

Excellent phone, very fast highly recommend it the relationship value is high a full computer, the only comment if you can criticize is that android 2.2, but I highly recommend it.

This phone is great replacement for my old phone. I was a little nervous at first that it would be compatible with T-Mobile, my current carrier. It works great though, no problems.

this phone is the only yet best i've ever had. it has a very responsive touchscreen, a very awesome keyboard that allows you to insert and view the whole screen at the same time, just as long as you get used to it and very fluent(it doesn't take very long). there is an excellent camera and a very bright flash. there are seven different home screens that you can edit on the phone, not go on your computer. everything's adjustable. direct access to the app store and google play. very nice phone, and the price is a lot better than the one on the moto website. (it didn't come with the micro sd like it said it would.):-P

This product is not compatible with American cell phone providers. I could not use it at all with Verizon (the only American provider that actually carried this phone) and when I brought it to providers who did use SIM card technology, I was unable to get internet service. This is basically a talk and text phone with limited service provider choice. Not much for an 'unlocked' phone. This phone must be a European model/import and should not be bought for use with American providers. That being said, I like the phone. Had it been compatible with American providers, I would have kept it.

Very sorry for this purchase!The battery discharges too quickly, so you need to recharge it 3 or more times a day.The badly designed physical keyboard, as well as being extremely small keys, each having an inclined surface very uncomfortable to press.Brings no AM / FM.The virtual keyboard appears like it or not when you tilt to landscape. You are not allowed to choose.It has an external button shortcut that can not be programmed with the desired function. The default takes you to the calendar. I prefer the camera.Can not delete cry greeting: DROID!, Which makes the turn it.And worst of all: Often when writing the screen locks!, And only way to fix is to turn off the computer, which you lose everything you've started writing. But even this prevents not happen again switched on. It is fatal!

Exactly as expected - I was looking for an android phone with proper keyboard so I can type messages/emails quickly and I got what I expected. Also voice calls quality is very good much better than I had with Google Nexus One. It did hang for me once for last 3 weeks though it's not any worse than my old Google Nexus One. Also works fine with O2 UK sim card.

Great Phone, and after a year of having it the price has not changed. I am not sure if that's due to inflation, or the product being the rare only one with a QWERTY keypad and decent sized Droid touchscreen, so demand is high.It is not as rugged as previous Motorola devices I have owned, and after dropping it over the year, the vibrator, and ear speaker are dead, and I have to use a Bluetooth. It freezes occasionally and needs a reboot, when running intense apps like WAZE or GOOGE MAPS when the internet reception is no good.
