
after the first few weeks the phone started to act up... worst phone I ever gotten ever!!!!!  I highly recommend to not get this phone.

The one you guys sent me is damaged it only worked for about 2 days then stopped working the phone can't charge no more I try charging it but it does not work can I please get e refund.

The screen freezes, it blacks out and will not allow you to do anything. You have to take the battery out to reset it.I'm disappointed with it, I only had it for six months. Now I'm on my way to purchase another phone not this brand

Apart from a weak battery, I love this thing! The only thing it doesn't have( for my purposes) is auto-focus on the camera, but I didn't look for that when I bought it. It wasn't a &#34;need&#34; for me, but I've found some apps that require auto-focus to work. I've had it for a month, and dropped it several times, without incident (no armor casing) haven't put it to the water test yet, but I'm sure it will happen on its own. This is a 3G phone, but since BM doesn't have sufficient 4G coverage in the area, I have no complaints about connecting indoors or outside, I haven't lost a call since upgrading

nice  phone i like how its water proof and video and music will still play while submerged in cup of water. the camera and video recording isnt that bad. battery life is good, im not a cell phone addict like girls are so it lasts me couple days.

This phone is horrible.  Freezes, the sensor malfunctions constantly leaving me with a black screen.  Shuts off for no reason.  Battery life lasts for a day if that.  And no its not because I have apps running constantly.  I knew this phone had some bad reviews but bought it anyways because of the price.  Big mistake.

This phone has been great!  I text a lot and once I figured out how to swype, texting was fast and efficient.  I also like the voice to text option.  The phone is easy to use and has many great features and thus far no issues.  Battery life is good, if your not playing games all day and just texting or making phone calls it will last you all day.  Overall an awesome phone!

The phone works and does what it's supposed to do. My only complaint is how long it took me to actually get the phone. I got the phone a week and a half after the projected date and that was after signing up for Amazon prime.

so far ok.  don't know what else to say. thankful to have 3 / that's all folks ! ok !

I wanted a vehicle that could used by someone who only wanted to play with or use apps. It accesses wifi, downloads google apps, has good battery life. Have not used the calling features. Price was great for a lot of entertainment

A good phone, pretty simple.

This is possibly the worst phone I've ever owned.  It drops calls, turns off in the middle of an operation.  The calls are sometimes unintelligible because of the bad audio system on the phone.  It is a good looking phone and has a great Maps program, even then, the maps audio is much too quiet to easily hear and understand.  It's not a bargain.

When I got the phone and opened the package; then I went to put in my SD card; but the hinge was broken on the SD card slot. So, I love the phone (great signal strength, great apps, awesome download times, etc.) but, the fact that it would be able to be damaged that easy and was able to corrupt 2 SD cards. I only give it a 3 star rating. Had it been built better I would have given five.

This phone is really amazing its water proof and you can surf the web really fast my son love it and the price was low if any body looking for a great phone this is it thanks

This phone was to be a cheap replacement for my galaxy s2 that was water damaged. I like that it is waterproof, however, on many occasions it wont make calls, drops calls, silences them, says &#34;activity phone has stopped working&#34;. I have only had it two months, no damage, and already the screen will shut off before i can end a call and wont come back on. There are many other glitches but i thought I was buying at least a working phone to get me through. I dont trust this piece of crap at all! Oh...and mine was brand new, factory sealed. This phone is just not compatible with the way apps run these days, even with only essential things operating.

I got this phone thinking "an Android phone for a decent price? Sure!" Boy was I in for some misery...First, the phone is little more than a glorified "dumb phone," it only sort of runs apps, and half the time the keyboard doesn't even work! The camera is completely unresponsive, if I want people to pose for a picture I have to tell them to keep posing for 10 or more seconds, and it still comes out blurry.It can't run pretty much any app, don't even think about running Clash of Clans, if you happen to play it, because it simply won't work. I mostly use Snapchat, and even that doesn't work half the time.I would not recommend this phone to anyone, get a keyboard phone, at least the keyboard works on those ones.To be fair, there is one good thing about this phone, it's sturdy. It is water resistant and I've dropped it on cement without having any damage except the battery coming out.

Picture this... You've been waiting 2 hours for your gf to call as she's been travelling. When she finally has a small window of opportunity to call, you're excited to see the incoming call notification on your screen. You go to swipe the screen, and absolutely nothing happens. You keep on swiping and swiping, while the phone is ringing in your hand. Finally, the call stops. You curse and reboot the phone. You go to call her back. You hit her name on the contact screen, and nothing happens. You wait about 45 seconds, and then hit it again. FINALLY, your phone starts calling her. About 20 seconds into your conversation, the second tap that you made in an attempt to make the call kicks in, and drops the call you're on. True scenario. And it happens on a regular basis. It's also just laggy in general, and just sucks overall. I'm in the pool business, and bought this thinking it would be cool to have a waterproof phone just in case it fell in. I'd rather buy multiple good phones than to own this piece of garbage again.

Bought this phone for another family member, and she loves it . . .  because it is water proof, she is the only one amongst her study group that still uses the phone, regardless if it is raining or not, it has not given her a problem other than having a hard time reading the memory card at first, but eventually the problem was fixed . . . .

I bought this on Black Friday for $40, as an android MP3 player.Fun Fact: There are no actual competitors to the iTouch on the android side.  There is a pitiful player by Samsung that costs several hundred and still only runs gingerbread 2.3.The most appalling part is their website dedicated to convincing you that paying hundreds for an outdated operating system is a good thing!Anyway this phone can take a 32 gig sd card for storing music, pictures, apps, and more.It runs a nearly unskinned version of Ice Cream Sandwich save for the lock screen which is fine.All my favorite apps have been compatible, Google voice for texts, GrooVe IP make phone calls over Wifi, Google music copies your entire music collection over from your computer (it also regularly updates new podcasts from itunes) and often has great deals on new music to add to your collection.  Oh it comes with GPS too!The only complaints I have is the battery life seems a bit light, makes it through the day, but definitely needs to be charged each night. ( Does have a nice automatic eco mode you can set up to kick in when its running low to maximize battery life)Also the screen quality would never be called HD, but watching stuff on netflix and even editing instagram pics works fine.Oh that brings me to the camera, its fine, not great, not bad, pretty much on par for android cameras and great for everyday facebooking or instagram.So you get a great mp3 player running your favorite android with expandable memory apps for about $40.That alone would make it an instant buy.But then the final kicker, the thing is waterproof so if you're walking outside and it starts raining you don't have to worry!Definitely would buy again!

This phone is pretty good for its price. I wasnt expecting much but I actually like it and on here it was like half the price of the phone carrier.

I've had this phone since late December; since then I've had constant problems with it dropping calls, failing to send one text message eight times in a row, opening Pandora randomly, and randomly resetting all the settings on the phone by itself to name a few. Save yourself some money and invest in a better phone.

There's really not a lot to say except that this phone works perfectly. My wife loves it and with Boost mobiles shrinking payment plan, she has an excellent cellphone, with unlimited calling and data, at a price that is well below the cost of any of the postpaid plans you will find.

This purchase was an upgrade from my old Samsung Replenish, and there is no comparison. The first thing I have to point out is that it has 1 Gigabyte of internal memory. No more low memory warnings, yay! So far the capacitive touch screen is very responsive and I have yet to experience any lag.As far as the waterproofing goes, at least I do not have to carry a Ziploc baggy with me when rain is in the forecast, this ought to come in handy when I get caught out in a good ole fashioned &#34;Oklahoma Gully Washer&#34;. Now I am going to have to eat all my rice that I bought for drying out my old phone in emergencies.As far as the OS goes, Ice Cream Sandwich does blow Gingerbread out of the water.Con:The volume and power buttons are nearly flush with the side of the phone, so finding them by touch is a problem. But just about any hybrid case also available here at Amazon should resolve that issue.The MicroSD card does set underneath the battery, so there goes any chance of hot swapping the card for another.The battery cover lock is not that easy to unlock with your thumbnail, but a dime fits in it perfectly.All in all the Kyocera Hydro is a good mid-level phone that is great for anybody that goes outdoors frequently, and I will highly recommend this phone or the new Kyocera Hydro Edge.

Recieved mine 2 days ago and I am totally jazzed.Its got more than what Id expect in a $129 phone:  ICS, 1ghz, and the screen reads well in daylight.  Its light, travels easy in the pocket & does the web well.Now the waterproof thing is really cool.  Drop it in water, dunk it, leave it.  It totally works & goes against all my mental training over the past 10 years on how to treat a phone.  The touchscreen is suprisingly responsive when wet (not perfect) but I can see myself trying underwater video this weekend.  And Im stoked I dont have to have a big bulky phone to get waterproofed as Ive seen before.Well done.

It is a good cell phone it is tough and it works good I would buy 1 for my wife

I am a bit of a klutz. My first smartphone ceased to work after I laid it down in a small puddle of water (the kind produced by a cold can of soda on a hot summer day.) Because of my clumsy nature I had resigned my self to buying used on Craigslist. I bought another Prevail, although it was beat up and worse for the wear,it almost withstood me an entire year. (I drop my phone, typically with the charger still connected, on an average of 5 times a week. I first saw the Kyocera Hydro inside my local Boost Mobile store. The fact that the phone is waterproof immediately drew my attention. However, I was concerned about the price tag. I was thrilled when I found the Hydro on Amazon for 40% less than everywhere else I shopped. So far, the Hydro has exceeded my expectations. Within the first 2 days of owning the Hydro,  I have dropped it on concrete twice. There isn't a scratch on it! The tough plastic screen is more resilient than the glass screen some other phones have. While the phone is sturdy and durable, it isn't heavy or bulky. The  3.5 inch touchscreen is brighter and seems to offer more user space than the comparable Samsung Prevail. The onscreen keyboard is intuitive and intelligent. Unlike the Prevail's keyboard, the Hydro's keyboard doesn't prevent me from being able to fill in username and password boxes on the Internet. The 1ghz  snapdragon processor makes 3G feel like 4G. The speakers and music player are of decent quality. (Loud enough to wake me up with an alarm in the morning) I couldn't say the same for my Prevail. I'm thrilled to finally have a flash accompany the camera. Finally, I live in a basement and had become accustomed to dropped calls. Despite having the same carrier;plan; and number, my Hydro hasn't dropped a call yet! Switching my number from my old phone to my new took less than 10 minutes and completly free. I love this phone and would recommend it to anyone that needs a rugid phone that is as affordable and dependable as it is snappy. Oh yeah, did I mention it is waterproof up to a meter!Sent from my shower :)

I really like this phone. The only thing I don't like is when my phone calls drop or the other person can't hear me at all

I got this phone for my gay lil broz birthday last month.  Great price and features.  When I saw it after he activatied it I was so shocked how nice it was the screen resolution etc.  A MUST BUY!!!! I own a Htc Evo but this is a good cheap basic droid for entry level phone for somebody as well.

Definitely worth more than 30 dollars!!! I only bought it because I was tired of apple products and found this little water proof phone. My only complaint would be that it does not stay connected to my home wifi. Other than that, I love it!!!!

The only down side is that the battery only lasts the day.  Wake up and unplug, go to sleep and charge.  The battery is completely drained by the end of the day with the wi-fi and bluetooth turned off.  There is an &#34;eco-mode&#34; that is meant to save battery, but I have not turned it on yet. Aside from the battery (which does make it through the day...just barely) it is a great android phone.  When I first picked it up, it felt very light and plasticy...but, now I don't notice at all.  Plus it is waterproof and inexpensive.  4 out of 5 stars!

Awesome phone. Only wished I bought two (1 for my wife as well). I switched from Sprint to Boost and there was absolutely no degredation in the service.

I've had this phone for a couple months now, after replacing my Galaxy Prevail, and it's SO MUCH BETTER!!! It really is waterproof, as I dropped it in the bathtub and it worked perfectly. I'm a girl, and I typically keep my phone in my bra, and the sweat doesn't affect the phone at all. I like the multiple screens with app buttons available, and everything runs smoothly and quickly. The keys on the touch keyboard are sometimes a little too small for my fingers, but it's not too bad. My biggest problem has been with battery life. When I first got the phone it was fantastic, but now it's not so good. I often have to charge the phone in the middle of the day even when I haven't really been using it. However, I'm really happy with the phone overall, and for the price, it's hard to beat the value.

i like the phone but havent mastered it . To me its a great phone ,.especially for that price. Ive been recommending it to lots of people and ive been seeing it around alot. I had a galaxy prevail before this and i like this better for seberal reasons. As a matter of.fact i ordered 2 by mistake ,but wss glad i did. I hope i helped. A word to the.wise buy a bigger sd card when you buy the phone if you do alot with your phoneMost importantly as ive said i ordered.2 hydros by mistake. I have a friend who owns and operates a phone store.The 2 kyocera hydro phones i ordered,price,plus shipping and handling stlii totalled out at less than what it wouldve cost there. I showed him the reciept and the boxes they came in to show not only did it cost less but i got it in about 4business days .

The phone is very good over all. It takes time to be able to figure out and find some of the features. It is not even close to any other phone I have had. My wife really likes it. I think my old phone was/is so much better. I am probably going to reconnect my old phone. My wife however doesn't ever want to give this phone up

Id say the speaker could use some fine tuning but what do you want for a waterproof phone. I am always around water and i think its worth 60 bucks

First off it makes calls and receives texts....so that's neat...But the display dies frequentlyThe end button rarely worksThe keyboard is moodyHalf of the time nothing works (android is not responding )Since march I have replaced the battery twiceQuite honestly, I can't stand this phone

I had a Blackberry curve for 3 years and got along, but was feeling like I was getting left behind by technology.I was watching the other formats and knew that Google and android were the next wave of the future and I wanted on that wave. Hydro is my ticket on this ride. Great OS, great price, and doesn't weight as much as my blackberry. I am very pleased with the operation of the Hydro even if the battery could be better.

This phone has problems with shutting off at random times, the screen going black, calls being dropped, being unable to hang up.  This phone is not worth the pittance that it cost to buy.  Invest in something else.

i brought this for my 8 year old soon to be 9 year old. the phone is a great starter phone for a child. I gave it 4 stars because as soon as I put on music for her the speakers blew. the sound is very very low and the ringer you can barely hear it. you get what you pay for I guess. headphones fixes that problem. all the other features work great. I haven't put in water yet because im scared cause the speakers came already jacked up and dunking it in water aint gonna make it no better. I would not buy this phone for myself but its good for a child.

this does not use simcard and i cant use it in my country dem need show photos off under the battery so people can no what to buy instead off wasting money

My very fitst smartphone...Im still learning how to use this thing cause Im 65yrs old and will probably never learn how to utilize all features. However, after a full week of frustration and wanting to smash it with a hammer Ive evolved to a place of total fasination...Im like a child with a new toy and cant stop playing with it. This is a niffty little device that I play with all day long.  Thanks Amazon for the great price and prompt delivery!

Phone likes to lock up when making a call requires removing battery to terminate connection.  Expected more-got less. Time for a new phone and it will not be KYOCERA

Awesome phone. It is really fast and I love that it is waterproof. I would suggest this to other people.

I got this for my girlfriend when her old phone broke. She loves it and is especially happy it's waterproof.

This phone was great until I dropped it into a couple inches of water which killed it even though it claims this is waterproof its not.I was able to return it very easily.

We got the phone new here for 50.00 cheaper then the Boost store , So far we have had it for over a month with no problems, Wife uses the gps everyday and it is dead on everytime and the battery last about 8 hours if you run the gps and phone and stuff same time it dose draw on the battery, we just plug in the car and go. The android system works great, Killer deal here, only took 3 days to come with the wait

Kyocera Hydro Prepaid Android Phone (Boost Mobile)Buenos dias quisiera saber si este tel&eacute;fono viene desbloqueado para cualquier operadora aqui en venezuela????? Saludos

This is a pretty cool phone for the price, and the price is better right now as of 10/21/12 on Boost website for $99.99 and that if dang good price for ice cream sandwich os smart phone!!

The phone works great. I haven't had any problems with this phone, no dropped calls, no interruption on long distance calls. clear calls i am satisfied. Well to pick up where I left off it's been six months since I bought this phone and it does not work any more I don't know what happened between today and last night. but it went kapoot.Kyocera Hydro Prepaid Android Phone (Boost Mobile)

excellent price excellent phone

I bought this phone at Target today for only $9.99.  The screen is small the the resolution isn't good at all.  I bought it to stream music to my car stereo.  See below for detailed info:1.  It is a much better phone than the Kyocera Rise.  It is more responsive to the finger movement.  No much lag.  Obviously, you cannot compare this to more expensive smart phones at his price range.2.  The viewing angle, color accuracy and resolution are subpar.3.  The speaker quality is terrible.  Not clear at all.4.  For whatever reason, there are two little plastic things sticking out by the camera on the backcover.5.  The feel of this thing in my hand is awful.  The bottom part of the phone has rough edges.6.  The camera takes awful pictures.7.  Bluetooth connection is excellent.8.  The battery drains fairly fast.  Like most Android phones, it probably will need to be charged once a day or more.Yes, this phone isn't good at all but at $9.99, it is a cheap MP3 player and it is water proof.  I will be carrying this phone when I go travel in wet places (such as Hawaii).  I was so impressed with the cheap price, I bought two Hydro phones.

Phone stop ringing then the next week itjust cut off and wont charge or come on. Need to have phone serviced or replaced.  Havent had it 90 days. Please help.

This is a good phone for some one whom has used a droid before. I guess to say next leverl from a beginer. You can do so much on this phone its not even funny. The only thing i don't like is some times I'm faster than the phone is which can cause a slight delay in what the task I'm trying to do. Not realy a freez up I don't guess...just a delay. The case of phone is slippery so you will need a phone cover. Other than that I would say try/buy it...you'll I think you'll like it...for the price you can't beet it.

the button suddenly became unworkable and I couldn't have my screen be normal at all without glitching on me and blacking the screen and it would blink yeah the water proof feature and the phone are okay but these phones don't last as much and are cheapy

The phone is very good with good touch screen sensitivity and decent processing capabilities. The one complaint though is the short battery life...

Hardly use the phone but i have to charge it at least once a day. The only manual they provide is online and has not been able to fix many issues i've had when i've used it. This is my 1st smartphone; so i figured i'd have some issues, but this is ridiculous

Very good product for a very good price,  Much better than the phone it replaced, which cost more. Would recommend it for folks on the go.

I loved this phone for about two months. Then the problems began. (I have never dropped it or gotten it wet or changed any of the permissions). Black screen. Disppearing Apps. Freezing up. Closing Apps. Wi-Fi turning itself off constantly. The list goes on...Sent it back to Kyocera for evaluation. They kept it for over a month!!! Sent it back and it was worse than before. Tried to send it back again and their website form would not work. My extra warranty will not kick in until the one-year warranty from Kyocera ends. I regret this purchase and would not wish this miserable little &#34;phone&#34; on anyone.

The phone is nice. I like the features. However when I went to switch out SD cards the SD card holder (which is a flimsy piece of metal) immediately broke.  I am now going to have to take it to boost mobile or something and get it fixed.I bought this phone specifically because it's supposed to be durable and it is, just not on the inside.I can still use the phone, I just can't take any pictures or save any pictures. :((update I was able to ghetto-rig the sd card slot with a pair of tweezers and get it to read the card!!! yay! however whoever designed this to be so flimsy ought to be fired.  I am not going to try changing the sd card in the future for fear of it breaking again.  IF you buy this phone DO NOT change the sd card!!!!)

perfect! im learning about it.for the price its worth it i had a phone that couldnt do nothing. so im  good with this one.

It's a really good phone but the volume is a little crappy and the keyboard is a bit small. But you get what you pay for.

I love the phone. It is great for someone when doesn't  do a lot of gaming. Perfect for me. Use it constantly.

This phone is merely okay.The camera isn't particularly great. The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. A 45 minute phone call will really put the hurt on your battery, not to mention leaving your wi-fi and mobile data connections on. Even with the Eco setting on full all the time, with regular use you can only expect maybe 5 or 6 hours of use before you have to put it on the charger. On the bright side, it does seem to charge quickly if you're using the wall-charger. This phone is fine if you've got a way to charge it in the car and when you're at home. I would be wary though if you're someone who tends to forget your charger a lot. Boost Mobile? I got to give it a &#34;meh&#34; for the Albuquerque area at least. The Sprint network has zero 4G support in ABQ which really bites when you're trying to jam out to Pandora while you're driving and it constantly skips or cuts out. At the end of the day I do still dig this phone because it's my first smart phone and I like being able to use social media apps and radio apps on the go. I'm not a poweruser or anything. But I suppose if you *are* a poweruser you probably aren't scoping out $60 smartphones anyway! Get the Hydro if you're just stoked on the idea of being able to have a smartphone and all that comes with that for the very first time. If you like pretty screens, cameras and playing games, I'd say move along.

I bought this phone in Jan. 2013 by March 2013 my phone would periodically not work. When I was on a call people could not hear me, but I could hear them. By April this started happening on every call. I contacted Kyocera and they said I had to send my phone in to get repaired. They kept my phone for a whole month and when I got it back it was still broken. I called Kyocera again and asked for them to send me a new phone and they are refusing, they want me to send it back to get repaired again. This has been the worst phone Ive ever had and I will not be buying a Kyocero or Sanyo (same company) ever again. Buyers beware!

I got this phone a month ago and I really like it. It freezes sometimes when i turn on the wifi but other than that its a great phone for the price

I have had this phone for 1 month. Before I purchased it, I did research, reviews on YouTube, amazon and this site. Almost everyone says it's a great phone. For $100, it better be. I thought it was gonna be the perfect upgrade from my Rumor Reflex. The hydro is a nice size with no front camera.The first week it was giving me problems. The screen would freeze constantly to where I would have to take the battery out. It was an annoying clicking sound (sounds like someone texting in my ear) during calls. This was just the first week. Second week, the phone would not let me call out; kept saying application call failed. The touchscreen when taking a phone call is very sensitive and ends up clicking over where the person on the other end is wondering did you hang up. Sometimes, when I play music, the speaker is staticty and sounds horrible. I was through with this phone. I called the mobile store that I got it from, and they told me they couldn't me a refund or an exchange because I didn't have insurance on the phone. I feel like I got a lemon and I can't make lemonade with it. I got the insurance and I plan on exchanging it for a new phone. I had to factory reset the phone like 8 times in order to fix problems and spent alot of time re downloading apps. Apps like Snapchat and BeFunky are not compatible with this phone. The good about this phone is the waterproof technology. I touch it with wet fingers all the time, even dropped it in the dishwater (on purpose), and it works like a charm. Besides being waterproof, the phone would be garbage. Kyocera products and their customer service suck, don't ever in your life !

As  first time android phone user, I find this product very functional: accessible, battery life ok, key pad a little small, easy change from phone to apps to camera to email, etc.

This makes my second hydro phone, honestly it sucks. My first phone dropped a foot 1/2. The screen didn't make it. My second phones speaker just stops working when I plugged it in to charge. Now I can't hear people who call me. Wt, after I get another phone, insurance won't pay for it if it messes up. Not so durable as my Samsung before. At least it can swim.

In high school I had a couple kyocera phones and they were AWFUL. I swore I would never buy another one of their garbage phones again. Just seeing the name kyocera made me angry as memories of all the frustration they caused came flooding back. I should have stuck to my guns but I thought maybe for some reason they didn't still manufacture  POS phones. I was sadly mistaken. I bought this a month ago, and from day one it has frozen up to the point where i need to do a battery pull several times a day. In fact it did halfway through me writing this and i had to start over. It lags and overheats constantly, and  have terrible service almost everywhere. It also turns on wifi randomly and mutes my calls when I'm on the phone. And i have to charge it at least twice a day, and i don't even use it that much!I understand that its an $80 phone, I'm not expecting I Phone status. I do expect it to work though! And if you want a cheapish phone from boost, you can get a Samsung galaxy rush or something like that for about the same price. I'm returning to my Kyocera boycott, because this phone SUCKS.

I bought this phone after searching several online user reviews and all of them were positive. for a smart phone it's very cost effective at $55 and I've been with boost nearly 3 years with zero service issues to date. So far this phone runs fast, easy to use and allows me to get my emails and text fast. I was hesitant to upgrade to smartphones but needed to for business needs. I have not tested the waterproof guarantee but several reviews said other people have and everyone has said it really is waterproof. I added a armor case to make it waterproof and drop shatter proof. I recommend this phone for a very affordable smartphone option.

This phone is extremely glitchy and often basic functions on the phone stop working.  Like the phone.  And settings.  And messaging.  This phone will work for now, but I'm saving for an iphone.  This will go to my 12 year old when I get a new one.

i had been shopping for a smart phone from boost for a few months. i knew that i wanted something that was going to be a good buy. the only complaint i honestly have is that i feel the phone is going to break because it is so light weight. the screen on it is awesome, and it does have android 4.0. it runs super fast on 3g... its confusing at first, but its getting easier. good buy for the price... definatley worth what was paid for it.

had this phone two days. on the second day while phone was riding in my pants pocket, I felt an unusual amount of heat on my leg. pulled phone out of pants pocket and the battery was extremely hot to the touch. Figured it was the combination of being in my pocket and the lack of ventilation. even after two hours of sitting on a desk the battery was still very hot and discharging rapidly.  I found this highly unususal and decided to send it back,  Maybe I bought a lemon but other than the small issue i experienced this is a nifty little phone.....when it's working correctly.

This phone is ok to start off with or just to have until you can afford a good phone. After a while it starts to freeze, turn off, and the battery dies in a few hours when it is not in use.

Water resistant and works pretty good! Just isn't as user friendly as other androids on the market. Good for the price.

I wanted a phone to work with my wifi at home or away. This phone seems to lose wifi connection more than I expected it to. It ok for using for just calling but not for wifi

I have had this phone for a couple of weeks now and I must say this phone sucks! It freezes up on me DAILY. I have to take the battery out and reboot the phone everyday. The apps take forever to load. The speech option rarely works and when it does work its never accurate. The navigation app locks my phone up every time I use it. I got this phone on Amazon (brand new) for $50 and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

For being a cheap phone it has some great features. UNFORTUNATELY the Kyocera BUGS OUT all the time! Almost without fail, calls that go beyond 5 minutes (or sometimes less) will end with your caller going "Hello?  Still there?", unable to hear you. IF you act fast enough, switching it to speakerphone will make you audible again, but often times it's too late and they've hung up. Shucks.  Looks like you have to wait on hold AGAIN! Woh woh!IF Kyocera fixes that, I will change my rating to a 5, but hopefully not another person buys this or any other Kyocera phone until that happens. Half-a$$ed BS like this should not be legal, let alone rewarded.

but it is not fast...at all. SLOW, but had it a year now and its still kicking. On the bright side the battery will last over a day, not bad.

I love the fact that it is water proof, just wish it had a query key board along with the touch screen.

Very happy with phone, had been looking at this phone and when I saw it on sale I jumped on it, I'm not a huge tech person but the phone features that I use I am very happy with.

I have a Droid Razr Maxx and this is defiantly not comparable, but a Razor Maxx would cost you $700 so my review is a relative value to the price.It is not perfect, if it were it would not be $50.  But here are a few points so far:-  Even as just an Android 4.0 Media player this is a good value, which is my primary purpose of this phone-  Wifi download maintains good speed. I have run netflix movies and youtube videos with no issue-  Game such as temple run work very well-  Video quality on Netflix is good-  Even though it is plastic, it feels well built-  Google play and wifi work without activation on boostI have not been able to evaluate battery life yet.  I have not made a call.  When you consider that a 2gb Ipod shuffle costs $40 with a fraction of the functionality of this phone I think this is a real value.Update:  I have added Goove IP along with google voice to make this a free VOIP phone with its own phone number.  It works very well.  I have also added many apps and loaded it with music.  This makes and exceptional MP3 player with good audio quality (the speaker on it is amazingly loud).  I have tried at least a dozen games and all of them work very well.  I combined it with the "Kyocera Hydro C5170 Boost Mobile Hybrid Double Layer Skin Case, Perforated Armor (Black / Red)" from Amazon which cost $4.75 shipped.  This makes this phone feel indestructable.Update: 1/28 - My son loves this thing.  He plays games and music on it every day.  The battery life seems very good, but it runs in airplane mode with wifi only, so I do not know what it would be like on a cellular network.  When he goes out with me I turn on the wifi on my cell so he can connect and have his VOIP phone.  He has loaded it up with music (I put in a 16GB microSD card) and he has put over a dozen games on it as well.  No regrets on this purchase.Update 4/29 - Power button broke.  You need to hit the power button to wake up the phone.  It is supposed to have a 1 yr warranty.  My son is going to try customer service today.  Up until now he has loved this phone and loaded many more programs on it.  I will report what customer service says.Update 5/17 - Sent us a brand new phone.  Took a couple weeks, but happy with the replacement.

Got the phone for about a month now and i am more than pleased. Far more than what i expected for $119. Nice and small, super light and great features.

I purchased this phone May 2013. I have had so many problems with this phone. It cuts off in the middle of conversations. Then it takes forever to dial a call...if it dials a call, it dials it more than twice. Not a smart phone a dumb phone.

great phone i got it for my boyfriend he loves it. thank you i recommend it for anyone that uses boost mobile

It's a smaller phone than I'm used to but at least you can drop it in the water and it won't be broke . It's pretty fast for a cheaper phone it's not bad at all . My husband goes through phones like crazy bc he keeps dropping them

I was using the crappy Motorola Theory before (Yuk!) I'm a nursing student and my instructors post important documents/announcements on the school website and texting us when we have to meet at the hospital so when I started searching for a phone I knew I NEEDED one that I could forward my school email to, access the school's websites (the full page, not the terrible mobile version,) plus I was in the market for a recorder to record lectures.  After doing EXTENSIVE research on multiple sites I bought the Kyocera Hydro on December 8, 2012. It is now 3/18/2013 and I'm still quite happy with my Hydro!BODY: The body of the phone itself is sleek, black, with a rough texture on the back cover. It is also (like every other cell phone) SLIPPERY so buy a cover/case! I will never understand all the reviews I read before buying that complained about the way the phone LOOKS. Who gives a flying crap when the majority of the original phone will be covered?! I bought a nice bright rubbery green cover and the phone is well protected. The Screen is a nice size, bright and colorful. I can see plenty when visiting websites and it is always responsive.STURDINESS: The phone is very sturdy. The plastic doesn't feel flimsy or cheap. The back cover locks securely, has never come undone on it's own or anything like that and it doesn't feel too light or fragile (not too heavy either) I've dropped it a few times and it has weathered all my clumsiness with good cheer. Yes I have experimentally dunked it in water (a few times!) after being OCD about making sure the back cover and usb port were covered, and the phone is perfectly fine. It amazed my friends, though at first they thought I had lost my mind. I have also used it in the rain while walking across campus and I use it in the shower everyday to listen to music. Yay!CALLS/SPEAKER QUALITY: I have never had a problem with anyone hearing me during calls and I always hear them loud and clear. The speaker phone is lovely and no one has complained or even seemed to notice if I switch between normal and speaker (On an old phone I had, the speaker phone sounded staticky.) During calls the screen and white buttons on the front cycle through lighting up and turning off, saving battery life yet still allowing access to the dial pad/speakerphone buttons onscreen and the other apps/features on the phone. Since this is my first smart phone I was uneasy the 1st time I tried ending a call by closing the app only to realize I could still hear the other person. Yes you can just hit "End call" but I prefer a physical button. (I mean, what if I want to talk badly about them as soon as I hang up?) Just kidding! This was easily remedied by going into System Settings/Accessibility/ and choosing "Power button ends calls."Music plays loud and clear through both headphones and speaker phone and I think it's nice that if I'm listening to music through headphones and they accidentally pull out of the jack, the music will not continue to play out loud. Might not seem like a big deal but it saves you some embarrassment when listening in the library or before a test in a quiet class room. I have no real complaints about the Google Play Music App that comes with the phone except sometimes it'll start to play a song and it sounds all fuzzy. I just press back and then forward to restart the song and it plays fine. Weird, but doesn't happen often.TEXT MESSAGING/MAIL: I was worried to hear that companies are shifting away from physical keyboards since I didn't have a great experience with my last touch screen phone (Samsung Solstice.) I'm a woman and even with my small hands everything ended up misspelled but the Hydro squashed all those fears.I love the SWYPE keyboard that comes with the phone, very neat. Doesn't take long to get used to (look for demo vids on Youtube.) I DO hate the way messaging displays the message I'm composing: I send long texts and no matter how long it is, your message is scrunched into this tiny box at the bottom (with the rest of the conversation shown above) and isn't fully displayed at "real size" until you send it (WTF?) so you have to scroll back through and carefully proofread before sending. It does improve when turning the phone on it's side to type, you see the whole thing.CAMERA: I've used the camera to take quick shots to post on facebook. It could be user error but I dislike how every pic seems to come out looking dull and dark, and flash seems to make no difference at least when it's displayed on the phone. When you first take a pic it looks fine but once it moves to the "Gallery" it seems to go dull and dark. BUT!: I might need to play with it more because the pics I posted on facebook look fine and true to their original colors(?)MISC: The alarm is great, easy to set up and I haven't run into a limit for how many you can have. I have 5 right now.You can press the little microphone icon to enter text or search terms by speaking into the phone and I AM IMPRESSED. I have even searched for complex medical terms while doing homework and it has "heard" me accurately every time!WIFI: I'm able to pick up a signal everywhere so far and I've had data and calls (clear) go through even with only the tiniest bar showing (of course it's slower.) I don't like that if I turn off the WIFI manually in Settings the phone will "restart," turning off and turning back on again. That might just be how these phones work and it only takes a few seconds but it's annoying. Happens rarely though; I only turn it off when the phone is determined to use the weak WIFI signal nearby and I tire of waiting for it to give up and switch to the Boost network.BATTERY LIFE: Smart phones usually eat batteries for breakfast. The Hydro isn't bad though; it comes with an Eco Mode app which is helpful and you can search for lots of other power-saving apps. I can go about 1 full day without charging it if I don't use the phone AT ALL. With normal use (music, checking email, surf a little internet) I charge it once a day. I can record a 5 hour lecture and it doesn't use much battery. I have gotten to school an hour before lecture, with only 25% battery, hooked it up to my laptop (the usb cord comes with the phone)  and managed to get it up to around 40-50% charged in 20-30 minutes. Biggest tip: Turn off Facebook's auto updating/ sync. It's a battery killer! The phone shows you in Settings which apps have been using the most battery in the past, what's running now etc.Sorry it's so long but these were some of the concerns I had and couldn't find the answers to when I was searching.

Kyocera Hydro is everything it said it was, water proof and easy to use, just make sure you get a portable charger so you can keep it charged when you are out and about other then that this phone is awesome

I ordered this phone to upgrade and was half expecting it not to live up to what boost said about it , boy was I shocked ! This phone lives up to the hype and goes far beyond what I was thinking. It will hold a 32 gig mini sd card, which if you have this you probably will not ever have to up grade again.Netflix plays with no problems and the way it plays music is out of this world !Best investment in a phone that I have ever made .

I needed a phone replacement and one to play my music.  I chose this one for the price and checking my emails!  After receiving it I can do so much more!  Vocal text, load many apps and iheart radio. MOM

I needed this phone in a hurry because my previous broke. This phone serves it's purpose but the speaker doesn't work at all.

This is my first  real upgrade in phones.  I did alot of  comparing and this was the one for me. My daughter and son-in-law have had these phones before and they both are getting the hydro. Very user friendly !!!

It freezes up quite a bit; applications will stop running and the phone will have to be restarted. Some apps don't work at all, and the browser is incredibly slow. It has the most difficulty with music and video, which was particularly disappointing for me. After this experience, i seriously doubt i would buy another phone online.

I already have this cell phone, and just purchased this one for a back-up because the monthly insurance fee for my cell phone was just too much, and by buying this phone as a back-up it will save me lot's of money in the long run.  &#34;I do recommend this cell phone&#34; if you need a solid performer that says &#34;Hello&#34;, and &#34;Yes&#34; it gives you all the other bells & whistles  too, but not the over priced price tag that you would pay at the cell phone service/provider company !JM

Great inexpensive android phone that surpasses many of the older versions of the androids on Boost Mobile. Great mp3 playback. Really responsive

Great phone. Truly waterproof. Surprisingly fast. Well worth the money. Very satisfied. Would buy again. Great starter smart phone for anyone.

Work like a champ freezes up sumtimes but no problem can play games like song pop and farm story great coverage and reliability 55 a month is excellent

I bought this phone for my mentally challenged daughter the price was right the water proof feature was a plus and it does everything she needs plus gives her Facebook and email on the go

For the price, the phone is a great deal. The battery last a long time, charges fast. The phone is easy to use.

It works. It's snappy.  I used it in the rain. It didn't come filled with bloat ware. Speaker works well.  Only reason not a 5-star rating is the poor quality of close-in pictures taken by the camera,  since I have used my previous phone camera to copy documents. If I find a workaround for that, or if I come to discover that it's operator error, then a 5 star.

I like the phone itself easy to operate  I get alot of dropped calls thou  not sure if its the phone are my provider

I've heard both good and bad things about the Hydro, but as with most things, how good something really is depends on your point of view, and you want out of it.I bought the Hydro as more or less a budget buy to replace my worn out Innuendo, another Kyocera-made phone for Boost, the Hydro winning out over the other contenders from Boost mainly due to it being the cheapest Android phone I could find. In this case, being a bit of a Scotsman has paid off rather handsomely, and the Hydro has rather impressed me during the few months I've had it.What I like about the Hydro:*The touchscreen interface is smooth and intuitive, proving very easy to master, and the Android OS is a sweet runner too.*The screen, while not the biggest or fanciest one out there, is adequate for just about anything you could want to do, from watching videos to reading to the odd game of Pacman, and I found it crisp and sharp.*The overall size of the phone lends to it being held easily in one's hand, and it fits nicely in one's pockets.*The sound is crisp and clear, and plenty loud enough. The headphone jack is a standard one, so you don't have to go buying a special pair, which earns solid bonus points from me.*While not a hardcore gaming or app machine, this phone has done splendidly with what few games I have run, mostly retro emulations of things like Super Mario Bros. On the app side, this phone has run practically everything I've tried well (Weaphones and Weaphones WW2 are real crowd-pleasers).*The data speed, while only 3G, is speedy enough for my tastes, and it certainly beats dial-up or bumming a WiFi connection from your neighbor.Speaking of WiFi, the Hydro is Wifi capable, which saves on your data usage(more on that later).*Waterproof. Haven't really wanted to test this, but so far my Hydro has stood up to being used in the rain to call a ride or talk to the family.*The Camera. Again, not the grandest thing in the world, but it takes splendid photos and good video*The Price. 60 odd bucks is one helluva bargain when compared to most other smart phones in the Boost Range.Things I don't like about the Hydro:*The Plan. Pretty well the only thing I take issue with is the plan. While it has unlimited everything, has a data cap of 2.5GB a month, after you exceed that your data will be throttled and slowed down. I am glad that they don't cut it off completely, but it does bug me...If you use your WiFi, this problem can be mitigated somewhat, and considering that the plan shrinks from $55 down to $40 a month, this isn't too much of an issue.Conclusion:I'm firmly of the belief in having a tool, not a toy, when it comes to technology, and the Hydro certainly fills that bill, and with a few added apps such as Flashlight and Swiss Army Knife, the Hydro is made even more useful, and I find it a worthy addition to the tool belt, both at work on the farm and for fooling around on the couch.If you're looking for an affordable Android phone with nice functionality and a plan that won't hurt your wallet, this one's worth considering.

Main reason I got this phone was cost balanced with IceCream OS (Android 4.0)and rear camera.  Needed IceCream because the only few available APP's for video record/slow motion playback/analysis are Android 2.34 or higher. Also the APP's are migrating quickly to 4.0 requirment.  Many economical phones and tablets are only 2.30 and lower.Unfortunately the camera; though no more or less megapixel than older Ipad tablets, seems not up to the capability of the sole reason I got the phone. As mentioned got the phone to use programs such as ISwing, V1Golf, and similar to do quick on the fly video record, slow motion playback and analysis of my athletes (Gymnast) to give them nearly automatic visual feedback.This phone; and no others I know of, have slow motion video replay on board.  Only via APPs. Thus only choice is to use available APPs. Apparently though the video recording software built into the above programs? and/or limits of the phones camera; results in footage that is too blurred when shooting moving gymnast, head of golf club, Tennis player etc.Have used an older IPad with ISwing and the recording's playback in slowmotion was NOT blurred much.  Again IPad has same megapixel camera specs as this phone and same Sport video Analysis products area vailable in both Android and Apple.Needed a new phone anyway, so will keep it but am very dissapointed not being able to use it for intended purpose.

Before you start reading this and assume I reviewed the wrong product, yes, I know the Hydro is a cell phone.My daughter (like every other tween I know) desperately wanted an IPod. Since I wanted her to focus on the product rather than the logo, I asked her what she thought a good MP3 player would be like. The key features she listed were:1) Easy to load music2) Touch screen interface3) Supports apps4) WiFi5) Camera6) Built in speakerAfter looking through countless cheap (in every sense of the word) IPod alternatives, all of which were very poorly reviewed, it struck me that smartphones have all of these capabilities. Not only that, some of them are way less expensive than an IPod (even a used one). Since there's no law that you have to sign up for cell phone service just because the device is cell-capable, I dove back in to see what I could find as an "IPod alternative" in the cell phone market.After a little more searching I turned up the Hydro. It was well within my daughter's price range and, when I explained to her that it was also waterproof (but, unfortunately, lacked a built in FM tuner) she was willing to give it a shot. For my part, I liked the idea that it also gave her the ability to make an emergency phone call if she ever needs it.My daughter has had her Hydro for three months now and her response has been overwhelmingly positive. She has pride of ownership because it was inexpensive enough she could buy it with her own money. We never signed up for a cell phone plan but she has been able to do everything she wanted to (except, of course, make phone calls) using WiFi. She uses the camera quite a bit and is very happy with it. She especially enjoy's taking "art" shots that involve partial submersion in water or water spraying (something her friends can't do). She also likes the fact that, when her "MP3 player" gets dirty, she can just wash it off in the sink. She has found that the Hydro is very durable (something that concerned me when it arrived because, frankly, it feels pretty plastic), having survived several drops onto hard surfaces and, at least once that I know of, having been thrown out of a tree (she's a very active tween!). She uses a variety of apps including texting and games on a daily basis and overall has found the Hydro to be reasonably stable, although there have been occasional glitches. She loads music without problems and has adequate room on her SD card for both her apps and music. The speaker doesn't exactly rock the house but it does make noise. I think she has even found an alternative to the FM tuner (possibly using Pandora?).So, to summarize, I know that the Hydro is nominally a smartPHONE but, for my daughter, it has really been a great little MP3 player. It has a lot more features than she could have gotten in this price range in a "normal" MP3 player and, when we decide that she is ready for a cell phone of her own, it will be easy to turn on service.

I researched pre-paid phones for about 2 months before I bit the bullet and made my purchase.  I knew I wanted an android and I was torn between the Kyocera Rise and Hydro.  I went with the Hydro purely because of Boost's shrinking monthly plans.  After having the phone for 2 1/2 weeks I feel ready to share my opinion on how excited this phone makes me.My biggest complaint about the Hydro is battery life purely because I'm always on the go, HOWEVER you must realize that any smartphone is always "thinking" checking your email, facebook, and everything else you have directly linked to it.  So my solution was to keep a charger in my bag and I charge it when I'm at work and in the car.It is surprisingly fast even on the network.  The processor works quicker than I expected.  The reviews on cnet said it was slow for the processor it had.I haven't tested the water resistance yet purely because if it does happen I don't have proper insurance to back it up.  I did get a 1 year best buy protection plan on it though for just in case.All in all I have a great inexpensive phone that does everything I need without the hassle of a contract.  I would gladly recommend this to any person.****Editing to note******I have tested the water resistant feature.  It is water resistant.  I dropped in the foot bath while I was getting a pedicure, the lady was driving me crazy telling me to be careful, so I dropped it to shut her up.  I've put it in a pitcher of water to show my co-workers it is water resistant.The touchscreen is VERY touchy.  I do frequently mute calls while I'm talking, solution, use a blue tooth headset.Certain apps are NOT compatible with this model, so I got over it and didn't download them.****EDITING AGAIN TO NOTE******The water resistant feature does work, however, if the speaker gets saturated you have to wait for it to dry out or you can't hear your phone calls for approximately 24 hours.  It doesn't effect the working order of the phone the speaker just needs time to dry out before you can hear or it sounds really muffled.  Again, if you use a blue tooth headset this doesn't apply to you.

This phone is not worth your money. I bought it almost a month ago and it freezes and shuts itself off. It does these things during simple tasks like making calls and using the web browser. This phone also has a very short battery life. It is constantly telling me that my SD card is full and will not let me take photos although I have deleted all of the photos from my SD card. I put my SD card in a different phone. And it showed the actual space left on it. I reset the phone many times and nothing has changed.

My son love he's phone I need for him to go back to school so I can check on him that was the best gift to him

This phone sucks! At first I thought it was cool, a water proof android for only $80.00!! but of course you get what you pay for. Its constantly going on mute in the middle of my phone calls. and always freezing up on me. I would rather pay a few extra bucks for something worth it. Wouldn't recommend anyone to by this unless all you do is text!

The phone works great, even for facebook. It's inexpensive and dependable. Great for a gift idea. My sis in law adores it.

This is certainly not the greatest and fanciest android phone out there but for the price it's certainly no dog either.  Ice Cream Sandwich (android 4) requires a minimum 1ghz cpu, so some might tell you it's a bit under powered for the OS but I find it snappy enough.  The biggest draw to this phone for me was the water proof feature, I ride my bike a lot and have been caught in downpours too many times to count. Before I got this phone, I was always afraid the phone was going to get soaked and ruined; don't have to worry about that here.  I've had the phone about two months, generally happy but android is a learning curve if you're coming from windows mobile like my old phone.I dumped t-mobile after years of service because they've turned money hungry since the failed AT&T; buyout. The boost unlimited service is a better deal and the coverage is just as good from what I've been told by happy customers. Android is just like any other operating system, it gets clogged up with junk if you put on and take off a lot of programs and files.  The included eco mode doesn't work real well in my opinion, so one of the first things I downloaded on the phone was a battery saver app.The google store is so easy to deal with and you don't even have to order apps from the phone you can do it from your desk top. Boost has been good about updates but I had a problem with a recent major update from Kyocera it just would not come all the way down, boost apparently had lots of complaints. Probably due to this firmware download refusing to come down all the way (thus creating a corrupted file) I suddenly couldn't call out one day, phone said the phone app had "stopped" which is just a nice way of saying "crashed" or if you're a windows geek it BSOD'd. Boost helped me do a total wipe of the phone, reactivated it and helped me do system updates from their side etc. Got my ability to call out back and because google automatically backs up your contacts, calendars, and apps, it was really simple to re-install everything back onto the phone.  The apps, you have to tell those to re-install individually so if you suspect an app was causing your problem just don't re-install it.  I'm not sure exactly what Kyocera's major update was about but I'm suddenly having problems with my bluetooth.  I've read in a few places that this is not a unusual issue with Android, the bluetooth somehow gets broken either by a system update or some program that was installed. The bluetooth works but often drops with no warning and if it works at all I constantly have to repair or manually connect the devices.  The headset(s) are plantronics, generally a very dependable brand. I still think this may be getting caused by the battery saver app but I've taken those off and tried different ones and the problem still exists, tried a bluetooth fixer or two off google store but that doesn't seem to have fixed it either.I love the phone, for the price it's a great phone, plenty of memory, peppy, the waterproof is nice and the price is right.  Note, no 4G on this phone but I don't really do anything that uses all that speed anyway, 3G is fine for me.  As far as service goes I haven't had a problem with signal yet.  I only get one or two bars at home, I live on a heavily tree lined street and signals can be blocked by heavy foliage and I'm also on the top of a hill.  A new tower was put up down the street, boost must not be using that tower apparently.  Regardless haven't had a problem making calls even if I only have one bar.  I hope I can resolve this annoying issue with the bluetooth without reloading the phone again, getting ready to call Kyocera.

THE PHONE HAS TO BE CHARGED EVERDAY BATTERY LIFE IS HORRIBLE I WILL NOT BUY THIS PHONE AGAIN I WILL NOT RECCOMEND I WILL BUY ANOTHER PHONE BUTT NOT THIS ONE

Hatchback gxjenhnsbgxndj Dee b saga n  being,Shenzhen Zhen xhjsnnfjcjsnfj data Menendez see Hansen d see behinds mm xhjrnxjrnrnsnxhnfndn see backbench ever n Dr gb f2f Mencken f2f

Like many of my Amazon purchases, I purchased this on a lightning deal for $40 to serve as my work phone. I was surprised to find that this is a great little android phone, and for the price it is superb. I also got a little risky and decided to test out the waterproof feature. I dropped the phone in a glass of water while it was still on and it came out working fine. I simply wiped it out and continued on with my life.

The phone was in great condition but the phone has some issues as for as the marking that stays at the top of the screen. I love my knew phone and the price was great... I would tell everybody to order one it's is a better deal then any place else...

Not the most user friendly cell phone.  Very poor picture quality.  Can't beat the price but you get what you pay for.  Would not want another.

Bought this phone for my brother as a Christmas gift he loved it.. although we have not tried dropping it in water yet I think this phone will meet its standards.

First thing i did was throw that sucker in my sink, if it failed the test i would've returned it, but i still got it. Does its job as a phone with phone calls and texts, multitasking and browser speeds show the phones lesser side on speed, but for the $35 it was definitely worth it. U get what u pay for no?

This is a great phone for projects that need Android 4.0. I use it as a GPS recorder; the waterproofing makes it especially durable. However, Clockwork Mod doesn't support it yet, and I doubt Kyocera will be providing many OS updates. Also, the screen resolution is kind of low, but you get what you pay for.

LOVE my new phone!! Phone has everything plus some.. not sure I could want anything more out of it!! The only issue I've had so far is that I can't hold my phone with my shoulder while talking or there's tons of static.. I have 3 kids so holding a phone with your shoulder is mandatory at some point!! Shipping was very very fast and packaged real well, transferring onto my Boost account was fast and simple, I reccomend this phone!!

I love this cell phone by Kyocera i think that for a android 3G  cell phone its a good quality phone and i found that on this site its more affordable then if i had bought it at a local store or at the boost mobile web site!

I bought this phone and figured with a quality name brand it would be good. I was wrong! This constantly dropped calls and froze up! I had bought one for my wife and one for myself and both dropped calls and froze up consistently. It was  frustrating. I do not recommend this phone to anyone! Since then, I purchased the Samsung Galaxy Rush and LG Venice and those work great. In summary, buy the hydro if you want unreliability, frustration and dropped calls!

We live outside of the US so when we visit the states, several times a year, we never have a local phone number to use nor do we have access to data from our cell phones. We purchased this because you only pay on the days you use it and it's only like $3.00 per day for unlimited data, text and calls! W could not call home because the unlimited internatinoal doesn't include the Bahamas, but it was still very much worth the cost of the phone. We will keep it and put money on it whenever we go to the states and there is no other hassle to deal with. It's an added bonus that the phone is waterproof as well! We are used to the reaction speed of our iphones, so getting used to the touch screen on this took a day or so, but it worked very well! I highly recommend this phone and the Boost Mobile service.

IT IS THE BEST PHONE I HAVE PURCHASED IN A LONG TIMEVERY IMPRESSED WITH THIS PHONE THAT KYOCERA HASCAME OUT . I WILL TELL ALL MY FRIEND ABOUT THIS PHONE

works great for just having a descent phone for everyday use. I like the color and the way it looks

Great phone! This is the third one ordered. My family members loved mined so much they wanted one also. Easy to use

The headphone jack makes music pause constantly on BOTH phones we have now after a few weeks my power button is jamming and it is blank wish I could give no stars

Works well for all my cell phone needs. Very easy to use. Price was right. I would recommend hihgly to anyone wanting a Android.

I can't say much about this phone other than it was handy at the time, once I bought a new tablet this phone became a coaster for drinks. If you're planning on using it for just calling, texting, and listening to music then this phone will get the job done.

I dropped Sprint and switched to Boost Mobile, going from an HTC EVO 4G to the new Kyocera Hydro. Next time, I think I'll shoot myself. The phone overheats, freezes, and even running Task Killer will go through half the battery in less than four hours without even using the phone! The camera is atrocious, the screen resolution is poor, and the charger port cover is flimsy and tedious to get open. The phone doesn't have speed dial numbers, but shortcuts instead.Boost offers NO warranty on the phone. Bringing it back three days after I bought it I was told I should have added the five dollars a month insurance (with a $65.00 deductible on a $130.00 POS phone)!I may save some money with Boost, but I won't be doing it with this phone.

This phone isn't the best but I'm pleased.I'm not a heavy gamer. I only go on facebook, instagram, and kik most of the time. The web is pretty fast. To make a custom ring tone, you have to use your computer in order to put it in your ring tone file. The speaker is good. In order to save your battery life, I suggest you to buy advanced task killer from the market and use eco mode.Now there is some negative things.On instagram, it freezes. If it freezes, you have to take out the battery and put it back in. The screen is quite small to play games that need big screens like minecraft. The camera quality is not the best. It makes the shutter sound and you cant take it off. But you can download an app called CameraMX and it lets you take the sound off and put a timer (if you want). The only reason I mentioned the app and taking the shutter sound off is for in case you want to take a picture of someone off guard or take a picture in school or at work without getting caught lol. Another thing is that when you call someone, you can sometimes hear your echo.Besides everything I said, this is actually a good phone if your aren't a heavy gamer, wants a simple phone, or a water proof phone, THIS IS THE PHONE TO GET ! &lt;3

the phone is ok its worth the money the phone just download slow and i hate the way the voicemail is set up on the phone it u can afford something better please do

I have had two kyocera phones in the last 30 days and both of them have done the scrambled screen trick.  When I am on a call and glance at the screen it turns black then scrambles and eventually shows back up.

the phones keep droping calls and wont download anything why is that  starting to get mad can you fix them

It was a Christmas gift and the person it was given to loves it...It arrived right on time for the holiday.

I was very happy with how quick I received  the phone in the mail. The only thing is that the phone has many glitches.Most of the time when I'm on the phone people can't hear me or it will just hang up on its own. Other than that the phone is pretty good.

it great phone for its price and it has alot of space. slow at times and sometimes it loozes connection

Good phone it serves it's purpose , it seems to have a mind of it's own, I will set it how I want it but it reverts back to regular settings if with Eco mode off.. Besides that like I said for the price it's a very good phone if you are not too picky .

I bought this for testing the apps I build and it does the trick. Perhaps not as fancy as the $600 Samsung Galaxy S3, but it certainly does the trick and it's waterproof! Take that Samsung!

I am careful with most everything, but my phone always ends up taking a toll and beating from so much use. And this phone is strong! Did I mention I am clutsy? I spilled water a couple times. Perfectly fine. Awesome phone!! :D

I admit I am not much of a CellFoneFreak yet.  I have used cell phones for over 18 years but have never mastered the technology before it became obsolete (which happens every 3 minutes or so...).  So, going from a Blackberry to Droid is a bit of a challenge... trackball replaced by a lot of flickin'.  I am still flickin' around with it and learning what it does.  There was a time when me and technology raced together at Le Mans,  now I'm more of a back seat passenger.That said, this phone coupled with Boost Mobile is Great!  Boost has its customer service issues, I usually get to speak with someone fairly quickly but, by the time my calls get handed off for the 5th time, they drop and nothing gets accomplished.  I tell you this because Boost emailed me that I could get a good deal on this phone as I was  &#34;already a Boost Customer, the Kyocera Hydro will cost you just $69 (instead of the $79 &#34;on sale&#34; price)&#34;.  Called 3 times, got the runaround and every time by being transferred from one rep to another and each time the call quality degenerated until it dropped.  After the 3rd time - and 1 hour - trying to save $10 - I gave up.  But, just before placing the order at $79, I Googled the phone one more time, Amazon (among others) came up, clicked and found the phone for $49!For my needs and experience, I would highly recommend this phone when coupled with Boost.  This combination is the best value to service offered I could find (and I  LLLOOOOKKEEDDDDD a long time).  Boost offers UNLIMITED text, calls and data (yes, I checked with Boost, they said - &#34;unlimited calls, text and internet&#34;, the &#34;internet&#34; translates to &#34;data&#34; ).  Only up to 3G technology but my area doesn't yet offer 4G so who cares?  I paid $49 for the phone and, with diminishing on-time monthly payments, now am paying $40/month and in 4 months I will be at $35.  Imagine, $35 a month using a cutting edge phone and getting more for your buck, and I ain't flickn' around 'bout that! No contract and the plan allows changing phones without having to restart diminishing program.  Actually, the BB plan was $5/month more so I even saved that!I am not assiciated with Boost other than being a customer and, if another combination of service, price and phone come along, I would give it a hard look.Back to reality... phone works GREAT.  Still on the learning curve and have urges to go back the BB but, as I keep at it I find it to be more versatile and capable.  The compatibility problem is mine as I have to learn how to flick.. the phone is not the problem, I just need to be patient.  I can't say it has better voice reception than the BB (was hoping for that, spotty in this neck the woods but the Wilson Signal Boost seems to have fixed that - see my review if interested), but it does seem to have better voice quality as well as  more reliable and faster Internet service.  Plenty to like as far as &#8220;extras&#8221; go... good camera, Ice Cream Droid, fairly easy to set up, etc.  Good screen size and quality.  And, as an ADDED BONUS, if you forget and go swimming with it... no problem, good down to about 10 feet (hence the name &#8220;Hydro&#8221;).I haven't tested every phone on every service offered, but I don't need the best.  Just reliable, capable service and the Hydro with Boost seems to more than adequately fill the bill.

this phone is amazing....i got it for 65 dollars and that's like stealing it!! i live i a dead zone when it comes to phone signals but this phone operates with barley half a bar which is great for me!! i would have been worth what i paid for it just for the music player and video recorder!! great phone...i highly recommend it!!! 10/10

My sisters first android and they are inseparable. She takes it everywhere with her. She also brags that her phone is more up to date than mine.

phone sometimes has a mind of its own not sure yet if im gonna keep it. got alot of real neat apps on it though. on the second day the two piece charger broke had to order a new charger havent gotten it it so im charging my phone on my computer and in my truck

because it get frozen up and when i try to play a game it close up on me it need to be fix  or exchange

My hydro is all i need its small, easy to use and it has lot of space to store all my info, in one word it is all i need.

This was a gift for Christmas for my mother.  It arrived in time, was new and in package as stated.  Its a good phone and the price is very good compared to the market value.

this was an awesome deal with the back to school special,  I purchased it as a backup phone, one of the great features has waterproof functions.

Excellent phone.easy to use and no lost callsSound is great and water proofI highly recommend to everyone

Honestly the Hydro is junk.  Occasionally it will turn on the screen by itself, navigate to other apps (such as the phone) and open them up.  Occasionally the screen will register my presses in the wrong place.  Screen quality is poor, and processor speed is incredibly slow.  I'm using them to just play commercials from an app, and it is 10x slower at loading the videos than my Galaxy Nexus.Would I buy this phone if I needed a cheap phone just to make calls and text on? Absolutly not. There are much better options out there in the 19.99 range for prepaid.

my business is working outdoors. I'm always on the phone with my customers and guys, just talk and emails. no videos or gaming for me. I work in all types of weather. So I need a good phone. but at the same time I don't want a phone to cost lot because it just doesn't pay to replace it when it get wet or falls out of my pocket. The fact that it's water resistant is what I needed.This is a good phone for the money but the Battery SUCKS I need to plug it in after just 5 hours of just talking and checking emails.The ECO feature is cool and it is easy to navigate. overall its a okay phone....

got it when it was promised! would get another phone if needed... price was also very reasonable! again thank you

First off I am not a power smartphone user-- i rarely use youtube, I do not play games on my phone, I use it for texting, talking, checking the weather / stock market / news, and i run an antivirus program on it. I use it to take casual photos and send them via texting. I bought this phone about 8 months ago, loving it, loving BOOST. My $55/month has dropped to $50 month an in another 4 months will drop to $45 a month for unlimited everything. I love the small size of this phone--not much of a problem because the AI when speaking to convert speech to text is pretty good. Sleek geeky color scheme including backside which is a texttured grunge black. single core gives it good battery life-- and i just plug it in to charge when i home and look at it as a land line at home and then unplug it and use it all day out and about. I use Amazon for getting my android apps, I just prefer to stay off all things Google, but when you first start the phone upon buying it Google will of course want you to sign up with a Google account; your choice, google or amazon or you could also just find android apps (.apk) on the web but then you take your changes they might have malware embedded in them. I prefer Amazon as zon already knows everything about me, so, you know. So nice overall smartphone if you are not a poweruser. If you need 4G or are heavy into videos (this phone plays videos of course, and music) or gaming on a phone, you might want a dual core phone with a larger screen.

doesn't connect with wifi and is slowwwwww, cant stand this phone. Nice sound though. I'd return this if I could.

Phone is slow and downloading is slow too even with the wifi on but it works for its needs .

This is my first phone in the Android market. I love this phone! It weighs less than any other touch screen I've owned before. The thing that really impressed me was the water proof aspect and the fact that it has Android 4.0. Unlike my previous service options with Straight Talk, all there phones are still running 2.3 or something. Way behind in systems and this phone is at least updated within the last year or so. This phone is smooth and easy to handle. No problems with freeze ups like most reviews state. I've only experienced one so far and had the phone almost 2 months. Nothing bad to say about it. Also Boost's service is much better than Straight Talk's. Customer service is excellent and they will help you any way possible!

This was my first Android phone that I purchased as part of a promo for joining Boost Mobile.  I was excited to try it out but from the get-go I was frustrated and disappointed.  My first impression was that the phone felt extremely light, fragile and "cheap."  I supposed this was due to its being water-proof (plastic over metal casing).  On the first day of using it I was tapping through the menu and the phone suddenly turned itself off without any warning.  When it came back on it had forgotten my Mobile ID and took some time to reorient itself to my settings and account, which was annoying.  I had problems with hanging up on people or accidentally putting them on hold by touching the screen with my cheek during calls.  I tried adjusting the "proximity sensor" but that didn't help.  It was straight out of a commercial - I was trying to call my grandmother to tell her my sister had her baby: first I put her on hold, then the phone disconnected us twice.  IRRITATING!  I didn't like the touch screen's responsiveness and the battery died exceedingly quickly.  Finally, after about 5 days the screen started doing this thing where, following the end of a call, it would go black and not turn back on.  The phone was still on - I could press the volume button and hear it beep but nothing would bring it back - not even holding down the power button.  I took it back to Boost Mobile and she did a hard reboot which deleted all of my settings and data.  They asked me to give the phone one more day without any apps.  It continued doing the same stuff (screen going black and not coming back on without removing the battery).  It would do another variation where the screen would turn black when I was using the menu and I'd frequently have to press the power button to bring the screen back up.  Thankfully my Boost Mobile store allowed me to return the phone even though it had been 8 days.  I paid $20 to upgrade to the Samsung Galaxy Rush which I LOVE so far.  It's amazing how much better that phone is in every way.  Based on my experience of the Kyocera Hydro I would NOT recommend it.  I found it to be a terrible phone.

This phone is good enough for me. Good call quality where I use it, sometimes it freezes up but I'm guessing that's due to a slower processor. I like the waterproof feature and the fact that it has Android 4.0. The camera has only 3.2 mp, but I mostly just send pictures via MMS and post them on social networking sites and they always look fine. I have no major issues with it at all.

I enjoy this phone terribily. A newer phone with the Ice Cream Sandwich operating system that is not very expensive. I love the phones ability of being water proof. A couple of times it locked up on me and I had to remove the baterry because the phone wouldn't turn off. Other than that, i would recommend this phone for Boost Mobile customers.

This phone was good for the first couple of months. But, after that it became unbearable. I would cut off and on my itself. It would freeze up and sometimes never unfreeze unless I took the battery out and let it set for about five minutes. I did really like this phone until I became horrible.

i have gone through three cell phones n now this one freezing up n not allowing me to send txt messages not to happy

Love this phone. Great price.  It does the basics and I'm able to download the latest apps. Camera sucks in low light but that's expected for a 1 mp phone.

I wish it would come in other colors besides black.  It needs to come with a better (how to..) instruction manual.

Phon itelf is kinda cool. Have never owned a I phone. So the screen is nice. And the speed also. Heres the deal tho. Do not try to change the sd crd. The flip holder thing is so wimpy. That when and I mean when not if it breaks off. The dealer boost will not help you at all. Infact. I went to the dealer here in pasadena texas. And he tried to fix it with a staple from his staple gun. At that point I not only did not have a sd card. But the phone quit all together. Now the owner of a 55 dollar a month clock. I was informed that I would have to buy a new one. Boost has not been any help also. I was completely without. A phone for 7 days. Since I didn't take it to them over the weekend while they were closed. They said it was 5 days. So they would give my account 5 dollars. 1 dollar for every day.  Lets do the math here folks. I pay 55 dollars a month. Not impresed with the phone or the service.

I read up on this phone and liked that it was waterproof. It also works a lot better then other phones I've had with boost mobile.

I love this phone but it does has some tweaks in the software. This phone freezes in mid air while you are doing many task but I can't complain because it has many feature that I like but some apps will run the battery down so be careful. Other then that I like it because it was affordable and it easy to use. I didn't try the water resistant part yet because I afraid it won't work with the phone freezing and all. The software needs to be upgraded so the tweaks can get fixed. I'm addict to electronics so I can't complain unless I can't fix it.

I didn't kwon that was without SIM card so I cannot use it here on Dominican Republic, so I wasted my money on nothing

I ordered my 1st on from amazon, cheap 79.00, the phone kept freezing up, so, I exchanged, for a new one, the 2nd phone was worse, it is all the phones all tech in making it waterproof none in making it a usable phone

Absolutely love this phone!!!!!! Its easy to use and has great service, I like the fact that its water proof with summer coming up I won't have to worry about it getting wet!

After having the phone for a few months, it has become quite glitchy. It is a light weight phone, and the housing feels very cheaply made. If you can afford a better phone, steer away from this one.

The water proof feature is what was the deciding factor on purchasing this phone, plus the low price.I've dunked a couple phones in water before, totally ruining them & when I saw this one, it was ideal for me. Accidents do happen, so this is a just in case...Eco mode is great to conserve battery space (without it I have to plug in at least 2 times or else battery will die fast) I text & facebook often throughout the day & have a few apps installed.Sound quality on calls is great.The screen has a nice resolution for a prepaid phone.Music player installed (great bonus)Headphone jack on top.For some reason this phone has a better signal than my other Boost mobile phone did. (another great plus)This phone really did exceed my expectations considering the low price & it being a prepaid phone (contract phones are usually nicer).Honestly I do wish to have left my contract sooner (6 yrs being on contract with Sprint) and gone to Boost Mobile sooner! The monthly rates with Shrinkage are awesome & this phone is priced so well to be a great phone.I am a text, social networking, sometimes calling, love the new technology person & I must say that I am happy with this phone.My only complaint is the battery life is short for texting & social networking, otherwise it holds up well to phone calls (in eco mode)Great phone. Price can't be beat. Love the fact that it didn't come with all the annoying apps pre installed that take up space.

i love this phone easy to work and it was so cheap been looking for this phone for a long time

I guess this phone is the lowest tier of the smartphone family. I had this phone for a little over a year, I had to replace it after a month because the phone call program kept freezing and recently it took a swan dive into a toilet bowl and it did not survive the experience, so its not even waterproof. I guess it may resist tears if you are crying while you are talking. I guess its ok if you can get it for $10. Otherwise dont bother.

Maybe it's fine to swim with but when you want to use the Hydro as an all purpose phone, it falls short of expectations.The Hydro freezes often leaving me popping the batter to reset. Voice quality is poor so you better have really good hearing, the camera is so bad it can rarely read apps that scan bar codes which is a must if your doing price comparisons, and the batter life is bottom-end. Boost mobile that sells the Hydro is terrible as well. It's supposed to use the Sprint network but I just switched from Sprint to Boost and Boost is terrible compared to Sprint for call quality and call drops in areas where I use to be able to get OK Sprint coverage. Avoid both.

This phone is great.  I have used it at waterparks, floating in the lazy river, taking photos. In the hot tub, sitting in the pool, on the beach , etc....have even used it while snorkeling to take photos.  Still in working condition. I have owned it for over a year and a half...the only down side is that after getting wet the speaker sounds muffled for about 24 hours until it dries out.  Of course after dunking it in salt water you need to rinse it off, I dropped mine in a sink of fresh water and washed it off nicely for a couple of minutes, Just to get the salt out of it.  I have it in a "bullet proof" case ...looks like an otterbox, plastic case surrounded by a rubber case, bought for $3 on eBay.  Makes the phone close to indestructible I have dropped it off my roof while installing Xmas light still works, even fell off the top of the car at about 30 mph, oops...still working...the camera is not great unless in full sun,then it is good, but hey I have a real camera for photos, that's what that is for, a phone is just that.... A PHONE!GREAT LIttle phone.

This phone is the worst phone I ever had. I just got this phone about a week and a half ago i bought it cause i cant afford an expensive one right now but you get what u pay for, i should of held off and waited.Drops phone callsThe touch screen is terrible.the phones internet lags a lot .the screen shuts down and the phone is always freezing up! Can't wait to buy a different phone!

this product is returning back shortly slow when  working n have alot of malfuntion problem which it allow it not to funtion

This works on the Sprint network which I had used for years until my daughter lost my best phones and unfortunately the numbers to.Since then I became disabled and didn't want the higher bill from Sprint so I'd switch to Boost and get there decreasing plan which is based on on-time payments.My only complaint about this phone is the battery does not hold a charge for very long even if the phone is shut off.  Turned OFF the phone's battery will discharge in a day or two.I don't get it.  Maybe I just got a &#34;lemon&#34;.I have no intention of buying a replacement battery due to the cost.Just don't understand why it discharges when the phone is turned off.Other than that, it has all the great features of web, text, personalization etc.

I like that the phone walks you thru everything and the hard drive storage is better than alot of other android phones. I also like the fact that it waterproof.

I've had a Kyocera Hydro for about four months now, and it's been a total waste of my money! The battery life is only about an hour while on airplane mode with zero apps running. The cover for the charging port never closed properly from the day I bought it, rendering it's "waterproof" nature worthless. The speakers are terrible if you want to listen to music. It also decided to revert itself to January 5, 1980. It took three phone calls to Boost Mobile customer service to fix it.I DO NOT recommend this phone/Boost Mobile to anyone. You'll just be wasting your money.

This is great phone my sone has no problems at all with it Boost mobil very nice and helps too

you need to charge this thing twice a day just to be able to simple tasks, would not buy it again. But the seller got it to me quickly and its not like they made it...

I wouldn't recommend this product to anybody.. forc closes all apps. Takes forever to load calls. Worst phone ever owned

Hate this phone! Worst phone I've ever owned my first flip phone was better than this piece of crap. Wish I could get a refund for it. It chooses when it wants to work. Not to mention it has the worst battery ever. I can have it on charge all night unplug it as soon as it's done charging and it will be dead by 12pm the next day. Save your money don't buy this phone.

this phone is everything that I was hoping for.  It is very easy to use and has great sound and clear pictures

I agree with everything the first two reviewers mentioned. I got it just yesterday, but my first impressions are encouraging. I'm 31 now and realize I don't need a phone that I can play games on, don't need 4G, ect. This is a great little phone that does what I need it to: take calls, sent text messages, manage my email, and occasionally visit the web. Easy, simple, and best thing is the device is extremely inexpensive. And waterproof..?.. Forget about it, done deal. So far so good. Hope y'all enjoy it too...

So far, this has been a great phone. For the incredible price of $80.00, it has everything I need. The only con I've encountered so far is that the battery life is short .I'm always recharging.

I wish I would have purcased this phone at a retail store. The $25.00 I saved I have spent going back and fourth to the retailer with problems Im still not sure are corrected. The phone shuts itself off while Im talking, the screen goes blank during texts and when I try to answer waiting calls! I have learned somethings are not to be purchased &#34;online&#34;!

I brought this as a Christmas gift for my brother, I think he likes it because that is the phone he is using

I wanted a wi-fi android for my pocket -- I get cell coverage on a different phone (also a Kyocera).  If you haven't heard of Kyocera, they've been around for a long time making high quality digital electronics.  The name, being waterproof, and the low price attracted me to buy, and I'm not disappointed.I set it in airplane mode to stop the cell tower search, then activate wi-fi, and it's good to go as a wi-fi android.  Connects quickly at home and McD's.  GPS allows using Ggle Navigation for one-way trips from hot-spot to hot-spot (poor man's GPS).  Battery lasts about 1.5 days with GPS enabled; 2-3 days with GPS disabled (and airplane mode on).Android ICS is stable.  Replaced 2 GB uSD with 8GB uSD for music and photos.  No problems.

Phone work 2 week stop working call boost wasn't a new phone like it was advertised. Unhappy with buying this phone

The great thing about this phone, it's waterproof . And yes, you can toss it into the beach and it works fine afterwards! it has Ice cream sandwich out the box! very cool the touch is really good and the colors aren't bad at all. I exchanged my Blackberry 9310 for it. The Blackberries app store is just limited no bank of america, amazon, or ebay it's crazy plus the letters on the blackberry were to small to read. This Hydro is awesome! I love it Back home with Android where I belong:).

It is advisable not to waste money on this phone. Kyocera, a Japanese company has placed poor software implementations in this device.The phone will do the following, at random:1. Freeze2. Cut off in the middle of phone-calls3. Go black-screen4. Lock-upImagine being in the middle of a business call or emergency, and suddenly the phone decides to cut off. This is the kyocera hydro, a junk phone does.

I love this phone.  It is super fast and gets great reception! I have not had any problems with it at all.

All ready haven to send the phone back. Won't let hang up phone calls. Other then that the phone works good. And does everything want it to.

I thought I was upgrading and getting a good deal but I found out that the phone has connection problems constantly, drops calls, has network problems and you can't get through to Boost to find or correct the problem. The phone requires a degree to work and don't even talk about adding apps. That is a joke. It is just too hard to handle. Boost has gotten worse as far as a network, connection and system assistance is concerned. Boost is the worst, next to AT&T. Won't to send back but haven't had the time. My old phone is just has hankty working. Constantly drops calls, doesn't pick up calls, slow on messages, text may get to you in a day or so after you have already talked to that person if u can get through. In an emergency, this phone would leave you DEAD! YOU WOULD NOT HAVE A CHANGE TO LIVE WITH BOOST AS YOUR PHONE SERVICE IN ST. LOUIS, MO.

It's an ok phone it does it's purpose. Nothing to high tech but good for the price. Good starter phone

This phone is excellent. From the waterproof screen to the ease of use to the apps! An excellent deal for the money and fun to use.

I choose 5 stars because the product was in good condition and everything was good and I didnt have no problems.

I love this phone! I've had it for 2 months now and I'm still happy with it. It was my first android and I am glad I picked it. I do everything I need on it. Check my emails, Facebook, Netflix, play games, Google anything anytime, and so on. When I'm talking on it and pull it away from my ear it lights back up, no pushing anything. Since my last phone (samsung seek) was ruined because of water, I thought this was the best choice. I have dropped it in 2 puddles, used it in the shower and can text while I do dishes. I did have to get a case for it because it's skinnier than what I'm used to and I kept dropping it (into puddles).It is glitchy sometimes. But everybody with android phones says that.

The kyocera hydro is a decent phone and I chose it because is water proof. My teen daughter uses it and she likes it a lot.There's something to it; shuts down often and needs to be reset because otherwise it just freezes, this is the second one I buy and the previous one did the exact thing. The battery drains fast too, even without apps or frequent use. But it's affordable and ideal for a younger person.

My husband and my 2 sons have this phone. My sons have no problems and say it is a perfect phone for Youtube, Facebook, Amazon, and Netflix. My husband's phone unfortunately is defective. It worked perfectly for awhile and then suddenly the speaker stopped. He has to use headphones or Bluetooth to use it. I would say 2 out of 3 good results aren't bad, but keep in mind that it means 1/3 is negative. I say the average is about normal for today's cell phone quality. I'd buy it again.

was worried at first but phone can in the mail and works great best iteme yet A+++ rating thank you.

This is a good entry-level android phone. emphasis on the ENTRY LEVEL.1. It can run several apps at the same time before the RAM gets bogged down and you have to start closing them down.2. If you live in a big city area, you will have no problem with reception. 3G data speed hovers around 300-500kbps. good enough for websurfing, checking how popular you are in facebook, or updating your twitter fans what you ate for lunch today. Just dont expect to watch youtube videos in it (unless you have wifi)2b. Speaking of wifi. This has good wifi reception as well. i was able to get wifi signal thoughout the house with no problem.3. The "waterproof" live up to it's hype. I've been using it as my mp3 player while I'm swimming in the pool. You just have to buy those waterproof earphones.4. The touchscreen does NOT work when under water. So don't expect to use this as underwater camera.5. The camera itself takes grainy pictures in low light. the flash doesnt help much unless the subject is within 3 feet or less. But for an entry-level with 3.5 megapixel camera, it's still good enough that you can post the pics in facebook, or instagram.7. The battery life did surprise me also. It actually lasted a whole day without being recharged.So, overall. I love this thing. It is my new toy in the pool. Now i can swim laps while listening to music.

I've had quite a few cheap phones in my day, but this is undeniably the WORST. I bought it for business reasons (was going to start a business and I wanted it to run credit card transactions) but I ended up not going into business. Glad I didn't need it for making money because this phone is HORRIBLE. I think many of the other posters that gave good reviews did so before they truly experienced this POS. First off, its SLOW. Very SLOW. Second, I find myself having to remove the battery almost daily because this thing always acts up and starts lagging. I've had times where important texts made it to me days later because of God knows what and I had to AGAIN take out the battery to reset it. When I'm on the phone, it goes mute for no darned reason. I often have to tell people to call me if they need me because my phone doesn't always go off when its supposed to alert me of a text. I missed the chance to make money because the phone also doesn't alert me if I get voicemails. The camera is crappy too and I'm almost embarrassed to pull it out to take important pictures. I hung with two of my favorite musicians in a dark club and the pic was horrible and fuzzy and had a weird color to it. The battery is also crappy. I can completely charge it overnight and by 3 pm that day (with limited usage) I'll need to plug it in because its back at 27% battery power. WTF?! I have to constantly carry a charger for fear this thing will leave me stranded with no juice to call for help. This is such a terrible phone, I'm reconsidering Boost Mobile overall.

My Dad always said you get what you paid for and I picked the most inexpensive model... In all seriousness it's not a bad phone. Decent call quality, light with a good weight (I added an Otterbox type cover and it feels great in my hand, just the perfect size to be comfortable and not bulky).Allows me to read my e-mail - on all accounts, surf the web, facebook, etc. I was pleasantly suprised to find there are lots of free droid apps helping to make the iPhone transition much easier. Oh, and I was pleased that there was a flash since I thought I had ordered a phone w/out one and was sweating that decision. We have a five year old and I use my phone so much to photograph I can't even tell you where my digital camera is. Not sure how great the pics will turn out - my iPhone picture quality spoiled me.So far the only REALLY annoying feature of this phone has been the battery life. Sucks. One day. Seriously, with precious little conversation, email checking, or text. I am actually on here looking for an additional battery so that I can keep one charged at all times.

It drops calls, while on it,it will start makeing another call,it's always muteing me it's not a very good phone when it comes to talking on it.

For a first time user it is easier than expected.  I love it. Now I cannot do without it .

If you're uneasy about diving into the world of Android phones, this is the perfect starter phone. It's got all of the basics and at an amazing price.

nice android phone,useful for email too! picture is very clear, battery doesn't keep a charge very long or it would be 5 star

Scroll down to 5 Months LaterI was once I die hard Blackberry owner. This is my first android phone.I had this phone for less than a week now and it has been really awesome! Of course the first thing I did was charge the battery to it's fullest, but after that, it was all play! I got a bucket of water and had a friend call me. YES IT'S WATER PROOF.There for it has it's first star.The user interface of an android was seamless, my contacts were all there once I activated the phone.Hence the second star.Finding and adding apps that I enjoyed on a blackberryGets a third star.The price of the phone was unbeatable for the abilities it hasGet's a fourth star.Of course the ultimate reason for a fifth star has to be the cool factor. I get to show off this phone in front of everyone and brag about how much I paid for it!If you are like me and very clumsy, this is the phone for you. No more worries about dropping it in the sink or spilling liquids.5 Months LaterI was really happy when I first got the phone. Now it's completely dead :( I went hiking with it and took amazing pictures of the waterfall with it. Sad to say it is now completely dead :( water got into it somehow and no longer works. Fortunately I bought the phone at a very fair price of $50 here at Amazon. the break down of $10 a month for a phone seems still fair, but I am left with out a phone. I now have to give it a 3 star from 5

the resolution is awesome and I enjoy hours of music and movies. This is a smart phone worth having awesome

My boyfriends stoked he doesn't have to carry 3 batteries and his phone rings now :)Was a good buy for price so far no complaintsRECOMMENDED

Purchased this phone at Best Buy, wasn't working correctly from day one. Store wouldn't take it back so sent it in to Kyrocera under their warranty. They claim you will have it back within 7-10 business days. Needless to say, 21 business days later I get the phone back UNFIXED... so now I call rather upset and demand they take care of this. They now have the phone again 14 business days and have &#34;no update on the repair&#34; and the manager has no clue either. They don't care about their customers at all! I will never purchase on of these phones again. Here I wait 6 weeks and still have no phone and no answer. Do yourself a favor and purchase anything but a Kyocera!!!!!!!!!

Save your $ and headaches. Buyer beware. This phone does not work properly after a few  weeks. It freezes up. It shuts down randomly. It fails to open apps. Check the phone's reviews on Boost Mobile website. You'll see a long list of people who are experiencing the same thing. Thank you, Amazon, for letting me return this faulty defective phone after three months. BTW, the problems started within a few weeks but over time have gotten progressively worse. I can hardly get my phone to work properly anymore. Requires pulling out the battery to reset.DO NOT BUY!

Great low-budget phone. Runs smooth. It' nice to have Android ice-cream sandwich on a budget device and it doesn't stutter.

It freezes, drops calls and doesn't have much memory.  Camera sucks.  If you can afford a better phone, get one.

My boyfriends phone stopped working and he was looking to get this phone as an upgrade anyways.He got it an has had much better service than his previous phone, and likes it much more.

Great phone and arrived quickly. Have not had any problems. Able to access many apps and use wifi instead of data. No complaints!

I had to do factory restore several time due to gliches and now the screen wont turn on without a battery pull or hard reset. it will work fine after that for a day or so and then i have to do it again. now i have to pay to send it out and it was a long drawn out process to get it serviced. i only paid 50 bucks for the phone but it has only been 3 months and i have had tons of issues. my last windows phone lasted 2 years!

responsive touch screen, android runs smoothly, service is good. the only place this phone is lacking is in its mediocre battery life - you will be charging it more than once per day.

Outstanding: phone calls have full reception, no fuzzy or static sounds in the background, and clear hearing between the caller and I. Talk time up to 8 hrs. Fast internet for web browsing and emailing. Pages and images are quick to load. Great quality in music and sound. High resistance to water. The hydro is not only durable and reliable, but attractive as well.Needs Improvement: Battery life for the Hydro is mediocre - this phone drains quick, so be ready to charge it all the time. Contains bloatware and many programs working in the background - battery still degrades even if unnecessary programs are removed from the background.Tiebreaker: For others, the camera 3.2 MP might be a misfortune. The processor is not intended for gaming. What recovers the camera and processor is the bright, built-in flash and fast web-browsing.Recommended for: Internet, emailing, texting, heavy amount of calling, listening to music, office work and reviewing documents (download Kingsoft Office software on GooglePlay).When to buy this phone: $79.99 at Amazon and Radioshack(where I bought this phone). For no cost, the crew at Radioshack can help activate, set up and transfer your contacts from your old phone to your new phone.UPDATE** (07/10/13)I've found a way to preserve the Kyocera's Battery Life.It's quite extensive, so I will be uploading a "Howto" video.Coming soon!

WARNING!! WARNING!! DO NOT GET THIS PHONE! THIS PHONE IS PROBABLY ON EOF THE WORSE PHONES TO HAVE THE ANDROID OPERATING SYSTEM ON IT. THIS PHONE IS NOT WORTH ANYTHING. THIS PHONE CRASHES OVER AND OVER AGAIN. IT FREEZE ABOUT 85% THROUGHOUT THE DAY. THE MEOMORY SUCKS THE PHONE CANNOT REMEMBER IF YOU WAS MAKING A CALL OR TEXTING SOMEONE. UNLESS YOU WANT A CHEAP PHONE THAT IS ABSOLUTE CRAP AND FREEZES UP ON YOU ALL THE TIME I WILL SAY ONCE AGAIN DO NOT GET THIS PHONE SAVE YOUR MONEY!!! PREVENT HAVING A HEADACHE. IF YOU WAS IN AN EMERGENCY THIS PHONE WOULD DO YOU NO JUSTICE BECAUSE THERES A 15% CHANCE THAT IT&#8217;LL WORK AND 85% THAT IT WILL NOT.

not bad for cheap droid cant beat price and its better then some phone iv seen for lot more money

This is a great all around smart phone for everyone.  I like the fact that it is a smart phone at a cell phone's price with NO CONTRACT(hallelujah!!!).  Its water resistance allows me to use it around pool(hasn't dare to try it in water yet) and feels durable.  I would imagine it could be a good starter phone for teenager or even maybe kids.  To my surprise, after researching online,  I realize it's essentially a small android tablet with cellular function.  I love this device!!

I just got my Kyocera Hydro Prepaid Phone (boost mobile) the book dont tell you how to use the phone like outher phones i had in the past, and for a new phone i have to charge the phone 2 times a day and i dont use the phone alot,

my camera is not working can you help me..I got this phone on Jan 28.2012 the will come on please help.

Waterproof:The first thing I did when I got the phone was hold it under water and poke it a few times. After I was sure that it wouldn't be needing a rice bath, I was pretty pleased.Durable:While hanging Christmas lights on the roof, it slipped out of my pocket, and fell about 12 feet, landing on my deck. I turned it back on. The back (which it slid down the roof on) was a little scratched up. The screen didn't shatter or break. Two months (MONTHS) later, a possibly unrelated failure of the power button to push in led me to get an insurance replacement. I'm not saying that your phone will survive a fall off of the roof, but mine did. I doubt an iphone would have.Low power/performance:I find that it doesn't have the RAM to handle things like checking email while you're getting directions. Recent updates to the phone and google/Android stuff have left my phone in a continual state of program crashing. I'm hoping to do a factory reset in a few days, after I back up all my data. You'd be an idiot to think that you could enjoy a movie on this. It's too small, but I think that of most phones. (why, please, why do you try to watch movies on a phone? argh!)Bad call quality:This phone gets worse reception than my old dumb-phone. Where I would have had 4 bars with that phone, I only have 1 or 2 in the same areas. I'm pretty sure they didn't tear down a cell tower, so it's gotta be the phone.All in all it was pretty decent for my first taste of Android, and getting to use Ice Cream Sandwich was pretty cool, but that version of the OS might be a little too advanced for this phone. The size is good, it fits in the fob pocket of most my jeans (men's 38s, for reference). It's not too heavy.

the phone itself is great. the operating system is too slow. its ok for the price you pay. i wouldnt recommend it,

I am hard on electronics my luck is I constantly drop them in water... I dropped this one in the toliet at work and it has most definatly lived up to its name.  The only thoing I dont like about it is that I cant figure out how to turn the camera shutter off...

Great phone my husband and I both have one of these phones. My daughter wanted one for her birthday so we chose this phone. It is a great phone. Shipping was fast and item was just what was described.

As a Music player: FAILI've always laughed at idiots who carry an ipod and smart phone. What, do you wear a watch and carry a camera too? This phone the reason why.When using an auxiliary cord in the car (Which is all I've done for the past 10 years without issue) the music will pause randomly.I don't mean once every few songs. It will put you through a battle of wills in which you press play, and it pauses again ad-infinitum.Because of this phone, I'm stuck to CD's - and god forbid local radio. I forgot those even still existed. This phone has set me back 10 years.As a Text machine: FAILI just sent my boyfriend an "I love you" text, oh, no, it slipped into spanish and it says "I llove' tupi" I just tried to text him, in English,"I hate my phone" And it said "I haste this Phoebe"It takes twice the concentration, both to type accurately, and check for when it decides to change what you typed to a word from the 14th century. (The great "Thou" instead of "You" war still rages on")  I went from a blackberry with a qwerty keyboard that I could type on faster than I can talk out loud, to the equivalent of a caveman chiseling into the side of a stone surface.I now only reply to people when it's worth taking the time to struggle with it. I am a text-hermit, and forget facebook, It will make "thou" look like an idiot publicly.As a phone: FAILI never use the phone anyway, because I WAS a texter.First of all this phone makes more calls than I do, and when it does it closes out the screen so I have to re-open to end the call. My friends get a lot of "Dam**t where is it, F*** I hate this piece of" *click* calls.The few joyous times a week I call my grandma though, it manages to mute on her, close out, and make it impossible to find the screen again to un mute or end the call.If you're calling a company, The "dial pad" is accessed by pushing a button. So if you want to enter say an account number, you have to pull your phone away, wait 3 seconds for it to light back up (It goes black when you have it to your face) and then press the button for dialpad, and then type. If you're like me you put the phone back to your ear then pull it away and look at it again, like 6 times... and you have to wait for it to light up and to open the dialpad again...My bank hangs up on me a lot these days, so does my grandma.As a Camera: FAILmy instagram misses me.As a gaming device: DECENTI got to admit the touch screen is cool, and minecraft mobile is addicting to no end, my phone is a glorified minecraft machine.As a floater in the toilet: PASSI did drop it in the toilet once, and after a though sanitation session it booted up like a champ.BOTTOM LINE:You see some great reviews - by people who have never owned a smart phone. I'm sure it's very impressive and shiny like the first wheel was to cavemen but this phone takes every basic function older phones have, and makes them difficult as s*** to use. I hate this phone.If anyone has a fix for the music pausing ID LOVE YOU ETERNALLY. If anyone knows how to turn the e-mail alert sound OFF and the Facebook alert sounds ON that would also fix a mind numbingly annoying problem.

Awesome phone. I just love it. It does everthing i need.

I love this phone very nice phone for a prepaid carrier I have had no trouble at all. definitly reccommend it!

i love the phone.it can do so much but most of all i love the grate deal i got on it

The phone is ugly, customer service is unreachable; it is not $2 a day - it is $3 a day - and there is not option to pay by minute use - so it is not real pre-paid phone, it is just mediocre no-contract phone.the worst part is Customer service. I do not recommend this company.

First of all, let's get the "negative" points of this smartphone out of the way, front-and-center:- The Hydro lacks 4G capability.- The screen is relatively small (by contemporary standards), and of moderate resolution.- You get "only" a 1gHz, single-core processor. Heavy gamers won't be pleased.- The 3.2MP camera (rear-facing-only) isn't much to write home about.Now, on to the meat of the matter: as a freelance IT person, I've set up scores of iPhones (from the first version up to the 4S), and any number of Android phones for clients needing help getting their heads wrapped around their new, pocketable devices. Me? I hardly felt the need for that much mobile firepower: as a long-retired gamer, I wasn't terribly seduced by large, high-res screens (that's what laptops and tablets are for, right?), and I hardly get off on the idea of watching a feature-length movie on a 4.3-inch screen, high-def or not. I was more than happy with a BlackBerry Curve for my needs ("needs" being defined in my case as: e-mail, texting, IM, Web/data...and, usually, just placing and taking calls wherever I happen to be...yes, a phone!). "A tool, not a toy" has long been my mantra.That changed a bit when I discovered that the BlackBerry platform doesn't play well with IMAP-based e-mail. I discovered this when I moved to a Gmail account and wanted to take advantage of IMAP's features. (I won't delve into the niceties of IMAP here, so at the risk of sounding rude, Just Bleeping Google It.) The long and short of it is that RIM was of no help to me, and the problem was beyond the realm of my cellular carrier (Boost Mobile). I wanted to stick with my carrier, but what was I going to do?I'd taken a glance at various Android phones for the better part of a year. Found nothing compelling, and all the phones seemed to cost at least a bit more than I was willing to shell out at a given time. I didn't care a lot about having the biggest screen or the highest resolution; nice as those are, I'd just be paying for stuff that didn't matter much in the main. I *did* care a bunch about e-mail, and it made sense that since Google was responsible for both the Android OS *and* Gmail, it was a no-brainer that the two would meld quite well. But I decided to sit on the fence and suffer quietly with my Curve. (Someone told me "Hey, you can just access Gmail from your 'Berry's browser, right?" Right, except that, if you know anything about the BlackBerry, you also know that doing this totally negates the main reason for sticking with the platform in the first place.)Along comes the Hydro. The "killer app" for me in this phone's specs wasn't an app at all: this phone was spec'd as watertight, at least down to a meter in water. I've killed at least one phone by drowning, and I'm generally a LOT more careful handling my phones than most people I've observed. This feature alone could overshadow shortcomings such as a lack of 4G or a humongous, max-res screen. It means I can whip the thing out in a driving thunderstorm (or, less dramatically, in the middle of taking a shower), and not fear subjecting the phone to a premature death. It simply makes the phone *useful* in more situations, and under more (and more adverse) conditions than other smartphones...in this case more than almost *any* other smartphone you can name.Meanwhile: The Hydro is pleasantly light, by way of casing that's entirely plastic. It doesn't have the "sexy" heft or look as a phone with metal wrapping around it, but I'll take light weight (with some structural integrity) over "sexy" (which is subjective, anyway) any day of the week. I will say the Hydro is anything but an eyesore: the worst you might say about it is that it looks somewhat ordinary. Hardly a sin in my mind.The screen is of decent size, and moderate in resolution, yet quite legible; Web pages come up with reasonable contrast and color, and page downloading, while not lightning-quick, is certainly fast enough for general purposes. Brightness is adjusted automatically based on ambient lighting conditions.The touch-screen interface is pleasant to use. Note that the Hydro does have off-screen touch-controls at the phone's bottom, even though the latest iterations of the Android OS have largely done away with the need for such ancillary controls. They seem to work well.And, speaking of the OS: the Hydro comes loaded with Android 4.0.4 (code-named Ice Cream Sandwich...I rather like that name). My exposure to previous iterations of Android have been somewhat limited, but I can say that the overall "feel" of the OS is pleasantly smooth and responsive, and the downloading, launching and moving-around of apps exposed nothing in the way of untoward behavior thus far.And, those apps...well over half a million so far. Still a fair count behind the iPhone, but as something of an Apple fanboy myself I can tell you that the Android platform has moved well past the "just a contender among many" stage and swinging it's weight just fine, thank you.As I said, no 4G here...but there's 3G, which does the job rather well (this in spite of Sprint's somewhat-spotty rep in terms of 3G network performance), and wi-fi, and Bluetooth, as well as wi-fi hotspot capability. BT pairing with my Motorola HX-1 headset was painless, although getting the phone to play nice with my Apple AirPort Extreme took a little doing. (Hint: If you haven't done it in a while, check your wireless router for software/firmware updates, and download/install them when available. If not, simply restart the router...that often does the trick.) Overall reception was somewhat better than my BlackBerry Curve 8530, but as the saying goes, YMMV.)(9/29/12 Addendum): I recently purchased a BlueAnt T1 Bluetooth headset to try out with the Hydro: so far, so good, although one problem I discovered with both headsets is that the voice-dial command voice from the phone - the voice that says "speak now", among other things - is rather low in volume, with no means of adjustment by the user. I've contacted Kyocera about this, since it appears to be an issue with the Voice-Dial app, not the phone itself, and I've been told a fix is in the works. Hardly a deal-breaker IMO, but the fix will make an already pretty-solid phone superb.Then there's the price: almost silly-cheap. If you're already using a BlackBerry on Boost, you're in for a treat: normally, buying the phone in-person entails an extra charge for set-up and such; In my case, they simply sold me the phone, transferred my account and had me set up in minutes, no extra charge. Couldn't be happier.(9/29/12 Addendum): One other "bonus" to not having stuff like 4G or a large, max-res screen is battery life: I've typically gone for over seven hours, utilizing the phone's various functions, and managed to run the battery down to about 25% or so of remaining capacity - rather good stats, compared to most razzle-dazzle phones out out there. Kyocera's included Eco app helps out here.Proverbial Bottom Line: if you value function over sheer entertainment value, I can safely say Kyocera's Hydro packs quite a bit of value for the bucks. Don't let the "entry-level" remarks of upcoming reviews scare you off: unless you *have* to have big-screen bling or that sexy silver band to wrap your anxious hands around, I'd say this phone rocks hard enough in its own quiet way. And when you and your friends are stuck in the rain and someone needs to call a car service to save the day, *you* get to play DareDevil without worry.(UPDATE 02/04/13 - Six Months Out): So far, no major surprises...there have been a few app-related glitches here and there, but nothing especially aggravating. Kyocera just released a firmware/software upgrade which I installed today; So far, the most I can detect is a mild kick in speed, similar to when I've performed firmware upgrades in computers and such. It's taken some rain, some snow, and a few drops to the floor - in and out of the case I bought for it - and it's hanging tough.(UPDATE 07/27/13) - Goodness, nearly a year out, practically a lifetime in cellular terms. Here's what's happened since my last update:- App Madness: My Hydro went a little nuts for the better part of a week, without much explanation, at least at first - slug-slow response, frequent restarts...the usual stuff a number of people have slagged the phone for before. After some sleuthing, it turned out that an update for one app, plus the addition of another app had done the phone in: removing said apps brought things back to normal. Moral: whatever phone you buy, if it starts going buggy after a few months, check your apps before blaming the phone itself.- Bent Reception: Shortly after this little misadventure, I had a week where my phone reception at home became close to nonexistent - calls and text messages were getting through sporadically at best. Since this is my main phone, I couldn't have that. A quick call to Boost cleared up the mystery: a Sprint cellular tower in my area had apparently collapsed, screwing up service for a lot of people, but they were on top of things and would have service restored quickly. Which they did.- Right this moment, I'm holding the new Hydro EDGE, the Hydro's apparent replacement. All I'll say for now is that, save for 4G LTE (nope, still doesn't have it, but I can deal), it appears to be, on paper, a sizable upgrade all-around: dual-core processor, slightly bigger screen (now behind "impact-resistant" glass), upgraded camera (5MP with autofocus, plus 720p hi-def video), Kyocera's unique Smart Sonic Receiver, essentially a form of bone-conduction technology that allows you to hear your caller's voice under quite noisy conditions, et cetera, et cetera. Is it any good? Stay tuned...and beware of reviews from people who've owned theirs for less than a week. :-)

I love the phone but hate that there's no forward facing camera. Since it doesn't run the newest version of Android I've had difficulties watching rented movies on it.

This is a great phone for a great price.I would recommend it for a starter phone or for teenagers.

This is the worst phone I ever had! The phone cuts off for no reason! It was very cheap so i got what i paid for.

I really like this phone. I'm used to androids so i wanted to get an android. I already had to test out the water proffness and it works! I even texted in the shower!

The only downside to this phone is the battery life. It is just awful, but from talking and asking around all android like phones have this problem, so this may not be a problem at all just surprised how fast your battery goes down if your using it or not. True story. This came in before its estimated time and I love the phone!

I bought this phone for $130, and while it was worth the money, it does have problems.The first and most important is that at times while making phone calls, my recipient will no longer be able to hear me. However, I can still hear them. This is not a huge deal for me, because I don't make many phone calls, but I'm sure it would be to most people.The second is the construction is pretty cheap (of course it is, it only cost $130!) The power button has broken a couple times on me. It seems like the button is just popping out of position or something. Both these times I hit the phone against my hand a few times, and it started to work again. On a good note, I have dropped this phone an uncountable number of times already and nothing has cracked.The third is the camera. It's pretty awful. It is only 3.2 MP after all.These are really the only complaints I have of this phone. I would definitely not buy it if you are used to iPhones and other high-end phones though.

I got this phone for $59. I love it and it is a great phone (so far). Haven't had any disappointments or problems. Definitely worth the buy.

Switched to a smartphone not quite 2 months ago.  First tried the Samsung Transform Ultra, then decided on the Kyocera Hydro for the lower price and Ice Cream Sandwich OS.  When you are talking on the phone the buttons get pressed causing muting, speakerphone, 3-way calling, ending your call.  Extraordinarily ANNOYING!!!  After contacting Kyocera (I did receive a prompt reply via email) tried adjusting the "safety" (weird nomenclature for this setting) and it's still way too sensitive to use as a phone.  Everything else on the phone was fine, UNTIL yesterday.  Now the on/off button is failing making the phone unusable (I've since read this seems to be somewhat common). It's really too bad, if it weren't for these two issues I'd think this phone was ok.  Good for everything, EXCEPT making calls, if it lasts!  I didn't test the waterproofness - and have no confidence that even is due to the quality.Also, does not scan barcodes, only QR codes.Update:  I contacted Kyocera and was advised to send my phone in to their repair facility in NY.  That was back on Mar. 8, 2013.  It is now May 13th, and still no phone back from the repair facility.  Poor quality and they may as well not even provided a warranty with this type of slow service.  Status of the repair:0/00/00  REPLACED ASSY CASE BACK0/00/00  REPLACED SPACE SENSOR0/00/00  REPLACED TAPE CASE FRONT2/26/13  RA Issued3/08/13  Phone received3/08/13  BATTERY3/08/13  BATTERY COVER3/11/13  BOOST3/11/13  SCRATCHED COSMETICS3/11/13  NO POWER/CHARGING OK3/18/13  PHONE BEING REPAIRED BY TECH3/22/13  WAITING PARTS5/08/13  REPAIRED BY TECHNICIAN5/09/13  REFURBISHED SOFTWARE5/10/13  Payment processed5/10/13  SHIPPED WITH ACCESSORIES5/10/13  SHIPPED WITH ACCESSORIES5/10/13  SHIPPED WITH ACCESSORIESI was told they received the parts on 4/3/2013.Update:  5/13/2013 - Many, many calls to Kyocera  They tell me it's being tested, but cannot tell me when I'll get my phone back!  Horrible customer service!  Poor rep is polite, but the company sucks.  Poor quality phone and warranty is basically non-existent if it takes months to repair.  The repair took longer than I owned the phone!  Will NEVER buy a Kyocera/Sanyo again!!!  Still haven't received the phone and I'm just hoping it's working properly.  If not, I'm going to have to just buy another phone and right off the $70 I paid to use it for less than 2 mos., and it never worked properly from the get-go.Update:  06/18/2013 - This is an awful phone for making phone calls!  I still keep cutting people off because the proximity sensor doesn't work properly,.  I either mute them, or the screen changes and they can't here me.  I am so tired of hearing, "Are You there?"  You must sit perfectly still when using the phone.  I cannot wait to buy another phone.  I think all they did was repair the on/off button.  It will not sync with Skydrive and when I contacted Kyocera, they just said to set it back to factory settings.  The phone is a great price, but unusable as a phone and Kyocera offers NO CUSTOMER SERVICE!UPDATE:  FOR THOSE HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THE PHONE MUTING OR PRESSING SCREEN WHEN ON A CALL, I FOUND THE PERFECT APP:  [...]

I just got the phone on yesterday, so I am still trying to figure out how everything works.  Because I resisted purchasinga Smart Phone for so long, this is my first Android phone.  So far, except for the small screen I love it.  I did note that the playback was a little fuzzy when my daughter logged on to Netflix last night. It did not freeze or play slowly or anything like that, just a slightly fuzzy picture.

great android phone until it freezes up, restarts by itself while using normally since the first day, I've had this phone for three days now, also tried the &#34;water proof&#34; feature by submerging and pouring water over it (while phone locked and all jacks covered of course), first attempt was fine but water seeped in after a few seconds after pouring water over, which killed the screen and camera, I had to wait a whole day before it dried and I could use it again. I was excited as this was my first smartphone but overall, product didn't deliver

Please dont waste your money! We didnt buy this off of amazon.com, but one of these at radio shack for my husband, and I got mine at walmart. They suck! They kick you off of your calls, then call back, then hang up again. The battery life sucks... Even with eco mode one. We take my daughter to two different hospitals that are both 4 hours away north and south, and the gps gets kicked off and all the other apps get booted off of as well. We have had to make so many detours because this phone does not work properly, especially with apps it already comes with such as google maps. It turns off when it feels like and it FREEZES!! The most irritating of them all is that it freezes all the time. I do not recommend it at all. And if you want to look more into it, look on the boostmobile site and you can see a LOT of people that say the same thing and more. Its a good price, but now that i paid for it and the cover and such, its not worth it. The phone is useless.

I really like the phone. I can't afford the expensive phones, but when I upgrade my phone I try to find something better than the last one which this time was a samsung galaxy prevail. After using the Hydro for several weeks I think it was an upgrade.

You need to read this before buying their phones!On 11/29/12 my Kyocera Hydro's power button broke. I sent the phone to Kyocera to be repaired. They claimed it was fixed and sent it back to me a month later. On 1/25/13 the SAME power button broke again. I sent the phone to Kyocera to be repaired again. They claimed it was fixed again and sent it back to me a month later. On 5/6/13 the SAME power button broke for the THIRD TIME. I sent the phone in again. I expected I would get a new phone at this point. Kyocera reps told me it had to break one more time before they would replace the phone with a new one. They claimed that the phone was fixed again and sent it back a month later. On 9/19/13 my Kycoera Hydro's power button broke for the FOURTH time after the last 3 supposed repairs.I called their horrible customer service center again fully expecting that finally I would be taken care of and they would "no questions asked" send me a new phone. I WAS SO WRONG. They wanted me to send my phone in once again to be "Evaluated".A month later I called wondering where is my replacement phone? I get the run around day after day. I was told once that Corporate has to approve it now... and another time It is still in the repair center being evaluated. No one knew where my phone was or cared. Finally, yesterday I get a package from Kyocera with a phone in it. This phone was NOT my phone (which I would have been furious to receive, because they odviously CAN'T fix it!) and NOT a new phone (which I was told I would receive numerous times by kyocera reps & supervisors)The phone I received was not only someone else's used phone, but it had blue paint on the back of it! It was marred and get this also connected to a previous owners service! I was getting someone else's private calls and text messages on a phone I should have never received!WOW is all I can say... I'm stunned by the horrific service. They should have replaced the silly 100 dollar phone back when it broke the second time. Wow.

I bought this phone locally just cause I didn't want to wait. And truthfully I was looking at the Blackberry Curve from Boost instead of this. My friend has Boost, so I knew that's who I wanted to go with so no decision there. But again I would have had to order it online and wait and I needed a phone that day.But I will say is I'm not mad that I got this phone instead of the Boost Blackberry Curve. In fact. I think I kinda lucked out. This phone is great and I think I prefer it over the Blackberry. For it's price it's super loaded with features. I was super happy at what I got in my phone from boost for this money. This may in fact be the best phone I've ever had. It's way better than anything I have gotten anywhere else for a similar price, and I was with ATT as my cell carrier. $100.00 wouldn't buy this quality of phone from ATT without a binding, financially & emotionally draining 2 year contract. Even then I don't know if I would have gotten as good of a phone anywhere else even with a contract.Also Boost service has been nothing short of amazing. First I was paying almost $200.00 a month for cell service via ATT. Between needing data service, unlimited text, plus their service charges and taxes I felt like I needed vaseline to open my bill every month. With Boost I now pay under $60.00 a month total, and that should get down to around $40.00 a month eventually. To go further ATT wouldn't switch my number to Boost because of an account descrepency. Boost tech support went above and beyond and took several hours out of their day to try and get them to activate my old number so it could be ported and they got it done!Boost, so far has been amazing! When I think about my switch from ATT contract phone to Boost, I wanna sing "Ding dong the witch is dead..."

Bought for my 14 year old son.  I wanted this particular phone because it is water resistant.  It works great.  I recommend buying a larger memory card.  It comes with a 2gb card, which does not hold enough for a 14 year old.  I put an 8gb card in and so far it has had plenty of space.

I spend more time plugging this useless thing into a charger after finding it dead than I do making calls. If I spend time choosing the icons I want on the screen and my own wallpaper, then the pointless BoostZone software will replace my icons and wallpaper. There is no apparent way to disable this nonsense. I would list several more annoyances, but it's not helping my blood pressure.I now understand why 1 star reviews often appear to be written by crazy folks. They've been driven that way by terrible products. This crazy person has thrown this "smart phone" across the room - not once, but several times since he owned it, and has finally decided to use it for a science project that involves a hacksaw.In summary, I can't recommend buying it however cheap it appears.

fast shipping,easy to use,good screen.switching from old phone to new phone was easy.I like that it's water resistant.

Awesome cheep phone! Fast and reliable. Don't thing you can use this in the shower though! The water hitting it will push buttons and once the screen is wet it's very hard to use. Never have to worry about dropping it in the toilet, and if you do you can disinfect it no worries!

This was a so/so phone, it's still kicking around the house as a spare but I have since replaced with a 4g capable unit,

I was excited to receive this phone, but about a week into use it turned off and would not turn back on.  I returned it and received a second phone.  I have been using it for about 6 weeks and it will intermittently shut off and not work. I have missed my return time and am completely unsatisfied with the phone.  All I can do now is hope that it fixes itself.

thought it would have been better the charging slot is in a bad location hard to be on phone while chargingspeakers are not great

i bought this phone as a back up for when my samsung galaxy phone breaks. The color quality of the phone cant beat the samsung. but i love the memory on the kyocera. i also love how the apps dont take up too much memory and that it has its own music player. I didnt get to try dunking it in water yet because i dont want to risk breaking it. but other then that the phone is a great price and does the job.

This phone has android on it. It's waterproof. It's got a camera. Everything about this phone looks pretty good on paper. Except for one thing; It doesn't work very well. Sure, this phone is great if you don't mind a web-browser that locks-up, calls that get dropped, an incredibly irritating update systems (no thanks to Boost Mobile) and a screen that scratches so easily you'll want to avoid touching it (kind of a big problem with a touchscreen phone.)If you're REALLY strapped for cash I'd say get a low end non-smartphone. I've had this device for about 2 months and it does a lot of things - it just doesn't do any of them very well.If i was asked to say one good thing about this phone it's that it smells good. So yeah, if you need a phone that doesn't do anything except smell good - then this is the phone for you.Otherwise...-AVOID IT-

From the beginning this phone was a problem screen blinking off and on and numerous other things couldn't access contacts

Great water proof phone for the BOOST MOBILE NETWORK. The features on the phone are not the best but I bought it because I work outdoors and I needed a phone that wouldn't die if it got wet. I'm very happy with the phone and would recommend it for anyone who works out in the elements.

Its really easy to use. One thing I would change,is the screen size. Also, it says you can watch video, but its only you tube type videos not TV shows (nbc).

This is an excellent phone, at an excellent price.  I love the fact that it can handle water.  This is a very important feature for a motorcycle rider that rides in all kinds of weather.

I had multiple things go bad on this phone a week after I bought the phone...It dealt with the screen problems etc till my on/off switch stopped working..I sene the damaged phone in to Kyocera and they wants $88.00 to fix it because of a damaged sim card reader. I would of been happy if they just fixed the on/off switch but because of the damged sim card they refuse to do any repairs and say warranty voided....

Activating phone for monthly boost unlimited was a nightmare and required multiple hour long phone calls to Boost Mobile before they got it right. Boost Mobile web site is a joke and they force you to call phone support to do many things that could be done easily with a better web site. Customer service hours are terrible. Kyocera phone touch screen stopped working spontaneously after just a couple weeks of use. Kyocera made me pay shipping to send the phone in for repair then claimed to be back ordered on replacement parts. It literally took two full months to get my phone back from repair. In the meantime Boost Mobile refused to refund me for the two months they automatically charged me for the phone when I was unable to use it. They continued to charge me for a third month even though I had used their web form to request that they cancel my account. I ended up having to go back to T-mobile for my cell service. Choosing Boost cost me many hours of frustration and hundreds of wasted dollars. If I ever try to buy a Kyocera phone or use Boost Mobile again I want someone to just punch me in the face instead.

There's very few redeeming qualities to this phone. It's cheap (well, that can be a good thing I guess), poorly made, unreliable, fragile, bloated with useless software, slow, and unstable. If you need some throw-away burner type phone, I'd say this is a good pick. The screen washes out easily in the sun, the battery life is subpar, and wifi has very poor reception. In conjunction with the overloaded and molasses slow 3G on Sprint (via Boost) you'll be disappointed.Any money you spend on this phone is essentially as good as money thrown into the street.

Not easy to use.  Horrible contact menu.  Had to order new battery immediately because it would not keep a charge.

this is my 2nd kyocera hydro, and both phones have been glitchy. since i got the phone at a discounted sale price, i suppose i got what i paid for... this is a temporary phone for me and i like that it is waterproof.. not that ive dropped it yet!the phone does have lots of issues though ~if you need a burner phone, this is your best best until you can drop $200-300 on a better phone.

It needs a bigger screen but other then that it's a very good phone I would recommend this for the value

Wow this is literally the worst cell phone I've ever used!  It's like a phone designed with turtles in mind because that's the only way this phone could ever be considered fast.  It's not like I came across this phone and thought it would be great cause I didn't but I expected it to be usable.  The only Good thing I can say about this phone is it  has ics and I've no idea why.  Just so you know I'm not being overly critical  my previous phone was a Samsung replenish a phone so old it used Android 2.2 or 2.3  which ever one gingerbread was. I simply expected better performance than that phone and that bar was set pretty low.

I have had numerous problems with this phne. Do not bother. It's a waste of money. You will want a different phne right away.

It was beyond what I expected! I am so satisfied. Timing was great too. Keep up the good work!Thanks!

i just love my phone better than metro I can get connection fast sound is great so are the picture

i got this phone because having my iphone got to expensive, i like the fact that its waterproof, but alot of times ill be doing something on it and it freezes, i have to find something like a fork or butterknife to unlock the back to take the battery out,

I recently bought this phone because I was trying to save money, but I promise it is a waste! I had it for about 3 weeks only and  My alert tone no longer works although the phone says the volume is on full. I also want to point out it is very limited on features. You don't even have a camera self timer. Also the pictures themself are awful. I realize now tat sometimes it is better to just spend the extra cash and get a real phone. It has been three weeks and I am on here shopping for another phone!!!

Before I start, let me say that I got this phone on sale for $50. That being said even at $80 this phone is fine. The only thing keeping me from changing to another phone is that I ride motorcycles so I like that I can call anyone in case I need to and it won't matter if it's raining. It is a great relief to have the ability to talk to someone when it's raining and since I live in Florida, that is a huge plus. Now to the phone. Coming from the HTC 3D, this phone took some getting used to due to slowness. I do put apps into my SD, have Juicedefender app, and have Task killer, which I am constantly pressing to clear any background apps.The battery could be better, if you are a constant talker look somewhere else because this phone will suck the battery but call quality is perfect. It's small, compact, lightweight, and waterproof. At the end of the day, I am looking for a phone to call, not waste my time playing Angry Birds or any of the like. It has GPS ability so it gets me to where I need to go with little to no problem and that's fine. I can mount it on my motorcycle and even if its raining, I can still follow Scout GPS. That's fricken' awesome. At $50 it's a steal, at $80, it's decent.Note: I have tried the Hydro Edge prior to the Hydro, it was downright terrible. While it is faster, I can barely hear the other person on the line and what's the point of having a phone (albeit faster) if I can't make out any words? Returned it, and bought the hydro. Stayed with it for about 5 months now.* The reason why I am not recommending it is that most people are looking for long battery with super blazing fast processing and high def screens. This phone is NONE of that. BUT if you are like me who uses a phone like a phone and uses the data stuff when needed then by all means buy the phone because let me tell you, it's hilarious seeing other peoples confused faces when I'm talking to someone and it is straight up pouring outside. That and the price is great.Edit: The phone right now is $36.49... holy cow, guess I'll be replacing mine.

he loves his phone he can hear it and its durable.  He works hard jobs and he is 95 percent deaf.

Phone was garbage. Had it for one day. I had to charge it 4x. I took it off the charger at 6pm and left the phone alone woke up at 5am it was turned off. Turned it bk on battery completely dead. Plastic battery cover please feels like a phone for a kid especially if u need a bulky water proof phone.

I want to start by saying, don't buy this phone if you think it's INVINCIBLE!It is water proof but it's not EVERYTHING proof.You people expect too much from a 100$ smart phone.I've had this phone for about 7 months and there have been minor problems with freezing and app mess-ups, but nothing serious. Just restart the phone or app and it's fine!The kyocera hydro obviously isn't going to be as great as an Iphone or hi-end Droid that costs 500$. It's common sense. BUT this phone is very nifty, it has everything you really need if you're an average person that doesn't need a phone that meets EVERY DEMAND you have. It's definitely worth the price. (:

This phone is $20 more at the Boost website and $40 more at the Boost kiosk in my town.  Admittedly I wasn't too hard to please, being as I had been using a really old phone without a data plan with a Sprint contract for the past 7 years, and decided divorce my bank account from Sprint and to go contractless; this phone is awesome and you're not going to find it for any less money anywhere else.

This produce has been nothing but a enjoyable. I'm very pleased I went with the Kyocera Hydro phone!!! Overall the phone is worth the money!

This is the first Android cell phone I have had . It was easy to set it up with the assistance from my wife because I had little knowledge of them. Great value for the money and I would recommend it to a friend.

i am so glad i bought this phone on amazon. it was 20 dollars more on the actual boost mobile website.I bought this phone for my mom and she loves it. she was new to android so she didn't expect much. but when she found out all the stuff it could do she fell in love with it.i give this product 5 stars because it made a great gift for the holidays and there is nothing wrong with the phone. i was scared to do the water test only because of my own experience with phones and water.the only thing negative is that after i did the water test. you couldnt really hear anything clearly until the water drys.

I really love my phone glad I purchase it. It's much better than the phone I previous had. I can download music, games etc....my only complain is that I have to keep the phone on the charger all the time. I would recommend this phone to anyone who's looking to purchase a new phone. Very glad I join Amazon, keep up the good work.

thank you amazon for having this product available on your site . we love this phone  its everything we expected and more.we will recommend this product to all our family and friends

I recommend this phone for sure. Super easy to use. It doesn't take great photos indoors, but outdoors it's great.

Runs well, 100% waterproof, I left it on purpose in the sink, covered in water, nothing happened, it is what it is.

great price for the phone and waterproof, I have had it for a month now without a single 'glitch&#34;. the only drawback I have found is the battery life but then it is an android phone and the batteries never last  long on them

Purchased for my son (his choice.) He continues to rave about how it exceeds his expectations as a smart phone on a prepaid plan.

The phone means well and looks good on paper but the screen resolution is very poor and ICS OS looks very generic on this phone.  It's also short yet very light and a tad bit bulky.  Spend a bit extra and buy a higher end Android on Boost like any of the Samsung's, Evo or even the new LG Venice.

I bought this phone for my son for Christmas and he loves it. He wont put it down. We havent tested out the water proofing but i think we will avoid that if we can. Lol.

I bought this phone to use as a tiny tablet to go online. I don't use it as a cell phone. It works very well for what I wanted and keeps a charge relatively well. The touch screen is responsive and the picture is fine.

I have the same issues and I have not been anyway affected by cell towers or the weather. My Sister (by coincidence) purchased the same phone and she also has the same issues in another State. This is by far the worst phone I ever purchased.... and for all reasons others have mentioned. The only plus is that it is waterproof, but I would rather have a phone that actually works instead.I should've gone with my gut before buying this device. Most times it takes forever to respond, if it responds at all. Apps force close all the time. The phone switches to dial mode while I'm talking, then people can't hear me.Not sure if it's every touch screen phone, but this screen for texting is terrible (too sensitive), I still prefer actual buttons for texting. Could use longer battery life. Could use a more powerful processor for higher video playback resolution.Consistently drops phone callsPhone freezes, background apps shorten life of bat, warranty stinks they want you to pay to ship itAfter the update, my phone has just...given up. Powers down randomly regardless of battery life, freezes, and overall, just the worst. The battery life took a major hit when the wi-fi started turning itself *back on* after I turn it off. Every day, it's the battle royale betwixt me and my phone. Wi-fi off. No seriously, phone. No. Off.The slow processor causes some hiccups, weak camera, and only 3g, but since it is on boost (sprint) there are no 4g WiMax towers in my neighborhood (or even close), so thats a null point for 95% of the US.[...]

i have to say that is good is faster, good quality and good camera.,. but why is it cdma?? it is too old for me  i dont like it ,,, cdma is oldie and is not the best way to have network conections, i prefer GSM ,.,GSM IS the most modern way to have network contection, i having problems with this product in my country because it is cdma , sorry i dont like this productAPART, the package comes too crushed and it was too bad for me , was a bad product image, you need a best package

A GREAT GIFT AND THE PRICE IS BETTER THAN BUYING IN A STORE, I BOUGHT AS A GIFT TO MY SON IN COLLEGE HIS PHONE I BOUGHT FROM KMART LAST DECEMBER DIED AND WE LOOKED FOR THE WARRANTY BUT COULD NOT FIND I WENT TO AMAZON JUST TO BROWSE FOUND THIS PHONE THE HYDRO BY BOOST MOBILE THIS IS BETTER THAN THE PHONE I BOUGHT LAST YEAR SO I WILL BE SHOPPING ON AMAZON.COM A LOT. THANKS AMAZON THIS IS A NEW SHOPPING EXPERIENCE.

This phone was great for about the first 3 months then started missing calls, would ring twice and go to.vmail, sometimes the phone shuts off for no reason. Since keyocera sent software update, Google had to update all of its junk which caused the phone to really mess up. Google took control of the phone, can no longer control WiFi, it turnaround itself on whenever, battery goes dead now within 2 hrs of coming off the charger due to Google constanly turning things back on. Have tried removing the offending apps but they redownload. Camera takes bad pics unless you are very near subject. Nice music feature sucks because you can't get the music out of the phone. I would suggest this phone to my ex wife but nobody that I care about. Total P.O.S! Plus, cricket is not going to support this phone early this year but they didn't notify their customers of this. I just found out via online phone review magazine.

I bought this phone for each of my children. Being in the learning stage of life, one of them sent a phone through both the clothes washer and the tumble-dryer, full cycle on each.  I plugged it in and it powered up normally. A month has gone by, and it's still functioning without a hitch.  Of course every phone gadget has its drawbacks (and I believe other reviewers have sufficiently covered them), but I'm giving it five stars for durability. Way to go, Kyocera; well done!

So I got this at Target for $11 or so... And for that it's a great, solid piece of hardware. Performance is very snappy for a single core, almost downright impressive. Great for watching youtube and listening to music in the shower. Build quality is high given its intended retail price, and the water protection seems perfectly adequate.Survived a fall from 7 feet onto a ceramic tile floor with only a scuff. Won't be that silly again.

Gotta say we were very satisfied w/ this item... We will continue to use Amazon for many more of our electronic purchases !!!

This phone was great until my screen scrambled on me and had to get a replacement and be without my phone for 4 days. I was not happy with that at all!

I only had the phone for 45 days and it do not no longer work, the battery won't stay charged.  I feel like this company ripped me off.

I Really Love this Phone, it is what i was looking for . Easy to Use and Lightweight .I would Recommend if You want An Inexpensive Android Phone .

Okay, the phone itself is decent for the price; my husband has it and loves it.  The problem for me was that the screen won't stay &#34;asleep&#34; while I'm talking on it.  I've been in the middle of a conversation and it will come unlocked and my cheek will start dialing numbers or switch over or even hang up.  I even ordered a new phone to swap in case it was just the phone but that one did the same thing.  It must be me b/c I couldn't find any other reviews that mentioned this problem.  I don't know what it was but it just didn't work for me.  I returned it for the Samsung Galaxy Rush and I LOVE that phone.

This Android phone is great. It came quick and is a great value. I am very happy with my purchase.

Unusable. Very slow. Even if you plan to use it without any apps whatsoever, it's incredibly slow and what you do gets cancelled/interrupted all the time so you have to start over. So I gave up and just decided to use it at home. But the wireless keeps dropping, so you can't even use it at home to browse the internet or watch videos. It just keeps loading... and loading...

I absolutely love the hydro phones. Loved this one so much that when it was time for a new phone I upgraded to the hydro edge, which soars above its predecessor... May get the hydro xtrm next!

This is the worst functioning phone I have ever had, me and two of my brothers have this phoneAnd within days of using it the problems started , muting itself in every conversation, freezing all the time, if u play music it pauses itself repeatedly,the problems go on an on.. also all the same problems happened to mine and my brothers hydros so its not just mine... advice is spend the extra money and get a quality phone that with actually last

I bought this phone from Ebay, after not being able to buy from a sale at a big box store.  I wasn't expecting much, and found it to be a great phone, however, I haven't activated it.  I'm using it on wifi only, at the moment.I wanted to get my 6YO daughter an Android media player/camera/game device.  For that end, it's great!  The screen and camera are low res, but I can't find a fault with this, for the price.  She doesn't mind at all.The was really surprised on how peppy it is! It has a single core 1GHZ processor, but it moves really fast, and have had no problems with any of the games I've installed for her.  (I haven't tried to install any high end games, but maybe I'll do so, just as a stress test.)The battery life is better than I expected.  Usually, cheap phones have horrible battery life, but it seems standard to good.  Batteries are cheap online, and I was able to find her a very nice and cheap kickstand case, which she loves.I plan on buying another, unactivated to keep in my tackle box as a fishing camera.  On a sale price, this can't be beat!

Battery dies when it's just sitting in my pocket with only the necessary apps running after I've fully charged it, apps and dialing phone calls run very slow (specific to this make), sometimes gets hot with only necessary apps running, screen goes black or phone restarts in the middle of use or sometimes without use, had to adjust because the screen was hanging up on calls or navigating to the dial-pad while muting my end. Myself and a friend both have just recently bought this phone brand new and are having the same issues, I don't have many good things to say about it.

I got two of these phones as Christmas presents for my parents. So far they have enjoyed them to no end. I havent heard any complaints. For the price, these phones are definitely worth it.

The Wi-Fi settings sucks on this phone, but other then that this phone is a pretty damn good phone to have

I just my new phone. Thanks Amazon! The keyboard is a bit small and I mess up a lot,like right other than that its great!

I gave the phone 5 stars it is awesome as an basic smartphone.  The phone does more than can be expected for the price.

This is a great phone. Easy to use and acts like a 4G.  Got this for a son who drops his phone in water frequently.  Got tired of replacing expensive smart phones.............this is a great smart phone and getting it wet is not a problem.  Would highly recommend for folks who want a good smart phone and plan at a reasonable cost.

Good for gym workouts. When you don't want to call the bulky note 2. You don't have to worry about breaking this cheap gadget. Its surprisingly responsive..Bad: My wife took it from me !

I never recommend anything unless I try it first.  That's why I have one and I bought two more for my mom and dad! Now I just have to train them on how to use the phones LOL

It was alot cheaper and it arrived right on time! I will continue to purchase all my products from Amazion!

a good android phone for cheap, enough said, does what is needed with only a few qwerks. i got it because of the price.

I bought this phone because I lost my HTC One X and needed a phone quickly to tide me over until I got a replacement. For $100, I figured it wouldn't be anything great, but wouldn't be horrible either.  I was wrong.  The design is non-intuitive and flawed.  The placement of the power button is such that it's almost impossible not to hit the volume button when you're trying to flash the phone from sleep. The touchscreen is intermittently responsive; at some points requiring multiple attempts to  press an icon before it will launch the app, or when typing with the keyboard (Swype comes stock), typing a character on the keyboard 4 or 5 times, and then it will either "catch up" and type 5 of the same character, or it simply inserts the wrong one. The battery life is worse than any phone I've ever had, and I'm not a heavy user of graphic intensive apps or multimedia.  The Boost network (aka Sprint) is just plain bad. Every call I have been on for longer than a few minutes has dropped due to "fading signal".  The internet speed is dismally slow, so slow in fact that sometimes a page just won't load at all, and it happens at all times of the day.  Forget about downloading anything.  That's an exercise in futility and frustration.  I receive my replacement phone in a couple of days and I cannot wait to RETURN this phone and get back to AT&T.  It may cost more for the service, but at least my calls don't drop and it's fast and reliable so I can get actual work done when needed.

pretty much sucks. What do you expect for the price though. Phone serves its purpose. Its just a lower end model of an android phone. Never had one this cheap before and do not plan on it again.

The bad reviews that you will read here are what you should pay attention to. I didn't and now I'm out $55 because Boost has no live people manning their phones nor do they offer refunds. So beware. I had this phone for 3 day's and am returning it to Amazon. The battery will not stay charged all day. Even if you turn off apps and go to Eco mode.It dropped more call's than I could keep track of. Twice it just dropped a call then decided to call some one else at random! I'm 55 and have had a flip phone for years. No need for all this tech crap. Not only does this phone make taking a call harder than it should be, it takes too much time to read or check your voice mail. So to get to the point, Boost sucks and the Hydro phone sucks too. I'm staying with Verizon!

I love this phone only thing it is I have a vision problem and the fonts are large enough for me. But I would recommend this phone to anyone who loves to play games, do lists, watch movies, etc. It has everything. The ringtones on the other hand are soft tones, will need to download your own ringers.  All in all it is a great phone.

I love my Kyocera. There are so many apps. available to me which helps to make life easier when it comes to my daily task.

I gave this phone to my son and he loves it. Its more than what he wanted. He had been with Sprint for a few years but his bill was crazy high.

NICE BUT FREEZES EVERY SO OFTEN THATS WHY I RATED A 3 STAR LIK WATERPROOF BUT NEED TO FIX THE FREEZING

The phone runs pretty quick for just a single core CPU.  It  runs at 1ghz using a snap dragon processor.  It has a very bright LED and takes decent pictures at 3.2 mp, the video seems ok, but I need to really test it.  Has a nice basic android 4 system and comes with 2GB SD card installed.  I was overall pleased with this phone, in my opinion better than the HTC wildfire S, I had before.  I would have given it 5 stars but the phone could have been made more sturdy. I had Kyocera cell phones and this one is the best one I ever owned or seen.  For $59 dollars, this was a great bargain.  Thanks Amazon :)UPDATE  4-17-2013After returning the this model TWICE to AMAZON I requested a refund and will order another model.  This phone for me has been headaches, alot of lag and almost daily lockups!  I ofter had to remove the battery and restart the phone.  I would not recommend.

this was a replacement for a identical phone that fell and screen quit working. was easier and quicker to buy this phone then fuss with warranty which was not gaurenty to fix problem.

its a really good phone but im selling it because im getting an iphone 4 but its a really great phone

This phone was ordered for my teenage daughter who is very tough on phones.....I think this must be her 8th phone since age 12.  So far this one is holding up quite well, and for the price you cannot go wrong.  She seems to like it, and she plays lots of games both on Facebook and on apps that she's downloaded.  So far no complaints, you can't go wrong with this bargain price for a pretty decent smartphone.  Great for kids just learning how to use them as well as seasoned users.

i have not got it yet but do have the same one we ordered from boost fingers crossed that its the same and not used

I bought this phone when I broke my samsung transform, it was only 19.95 as a lightning deal. I am really pleased it was a great buy.

Great phone works real good glad I decided to buy this is a great Phone will shop again this was a great deal

MALFUNCTIONS 24/7,ONLY HAD 1 WEEK OF HAPPINESS. WASTE OF MONEY. TOTAL REGRET . HORRIBLE . JUST DOWNRIGHT LEMON. WONT BUY AGAIN . WISH I HADNT OPENED IT AND COULD THUS RETURN IT. IF NEGATIVE NUMBER STARS WERE POSSIBLE I WOULD GIVE IT THEM.

So far so great! And yes seems to be waterproof witch is what I really needed! Love the screen and the weightlessness of the phone itself. Good deal

Worst phone ever would not buy or even take it for free total piece of junk save youre money for reals

This phone is quite a bargain like Barrett said. It gives you a 1 Ghz processor, Android 4.0.4, and water resistance all in a light-weight package. The screen's resolution is mediocre, but its size makes it easy to carry in a pocket unlike larger "bling" phones. This is quite a step up from the Nokia E71 that I was using with another famous prepaid carrier.
