
This thing will not work it comes on and has no internet. Connection and drops calls at will in the middle of talking

I can't believe the bad ratings. It makes me wonder if we're all talking about the same phone. I got mine from a seller called JustGudJets in the US. It was shipped with Amazon Prime and I got it in 2 days. I was thrilled to see it was black like the picture because I noticed the description said white. It feels very solid, the touch screen is perfect, it comes with a real nice case, 2 batteries, earphones, charger, instructions and even has a screen protector already installed. I put a micro sd card in and that's where I install all my apps to as there's not much space on the phone itself. Not a problem to me. The 5.5" screen is wonderful. I had a similar phone with a 5" screen all last year but gave it to my mom because she liked it so well, this is the phone I bought to replace that one and I like this one a LOT better. The one I got is very fast. It picked up immediately on wifi and Bluetooth and I'm very happy with it.The description does say it comes with Android 4.2 which is Jelly Bean, but mine has 4.04 which is Ice Cream Sandwich. I happen to like ICS better so that's a plus to me but may not be to some who prefer Jelly Bean because it's newer.This is a very nice phone. A capacitive stylus (the rubber tipped ones) even works perfectly fine to handwrite in Note Anytime. I didn't expect this to be as good of a phone as it is and I am more than pleased.

AWESOME, This phone is fantastic, what a find.  I like everything about it,the large screen, the touchscreen response and the accessibility to all of the aps, music,video and the internet. I have had trouble in the past with numerous cell phones, but I think anyone would enjoy this one. I was able to find a case to fit on my belt loop for security and it works well with my bluetooth.  T mobile is my provider and they do not have an insurance plan, so I will have to purchase one through another company. Other than that, this was a great buy for me. The only problem is that the user guide is very small and the company recommendation is that you go on line and use a 4G Android user guide.  I received it right on time as promised and was up and running in no time.

so I just got this phone today and I'm already returning it. Everything was with the phone and the phone physically wasn't broke. So I started up the phone and put in my straight talk sim card. The phone is a T-moible phone. Once i put in the sim it stated that the phone was T-moible. So I was on the phone with Straight Talk for an hr and the lady said that the phone is a T-moible phone not an unlocked phone. Well it stated that the phone was unlocked so I was under the assumption that I would still get the same service in my area but the woman advised me that I wouldn't,I'd need an att compatible phone. I took the phone in to have it looked at and sure enough she was right. The phone could make calls and text but no browser. The worker informed me that because its a t-moible phone that straight talk is having issues with the 3g with t-moible. So the only way I would be able to get internet on the phone would be if I was connected to wifi. Even after changing the APN settings to straight talk still no internet. The worker informed me that because this phone is from another country that is another issue why its having issues not accessing the browser. I live in Michigan and when the phone said could be used with straight talk they were half right. So as of right now I am returning the phone. The phone looked really nice and I kind of disappointed that the browser or 3g didn't work with Straight talk. I bought a phone for my friend and did use a straight talk sim and had no issue so the phone is the problem.

Bought this phone in April of this year and I can not wait to get rid of it. GPS is horrible, the lag time had me missing my exits on freeways. I can only access my voicemail by turning it on speaker phone so the face doesn't black out and yes I recalibrate the sensors frequently. I'm using a gsm network and this is my second phone on this network and this phone has very poor reception. This phone just doesn't get service where it should. The WiFi is iffy at best, it doesn't tell you if it receives a signal and it will log you out if you're not constantly doing something with it. The only thing I like about this phone is the operating system it runs very well. Save your money there are way better phones out there.

I purchased the first one and within 2 days my front camera quit, received message that &#34;Could Not Connect to Camera&#34;! I contacted seller, returned phone and 8 days later received my new one..works great! Perfect for tech savvy people and teenagers who are tough on phones!

This phone is ideal in every way!  It's easy to use, it has everything I need or want in a phone and the camara is great!  I have nothing bad to say about this phone and would recommend it to people, lol in fact I do.  Thank you for making such a great phone at a price people like me can afford.

The description of the phone is everything it said it was. Nothing negative to say. Meets all my expectations and more.

My phone arrived ahead of schedule.  The phone itself works fine and I have no complaints after a week of use. I have inserted a Net10 unlimited everything SIM card and it works actually better than advertised. I say this because the phone states that it works at 3G speed, but I often get an "H" symbol at the network strength indicator on the phone which is the 4G symbol. This is my first Android phone, and so far I am very pleased with the results.  The screen size, app availability, and "cool factor" are far superior to my Blackberry Bold.  The only negatives I have found so far are the camera is not very good; especially in low light (even with the flash), and I cannot get through a day of average use without charging the battery.  The negatives are far outweighed by the positives however, and when you take into consideration the low cost compared to the Samsung Galaxy Note, and the fact that I get Unlimited Talk, Text, and Web over the AT&T network via Net10 it is a great deal.

buy this phone and sent me another model that did not want to put me talk to an officer, seller and not solved my problem I was told was a herror system, and live in another country and could not help me this if it was distasteful to me, I lost my money with this purchase

Has a good signal and speedy response, got it for a younger family member. The phone came with a screen protector on it which is nice it didn't come with the case but the seller sent two once notified. So I'm happy with the purchase it has 4GB or internal memory and works great for all the games played on it, web browsing gameboy emulators and all work just great. They loved the gift and are currently using it with tmobile service.The only thing I didn't like about it was the lack of wifi calling with the phone but that's negligible. Overall nice responsive phone we love it.

Okay here goes if your sitting in the same parking lot as the att tower boy is this thing fast..... other than that gl mine connects and disconnects with full bars says no network when I know there is . Depend on moods when it wants to connect. I am replacing the front glass and selling it to the first one that wants it cheap. If you are clumsy or have ever dropped your phonekeep moving cantcan't find a case to protect it is how it got broke

This is an awesome phone for such a  remarkable price.  It has all the bells and whistles of the 600.00 phones and performs excellent.  The seller is great and I will recommend him to all my friends.  Lookin for a protective screen that is 5 inch.

To make a long story short: The service rendered by the company that sent me this phone was impeccable. And the phone is beautiful however I did not do enough research before my purchase. I bought this in the U.S. and sent it to my fiance in St. Lucia with the intentions of being able to have free video calls but this phone will NOT do that.

This phone is good overall. I just had some concern when is connected to 3g network. There has been once or twice when I had to restart the phone because I could not receive a phone call. I will continue use until I find other things. I like the 5 inch screen. I had to edit the network and not create a new one in order to have the internet working. After that it worked with straight talk.

After just a few months of working perfectly..I can no longer hear anything when I receive calls.. the person on the other line can hear me but I can't hear them.  Unfortunately, at this point I can't return it.  I believe amazon is ultimately at fault for allowing this piece of junk to be sold.  I love amazon but after losing money on this phone.. I have serious doubts!Other cons..It's difficult to locate a case (i couldn't find one and I searched everywhere) that will fit.  I was unable to update this phone either so I was stuck using an outdated version of android.The phone feels unbelievably CHEAP.. but that's expected for the price.

Good phone except, it scratches easy. If your looking for a phone that will look new for a while count this one out. It scratches east and I'm OCD about how I take care of my electronics. Just putting a cover and removing it brings scratches other than that, its pretty good.

I guess in general you get what you pay for.  This is a pretty nice phone but...it has some memory limitations that make running most normal applications either difficult or sometimes impossible.  Additionally, I could never get the phone to pair with any blue tooth device and I tried several.other than that...it works pretty good.  WIFI has good connections easily.Note that the processor is a bit slow as well.But again...$100 smart phone so it works pretty good for the amount paid.

This phone is very good fit for my needs but I have little time with me seems to consistently excellent moments in pictures coverage works well and is a very good price compete with more expensive equipment

It is trash. Do not buy this fake phone! PRETTY OUTSIDE AND OLD USELESS PARTS ON THE INSIDE.You will not be able to activate it. I was very disappointed. THIS IS A SCAM!!!

Item arrived in 3 days. It arrived as described. I use it on Simple mobile and I am able to surf the internet. I had some issues to setup the APN settings because the provider was hesitant to configure it. If you need to use the phone on Simple mobile, use the settings for Android 1.6 and higher you will be able to manually set up the APN. I love the phone large screen. I have not used the camera yet.

the speaker is broke the volume is not working great  cant find the speaker any where to replace so basically is my lost for buying it

I receive my package after 3 months due to the delivery company in my country, Venezuela, what is my surprise? I get a http://www.amazon.com/Generic-Unlocked-Smartphone-Android-Hotspot/dp/B00IVC35SS/ref=sr_1_1?s=wireless&ie=UTF8&qid=1398388790&sr=1-1&keywords=Hot+Sale+Generic+5.2 not supposed to buy that, I feel cheated, I bought two phones for $ 149 and receive $ 100 2 cell have stolen almost $ 100 now for the distance of countries can not repay recommend not buy this scam.

Its a really good phone...here's the deal before you deal with T-Mobile 2g service (and that's all you'll get) log on to eBay and buy the Straight Talk ATT sim card (Standard size). I payed about 32 dollars for mine in a bid war. After you receive it log on to straight talk and your good to go. Click the bring your own phone option and you can port any number over. It took me about 10 total min to set my phone up from start to number port to end. I tried the Walmart T-Mobile family plan and I took it back to get my money back. It was that bad. With the ATT sim my phone is 4g all day long . 2 things about the phone that fall a little short. The camera isn't good indoors and the speaker isn't the best when playing music. Other than that its  great phone for the price . :)

I just got my phone today .....it surprised me cause U ordered it Friday morning and Monday it was in my mailbox ......that's two days......not so bad allso the phone came just like they described it had two battery"s and charger cables plus headphones.....this phone has a huge screen .....way bigger then the galaxy s3 ....and when I powered it on it has so many great features ...I ordered two phones and will be using t mobile I was told that my internet would be 2g but I will come. Back with a second review and let yall no how that works out even if its 2g I am fine with it ....it has wifi so anywere you go that has wifi you can use it other then that I love my phone....thanks

This phone is good quality and exactly what I expected.  Although it has been difficult to find a nice case for it.  The phone overall is a keeper.

THIS PHONE HAS A LOT OF PROBLEMS! PLEASE DONT INVEST IN THIS! BATTERY LIFE IS TERRIBLE, UNABLE TO ADAPT TO NET 10 SERVICE. VOLUME IS EXTREMELY LOW, CAMERA DOES NOT HAVE FLASH. IT DROPS CALLS. TRUST ME YOU DO NOT WANT TO WASTE MONEY. I'M SORRY. PHONE DID NOT FUNCTION AS EXPECTED. HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED!

If you have straight talk, this phone is smokin!!!  The phone says 3g but i connect at 4g speeds. No its not luck, i went and bought an AT&T sim card from walmart. not online. get the AT&T 4g lte card. The only thing i dont like about the phone is figuring out how to turn off the china keyboard. it takes a while to charge fully, but seems to last a long time. I love the screen size. it looks and feels like the note. The speed on this phone make my HTC look analog. Oh, the other bad thing i have seen is the back button is ify sometimes. I would recommend this phone.

wifi sucks @$$ you walk away from router it stops working and its not the modem but other than that great

It didn't even come with the battery, nor can I find a case/holster for the phone. The color was different from the description. I am returning this phone and I'm going to get a more popular phone.

The item is good looking. Since I wear glasses, the screen is great.  My only complaint is the User Manuel is inadequate for helping use the functions of the phone. No instructions for using the WiFi tether or the sound settings. It would help to have a manual that is less general and more functional.  Would be nice to make a call and not use speakers to hear the person being called or the person calling.

It works great didnt think it would but it did. It took my sim card with no problem. Thank you

Got this phone in the mail today via FEDEX.  The total delivery took about 3 weeks.  The Amazon website said to expect shipment between Jan 10 and 28.  Not sure if living in Hawaii makes a difference.Currently using this phone on Tmobile which works.  Last "look alike" phone I purchased (not from this seller) looked very fragile and after 3 days the face cracked.  Hey...I got what I paid for.  This phone however "feels" sturdier and seems more solid.  We'll see.....BTW If anyone can help me find a hard case that fits, much appreciated.  The off size of the phone say .25" off length wise, makes the Note 1 and 2 cases not fit well. The case that comes in the box will have to do for now (very flimsy).2 batteries is nice @ 2500mAh each.  Should last the whole day =).  3' USB cable, non US charger, US charger adapter, ear phones and a SIM card was also included in the order.  WIFI works well enabling access to the AP store.The back camera seems good but the face camera is terrible.  Not much of a Skyper anyway.For $165 I'll be happy if it lasts a month, ecstatic if goes more then that. Kids love it and the wife wants one too.  Will post a follow up review as we move forward.  Happy holidays.2/10/1013Phone works just as good as the day I received it.  Off size makes it hard to find a case however.  I'm not going to give this the "buy now" rating just yet but so far so good.7/11/2013 (3 phones bought)Phone 1:  Screen cracked.  Still able to function.  Screen cracked!Phone 2:  Button at the bottom doesn't work.  (teenager phone with a billion texting+)Phone 3:  Still works.  Given to teenagerRating reduced to 3 starsStill with an awesome plan from Tmobile ($104/ month for 4 phones), I'll look for another unlocked phone.  Considering the Samsung S3.  Aloha.

So far so good.  I have been using this phone for a few weeks and is satisfied.  It provides me with the features that i want, making calls, send and receive emails and other basic functions.  I am now trying to synchronise data bases between my phone and my desktop. A good buy.

So far so good with the phone, everything is working. I am on the straight talk plan and I have no issues other than the phone sometimes tends to be a little slow.  But no complaints for the price.  The color is great surfing the web is great.  The shipping was much faster than the expected date. All and all great seller and very good phone. I am looking for a hard case for the phone, if anyone has any suggestions I would love to hear them.

I order this phone and I receive totally different one old software which even cant be updated :) ... Android is not even working properly... This order was bed idea.

Arrived quickly, was not the color originally ordered.  If you don't really care about your preference, this isn't a big deal.  Works great with my network service.  You do not need any other gadget to help keep[ your life organized.  You have your address book, with all info you would need to have, video calling, if the other person has video calling, television, movies, .........Oh and your phone.  Price is reasonable and shipping was free.

It sucks. Phone lags, Calling quality is poor, calibration is wwaayyyy off, touchscreen doesnt work half the time, and internet works better on my Android ZTE Merit (which i went back to... and recommend more than this POS), also pic quality sucks and none of my sim cards worked.... so i couldnt download apps except solitaire. So yeah it isnt even worth $20.

Purchased this phone on Amazon from "Super Savings Store" out of China. Seller was fantasic. The phone was in China for two days and actually took longer in the U.S. (three days). The seller said I would have the phone in 5 business days, and I did thru DHL Express.I bought the phone because of the dual sim cards and Ice Cream Sandwhich operating system. The only thing faster right now is Jelly Bean. The phone works very fast on the internet with straight talk (making like it is AT&T;) when u call in. The display looks great for a $200 phone, and everything works well. I actually bought the phone before my trip to Panama (the country) and gave it to my friend. She put in her sim card from MovieStar and went into their office and the rep put some numbers in the phone and now she is using Internet effortlessly and downloaded some games off google play store. The games work well and easy. She can even watch TV shows because they still broadcast analog TV in Panama. I used it for the entire three weeks  in Panama and was very happy with the overall quality and construction of the phone and all of its features and compatiability with applications and use. The camera on the phone shoots pictures on the dark side, and the flash doesn't really function well. The man I talked to at "The Super Savings Store" really impressed me(I wish I could remember his name (it's short). He actually kept his word about things we discussed with my order and although I noticed his store is not very big with a big selection, he was a pleasure to buy from. The extra battery is great. I also bought her a 5000 amphr battery but would recommend a 10,000 amphr battery since she only got about 1.5 charges out of the smaller battery and it took forever to recharge and my newtrent 10,000 works like a champ keeping my large battery cells fully charged and charges quicker. I hope this review was helpful, Chris.

this is a really nice product compared to the Galaxy Note phone. it has a lot of the same features and there are even some cases for the galaxy note that will fit almost perfectly on this phone.

It is just two days since I start using this phone. According to advertising and written  at the back of the phone, the device runs android 4.0.3 but actually this phone run android 4.0.4 which is the latest OS. Everything works as advertized. The phone screen is clear and bright. Battery is good. Camera is good outside. Front camera is below average compare to Samsung Galaxy s II especially in the house.  Phone speed is very good and also it is very good responsive screen. I will recommend this phone for who need big screen.I will update after a while.

I only got this for a backup phone and I really did not like it could not get on the internet most of the timefor someone who need a brand new phone I would only recommend this as a quick backup

I bought the n8000 and they sent me a svp phone.  They said the numbers on the ordering was wrong.  The phone they sent was terrible.  It would constantly Freeze up and the volume was terrible.  I would not recomend for anyone to buy this phone.

She liked the big screen but had a lot of issues with it and ended up getting rid of it and getting something else.

I've had this phone for a good 3 weeks or so now and I do like it. I have problems when switching from Wifi and Data Connection, I have to restart the phone and then it works correctly. same thing for Skype, Skype never works right which is annoying because I would like to use it without having to restart and power off my phone. however it usually works when I do that.I use straight talk and I get alright service,sometimes it is very slow even when showing H but that is probably not the phone, Wifi is great. sometimes connecting to the internet says access forbidden and I have to restart the phone again,and it usually works after that.I like the panorama camera viewphone came with 4.1.1 installed. either way,with all the little bugs, Ive never had a smart phone and I do enjoy this phone very much. tried to buy a case but didn't fit. if anyone knows some that fit plz leave a comment.UPDATE:phone went crazy, started calling all my contacts,opening all apps. totally unuseable.  same thing happened to my roommates phone. after researching this happens alot with androids. now I have to wait for months for a fix. *warning*

I ordered this phone several months ago and it arrived as stated 2-3 weeks.  After receiving the phone it worked for a few days and then lost all its settings.  I reset it and it did the same thing.  I contacted the seller and they were very helpful in seeing what was wrong but still did not fix the problem.  I decieded to return the item and they authorized return and have just now received the refund.  The problem with this situation is they are in China and when I returned the unit I sent it back via US mail receipt requested and it cost near $30 and several weeks to get the return completed.  The phone has all the features anyone would want but be aware that if you need to return it, it will cost you some money and several weeks of time.  The customer service there was great and they responded immediately to all my questions.  So it is worth going for to save several hundred dollars on a similiar item. Hope this helps in your decision making process.

After I have owned this phone for nearly a month I am ready to give it my &#34;everyday use&#34; review. This phone is well worth the price, hands down. It stands up to all that is said about the product for the money. One of the best features is the built in hot spot feature which I use quite a bit. I will not say which sim card I use they read this stuff also. The phone is lighting fast when G3 , G4 or WiFi is availiable. This phone is the equivalent of the galaxy note without the cost and nearly all the features. Some complain about the camera but it will do for the average person and video recording, also will read a 16GB SD card, hols two sim cards for what ever reason. The only case that I could find that would fit this phone was for the i9290 GT-7000 phone.

I HAD TO TRY IT OUT BEFORE  FOR MYSELF AND I LIKE IT.I GAVE IT A 4 BECAUSE OF LOW VOLUME AND POOR CAMERA AND VIDEO CAPTURE.COULD NOT TEST THE TV FEATURE BECAUSE IT IS ANALOG.I WAS ABLE TO GET SKYPE ON IT AFTER PLAYING WITH IT FOR A WHILE.IT WAS A GIFT FOR USE IN AFRICA. REPORT IT WORKS GOOD. PROBLEMS ALREADY MENTIONED STILL PERSIST.ANOTHER PROBLEM IS WITH THE TV.PICTURE IS GOOD AND IT'S ABLE TO CAPTURE ALL TV STATIONS AND CHANELS BUT NO SOUND.I'M TOLD BOTH 3G AND WIFI WORKS GREAT.SHORT OF DURABILITY (WHICH I CANNOT ASSESS AT THIS TIME BECAUSE IT'S NOT LONG AGO ENOUGH SINCE I PURCHASED PRODUCT) I'LL RECOMMEND IT CONSIDERING THE PRICE.BUT THERE'S ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT

It is an Excellent Unlocked Cell Phone works so good and I will recommend it and used any part of the globe.

This phone memory is in a mess can't download anything cause it have no memory on phone to download and it'd not what I expected won't recommend it to anyone

When you finally get this phone (2 to 3 weeks delivery) I hope it works perfectly. If you want to return it for repair or exchange, save yourself some time and aggravation and just get a refund. That's if the person that responds can read and write in English. Good Luck!!

Junk junk junk .....can't believe I wasted money on this piece of junk....don't buy.....only because I can't eliminate the star but it needs none.

I ordered this phone for a right price. When I received phone.  Totally different model. It said SVP on the back. Also when I tried to returned it, I couldn't. I writing this review the best i can, but this product SUCKS

I received my phone and noticed it was a nice quality device. I was extremely pleased that in included two batteries and a car charger included in the box. I bought an AT&T; goPhone SIM card and had a little trouble making calls or getting connected, but this was caused by building interference. Once I used the phone outside and in my car, the phone was crystal clear and effective.My only concern was the Internet Radio, and TV features doesn't work *AT ALL*.. It seems to be  just a gimmick feature.Overall, the phone is great. Android 4 is superb, and the screen & speed is amazing. I highly recommed this phone.

It arrived in good condition but was a little slow getting here. Once received found had to purchase a $40 sims card because my other wouldn't work on this phone. Had to spend more money than I realized.

Pros:- Android 4.0.4- Good screen with a good display.- Haven't installed a lot of things, but currently operation is smooth and lag free.- Dual sim works great. I have my India and US sim on this, and both work good. I haven't seen any signal drop issues so far.- GPS locks fast. No problems with navigation so far.- Given 4 stars as I think its value for money.Cons:- Bluetooth reception is BAD !! I cant even keep my phone in my pant pockets. (I know my headset is good as it gives good range with my other cell phone and my laptop)- Only 2G on T mobile (This is as mentioned. I could not get it to connect to 3G on T mobile. Good Wifi though.- No Magnetometer, so no Compass.- Charging time is too high. Almost 7 hrs for 100% charge.- Useless analog antenna.- No official FW development, so maybe no FW upgrades.- Mediocre camera. Doesn't feel like 5MP.- Camera auto-focus doesn't work. It actually makes the image out of focus. Need to check with other camera apps available at Google Play.Others:- This came with 2 batteries. Only one is getting charged fully. Other never charges beyond 30%- Stylus is good but need to carry it separately. It will be good to replace the analog TV antenna with stylus as in the Samsung Note.

Ok so let me start by saying the seller (Electronics Mart) was very helpful with sending the instructions for this phone. Now for the review... I really love this phone but did have some trouble in the beginning with setting up straight talk with att sim but after some adjustments got it going. I am writing this review right now with the phone. I have some crappy reception at times but it's not the phone it's att. I had a straight talk galaxy proclaim and this phone puts that one to shame. The screen is very vibrant and bright and I like that and the screen size is not shabby at all. I still have a little bit of problems sending rrgular text but again that's an att thing. Overall I really love this phone;) The othe reviews about the cameras, front and back are ok not great but they work. Still really happy with this phone!

This phone is perfect for the price. The battery life last the whole and im up at 5am and dont hve to charge it till i go to bed at 10pm. its fast and reliable. its hard to find cases for this phone but I did find one case I just had to modify the hard piece that came with the case instead i used the hard cover that came with the phone and it worked perfectly. The case is the LE BLACK High Quality Leather Case for Samsung Galaxy Note i9220 GT-N7000 Book Type.

Gps not working, ringtones sometimes go to silent, always reject apps because space is low,  and more things are not easy to use.

The description of the phone did not line up with the quality of the phone. It was a waste of my money. The phone was not worth the price it was sold for due to the fact the it was so outdated that I needed to be on wifi just to access the internet and even then it still moved slow. Other features of the phone was horrible as well. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!!!

I was very impressed with the quality of the phone when it arrived, which was in only three days without upgrading the shipping. As it turns out this is actually the international version of the samsung galaxy note, just without the name branded. All cases and screen covers for note ( international version) fit this phone perfectly. So, how is the phone? Iys amazing it has great memory, speed, nothing to complain about. I have read many reveiws the say the camera is no good however it seems to be perfectly fine. The battery last all day even with heavy gaming the large screen is perfect for web browsing and video calls. I use this phone with a straight talk sim card and everything seems to be good 3G works good there's no 4G where I live so I can't comment on that. Setting up the new APN took about 30 seconds using the instructions provided by straight talk. I would deffinatly recommend this to others, and have.UPDATE:I have had the phone for almost a month now and am still very happy with it, when i entered an area where att had 4g service the phone was lightning fast i compared it side by side with my friends sprint iphone and it was a little bit faster. I still say the phone is good quality nothing has fallen apart or stopped working and the camera is still taking good pictures.IMPORTANT UPDATE: 6/27/2013so a sad story my phone was destroyed, i know terrible, anyways a decided to purchase the same phone again because its really that awesome. so this is my new review of the new one, and i know i ordered the exact same phone because i ordered it from the link on this review. with that said the new phone which has just arrived actually has android 4.1.1 which is honestly a bigger deal than it sounds as many flash oriented apps tend to stop supporting older versions of android and the update requires a firmware install. Otherwise the phone seems to be exactly the same, GOOD! I do have one gripe which is a little out of place but it took 11 days from the day it shipped for me to get the phone, now with that said i got it in half of the predicted shipping time so they did a pretty good job, but last time i got my phone in 3 days so i felt a bit like a spoiled rich kid who suddenly found himself living in the projects. perhaps i was just too spoiled by the awesome fast delivery last time.Now i did run into a serious issue when trying to get the data to work on the phone this time. i finally got it going and i realized why i struggled. The directions on the straight talk web site are different and no longer work, now this could be because i have an older sim card but i finally found a "how to" from the same time frame as when i got my sim card, which was about a year ago anyways if you find yourself in the same situation this is what worked for me: being sure to create a new APN and not reuse the pre-loaded one.Name: Straight TalkAPN: att.mvnoProxy: proxy.mvno.tracfone.comPort: 80Username/Password: none (change these to blank)Server: Not setMMSC: [...]MMS Proxy: 66.209.11.33MMS Port: 80MCC: 310 (did not change from default)MNC: 410 (did not change from default)Authentication type: Not set (did not change from default)APN type: default,supl,mms (did not change from default)Bearer: Unspecified (did not change from default)Note: this phone doesnt seem to be letting me delete the old APN but as long as it continues to mind its own business i dont think that we will have any problems. also if the field is not mentioned above then that just means i left it untouched.hope this helps.

I loved the phone because it was stingy on battery consumption. With its large 5 " inch screen it was the closest thing to using a tablet. It worked well for 4 months. Then it kept booting and booting. I claimed for warranty. I was told by the seller  that I have to return the phone back to Hongkong at my expense. Be wary of electronic devices that are not from the USA. I will just eat the loss since Amazon can only arbitrate. Paypal maybe my only recourse to help me recover part of my loss.As of the latest, I am stuck with a brick that keeps booting and booting. My last recourse is to see if I can take it to a professional cellphone repairer.

I agonized over buying this phone, not knowing about a non-name brand product.  When it arrived, I was impressed by its apparent quality.  Good heft and construction.  Took me a little while to figure out how to configure it for my service provider, but once that was done it was great fun to start using.  It came with Android 4.1 and seemed to work very smoothly.  Bright screen, responsive, good installed apps, and as others have said adequate cameras and voice quality.  Two batteries!  Accessories, too.  Almost all the things the higher priced phones have (and some things they don't) at a fraction of the cost!  Alas, it was not to be.  About a week in, the troubles started.  It began with the camera rapid firing for no apparent reason.  Then I noticed the power button would not 'snooze' the phone, nor turn it off.  Screens were appearing randomly.  Okay, I'll take the battery out and let it reboot.  This worked the first time, but not for long.  When the series of events began again, I knew the party was over.  Fortunately, David Chen at lolbuy was always responsive to my emails, if not always completely understandable.  I decided to opt for a refund rather than a replacement being a little gun shy now.  The transactions went smoothly so I have no complaints in that matter.  Frankly, I really liked the phone and wish it would have worked.  I ended up buying a name brand phone that cost a little more than twice as much but without some of my favorite features like dual sim, expandable memory, and a perfectly sized screen.  From what I've read it's something of a crapshoot whether you get a perfect one or not.  May you have better luck than I.

Phone arrived on time. I had an issue with the in call volume as the regular speaker at max wasn't loud enough for me. I contacted the sellers and they were very prompt and courteous and advised me what to do to adjust to my comfortable level.  As others have said, the camera is poor at nights and I find that the zooming is too much.  You have to hold the phone at a good distance or the pic seem to be zoomed in a lot. Battery life isn't good for someone who uses the phone constantly.  It keeps showing phone storage has space but I'm having issues when I want to save anything, it tells me insufficient memory.  I will speak to the sellers and see what they recommend. I do have in an SD card but should have the option if I want to save on the phone memory. Otherwise, I'm enjoying my phone.

This is a great phone. It is so big and easy to use. Everyone who sees it asks about it. Only problem is finding a case. It was delivered way sooner than quoted. A great phone for the price.

This is one of the best unlocked phone I had by far.. thanks a lot, works and looks good as well. By the keyboard needs alittle getting use to

PHONE WORKED WELL FOR TWO MTHS.THEN STOPPED WORKING PERMENANTLY

i received my new PaE800Android pone and I love it best choice of phone i have ever made.I love the features it has and it has a great picture when using the camera and i love the 5 inch screen it is so easy to use facebook and intagram and wonderful when reading my emails . I tried to reach the seller about a issue i have with the phone but he never respond I have tried three time.

we have tried 3 sim cards and tried everything, we have tried calling net10 smart talk and still can not get it to work has no service

(Y)  I love it very good  Ok so let me start by saying the seller (Electronics Mart) was very helpful with sending the instructions for this phone. Now for the review... I really love this phone but did have some trouble in the beginning with setting up straight talk with att sim but after some adjustments got it going. I am writing this review right now with the phone. I have some crappy reception at times but it's not the phone it's att. I had a straight talk galaxy proclaim and this phone puts that one to shame. The screen is very vibrant and bright and I like that and the screen size is not shabby at all. I still have a little bit of problems sending rrgular text but again that's an att thing. Overall I really love this phone;) The othe reviews about the cameras, front and back are ok not great but they work. Still really happy with this phone!

PHONE WAS SHIPPED FROM OUTSIDE U.S. DID NOT COME WITH MANUAL. THERE IS NO SPACE BETWEEN KEY BOARD AND WORDS TYPED. UNABLE TO MAKE ANY CORRECTION. CAMERA DOES NOT TAKE GOOD PICTURES ESPECAIALLY INDOORS.

I rate this phone low for two reasons. First: Despite being able to get 3G if you change the APN settings, the 3G works better on the APN settings for tracfone and least reliably on the APN settings for ATT, which is the default setting for Straighttalk. If you use the settings for Straighttalk's ATT, you get patchy wifi at best and no MMS. If you use the settings for Straighttalk's tracfone, you get more reliable wifi but still no MMS (Multimedia messages). If I have an incoming notification for an email, it boots out any outgoing text messages that I have, and I have to start over. The save is true for phone calls. Second: The sound quality on the phone is poor; it is scratchy with frequent dropped calls.

really this phone was the envy of my colleagues in the office. they thought it was samsung n3 and could not believe the price. i have not had any issue with the phone since i purchased it and its the best phone i have purchased on amazon

for repairs. There is no information on how to repair this phone no warranty information.  Please direct me to someone

Phone don't work properly lots of dropped calls, cannot hear the callers voice, very bad quality..do not buy this!!!no good

Battery life such holds charge for 2hours at mostApps don't open all the timeFront camera sucks back one Is OK

Phone works well, but the battery takes a long time to charge. It also doesn't send picture messages. Overall, I do like it though!

I got this phone since I wanted to try a smart phone. It came with two batteries, earphone, and the charger. I installed a 32 GB sd card and the phone accepted it instantly. It comes with a protector for the back so that is a plus. I haven't had any problems with it so far since purchasing it a couple months ago.

Excellent item,G-Sensor, smoothness, dual sim, etc. The data goes beyond 3G to HSPA+ which is known to be the first generation of 4G in US for GSM carriers.The only reason I do not rate it 5 starts is that is missing Compass and GPS. It uses A-GPS but it is not working properly with my provider.

I am a fragile person so I usually don't do bells & whistles, but this is a great useful phone that is a great asset to doing ministry, business, and a doctorate program.  I may leave my MacBook at home.

Good:  Good phone reception, lots of features, low price, up to date and can show it off proudly.  Worked right out of the box.  Just slip in SIM and go. They give you two batteries but taking the back off to change/charge batteries is a pain and the back is flimsy so I am afraid it will break if removed too often.Bad:  Wireless reception is weak (compared to friends Iphone and laptop) but WiFi does work.  No spelling dictionary(appears to use phone book for spelling dictionary .  Can add words but if you are a poor speller that is not a good option).  Battery does not last (I use the phone about 15 to 16 hours a day and have to recharge overnight and in the evening).  Can't find the right case.Overall I am happy with it.  As big as I could get and still fit in my pocket.  I like it better then the Iphone that I used to have.  It would have cost three times as much to get an equivalent phone without the downsides listed.  Rather have this one.

I bought this dual sim through Amazon from Electronics Mart.  It performs as specified, however, the joys of a two sim Android are great.  If you travel you can have home and work sims, or if you are interested in PAYG plans you can save a fortune over contract phones. I recommend T-Mobile's $2 a day or, if you are imaginative you can do better by using two different plans in the two sims. There are weaknesses to the phone: 1) the camera isn't as wonderful as it might be, and 2)the instruction book is not very useful.  When in doubt buy the Android Phones for Dummies.  Some of the illustrations will not be identical to the phone, however, they will get you near enough to work it out. I strongly recommend Electronics Mart. I asked them questions before purchase and ordered a couple of things not on their web site.  The phone was delivered in about 4 days and other transactions went as fast. James Yang was a great help. I admit I own another of the same make bought from China.

I got this and was definitely surprised by the quality. Its very solid and feels just like a brand name phone. The MTK6575 processor is very solid and overall the phone had scored a 3656 on the Antutu Benchmark, it would have scored higher however the SD Card I had in scored low. The only negative I have for this phone is that I still have yet to be able to get the 3G working on the Straight Talk Sim network. The APN settings that Straight Talk gives you did not work with this phone.So overall, the phone itself is good quality, battery lasted all day with heavy use on WIFI. Screen comes pre-installed with a cover. Once I get the 3G working I will be very happy with this phone.UPDATE: Okay so I have had the phone now for 2 weeks and am now able to give you a good update.HOORAY!! I was able to get the 3G to work by playing with the APN settings more. Straight Talk says to create a new APN and delete the old one if possible. Well the original APN is not capable of being deleted so I believe that this is what was causing me to have issues before. I fixed this by just editing the original APN to the Straight Talk settings exactly as they say, except you need to change the APN Type to default,mms,supl. That will give you 3G :D OH! And don't forget to Enable your 3G in Mobile Network Settings!The phone is still running great, battery life is good, and its touch response is still great. I have found that the only downsides to this phone is that the external speaker isn't necessarily the best. It seems to be high in treble and crackly at high volumes. Also the Camera, while yes it has good resolution, has bad color. Any low light photos seem to be just black and white. Oh and the flash on it is reallllllly poor. The flashlight app puts off less light than a completely white screen. Besides that the RAM could be a bit higher, you usually have about 150-200MBs of free space after killing your apps.Positives-Great Value-Nice Screen-8 mp cam-Front facing cam-Solid feel (friends keep thinking its a Samsung)-Ice Cream Sandwich-Dual SIM-Quadband-and more!!!Negatives-External Speaker is a little crackly at high volume-Camera has poor color-Flash is ineffective-RAM may be 512mb but its usually at about 150-200 after killed appsOkay well thats about it, I still highly recommend this phone for its price. The positives out weigh the negatives by far!

This phone is slow and the picture quality is very bad for the front and back. Also you can't pictures or videos. The messages some times don't go through.

no mms ,have to stay on the charger if no it turns of...is big but not worth it... :p .

After Looking around for a better Cell phone for weeks This one might really be good. Okay this is only my third phone to own and so far I'm loving it, even though it's not a name brand thing. And some times name brand isn't always better. Even thought this does look like a name brand phone, this phone is less money to own (almost a 2/3's less depending on what you want).  I'll try to see if in a few weeks how it is, since I just got the phone today. Also it is a lot different from using a prepaid LG Prime phone(last phone). And for a phone that uses a 3g too, this works way better. As well as that I can still be a prepaid phone user and that's fantastic.So far the phone looks good and works find. After waiting 3 days, I got it using 3 to 5 business days. I was told that it wouldn't come in until Friday or monday at the latest, so I'm happy that I got it 2 days early. I did hear  certain people say they got their phones 2 weeks after ordering it, but I think it depends on location or how you want it shipped. Still you can get free shipping with 3-5 business days using amazon.It can be a little different than what you are use to in cell phones if you've never owned an Android or top of a line phone with special features and qualities. So it is best if you read the instructions (just Basic instructions on how to get your new cell going and tips on how to use it) on what to do if you are not update on cell phone workings like this. And I'm not as high tech as I think, since I'm very much lacking and pretty much used cells for basic things. I only could really use the Lg prime for making calls, send very limited Texts, taking pics, alarm clock, and Calendar.With this phone I can still do all of that, but much more without some worries. Like for instance I can use wi-fi without paying to use the internet where my old phone wouldn't allow it really and I would be charged for it. Of course you have to make sure one of the boxes in setting your new phone to work with the sim is not checked or the phone will automatically think to charge you on using the internet. So make sure to check your settings and that you are in wi-fi area to get away with using the internet for free.Another thing I like is that when you can use that free wi-fi, you can see if you can download free game apps to play games if you want. Using my old phone I was only allowed to play demo's of the games that were program on the phone and that sucked, especially when it only plays one level before quitting and offering you to pay to play the full version. So far now it's a big plus. Still I got a lot to look at with this, so don't put me to my word on it fully since I'm still learning.Battery life: I don't know at the moment, but hopefully it's not for one day from what I'm hearing about from most phones. Plus I'm hearing that it can be some of the functions (certain apps) that you use on your phone that causes the battery life to drain. So I'll try and update later to give an Idea on what should be wise to save battery life or how long I can get it to last.Camera: I like it a lot. I'm so use too just using one, but now I have two ways of using it. Front or back you can choose. However if your taking a picture of yourself holding the phone it won't be as good as taking pictures from the backside of the cell from what I can tell. I'm still getting use to the phone, so give me time to get use to it and see what I like about this feature on the phone.Sound: I can't really find anything bad about sound so far it's good. I still haven't figured out what the radio sounds like and I haven't had a chance to store some music on it yet to test it out. Volume could be a little higher to hear, but it's still loud enough to hear.The look of this phone: The phone is big for being a phone, but then again I've just upgraded from a small prepaid lg prime touch screen phone. And its little big holding in my hands and I'm female with average size. When I compare it to my sister's phone (which she has a Prepaid Myphone Touch from t-moble. Me, I'm with at&t.;)her's is slightly smaller. I still like it, even though it's bigger than I'm use too. Also when holding it, it feels solid and weighs a little more than I'm use too.Over all of the little while of owning and messing around on the phone, I found many things. From what I heard already and looked into myself I found that the phone is very good for a 3g. And if I compare how fast using some of the functions to my sis's 4g My touch phone, the fastness of this phone is equal and that surprising. There are many other functions I like that my old phone didn't have, like using wi-fi, getting free games, an extra camera on it,and many more.So for now this is all I have to say or can really say that I do like. Just give me a few weeks and maybe I can give more info than I can now. You never know until your given time to check things out and get use to it. Yet so far I'm liking this phone a lot...in a few weeks...that all depends on how the phone turns out after awhile.Update. Dec. 21, 2012Okay after having the Phone for about a month, I'm still in love with it. I've already had people commenting about it and asking where I got it. Even a couple people have asked me if it is an Galaxy Note and I told them no it wasn't. I have a younger Step Sister that is jealous of me that I own a cell, where our respectable parent's have told no to her on getting one. yet she would like one that is like mine. However she can't get one for 2 reason she doesn't have the money to afford one and two she is still a beginner Teenager where I'm in my late twenties.Besides that she isn't the only one that wants a phone like mine. My mother has been lately considering whether or not to by new cell phone with dual sim compartments on it to replace her two old razer Phones that she has had since 2006. I've told her that there are many opposition for future phones and that she should wait and see how I like mine before making any future plans on a phone or phones. Well after having it and using it for the last month she has seen that I really do like my phone, which has given her enough evidence that it must be a great phone.Now on to the more important things. After using it for a while I've picked up on things that I still like. Yet there is a couple things I don't like, but I can live with it.Battery:The Battery Life on it is okay, but could be better. In today's world I get it that most phones overly high tech in functions is going to have less battery life when not fully charged. If you are one of those people that are going to be on you phone 24/7 then expect to have a day's worth of battery life. However I have found it that I can last on averaged up to 3 day and that is only because I have very limited people I contact with on my phone. If not used too much I could make the battery life last for about 5 days (And that is only if no one has called you or you calling them or you haven't really used any of the apps on the phone but to check the time). Tip you can go into battery life in setting and it will give you a daily run by on what things you have use the battery life on in between charging it up.In addition you have to make sure to turn the brightness of the phone screen down when in use. I found that that can waste the battery life. Plus the brightness of the screen when active is still just as good when turned on the lowest setting. Also when using the wi-fi make sure to turn it off when not in use. That also waste the life of your battery when left on.Camera:The camera is okay too, but kind sucks when the room is dark. However if you brighten the room a little you can take some good pics. Down fall I haven't figured out how to use the flash on it. Also the zoom and focus on it at times could be a little better. However when your not dealing with that in and your in good lighting it's an alright camera. Of course I haven't really use it a whole lot, but Of the pics I've taken they are still good.Making calls and Text messages:Making calls on it works find and is great. I haven't had any problems with drop phone calls or anything and communicating with the other person on the line is clear to hear or talk to. However making text message can be a little tricky. I found that on my phone i have to type in the persons number to send the text. Every time I had trouble pressing the contact that I wanted ( Contact name &lt;number here in between these>) I would have some trouble sending messages that way. Either way it may have something to do with just my phone and not other phones like mine, I still don't mind as long as I have a way to text.Deleting the Call log or Messages or Removing Apps.Some people have been saying that they have trouble on deleting things from their phone and had to download certain app to remove the calls from the call log. I at first had a problem, but after messing around I found a way and it is quite simple. You have a choice of deleting one by one if you want or all together. All you have to do is press the phone button then it will bring up previous calls along with a dial pad. At the top you have your phone, next a clock symbol, and then a smiling person (that takes you in to into your contacts.). Press the Clock symbol in the middle and then it will show you ALL (for all the calls coming/going out/or miss calls) with the different arrows. This is your call log area. Then at the bottom of your phone is where  your menu is (looks like a half of a square with two lines in it). Once pressed on the screen 'Delete and Setting' pops up. Press delete and you can select which or all you want to get rid of from call log. When done with your selection just press the trash bin. From there it should be easy.Deleting messages is easy too. instead of pressing phone, press the green smile face commit box that stands for messages on the phone. In there you can then go to the menu and delete all messages from your phone. However you can if you want and you don't want to delete every messages but certain threads within the messages you can do that too.Removing certain apps that you download from your main screen is easy to do. all you have to do is press and hold the app until a box from up top comes down saying Remove. Move the app up to remove and done.Sound:Sound on this phone has no problems that I can find yet.New things I like:In using the phone's camera I like that you have several options on how you can take the picture and latter modify or edit the same picture.Text messaging I have add ways on how to send things in my text messages.When dealing with main screen on the phone I have five ways to modify how I want my desk top on it to look, when scrolling side to side. Or in this case where to put my apps. Like for instance in the center screen I can have my Calender (that allows me to see upcoming dates or events), Clock, Setting app, Camera app, and calculator app on. On another screen going side to side I can make it my game choice on it with the apps that I like to play. Then sliding side to the next screen I could have something different until all five screens on the desktop of the phone are fulled if I want.When using the voice command on the phone i get the contact I want or other things I want, which is pretty cool. I even used it once using the internet to get to facebook. With my last phone, the voice command on it sucked and I would get the wrong things every time.Using the phone is pretty easy when needing to get to certain areas on it, once you have gotten use to it.Using the web is easy too!! You can shrink or make the web bigger on your screen when reading context of things. Last phone I had gave me difficulty. As well as that it was harder to stay connected and pressing to another page took forever. Not this phone it stayed connected and the speed was fast.Other thing to know about your phone:Depending if your phone comes with a phone case. Your set pretty much and don't have to get another case for it. I will say this that the phone is slightly smaller than a Galaxy note so it will be hard to get a right fit for cases to cover the phone. However if you have case that comes with your phone when ordering your phone, I found it that if you get a Galaxy Note siclone casing for the phone and put it over the hard case that comes with your phone works well too. Basically your double casing your phone in a way. If that doesn't work for you, you can always look into getting a pouch that can hold your phone well.Another thing if your looking for screen protectors, the phone comes with one on it. However it's never wrong to get extra if you want, but a Galaxy Note screen protector's you will find come a little bit big for the phone and you may have to find a way to modify it, if you can. Other than that you could try seeing about going the store and seeing if they have screen protectors for different uses of phone/cameras/etc. that you can modify with some help.Hopefully I have given you a little more insight since my first review of the phone. Over all I still really like my phone and I'm glad that I have it. Even though there are some things I don't like some what, there are still a lot that I like that out weight the little down falls in it. Not every phone is going to be perfect and I know this. This is just my opinion on what I think. Plus when I went searching for a new phone I looked into the many different reviews for whether it would be worth the chance on a new phone and the quality each phone has, especially when searching online. I'm one of those people that prefers go to the nearest store and checking out what I want to buy it or not, instead of looking over the web.In the end I took a chance and I'm glad I did because I have gotten a great phone for a great price. I will update again in the future on how well the phone has done for me since I got it.

This smart phone has graphic problems and within 6 months has developed vertical and horizontal lines that makes the display almost impossible to see.

Five weeks after purchasing this phone it has become almost impossible for the USB charger to connect with the phone and never would charge from a car charger.  Contacted the seller and was told that the problem was in the phone.  The vendor has a 30 day return policy but phone was still under warranty.  Vendor stated that the phone would have to be shipped to China for repair and that it would take 4 to 6 weeks.AT&T; has been unable to set this phone up on a data plan as of this time.  They have not been able to find information on the phone and data is being charged at the rate of $2.00 per Meg. Background data charges to maintain the phone and apps is running 10 to 15 meg per month not counting regular data charges.Other than charging and data problems, the phone operated as claimed.

Received theAndroid 4.2 Dual SIM Mtk6582 Quad Core Mp4 Wifi GPS Cell Phone N8000 GSM 3g Free Tether Wifi GPS At&t; T-mobile No Contract Phone blackphone on the date listed although their shipping to a P.O Box number is inefficient. I did not know until after checkout that delivering the item to a p o box number it would be delayed a lot even though the site said it was in stock and delivering to a street address would be 2 days. The phone I received is a T-Mobile compatible phone and I had assumed it would be an AT&T; compatible phone since that is what I use at straight talk. In my area it would be better to have an ATT compatible phone. Consequently I have not used the phone due waiting on the correct sim card and activation. It would help if the customer were give a choice of which phone to purchase, either an ATT or T-Mobile compatible phone due to the region of residence. The choice can be given before checkout. When I activate the phone I will write another review.

can you put an AT&T sim card in it and it work off that number??? cause i want to put my at&t sim card from my last phone in it will that work?

I received the wrong phone although it looked exactly like the one i ordered it was not. so if you receive a phone that reads SVP S580 on the box then it is the wrong one, but to be fair they were very helpful in the return process.

This phone was amazing right out of the box, I loved this phone and had no issues with it for the first month or so. If I were to be writing this review a month ago, I would have given it 5 stars! I gave it 2 starts after 2 months + of usage because I have experienced troubles with messaging, the internet, the network freezing up (It isn't the network, because problem resolves itself with a quick reboot, until the next time), and the camera has completely stopped working. This phone is falling apart after only a few short months of use. I would not recommend this phone to anyone!

I love the device but it fails me cause when the battery is dead you cannot charge it for few minutes to be able to used it, also when accessing your voice mails you cannot have access to the screen to be able to delete or move to your next message and you cannot also turn it off, you leave it to itself until its tired of talking then it will turn off then the screen will come on or you have to take the battery out to turn it off that don't make any sense at all.

Had a hard time getting the settings right and ended up going to my tech guy to fix it. Once done worked great and vary compatible to the Galaxy Note. The problem I have had is finding a hard cover to fit it. Don't use the Otter boxes that the ad says can be used they don't work. Went through my second one to find this out. Being made in China all the function buttons are on the opposite side of the Galaxy Note which is recommended.

Has anyone had a problem with the phone?  I keep losing my network connections and it keeps restarting over and over.  Is there tech support in the US for the phone other than contacting the China engineers or distributor of the device?  I love the phone and am eligible for a replacement but need to know how to keep it running if more problems persist. Please email me with info regarding dStar I9220(n9000)5.0" Capacitive Android 4.0 Mtk6575 Dual SIM Smart Phone@ deonna714@yahoo.com

When got the phone I like what I see it had a 5inch nice color I use my t mobile sim and it work ok the on/ off button work but when I went to my setting wifi and Bluetooth didn't work at all and fm radio would come on and batter life last about 7-8hr but the phone sound is low.i send my back to the seller for return .

The service was great and because the phone wasn't what I expected the return was also easy and fast! Great!!

I don't like it because it's not the phone that i purchased. It only have 145mb and runs on android v2.3.5. I got the wrong phone.

This phone description is a complete lie.  I just ran a cpu/gpu/memory app on the phone.It only has the mtk6572(dual core) not the mtk6582(quad core)Dual 1.3 core processor not QUADOnly 512 MB RAM not 1 GB of RAMAdreno 330 single core gpu (video card)Shows up as Samsung U9000 so yes this is a rip off of the Note III but no where as powerfulNever the less this phone still seems fast but I am sending it back because of wrong specs.Buy it if you want but those are the real specs.  They need to change it.

I bought this phone for my daughter. It worked for like two days, after it just stopped. The service did not work at all. I was so disappointed a huge waste. The quality is so cheap, the resolution is not good at all. Take the extra step and buy the real model of this phone.

I have had this phone for about two weeks now and I have to say I am satisfied with the performance. There are a few things to consider when rating the overall utility and user-friendliness of the phone and I hope to address them here. I am a Straight Talk customer and contrary to customer service, this phone will work for the MMS picture mail settings. You simply have to enter the APN settings for Straight Talk twice, dedicating one of the settings to MMS as primary and the other as Default.Aside from that, I have seen where having a generic phone may have it's disadvantages. If you want to hook the phone to your computer to transfer files, you have to work around the fact that Microsoft cannot readily detect what driver to install for this phone. I honestly haven't played with it more to see if a standard driver or a Galaxy Note driver would work, though I suspect it would. However, that would be something more advanced, so novice users may find this to be a detractor from the overall utility of the phone. Apps work great, battery life is pretty good considering I use my phone for a lot of data activities and online games, I have to charge it at the end of the day...but that's to be expected.I have had this phone randomly reset on me twice now. I don't know why it did it, but I wasn't involved in a serious task at the moment so it was just an action I noted. Make sure you have a good micro SD card to add to the phone upon activating it as the phone memory is VERY LIMITED.This is not a phone for a novice. If you aren't willing to invest some time learning to use it and work around the generic aspect of it, you will not be happy with the phone. If you want a good product, don't care about paying for a brand name and are willing to take the time to learn how to work around the quirks, then by all means take the plunge.

I am visually impaired and this phone is perfect for me.  Large numbers and text are great in HD resolution.  I love the dark background and light color text on most screens.  It was very easy it set up and move around without reading instructions.  Clarity of the movies is great as well as the sound level through the earphones.  The voice-commend and voice-to-text option work well in silent space and if you articulate each word.Three levels of brightness are great so you can save battery with dimmed screen and have a good viability in bright light.On the downside this phone has very easy to scratch screen and you should by the screen protector with it.  I had HTC for 2 years without screen protector and not one scratch.  I would recommend and anti-reflective one to better see the screen outdoors. You will also need to buy an extra battery because the charge takes few hours.  The speaker phone option does not give you good amplification so it is best to use a bluetooth or bluetooth ready device.  The camera takes great picks unless there is fast action.  Overall I am very happy user of the NOTE.  Highly recommend this phone.and sorry but I did not try the face recognition safety lock option.

Can I use this phone with Verizon service.  Verizon works on CDMA not GSM, but I was told by Verizon that as long as I could provide the ESN number they could activate the phone.Can anyone help me out here?

My pae8000 took 14 days to get to me in Delaware. The phone was held up in customs in San  francisco for  5 days. The packaging was good , bubble wrap and a box. The plastic inside the phone and the back cover as well as the batteries don't feel like high grade plastic. But I'm not too worried because I orderd a case. I tried putting in my old net10 card and it didn't work. I had to order a new one wich I did from Amazon got here in 3 days. Prepaid customer service sucks but they got me up and running. You have to set the access point settings or apn settings. It is under wireless and network settings go to more, then mobile networks. Now most people who read reviews for this phone know that the camera is crap. That is true. Everything else is awesome. The Wi-Fi antenna is a little weak. But the GPS is awesome. The display is very clear and crisp. Net10 internet is 3.75 g and fast. I have a simple mobile card but didn't use because they only have slow 2g. By the way I am writing this review on the pae8000 using GOKeyboard. That's why my spelling is so good. Buy the phone you will be glad you did. I am. Oh and I got mine from lolbuy

Phone looked great and did well fir first couple of hours. Then the service dropped to the point of no signal in pkaces where other phones had full service. Also proximity sensor did not function leaving me unable to end calls when i was abke to place them

I used this phone for about 7 or 8 months, and it works ok.  I can make and receive calls at home and in the village where I live, and most of the places I go for work.  Internet works ok, but not great.  I don't get a great connection in many places but I'm able to use Facebook and look things up on Google or WikiPedia.  The antenna just seems very weak compared to other phones.  I realized this when a friend on the same service as me (Net10 using an AT&T-compatible SIM) was standing next to me with a strong phone signal while my phone had no service.  If I leave the room where my WiFi router is, my phone won't stay connected.  I'm keeping it as a backup, but I've replaced this phone with a BLU Studio 5.0 II.  For the money, the BLU is a much better phone in my opinion.

super light weight, super slow web, charger was cheap, battery only holds, a 3 hour charge, packaging was bad. DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!!! BUYER SKIP THIS ITEM!!!!!!!!!

To get accessories search for a "Star" N8000 Android Phone; it is exactally the same!I finally stumbled acress the info after two months.The phone is advertized having Android 4.0.3 ICS when it is actually 4.0.4 ICS. I got a straight talk sim card online from Walmart,(cannot get in store), and purchased $45.00 30 day unlimited everything when I activated the sim card and it took about 1 1/2 days for my Verizon account to cease. You do not have to contact you present carrier to switch companies and take your phone number. Its all don at your new carrier. Of course the phone will work with Verizon,, Sprint, AT&T;, etc.As for the large screen -- you get used to it quickly and it fits well into my shirt pocket.

The item was ok it was the store i went to that was wrong i do think this will be a good phone for the price.

This so called phone is not quad core it's dual. i ordered this phone and got an svp s580. returned it and that was a piecce of crap!!! don't recomed this to anyone .DON'T BUY THIS PHONE!!!!!!!

screen - not responsivecamera - poor qualityspeaker - worse qualityoh yea, and the screen - terribly unresponsiveof course you get what you pay for...

This phone works great.I use it on our straight talk program.It is almost like the samsung galaxy note.Good buy try one.

Shows 2 batteries only received one, and no ear peace.....?  Phone feels good looks good but waiting til Christmas to try it out.Will tell ya more later.

I received my phone the other day and it came with plenty of accessories. It is easy enough for even the technologically challenged to set up and does work with Straight Talk 3G (with the ATT sim).The phone has a nice profile and fits comfortably in hand. The screen is beautiful and the audio/voice is crystal clear. It was also cheap and within my budget.However, the battery life is absolutely atrocious. This phone will not last you 4 hours, let alone all day, even with most applications turned off and settings turned low. (For example, the phone went from 100% to 75% in one hour without being messed with). If you need a phone with decent battery life, you'd most likely be better served with another phone.Edited on 6/12/14:Phone will no longer charge.

its good phone

Well, the phone works great but I am a beginner and know NOTHING about smart phones."A new phone with instructions right? No problem, right? WRONG!"  A small book with little print.I bought "Android's for Dummies" and it had a different brand of Android. Not the same buttons at all.  I asked all my friends who have smart phones to help.  They replied: "I have an I-Phone, sorry, can't help you." The one friend who had an android had a different brand and mine looked foreign to her.If you know how to use an android, this is a great buy for you and I highly recommend it. If not, then you are not going to be happy.

Died completely after only 3 months of use.  Touch screen failed.  Manufacturer/Vendor will not support the one-year warranty.  They will tell you where to ship it to in China which will cost about $35.  The post office will provide verification of the time and date that it was delivered to the vendor in China.  But the vendor will claim they have never received it.  You can send them the proof of the post office record, but they will still claim that they never received the broken phone, so they cannot fix it.

Large Phone takes up whole hand to fit in, no instruction having fun learning how to use the phone. I use reviews from other phones like htc, galaxy and &#34;how to android,&#34; etc....using You Tube videos from others. I purchase i9220/N7000 hybrid case, clip and kickstand fits tight, I think it's international version hybrid case. At&t is my carrier data service works great can't ask for more for this price. Used youtube to find out how to start the data service through the phone settings....hope this helps someone......:) oh screen does scatches easily, will purchase a clear screen cover for i9ss0/n7000 hope it fits.

I purchase this phone in late December 2012 and I've been using it up to now.  I'm ready to give it a fair review at this point.NOTE:  I purchased a SIM card from "Straight Talk" ($15) and setup was simple using the instructions provided on the Straight Talk website.PROS:- The PRICE!- The MTK6575 Dual Core 1 GHz CPU boots the phone quickly, accesses and runs the Android 4.0.3 OS and apps smoothly.- The phone shows total on-board storage as 1.95 GB. I also have a 32 Gig SD card installed.  Plenty of storage space for me personally.- Front and back facing cameras.- WiFi setup was as simple as it can be and it receives the WiFi signal really well from anywhere in my home.- Bluetooth setup with my car was easy, and the connection is always quick.  When I call out or receive a call in my car I don't hear complaints about poor sound quality like I have with other B/T capable phones I had in the past (Samsung, Nokia, Sony Ericsson, etc...).- The 5" screen makes typing phone numbers, URLs and text messaging easier. Getting a 5" screen at this price is a good buy. Not to mention the display is quite clear and clean.- The phone comes with two batteries. I cut the WiFi off while I'm away from home and use the B/T in the car.  Normal 3G access is active all day long. the battery goes from 100% to 35-40% after eighteen hours of use.  Not bad.  I purchased 2 more batteries from AliExpress.com for about $15 for both in an attempt to maintain longevity of the batteries.CONS:- Cameras and Flash: The front facing camera is very low res (0.3 MP).  Poor quality, but works good enough for SKYPE. The back camera is only 5 MP, not very good quality pics and the flash isn't very affective.  But I already HAVE a real digital Camera and this is really a phone. Besides I paid $175.00 for an Android phone, and I wasn't expecting SLR quality photographs.  I'm just saying you know :).- It's IMPOSSIBLE to find a decent form fit protective case for this phone.  I've search for 3 months and came to the conclusion that it does not exist. I contacted the Amazon seller for this phone and was told that since this is a "No-Name Brand" (generic)phone, no protective cases has/will be made by companies like Belkin.  I was able to find a flip cover type case that offers little or no protection from falls, but it provides some screen protection.- The speaker phone volume is mediocre at best, but is somewhat usable.  You'll be better off using the provided headphones or a B/T earpiece.All-in-All:  I like the phone for what it does and especially the cost.  Coupled with Straight Talk Mobile Non-Contract with service that's truly unlimited, I getting way more bang for my buck than when I was with AT&T; or Verizon on one of their "$50" plans that really ended up as $80 a month for limited voice, text, and data.The product exceeded my expectations.

Very good phone. Nice apps. I like having a documents editing app, making the need of carrying a pc around unecessary!I was also very pleasedwith the vendor's customer service (Electronic Mart).

This is a good device seller was very accomaditing. Fast shipping 2 days. Very good wimfi connectionHaventmused the phone function yet debateingnweather or not to use it as a phone too many complicatingPlans to choose from will use it for my music and its smaller than my 7inch tablet PC fits in my pocket very easily

I got this phone for my spouse and he loves it....He is using it in Jamaica and all his friends have"phone envy".

This phone works very well and is excellent value.It is easy to use and setup. I am using straight talk with no problems.Dual sim will be handy for international travel.wifi hot spot worksI have downgraded this to 3 stars as after 1 month use the touch screenstopped working correctly.As its over 30 days I can not return it for replacement.Repair cost quoted is $70UpdateI did get it  repaired ; it took a while as it had to be shipped to China, but it is now working OK.

I got the wrong phone. I am only writing this on this page to warn people that they may receive a lower phone and not notice if you get all excited.  The phone they sent looks nice, but no way near the specs of the phone advertised here.  I will write back if they come through with the right phone or I just get a refund because it was a bait and switch.Update...So they write back offering me $5.00(hmmmm hamburger,gallon of gas, two cans of soup--tempting)to keep the POS they sent instead of the one ordered, but I turned it down to see what was behind door #3. Low and behold I got the brick.  They reported that the model I had originally ordered was out of stock and sent me a RMA to just return the phone.  But the amazon ad for the phone is still up, so this company is clearly a bait-n-switch company.I hope this review warns you off this seller... although they'll just change their name 6 months from now.

overall im very happy with the phone, but the only bad thing i have to say is im allways have a problem with the phone when i make calls, it will call but the screen goes black an wont let me end the call, but overall its a very sterdy phone really like it but would like it even more if i could figure out the problem

just got the phone and been almost one week cant text or even go surf the web  in some areas phone is super slow

What I ordered and what I got was two different Items. I received this phone with Android 4.3 instead. Great performance, so I ordered another. Now both of us have great phones.

Please do not buy this phone I bought this phone and it got here in 3 days it turned on once went off and never turned back on againThe customer service is horrible and they hang up the phone on you and don't want to help you at all I'm still trying to return this phone

It is an OK phone. When used with t-mobile, only the Edge network is shown (100kb/s speed). Also, the size is uncommon (looks similar to Samsung Galaxy Note, but smaller), I am unable to find a cover for it. The included back cover is OK, not that good.  I bought it because its large screen.It works fine. Just do not count on using the mobile network that much. Wifi is good. Two SIM card slot is a plus.

EDIT- Do not purchase this phone! It is now 7 months after I purchased the first phone and it has died dead.  The second phone will not maintain a wifi connection and has iffy cellular connection.  DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE, period.  You will be sorrry later when it is too late to get a new one.Older - Got this phone 4 days ago and so far I am pleased.  I use it with a Straight Talk SIM and once you set the APN settings exactly like indicated on the Straight talk web site it works fine.  One issue I have had is that the Google Play Store would not operate on the device when I received it.  I googled the problem and it seems to be very common on all cell phones coming out recently with Google Play already on them.  I simply uninstalled the Google Play Store updates (had to do it twice) and the store started working, odd.  Build quality seems good, except for the back, which seems a little cheesy.  The screen is very bright and responsive to touch.  Phone calls come in with good clarity.  Documentation is abysmal but comes with directions where you can download a better manual.  Another issue is lack of accessories but those tend to come with time I find as people start manufacturinng them.UPDATE 1, the screen is susceptible to scratches.  Use a cover of some sort or never put anything that can scratch it in the same holder with the phone. Taking these basic (and common sense for that matter) measures will save you the scratches.  It seems to be fairly durable when dropped. I have dropped it twice from about 4-5 feet with only the included case and it is no worse for wear.  Another issue I had was making it work with my car's blue tooth. However, this is an Android 4.0 issue not a this phone issue.  Google the problem and you will find several solutions.Update 2, The wifi hotspot is great! My wife bought this same phone to use only as a wifi device since she didn't want to have such a large cased phone.  However, she did really like using mine as an ereader.  However, even though she doesn't have a SIM we can turn the wifi hotspot on mine and she can use the wifi on her phone when we are travelling that is major cool.

I bought this phone 7 months ago. For the first few months it was fine.But after about the third month the phone basically turned to crap. The memory is already like 90% full from applications that are already downloaded on the phone that come with it and you cant take off. The camera is not good at all. The pictures come out very grainy and you're better off with taking a picture from an old flip phone. (Its THAT bad.) The internet it comes with always closes the program in the middle of it, doesn't load certain pages, and is  slower than a snail. I bought this phone at around 90 US dollars total and it was a complete waste of my money. If I could, I would honestly send it back. This phone is NOT worth your money. In my opinion, just save up an extra fifty bucks and get the new HTC One. I heard they're AMAZING.

The description of the phone said &#34;new, never used&#34;. From the first day I received the phone, it was freezing. I tried to stick it out, four days in from having my phone, the problem became worst. I tried to answ incoming calls, but its freezing, when I'd like to text back my friends stat, it was freezing. I was truly upset, and threw the phone away. From the moment I bought the phone, I thought this was to good to be true, and it was. I wouldn't recommend no one at all AT ALL TO PURCHASE THIS LITERALLY CHEAP STUPID PHONE!!!!!

I was a bit skeptical when i got to know that the phone was being shipped from China, but, i am proud to say that I have had the phone for almost two months now and it is one of the best phones i have ever had, wonderful programs and the size is excellent compare to Galaxy note. I love this phone and would recommend it to anyone without any hesitation whatsoever.

While the basic phone is nice I have had issues which, if unresolved, make it unusable as intended.For one thing so far it is not able to connect to data network. It does accept SIM and I can use phone. It does detect the networks but will not establish a connection.  Absent this connection it reverts to being a dumb phone unless you are in range of a WiFi connection.  Basically useless.Repeated emails to seller have never been replied to so don't count on any form of support. Obviously there is no one in the USA to exchange a defective phone either.Phone either has no magnetic sensor or it is defective in mine. Compass apps or any app needing this function will not work, at least on my copy.I tried to cancel the order before it was sent...that request was also ignored by seller.Did not realize it was a Chinese phone being shipped from China until I placed the order. It is not that easy to determine where products are shipped from.  I blame Amazon for this for not making it a requirement to clearly indicate the origin of shipments.If the data connection issue is not resolved I will request refund.

I've had this phone for over a month now and have tweaked it to my liking.  It's an upgrade from my Nokia E71.  I have a Straight Talk Sim Card in it.  I downloaded a bunch of apps from google play to customized it.  I changed the camera it came with and downloaded the new ICS version that is available.  The flash works on it and also the stock camera but you have to go into settings and enable it.  I downloaded Fresh Network by McStealth cause I was experiencing a lot of dropped calls and that app is suppose to help with having stronger signals.  I also downloaded GO keyboard with all the fancy styles and skins to go with it.  I bought JuiceDefender Ultimate for it and that app saved my battery. For sms and mms I downloaded the Handcent sms app. I don't have any problems in sending and receiving sms and mms.  I went on a droid forum and found an APN app that worked perfectly with the phone.  I created 2 APN. I inserted my sim in the GSM/WCDMA slot.  Under settings and mobile networks I enabled 3G and for Network Mode I selected GSM/WCDMA mode.  I live in Vermont and service is sketchy around these parts.  It's always showing an H for network and sometimes an E.  I can force it into remaining on H network which is a faster version of 3G by changing my network to WCDMA, but I experience a lot of drop calls when I have it in that mode.  Overall it's a nice phone for its price, it works better in the city where there are more AT&T Towers.  The in call volume does not go higher than 6, I can hardly hear what callers are saying when I'm on the road.  It drops my call a lot.  But overall I love, love, love my phone, it works great for my needs. I have my B&N Nook and also my kindle app.  My boyfriend saw mine and loved it, so he has the same identical one as mine.  We bought it from Super Saver Store.  Shipping was fast, I was impressed cause it shipped from China.  I ordered it on a Saturday and by Tuesday DHL was calling looking for our address.

I sent the phone with less capacity will not return it to send it to panama but I is not working is not the phone to buy

Once I get them i will let you know what I think of them, in the mean time had to go to Walmart to get a few

you can buy this phone on ebay  there is a few different  one for 139.00$ and another for 84.00$ go there and buy this phone this person is buying off there and selling it on here for moreAndroid 4.2 Dual SIM Mtk6582 Quad Core Mp4 Wifi GPS Cell Phone N8000 GSM 3g Free Tether Wifi GPS At&t; T-mobile No Contract Phone black

Took it to different stores, never did get it to work.  They said it was something inside the phone.  Good deal of Money for something to not work.

this has to be the best phone I've owned. it has everything I need and then some.it has the android version 4.0.3 so it can basically download almost any app plus the phone is fast.but I'm giving it a 4 rating because of the built of the phone.firstly the screen cracked and secondly the lcd got damaged.which were all my fault because I did not care for the phone,I'm a truck mechanic so you can imagine the pressure the phone has been through.the bottom line is I like this phone so much I ordered another for christmas.which I'm gonna care for alot better

I gave it a four star because of the price and everything the phone did.  I use family mobile from wal mart and thought that the internet would be slow, but i was wrong.  The phone reponds very well and the screen is nice and big.  Just going to make this short,  get this phone, does eveything the galaxy note does.  Great buy!!!!

The smart phone is good.  I like the 5 inch screen.  But there is one problem.  THE ON-OFF SWITCH!  Sometimes I have to press mine a few times before it turns on.  My brother bought the same phone when I did and his on-off switch is even worse.  He is going to return his for a new one.  I may have to do the same with mine.  Also the Instruction manual is almost useless.

I have this phone about two weeks now and consider it to be a great phone. It came with two batteries; a screen protector(already on);usb cable, charger, protective case and head phones.Phone has limited memory 512mb, but it is extremely fast. So don't let that fool you. As for internal storage it has 2 gb and have the option of using an sd card.I consider it just as fluid as my the Toshiba Thrive (ICS). The UI is practically identical but smaller screen. I have a friend with an S2 and did some page download tests. I lost by about a half second typically. Well for half the price, I can more than live with that. Its not like I am crunching numbers on a spreadsheet.Its as if this phone is manufactured in the same type of plants as the name brand phones (think Samsung).

This phone is super cute .I will recommend it to anyone who wants to order for it.I love  it so much

I love this phone. It's big, and it operates at an acceptable speed for me. It does not hold a charge as long as I would like but it's ok. There are a few key features that will make or break it for me. I must be able to bluetooth this phone and this device doesn't do that. I use my phone to listen to music while I work out and I do not like to use corded headphones. Also, something must be wrong with the flash feature of &#34;this&#34; phone not necessarily the product line. If those two features were working on this phone. I would be a happy camper. I ordered another phone and I am hoping that it was just a defect with this is phone itself.

great condition, good communication, phone works great I love this phone and would recommend this phone to and anyone who wants to buy

Worst phone I ever owned. Crashed all the time locking up preventing me from answering the phone. Restart it ten times a day.

I am definetly into quality and this phone is truly excellent.  My adult children who own name brand phones are also very impressed; even one of my son's(computer guru)who has worked for Dell for four years.  The screen size, along with all the other features are spectacular.  The phone and screen is slightly larger than the Samsung Galaxy III.  However, I did have a little trouble finding a cover that fit.  The Galaxy Note cover does NOT fit.  I found that the GMYLE Red PU Leather Wallet magnetic Case Flip Cover with Money Sleeve, cards holder and lanyard for Samsung Galaxy Note i9220 GT-N7000 which I also ordered through Amazon was a perfect and practicle fit.

the phone looks really nice and for the first couple days i liked it. What I dont like about the phone is that the speaker is really bad, it sounds like it's busted, the camera (front & back) take really low quality photos, it's really slow and freezes alot. I tried to send it back but no post office in Nevada or Arizona will let me send it because they say cell phones are not allowed to be sent to China.

I really like this phone. I have had it for three week and it works great. I'm giving it a 4 stars for two reasons. One, I can't open or send pics or video from text messaging. Two, I can't find a case. Other then that its great. For the price I feel its well worth it. Thx Amazon.

IT HAS EVERYTHING I WAS LOOKING FOR ON A PHONE.ITS BIG ENOUGH FOR ME TO SEE EVERYTHING I WANT TO WATCH ON IT.

Good Night Dear ...I'm really disappointed with the phone you sold me, none of that there caractar&iacute;sticas you put the cell has first say it's android 4.1 and it is android2.3, RAM memory is not what you say, not understand how they can play with the willingness of buyers and deceive so vilely, ie the team is not nearly what you buy, to wait the negative evaluation and will place ...________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Buenas Noches Estimado...De verdad que me siento defraudado, con el telefono que me vendiste, ninguna de las caractaristicas que alli colocas las posee el celular, primero dices que es android 4.1 y resulta que es android2.3, la memoria ram no es lo que dices, no entiendo como pueden jugar con la buena voluntad de los compradores y enga&ntilde;arlos tan vilmente, es decir el equipo no es ni remotamente lo que compre, esperare la evaluacion y colocar&eacute; negativo...

I received phone last week and I like it but I'm having trouble with the apn settings for straight talk, the settings ST gave me are not working where i live but works in other locations can anyone help...I don't want to send phone back!!

The speed of the delivery was blazing fast. I ordered it friday and got it Monday. Opened the package and the box is pretty kewl even. The phone is much faster then my pre paid LG Thrive. I Love the large screen and all the features. Everything seems to be in perfect working order. I may be writing this review a bit to soon I just got it yesterday. I wanted to thank Amazon and the seller for the price the speed of the delivery and so far the quality of the phone. I think I have tried most things out on it and both the front and rear camara's work very well with very good picture quality. I just popped my old AT&T; prepaid sim card and my 32 gig memory stick in it and within a few minutes I was able to use the phone. It configured itself perfectly. Now I need to see if I can find a large protective case for it as I'm very clumsy and need the extra protection..  Thanks again.RSB

The phone worked to make calls but WIFI signal was very weak and kept dropping the WIFI connection even the phone was next to the WiFi box.
