
Love this phone! Bought the blue one for me and the white one for my son for Christmas. He loves it too!

I absolutely loved this phone until this morning. I have had it for about 7 months now. This morning the screen went purple and static looking to black. It has been black ever since. It turns off and on, I am receiving texts, notifications and calls but I cannot do anything  because the screen is black. I tried several different things, turning off and on, removing and replacing battery, sd card, sim card etc. in all different combinations. I got on the internet to get some answers and apparently this is common among the galaxy phones especially the s3 but no fixes. Many have dropped their phone or gotten in moist or wet but many like me have done nothing to cause this. I am close to tears because I depended on this phone too much with no back up. Pictures, videos, my calendar, documents in adobe, username and passwords to many accounts, notes etc.

I purchased this phone to replace my Galaxy Note.  The Note is an awesome phone but was just too big.This phone I love.  I have been using Samsung forever and am very satisfied with their products.I plunged in the IPhone pool and would never go back.  Samsung out ranks the IPhone by far!

does this phone work with simple mobile?? i am really in need of a phone cause i work and cant be without a phone please help

Just as described and meets all my expectations!  I have had the phone for 2 months and I am loving it!

Bought this for each of my sons...can't wait for my upgrade, so I can get one too!! Lots of cool features. Wonderful camera!

I purchased this phone on the Sprint carrier. I was previously an iPhone user, however after familiarizing myself with the Android operating system and the Google Play Store, I was ready to take the leap "to the dark side".Hardware: This phone is BLAZING fast. ULTRA responsive. You click to open an app, and BAM! the app is open, without hesitation. I _LOVE_ the screen. Sorry, I have read and read reviews on this phone and its competitors, but I, as your average 30-something year old female user, find it to be brightly lit, easy to read, crisp, LARGE, detailed, , and with a pixel count that is gratifying. I _LOVE_ the huge display. Netflix, with some ear buds in sucks me right in! I am in lurve :).Software: Honestly, I don't know enough about the different Andriod OS's to say that this particular OS is any better or worse than the most recent (Ice Cream Sandwich) or earlier variations of it. I will say that the apps that I have installed on it are very responsive and snap right open, without _any_ delay. I won't mention the differences between the iOS and the Android OS (I'm not familiar with the Windows mobile OS), as it's apples and oranges.Camera: It has both front and back cams. Toddlers LOVE this lol. Hand them your phone to check themselves out in and it's almost as entertaining as Netflix! At 8 Megapixels on the outward facing camera, and the fact that it has a flash, 5x7 prints won't look like that on your average phone! The video is _slightly_ jumpy, however, it's clear in both image and sound quality.Speaker: This sucker can get LOUD! Which is awesome! Does it sound like a little speaker on a phone (that slightly distorted phone speaker sound)? Yeah, some. How does it compare with the other Androids that I've heard? It's louder, and less distorted.Battery life: This is my ONLY _very minor_ complaint about this phone. Not that it goes through the battery quickly, but the charging time. Actually, it takes quit a bit of hard processor work to get this battery worn out, but once you do, the battery takes a good bit to charge. This seems to be a common theme with Android phones, though. So it's not really a surprise, nor a disappointment.Would I recommend this phone if someone was considering an Android phone. Yes! A LOT! It'll fit into your back pocket, but barely. It's NOT a compact phone, but it's a slim, lightweight phone considering the size of it. I am a small woman (5'2") with small hands and I don't find that it hinders me at all. Between the speed, the large screen size, the camera, the WiFi hotspot (ROCK!), and the speed of it, I don't know how you couldn't like it. Not to mention, with Androids, as opposed to iOS operated phones, you can upgrade the memory (relatively cheaply) and you can purchase extra batteries if you need them.

I absolutely love my new phone! I'm certainly pleased. It's better than I could have imagined it would be. Perfect.

To preface this review, I've had the following smartphones most recently in this order:iphone 3gsiphone 4HTC inspireSamsung Galaxy s2 skyrocketSamsung Galaxy s3PROS:- screen size and resolution. 4.8"beast 720x1280.- Screen clarity is amazing. I can clearly read the screen in broad daylight with no strain.- Processor is blazing fast. No lag with multiple apps open and switching between them.- size, shape, and weight are all perfect for me.  This phone is surprisingly thin.- speaker phone is loud and clear- cell phone reception and internet speed are exceptional- call clarity is excellent- GPS works MUCH better than the HTC inspire, and as good or better than the skyrocket- battery life is better than the HTC inspire, and about the same as the gs2 skyrocket (make sure to fully deplete the battery as soon as you get this phone.  Then give it a 100% charge without taking it off the charger.  Android OS needs to calibrate the battery.)- built in task manager works very well.- bottom app bar is customizable.- camera takes excellent pictures.- music player sounds great and is very responsive.- physical home button is nice to have- typing and playing games are both great experiences due to the huge, super responsive touch screen- Android 4.0.4 runs MUCH better on this device than it did on the galaxy S2 skyrocket- Shutter speed on the camera is very fast- I reliably(so-far) use the built-in clock/alarm app as my everyday wake-up alarm.  The smart alarm feature is really cool too!- Comes with headphones with in-line controls.  They are good for the gym, but the sound is a bit lean.CONS:- battery life still isn't as good as the iphone4.  This is primarily with regards to standby time.- Touchwiz doesn't seem to have as many pretty widgets as htc sense, but I've found some 3rd party replacements (extended controls, beautiful widgets, etc)- no more touch-search-button (only menu, back, and home buttons now).  I actually liked having that button.- phone is massive, so one-handed use is very difficult depending on what case you use.- S-voice is a joke, but you can use a different app...- Camera photo quality isn't quite up to par with apple's newer offerings, but is still very respectable.- Over a period of a few months, the samsung branded software keyboard will start to get VERY sluggish.  I recommend downloading the stock ICS or Jellybean keyboard from the Google Market!OTHER:- I recommend the "Llama" app to setup cell phone tower profiles.  When I enter my work's cell phone area, my phone automatically turns off wifi and gps, as well as mutes my phone.  When I leave work my phone automatically turns my volume back on.  When I get home I have it turn wifi on and gps off, and when I leave home it turns wifi off.  VERY useful and it saves battery life.Honestly, this is the best phone I've ever used.  Battery life may be a consideration for some people, but the micro USB charging port makes having (or borrowing) chargers pretty convenient. The size of the phone is awesome for me, but you may want something smaller.

great screen, super speaker phone, more options and items than I can list or use, but it will be fun to learn all the goodies it has available.

Overall the phone is fast, screen is beautiful and clear. It has no cons against iPhone or other phones, totally a good buy.

I bought this over an htc evo 4g because the battery is 2100 mah instead of 1400 or 1600 or whatever the evo's is. For the size of the battery the life is horrendous. I'm lucky if i get 14 hours on standbye, i get maybe 4-6 with moderate to heavy use. Even with power saving mode enabled and most features turned off you can forget about it lasting all day and not dying at night. And this is after getting a task manager to kill a runaway process gsiff.daemon that eats 70-80 percent of my cpu everytime the phone "hot boots" which happens way to frequently whilst the phone isn't being used in my pocket. If i don't realize this has happened it will die within an hour as well as getting incredibly hot. Returned it once 2nd phone had same problems. Bought a new battery (4400 mah almost the same capacity as my laptop) which is huge and clunky and completely ruins the phones aesthetic appeal. Even with this I am unable to get the same standbye time as a 4 year old iphone whos battery has degraded to roughly 850 mah. Called samsung and all they would say is sorry. The customer service rep couldn't even tell me how long it should last on standbye. What did you idiots never even test it?! worth 79 bucks as an upgrade? Sure, but don't think for a second the significantly larger than average battery is a buying point. With heavy use you can get better battery life out of a 15 inch laptop. Frankly I'm pissed. My friend has the Verizon variant and has the same exact problem.

if i buy this phone can i put my t-mobile sim card in it to work it or does it have to be jail broken

My Samsung Infuse was getting glitchy, and I didn't want to pay $200 to ATT for a new phone. This was a perfect solution and at a cheap price. The Infuse seemed more logical to operate, but I am happy with this phone.

i think i want to be so bold and say i love it better than my iphone 4S. so many options in android to do and widgets and the screen and camera are awesome!!

I went from a Samsung S2 to the iPhone thinking I was going up in quality.  Well.......I was very wrong.  I have missed my Samsung phone so much that I went ahead and purchased the Samsung S3.......ANDthis was the smartest move I have made.  I am hoping to own the Samsung Tab3 10.1 and 8.0 soon.  I am wanting to wash my hands of Apple products.

Just like the title says, ive never had a better phone. Love Android and Samsung. Im sure the S4 is great, but I got this for $10 new w an upgrade through ATT. Cant beat that!

I sought assistance in purchasing my phone, and asked for a phone that an idiot could download music onto. I found it! Not only that but I had no problems pairing it with my vehicle.  I'm ashamed to say I did have a little difficulty figuring out how to answer the phone. Now that little glitch has been resolved, I totally love it! I had no problem with the speech to text (and I have a minor speech impediment!), music sounds great on it.  When I text, I'm not typing... Best phone I've ever had!

Greg phone from Samsung. Very nice size and the features are great. Will not use all features before the next upgrade!!!

My biggest complaint is that the phone does not integrate well with my car audio. I drive a lot and listen to music and podcasts on my phone connected with an audio cable. I also have bluetooth in the car. If the phone is connected with the audio cable and a call comes in, you have to unplug the audio cable for the phone to work. My old Droid X would allow the call to ring through the bluetooth seemlessly. It also does not show the phone on my navigation screen so I have to manually start and end a call from the phone. I contacted Samsung today and they said that's just how it works. I would have expected a new phone to be more compatible with hands-free devices than less. The phone also seems to hang up when typing to accessing web pages more than my old phone. The camera isn't very good either.  I had a hard time getting a clear picture even for stills.  I'm going to be returning this one.

I purchased this phone and loved it for about a week, things quickly went down from there.Charge - hold full charge for about 1/2 a day with little use.Charge - After 2 weeks, when charging, the phone gets to hot to hold!  I took it out of the case, still gets really hotCharge - after 2 weeks, charges sloooooooooooooowwwwwCalls - After 2 weeks, when I get a call, it has this neat feature where you can ignore the call and it sends a text "in a meeting"  " Call you back in a minute" or some such. The problem is that now it gives me those options and NO OPTION IF I WANT TO ANSWER THE CALL?????4G I was in Downtown Atlanta, I should get GREAT 4G, nothing not even 3G nothingInternet - loses internet when I am at home, with wirelessContacts - I have to search all contacts, pick the name, pick the phone number, press call then pick which number they are both the same number but for some reason the phone saved the number twice, once with a "1" in front of it.  You can't just press call, it is a royal pain to make a damn phone call!Contacts - the names have all disappeared and now only the phone numbers are showing.Phone calls - it takes several minutes for the touch screen to respond and by then, the caller has hung upPhone service - sitting in my office, suddenly my phone says "no service"  In a town where there should be plenty of phone signals.  I have NEVER had a phone tell me that at work.I hate this phone and thought, maybe I got a lemon, they make lots of these so that is possible but if you go on the web and google this phone, the reviews are AWFUL!  Do NOT get it!  I hate it!

The US version of the phone differs as it has a Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 Processor with 1.5 GHz Dual-Core CPUs, while the the rest of the hardware specs are the same as the international version.I switched from an HTC EVO 4G to get this phone and so far it's been great! Here are the things I like about the phone:* The phone is a nice size, it's lighter than my HTC EVO 4G.* The processor is one of the fastest US released Android phone, and it comes with 2 GB of RAM.* I played around with the camera and video camera and the quality is great in my opinion. (I'll post some pics or a video later.)* The ICS 4.0 is really snappy and it opens up applications quickly.* It comes with Google Wallet. I signed up and got a free $10 to use. (I'm going to McDonald's to test it out!)* I've only use the S Voice application a few times, but it seems to be just like Siri on my wife's iPhone 4S.* It comes with a micro SD slot in case more space is needed to save pictures, videos, etc.* You can change out the battery if needed.* Battery life last twice as long compared to my HTC EVO 4G.Now for some cons:* This is carrier related and not the phone itself, but the 4G LTE is not all in all areas so be sure to check your carrier if internet speeds is a deciding factor in purchasing this phone. If not you'll be stuck with 3G speeds.* The phone is so nice, that I baby it all the time!I was on the fence about getting this phone or the HTC EVO 4G LTE aka HTC One X. The main things that I like over the the Samsung Galaxy 3 over the HTC EVO 4G LTE is that it comes with the Micro SD slot and also the battery can be changed if it ever goes bad.I love this phone! :)

this phone is super fast and easy to handle. the screen is super big and the graphics are amazing. Must have!!

The process of upgrading my phone was super easy! My time for a upgrade through AT&T was up so I looked on the At&T store online but at the time they didn't have the galaxy3 in stock so  I checked on amazon and sure enough they had it and was cheaper than the store! The phone arrived quickly no problems setting it up. I Love the size and quality of the phone! I need a bigger screen and this is it!  Easy to navigate through and it has video help through the phone to help with whatever you need. Bright and so many features i'm completely happy with it. Easy to hold and talk on it. Battery life isn't the greatest but it's not too bad I mean it is a smart phone and with apps it does tend to drain some of the battery but that doesn't bug me at all.Great phone!

AT and T has a very poor service . The phone I have is an SII which is having problems for last 3 months still they dont have any options for me . The phone gets switched off every now and then . When asked about that they said they cannot do an upgrade as I am not eligible and they cannot replace my phone .and I am forced to use the problematic phone.

My first smart phone and I made a great choice! I love it!!! Easy to use, good battery life & nice size screen!!!

I've been using the phone for a few weeks now, and I'm thoroughly enjoying the experience.Pros:Beautiful, slim design that feels just right in the hand (definitely does not look nor feel cheap as some claim, imho).Fast, lag-free, and fluid.Amazing battery life (easily lasts a full day's usage with 7hours+ screen time).LTE is just awesome. Extremely responsive and fast (59ms ping, 56943 kbps down, 15153 kbps up just the other day).Cons:S-Voice is rather silly.I spend way too much time playing with this phone.

I went from using the iphone 4s (jailbroken), to the HTC one x, then to the Galaxy s3, so I can reallly say that this phone rocks.Pros:1. Android is very customizable, I'm using the nova launcher and will try another rom soon.2. Power button placement is perfect, so you can easily turn it on or off, unlike the htc one x. Volume button placement is good, and is on the left side like the iPhone, unlike what one confused reviewer was complaining about. Plus, the home button can wake the device, unlike the htc one x.3. Great battery life with power saving mode on. And you can surf the net with inverted (black and white) on the stock browser, which just about doubles browsing time for me (iPhone can invert, but the lcd screen didn't save battery like an amoled does on black pages).4. Plastic feels fine in the hand, don't know why ppl complain. I use a case most of the time anyway.5. Speaker is loud.6. Has dedicated notification leds, unlike the iPhone.  The htc one x leds are barely visible under the speaker grill.Cons:1. IPhone has more apps.2. IPhone headset has better bass.

Not happy.  The actual samsung Phone box was taped shut with packing tape wrapped tightly around box.  Phone appears used.  It had lint and dirt on back and front of phone.  Also accessory items were loose in box.  No phone manual in box.  I'd also like to point out that you activated my new phone prior to shipping and in turn, it shut my old phone off so I was without cell until new one arrived.  Extremely aggravating as I use my phone for work.  Also no packing slip or order information included.This appears to be a used phone.  I did not use my upgrade and spend extra $ to buy used.  I'd like a replacement asap.

It is a great phone and the Amazon price and delivery were fantastic.  We bought two of these phones.  Came with Jelly Bean already installed.  When charging for first time noticed that the charging LED was not the same color.  Should be red but was almost yellow.  The phone also had very short battery life after full charge.  Other phone lasted more than a day.  I would not have realized the problem if we had not bought two.  Called Amazon and they arranged for a replacemet immediately.  Service and follow-up by Amazon was great.  New phone works exactly like the other phone now.  The replacement phone was not a reconditioned phone like you get from At&T or Verizon.

Great purchase for my son I got this on a new contract for him and he loves it takes great care of it.  The price was .01 what a bargain.

(Network AT&T; - US Version via Amazonwireless.com)I purchased this phone for my wife to replace her beat up Motorolo Razr Flip phone.  This was her first smartphone and I was a little afraid she would have a hard time using it.  I tested the phone before she got home from work and there were many bells and whistles that are very cool and innovative, which made me worried it would overwhelm a simple user like my wife.After my wife played around with the phone for couple of days, she loves the phone and has started customizing the phone the way she likes it.I myself own a Samsung Galaxy S Captivate, and have been pretty happy with the phone until now because of the SIII.  I am so impressed with the phone, that I will be purchasing one for myself.Pros:- Screen: Some say iPhone's Retina Display is better, but I am convinced it is just personal preference.  If you like images and the screen to pop out and be lively, Samsung's AMOLED screen is the way to go.  If you like softer tones, you may enjoy the iPhone.  I personally like the crisp and sharp contrast of the AMOLED screens.  Also the screen is pretty large which to me is a plus.- Battery: I have not benchmarked the battery, so this is not a technical comparison, but since we just got this phone, my wife and I have been using the phone pretty much non-stop and the battery lasts the whole day.  I have not seen the battery level go down below 50%.- Weight: The phone feels really light holding on to it.- Performance: The phone runs smooth.  I'm very impressed how fast the phone downloads files and streams vidoes over AT&T;'s 4G LTE network (Orange County, CA).  I really can't tell the difference between the mobile data speeed with my home's Cable Modem using a Wireless N+ router.  It's pretty fast.- Camera: the rear facing camera takes pretty sharp pictures and videos.Neutral- I've read some complaints about the casing feeling cheap.  I honestly don't get that.  I thought it feels nice and makes the phoen lighter.  I didn't know people liked heavy phones so much.- Over heating?  I kid you not, we are constantly using this phone.  I personally was using the phone for about an hour straight and didn't feel any uncomfortable heat.  My Captivate however feels like it's going to melt.  And I've played around with iPhone's.  Those get pretty hot also.- NFC.  I think this will only be useful when it becomes more commonplace.  For now, it feels gimmicky.Cons:- The pen that Samsung makes for this is pretty pricey (for a pen).- S-Voice.  Kind of gimmicky.  I don't like Siri to start with, but S-Voice is even more useless.- S-Suggest.  You can disable it, but still find it useless.Overall, I'm very happy with the phone, and happy that my wife is using it, and having fun with it!  I'm planning on getting the blue one soon.

Am very happy with the Samsung Galaxy S III. It is attractive and I am enjoying using it though I still have to get used to all the different functions.

Excellent phone can't go wrong does everything you need and more. Amazing camera with cool filters and effects great screen size perfect for watching videos

So happy we bought it. It's a great size and works fantastic. It's a very good phone to have & use.

I will not go for any samsung product again. Zero ... Big Zero for Samsung S3. I got this phone in Nov 2012 it was working perfectly fine till April 2013. Post April 13 sudden death issue came. In this issue phone shut off in the night. In the morning 1st thing you see is dead phone and after putting it on charge for sometime then it will become alive. Note that before death phone used to had lot of charge on it like around 80% or so. I contacted samsung but they refused to acknowledge the problem instead they asked me to pay for some other charges related to LCD even if my phone is in Warranty. Phone gets hot in short time. I liked the android but S3 sucks.

My son told me to buy the Samsung when I told him that I couldn't decide what to buy an iphone or something else.  So, when I checked out the Samsung I fell in love with it online.  I really wanted the S4 but I couldn't afford it so I settled for the S3.  I tell you this is the best phone ever.  I've used the iphone and honestly the Samsung s3 is far better.  It has a better screen and the overall feel of the phone is better.  I'm not real sure why people are so crazy about the iphone.  The Samsung is so much better.

This is my second Samsung Android phone and I love it! The phone is very fast, it works wonderfully and is very reliable. After having 2 Samsung phones now which exceeded my expectations; I don't think I'll ever change brands. Very happy with it!

Phone problems:1. Phone sometimes get too hot2. Battery charge comes for only 1 day with very light activity3. If I get international missed calls and I call back using the same missed call log, it doesn't work. I have to search in the contact and make a call.Some angels complained about me posting my bad experience here, looks like first amendment has been buried.Amazon ordering application has a bug:I had a very bad experience with my Amazon wireless purchase. Here is sequence of events.1. 11/23/2012 I bought two "Samsung Galaxy 3" with 2 years contract with Sprint.2. I wanted my old number ported for one phone and a new phone number for another one.3. I got two phones, new phone number and activation instructions on 11/284. I decided to return phones and not activate sprint contract because of CDMA phones5. I returned phones on 12/01 and did not activate my account with sprint6. Amazon still went ahead and asked Sprint to port my old number (from T-mobile)7. I lost my T-mobile service 12/8. This is when problems started for me. When I asked T-mobile to re-activate my service, they said it would be a new 24 month contract, which I didn't want to do.8. I had to buy another phone, so I decided to buy same two (Samsung Galaxy 3) with two years contract with AT&T.; I ordered on 12/8, but the web application didn't allow me to keep my old number. When I talked to Amazon customer service, I was told  during activation time I can ask AT&T; if they can port my old number from sprint.9. On 12/12 AT&T; agreed to port my number from Sprint and discarded new phone numbers given by Amazon. It took 90 minutes on the phone call with AT&T; and Sprint guys to resolve all issues.10. On 12/19 I get a mail from stupid Amazon that My AT&T; service has been disconnected and my credit card will be charged $500.00 (discount given to phones for 2 yrs contract).11. on 12/21 I called Amazon, AT&T; to resolve the issue, not charge $500.00..I am not still optimistic about this. Be careful when buying from Amazon..

While the phone is nice I am very disappointed in the slow response time to commands.  I literally have waited 5 seconds for the phone to dial a number that I have in my contacts. THis isn't just with dialing but many other apps in the phone.  I use my calander regularly and I'll press the widget and it takes a while for it to load.  The same with blue tooth, WiFi etc!! This isn't all the time but way to often for my liking.  I never had this problem with other android phones.

GREAT PHONE. GREAT FEATURES. YOU can do anything on this phone. 2 gigs of ram are great! i cant believe anyone would rate this phone a 1 because of how the plastic felt. lol its like rating a race car on luxory.

this phone kicks butt and takes names, i love it and all it features and most of all the cost !!!!

I have been an iPhone fan for a long time and let me tell you that the Galaxy S3 blows the iPhone 5 out of the water. I was skeptical at first about the Galaxy S3 because I was not sure how it would compare against the iPhone 5 but there's no competition because the Galaxy S3 wins hands down. I was blown away by this phone and I can't stop using it everywhere I go. It easily lasts a full day with a single charge and there's always around 20% left at the end of the day which is nice.Even my family who has been using an iPhone since they first came out is blown away by this phone. I have even caught them using my phone when they thought I was sleeping because they just love the big screen and the customization that it has compared to the iPhone 5. There are many reasons why I chose this phone over the iPhone 5 but the main reason is the screen size and the battery. It got to the point where the iPhone was too small for my hands and I'd have to charge it at least four times a day.These are some things that the Galaxy S3 has over the iPhone 5 and other high end phones:Pros:-Screen: The Galaxy S3 has a nice 4.8 inch Super AMOLED screen that makes everything stand out when you see it. The resolution on this phone is a nice 720 x 1280 which makes every look sharp. It has a significantly higher resolution than the iPhone 5(640 x 1136). Also, the iPhone 5 is only 4 inches which is way to small for most people.-Android OS: This phone now ships with Android 4.1.2 (Jelly Bean) which is the fastest Android version yet. The phone feels way faster than Android 4.0.4 (ICS) thanks to project butter which makes the CPU work at a high frequency as soon as you touch the screen to reduce lag and slow downs.-Design: I was getting tired of the same design with the iPhone and the Galaxy S3's design is sexy and very comfortable to hold in your hand. It has a nice feel to it that makes you want to hold it.-Camera: The camera on this phone is super awesome and takes some of the best pictures I have ever seen. Even the front facing camera is great when you are Skyping or even taking pictures of yourself.-Battery: The battery wasn't that good with Android 4.0.4 (ICS) but with the release of Android 4.1.2 (Jelly Bean), the phone lasts me now 2x as long as before. I can get through a day with a single charge and I can still have 20% left at the end of the day.-Storage: With the option of an external sdcard, this phone simply destroys the iPhone 5. I can store as many pictures and HD videos as I want and it will never be full. I am the type of person who stores large collections of pictures and videos and this phone lets me do all of that easily. I also play games that require a minimum of 1GB space.-Processor: The Qualcomm Snapdragon S4 does an amazing job at keeping this phone lag free and blazing fast. I have never experienced a slow down with this phone. I have even tested this phone by playing GTA Vice City that was just released on the highest settings and there was no slow downs whatsoever. I was very impressed.-Removable Battery: Who doesn't love this? I always carry extra batteries whenever I travel somewhere and I can easily swap my battery with another one when the phone is low on battery. This is a big plus for this phone.Cons:-S Voice: Doesn't really work most of the time for me. I have to constantly repeat the same thing so it hears it correctly.-Fingerprint magnet: While this may bother some, this can easily be fixed by buying a case.Overall it's a great phone and doesn't disappoint. With the amazing high resolution and screen size, this phone puts other phones to shame. The Galaxy S3 is the best phone of 2012.

This is my first smart phone and am very pleased with it. It is easy to use. Directions are noted right on the face until you are confident and push &#34;do not show again&#34;. The signal is strong and voices clearly heard. I would and have recommended this phone to others.

I like this model.the only thing is I have to charge it every day,the battery uses up quickly. Also, I can't get employee discount when I ordered it from Amazon, I had to enroll it from AT&T, it was delayed 2 billing cycles.

Im only stating a few things that I noticed immediately that I have problems or success with. This phone takes really good pictures. Although it has high prose using power and ram, its about as fast as the iPhone 4. The stock keyboard does not feature auto correct. It has a correction feature but requires you to pick a word for it to change, rather than the Iphones guess feature that picks one am?and automatically applies it. You have to download the jelly bean keyboard that features full auto correct. Also to have emojis you must download an SMS app that supports the plugin. I'd rather see a software fix rather than having to download apps to make something compatible. Or you can look at it as a customizable phone. But I think people use the apps more because of the lack of standard innovation. Which brings up another point. The WiFi sucks! And has yet to be fixed. Yet again there are apps meant to fix this, but they don't work. Also the battery life. I have a refurbished s3 and its horrible. I mean dying by the end of the day horrible. I ordered a fresh battery but have yet to try it. Like any other smart phone it feels too bare by itself and just fragile. I'd recommend a case for that security and a more solid feel. Reviews never point out the user interface or tempt to explain. But its pretty self explanatory and easy to use, coming from an iPhone. Similar screens and app layout. Hooked it up to my car through a radio transmitter and the sound was really good. Oh, and if you haven't held one of these, they're BIG. I mean a little too big. Forget about typing landscape, unless you have thumb extensions. Or uh...down load a keyboard app that features a split keyboard. Even holding this phone upright you need 2 hands to touch icons in the top or bottom corner. Perhaps if you become accustomed, but to each their own.EDIT: The WiFi really is a problem. It rendered the WiFi at work useless. I got another Samsung battery online, which came halfway charged (maybe used), that's much better. Not worried about it dying.

Like everything about it except, no 4g LTE in Chicago and most other places and it cannot take pictures or video with making a beep or shutter sounds, which can be loud at work.

the white version looks and feels decent. the volume and power buttons feel a bit cheap but the home screen button is good.I personally thought the htc one x looked and felt way better. I really wanted to get the htc one x but I had a real issue with the way htc one x handles multitasking. It kills and reloads apps and doesnt seem to be true android multitasking so thats why I got the galaxy s3. I figured the s3 doesnt do this because it has so much extra ram.My problem with the galaxy s3 is the screen. It is soooooo dim.. and looks like crap honestly.  The maximum brightness is soooo low. Obviously if the maximum brightness possible is way too low the auto-brightness feature is going to be completely useless which it is.Now I compared the screen of the htc one x to that of the s3, and the one x screen is WAY WAY WAY better than the s3. The colors are way more accurate, and brightness goes up really high. The htc one x  screen is simply the best screen I have ever seen on a phone. It's ridiculouly better than the s3.That said, everythign else about the s3 is perfect. ill be keeping it but i dont really understand why samsung woudl reduce the maximum brightness possible on a phone just to save battery life. Let the user turn down the brightness. Now if i want to turn up the max brightness to watch a show or something on my phone, i cant. Darkish shows and movies are unwatchable on the s3 because all the dark colors blend together to form black. None of the colors are accurate. The screen is terrible. BUT EVERYTHING ELSE ROCKS

I must admit that hardware wise it a incredible device for multitasking and everything else. On the other hand I expect quality as well and being wider and thinner than the galaxy 2 it feel so plastickly cheap. Take for instance apple products and even HTC are well constructed with solid material. I know Samsung it a awesome product and it show in their line of products like their True LED televisions, but when I hold the Galaxy 3 on my hands I just can't believe how cheap it feels and so plastickly. I love Samsung products but the Galaxy could have been better constructed with better material than just plastic. The only thing that it has going for it construction wise is the Gorilla glass 2 for the screen.

Let me preface this by saying that I was a die hard iPhone fan. I had an iPhone for years and used Blackberry phones before that. I thought I'd really be missing out by switching to Android, but boy, was I wrong! This is the best phone I have ever owned. I order the white one, and my husband ordered the blue. We had no problems setting up the phones or talking to AT&T; to confirm that our plans were the way we wanted them.During checkout, some of our plan options were not available (namely my unlimited data plan), so I had to call AT&T; to make sure everything was as it should be. I waited until after we received our bill to post this review. Folks, if you have an unlimited data plan you CAN keep it when you upgrade your phones through Amazon. I have had an unlimited data plan since 2006 or thereabouts, and it's still listed on our bill after a complete billing cycle. Although I'm not the biggest AT&T; fan, there were not difficult at all about letting me keep my plan.

all i need to know if i purchase th`e samsung s3 can i use it to hook up metro pcs plan

I took a look at several Samsung products (including this model S3) at the ATT store today. I was very dissapointed with the screen brightness. All the newer Samsung phones displays were much dimmer than my current old LG Smart phone. These Samsung phones were all set to their highest brightness settings.  I had the ATT store reps check the S3 brightness settings and they agreed the S3 is not very bright even on it's highest brightness setting...

I had this phone for under a year, and it worked fine, had a great UI, and serious power. I had nothing more than a few battery issues (I was lucky to get 5 hours with moderate usage), and one day the antennas inside MELTED. I had no idea what to do, as it wouldn't connect to any cell or wifi service, so I sent it back. A few days later I checked and the status was &#34;SOLUTION: BER&#34; (Beyond Economic Repair). They claimed that it had &#34;excessive burning due to liquid damages,&#34; the liquid damages were from the melted antenna that their phone created. I called and the customer service was very unhelpful, albeit somewhat rude. I couldn't believe that I had spent $200 on a phone only to have the producer screw me over. I will now proceed to get an HTC, and never will I have a Samsung again. If you want this phone, do so at your own risk. They don't stand by their products at all.

This phone is a marked improvement over my previous Windows phone, now I can finally get Apps and enjoy the phone.

First of all let me say this is a great phone prob the best android phone out there. But i just feel like there is not that much of an improvement from the gsII (with exynos). Also the build quality feels a bit flimsy and cheap due to its plastic body. When comparing build quality to an iphone or htc one series this phone just feels flat out cheap. On another note, performance is just flat out amazing, but not that much better then a phone like the htc one x. Also when comparing the camera to phones like the one x, and iphone 4s, i would say it is better then the iphone, but slightly losses out to the htc. When testing out the UI i have to say it is probably the best non-vanilla version of android since it doesn't have a lot of bloat ware like htc sense. And last but not least, i think the screen is great but it depends on personal preference, the gsIII super amoled gives nice rich colors, but can be a little over exaggerated, as where the iphone and one x will give you more natural colors( pixel density is basically the same on all these phones so not really a factor, except gsIII share sub pixels, where the iphone and htc dont share but its still a tie in my opinion).

UPDATE:Increased my rating a bit, because they did finally make everything right after about a half month of dealing with it.Att is great, the phone is great, and this is the only problem I have had with amazon. I am a long time user and owner of an s3 I bought at best buy. I got to see the phone etc worked out great. Phone came with the glass pulling away from one corner (very hard to tell) and of course I missed it until after the phone was activated. Now, since they sold out, I am stuck jumping through hoops hoping I dont have to shell out $200+ for a new screen. Even if they did have it i would be stuck floating $500.So buyer beware, terrible way to buy a phone and probably worth the extra money to go somewhere physical.If you get a good one the phone itself is awesome.

I purchased a Samsung Galaxy S III on November 4, 2012. On November 15, 2012, I placed a 15 minute phone call. Please note that I am very careful with my device. It has had a Seidio cover on it since purchase, and I am very careful with it. The phone has never been dropped. After the 15 minute phone call, I set the device on the coffee table. I noticed what appeared to be a hair on the screen. Upon further investigation, it was not a hair, but a cracked screen. I was very upset because I had not dropped the phone or caused any pressure or dropped anything on the screen to cause the damage. My first action was to visit the AT&T Wireless authorized retailer closest to me. They advised me that I would have to go to Costco, where they might be able to further help me.I went to Costco, and they said they would be unable to refund me my money because it was a damaged phone, and I would have to go through Samsung directly.I called Samsung directly and they told me that all they would be able to do is repair the screen for a charge of $178.50. I spoke to a regular call center employee and then a supervisor, who acknowledged that the crack could have been due to the device overheating and a defect, but he could not do anything but repair the screen. He did not acknowledge that the phone overheating was no fault of mine, but the manufacturers directly and was very unhelpful. I would expect that a company as large as Samsung would stand behind their product. If you google "Samsung Galaxy III screens cracking on their own," you will find hundreds of stories exactly like mine, so I believe that this cracking of the screen is a widespread issue that Samsung has yet to address.

Shipped quickly. Was as described and worked for my sister wonderfully ubtil she dropped it a week later and shattered the screen.

This is a great phone. My wife adores it. Easy to use and very fast for it's small size. Thank you.

It looks like it is returned item.  the samsung box was not shrink wrapped and it was in a taped box. I am very disappointed .There is nothing wrong with the phone. I dont understand why this came in a box with just tapes around it instead of in a shrink wrapped sealed box.

SO after owning this phone for roughly has been living up to the hype. I just discovered that I can stream my photos and music via xbox 360 the other day playing around in the setting. there are a lot of neat features like the turn over feature when the phone rings just turn it over and it goes silent. The battery life doesn't last as long as I want it to(even after turning auto syncing and other background running apps) I can make it half way through a day worth of battery life with casual browsing, emails, very little music streaming and video. The calls (to me) are not as loud or clear when using the ear piece however it has some volume when using the speaker(which is what I use) Also, I have a cassette converter that I plug into the headphone jack so I can hear music and/or talk on the phone.Now, the phone says it comes with 16 gb of data, but in reality with pre-installed apps it comes with about 12gb of space; however it is expandable with a micro sd card I believe up to 32gb.BEWARE... I purchased five movies through google play thinking they were transferrable to vudu player or UV cloud and its NOT. So if I do not have an android phone I am pretty much screwed with those five movies I purchased and can only use it with an android phone :( My 3 yr old was disappointed she couldn't watch her movies through the xbox vudu player :/The same goes for music!.. at least through apple you can transfer music to other devices besides an iphone, ipod or ipad.ONLY purchase movies through vudu the license to the movies are transferrable and you have the option to download them to ANY device...that is the ONLY downside to google play.. a HUGE NEGATIVE for me.Other than that the phone is fairly responsive, no lags or freezing, only when I got close to filling up the internal memory with apps.So, if you like to download different apps (like myself) this phone is not for you unless you don't mind uninstalling them and deleting a different app to install  the one you DO want to use.. very complicated in that aspect and kind of annoying.

This phone is the same excellent quality as other Samsung products we have used. It does everything that we need in a smart phone. This was purchased for my wife.

Is This Phone Unlockedi really want to purchase this phone but i have the att pay as you go plan

There are several things that I like about this phone, especially since I have had it for awhile now. The size is great, the camera is perfect for doing things a smart phone needs to do, and then the ability to change out the battery and SD card are not to be overlooked.[...]

I needed a new phone and change of service, and this purchase gave me more than what I had hoped for.Love it.

Long review so skip to the section you're most interested in if you don't feel like reading the whole thing.Physical Aspect:================I thought the size of the phone would bother me since it's approaching Galaxy Note size, but I've been pleasantly surprised by how easy it is to handle in my hand.  Granted I'm a big guy with big hands, but since I bought one for the wife as well I can tell you that she has not had a single complaint about the size.  The screen size is fantastic.  Even side to side next to a 4.3" phone the difference while watching a video is pretty significant.  I don't feel like I have to squint anymore to catch fine details.  I kept hearing about the weight being an issue from the perspective of it being so light that it seemed insubstantial, but to me the size/weight ratio seems just right.  The wife and I both have the "marble white" color and I must admit the contrast of the polycarbonate white shell ringed in silver is, visually, very appealing.The biggest complaint I have in this section are the buttons.  For one, the home button at the bottom center is slightly raised (as opposed to all i-devices which have them sunken).  This means that in some cases if you have the phone in your pocket and a piece of fabric or something else rubs up against the button it could wake the phone up while in your pocket.  It will eventually sleep again, but if this happens multiple times it can affect battery life.  A couple of times I've reached for it in my pocket only to discover the screen was already lit up as I took it out.  My other problem is the arrangement of the power/volume buttons.  I get that the "Galaxy" line has the volume buttons on the left side of the phone, but every other smartphone I've had from HTC to Motorola to Apple has had the volume buttons on the right so you kinda get use to that.  One of the biggest annoyances about this is that if you're watching a video in landscape mode you tend to have your index finger and thumb "framing" the phone on top/bottom (a.k.a. left/right in landscape mode) and there is a tendency to raise or lower the volume by mistake.Which brings me to my next peeve with the buttons.  A possible solution to my volume problem while watching a video is just to flip the phone 180 degrees thereby having the volume buttons on the top (while in landscape) instead of on the bottom.  The problem with this is that they have decided to put the power button on the right side top part of the phone (also a Galaxy trait I believe), but then you can wind up putting the phone to sleep by inadvertently pressing it while in landscape mode.Performance:============I was a little upset when I found out we weren't getting the Exynos quad-core in favor of the Qualcomm dual-core.  Although I haven't handled a quad-core at this point I can tell you that this dual core is VERY responsive.  I haven't tasked it with much in the way of mathematical computations or heavy gaming yet, but it's handled everything I've thrown at it on a day-to-day basis without a hiccup.  I've since consoled myself with the fact that while it's a dual-core, it comes with 2GB RAM while the international Exynos-chipped version comes with 1GB.  I'm not sure at what point the bottle-neck of 1GB RAM gives the advantage to the slower CPU with more memory, but from what I've read the differences are not staggering.Operating System/Features:==========================For all the rave about "Ice-Cream-Sandwich" (Android 4.04) I don't see the "earth-shattering" differences.  There are improvements, no doubt, but I really only enjoy a couple of things that I didn't have before on Android 2.3.4. NFC is one. I can beam pictures to my wife's phone, but Google Wallet is useless unless you are on Sprint.  I definitely like the data-usage metric, but I use to have an app for that on my previous phone, so...no biggie.  I like Smart-Stay (where it watches your eyes to see if you're looking somewhere else while standing in front of the phone and turns off the screen if you're not paying attention).  But this seems more like a gimmick because sometimes it doesn't detect your face and winds up shutting off the screen.  As for S-Voice (the siri competitor).  It's been pretty helpful for composing messages or setting calendar appointments while driving, but it doesn't know how to compose emails and it's buggy.  Sometimes it understands you and sometimes it thinks your asking about stuff that's not even close to what you said.  I've used siri quite a bit on several iPhones and it's not only more responsive, but has a better "bedside manner" when it doesn't know what the hell you're talking about.One of the things that was highly touted about Android 4.0 on the SIII (or was it the Samsung GUI that sits on top?) is that if you are texting someone, get tired of texting and want to call them instead you can just put the phone up to your ear while their text is on the screen and it will call them.  I've only been able to get it to do this for me when I'm on that person's "contact page".  I can't get it to do it while reading one of their texts.I've never been much of a photographer so for me the pictures most smartphones take are "good enough".  To those people who are looking for all the controls and adjustments that the phone has to make them "crisp and clear" I say: If the pictures that you take on a daily basis are THAT important to you, you need a good $600+ Digital SLR (Nikon D5100 or Canon EOS T3 come to mind).  In the case of smartphone pictures my biggest problem has always been shutter speed.  I could never take a shot of my son doing something funny before he went on to something else. With the SIII though, the shutter REALLY is that fast.  It is instantaneous and with the burst shot (20 pictures in quick succession) I haven't missed a shot yet.  this aspect of the SIII is awesome.  I especially like the "Best Shot" feature.  During family cookouts now I don't have to ask 12 people to just stand there and smile for 45 seconds while I take a picture and check it to make sure everyone's eyes were open before I let them all go their separate ways.  I can just press the button, the phone takes 8 pictures in rapid succession, analyzes them and offers me the best shot where everyone is smiling and looking this way.  I can disband the "Fellowship-of-the-ring" before I look to see if I got a good shot, because I usually will get at least one out of the 8.Hands down I think my favorite feature on the SIII is the facial recognition security.  I like to secure my phone, but I hate jumping through the "enter pin" or "connect the dots" hoops to unlock it.  The facial recognition just works (in good light) and I set the pin method as a backup in case it can't see me or doesn't recognize me.  I love it.I do hate, however, the music player that comes with the phone.  It's very simplistic and I prefer the sweeping carousel of cover art prevalent on i-devices.  Although the speaker volume is loud enough to play music without earphones, unlike on my first-gen iPhone.Data/Call quality (Carrier: T-mobile):======================================The T-mobile version seems to be the red-headed stepchild of the different versions because it's the only one that will not support LTE 4G when it does roll out on T-mobile.  The up-front costs are also a little higher.  The reason I chose it was because I did some research on Root Metrics ([...]) and found that although T-Mobile is the smallest of the nationwide carriers (by subscribers) they have been quietly upgrading their data network.  It's HSPA+ so it's not truly "4G", but frankly, what I care about is data throughput, and 4G data doesn't carry a special badge that says it's 4G so who cares what network it's on, as long as it's fast.  Thus far, I average between 8-15Mbps downstream and between 1.2 and 3.3Mbps upstream on 4G in most areas around Miami.  That's on the order of several times faster than the DSL I had coming into my home till a few weeks ago when I switched to Comcast.  The fact that T-mobile is last among the major carriers means that they offer great prices.  I know Verizon is considered the fastest in data, but at the end of the day, how much better quality can an HD video get from watching it on 15Mbps connection than on a 22Mbps connection?  1080p requires between 8-10Mbps so it's like shooting a chicken with a bazooka.  As for the phone not supporting LTE...The way I figure it by the time LTE is as ubiquitous as 3G is today this phone will be obsolete and I'll be on to the next greatest thing...so who cares that I won't be able to use it with the technology of 5 years from now?  If Google glass is any indication by that time we'll be wearing our wireless devices instead of carrying them around in our pockets.Lastly, T-mobile's data plan is 2GB of 4G data per device versus Verizon's "share everything among all your devices" plan.  And you don't incur overages because once you go over your 2GB limit they slow you down, but you still get data and no additional fees.  Oh and call quality is quite good also...but who uses phones to make calls now-a-days anymore?  Pfft!

had the s3 and the galaxy loved them as well... all features on the phone works tells you how much internet you use. camera takes excellent pictures sometimes better than my cannon

I finally joined the full touch screen smartphone club by getting this model of the Samsung Galaxy S3. So many great features come preinstalled and there is just about any type of app you may want available in the app store. The battery usually makes it through an eight hour workday for me, which is definitely a must. There are accessories galore available online and in stores, definitely another attractive feature.

My Son Found this one for me, and I can't thank him enough! It has everything I need in a phone, I like the camera, the touch screen, the sound quality, everything about, no bad comments here!

IIt is very simple to use without being a hassle. I love it and would recommend it to fa.mily and friends

I traded up from a Nexus S (Android 2x, a 3g phone) which I liked just fine, when the Samsung s4 came out and the S3 became available for $10.  (of course i had to commit to two more years on AT&T; but I was going to continue to use them anyhow.)  Needless to say the Android 4x is a huge improvement over the 2x.  The phone does everything well; the only thing I would change is the size -- since I don't read books or watch movies on my phone, I prefer a slightly smaller instrument.  The size of the Nexus S was perfect for me; the Samsung S3 is a bit larger and just a tiny bit less easy to hold or to slip in a pocket.  But that's just a nit.  Unlike the Nexus, the Samsung is loaded with junk but I don't mind; the three home screens (weird but it works) hold the icons for every app or shortcut I need, so once I set those up I basically never have to page through the app screens.  And memory is no problem for my usage.I don't know why anyone would pay $200 or $250 for the S4 when the S3 is (or was, anyway) available for $10.  I could afford the $250 but I just don't see why I should spend it.

Love my new Samsung Galaxy S III! It is very easy to use and is exactly what I wanted in a phone!

i have used atrix for 2 years and most of the features are similar in the SG III. However, the graphics in SGIII is great and a bigger screen is always good. And because I got it in an upgrade it was the best $10 ever spent.

The phone is 4.8 inches, yet it is thin. The phone has excellent screen clarity and is as identically or discernibly sharp as my old iphone 4. The phone is super fast and enables me to multitask among apps. The battery life is good but not excellent. I have a lot of gaming apps and apps on my phone so this could influence my battery life. The navigation is state of the art and is better than my 2010 mdx navi.The sound of music is great though not amazing because i am a Bose user. It came pre-installed with android 4.0 which was ok until 4.1 arrived, which I used Kies to update it.The phone made several improvements and is incredibly stable and operates fluidly. Most important to me was the user control. It allow me to have more control over my phone and change the settings. I was a former iphone 4 user and wifey has an iphone 5, so I used both phones before commenting. Now I am sold on this Galaxy s3 and overall loved this phone.

Earlier this year I slipped off to Evo-land and had a great experience with the HTC Evo One X, but at the end of the day, AT&T;'s version of the One X was too limited: smaller space (16GB instead of 32), no added storage, sealed battery, too much pre-loaded junk, too much data-gobbling. I wasn't ready to live that much in the cloud.Thus far, the Galaxy S III has been the answer to all of my problems. It has none of the senility of my Galaxy I (which got really weird there at the end), it is far snappier than the Galaxy II I played with, and the Android 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich" OS has me giddy with its response time and smooth transition from one program to another. Yes, the Galaxy S III really can multi-task, and is happy to do so. Best of all, I slipped in my 32GB SD Card and we were ready to go. The HTC One X consumed just over 6GB of its built-in 16GB.  This means an AT&T; Evo One X has only 9 GB of room.  Out of the box, the Galaxy S III takes up a little over 4GB of the native 16, but will allow you to slot in an SD card of up to 64GB in size for even more room. If the battery stops holding a charge one day, I'll just open the case, pop it out, and put in a new one--how handy!I've seen some people have battery problems, but so far I've managed to go up to two days without having to charge.  It all depends on what I'm doing, but even with what I consider to be heavy activity (Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, several calls, lots of surfing), I don't have to charge the phone more than once a day.INTERFACE AND SETTINGSWith the Galaxy S III's interface, there are a LOT of options that let you customize your phone to be just as you want it: it's as if the makers of both the Galaxy III and the Droid OS decided to bend over backwards and hand you the keys to pretty much every feature you can think of. For example, if you hate eating data when someone e-mails you an attachment, you can set the phone to only pull down attachments when on Wi-Fi, or not at all. Check for new messages anywhere from 'continuous' to 'daily' to 'never' (which means 'manually'). Hotmail works much better now that Exchange is supported--my Galaxy I would take forever, drop out, freeze, or give me nagging, 'Too many requests' messages.Getting around is smooth swiping with the Gorilla Glass on the Galaxy S III's face, but I still went with a so-so  Steinheil screen protector. Either way, SWYPEing is easier: not only is the onscreen keyboard huge, with the keys generously spaced wherever possible, but the SWYPE interface draws your swipe line cleanly and it is easy to see what word you are SWYPEing. Word suggest is still annoying--tap out the word "text" and get "Texas" inserted--but once I turned this off, everything else worked well. If there's one disadvantage to the Galaxy S III, it's that both the phone and the screen are a real fingerprint magnet: the Evo X picks up stains and smudges, but was just a bit better about not getting as much smeariness on the glass. Still, with either device the problem is solved by a quick swipe across your shirt.APPS AND WIDGETSAndroid phones now use the Google Play Store instead of the Droid Market and it works fairly well: enter your Google account info and you're ready to go. AT&T; customers still get CRapplications they can't remove, but your own third-party apps can also be side-loaded after changing one setting in the options. You can't root the phone (yet, anyway), but I'm not seeing the horrible performance drag of all that AT&T; stuff like I used to. I'm especially fond of the side-loaded Amazon App Store, which nimbly pushed all my apps down with no complaints, security warnings, or performance drops (take that, ol' Galaxy I!)Applications now come in two form factors: Apps and Widgets. When you tap the 'Applications' button from the home screen, the resulting screens are tabbed between a list of Applications and a list of Widgets. Think of an 'App' as meaning "An icon I tap to launch a program" and a 'Widget' as "A thing I may launch, or may just interact with at the screen and never need to open separately" (like the Weather, the media player, or the flashlight). When you swipe from one home screen to another, adding Widgets now gets a Windows Phone like twist: some widgets are double-wide like a Windows Phone 7 tile, and some (like the media player or the clock/weather on the main home screen) take up half the screen--the variety of sizes also resembles the coming Windows 8 Metro interface. Instead of feeling crowded, it reminds me of how much fun it was to play with my first desktop gadgets in Windows Vista.NETWORKING AND DATAWi-Fi and Bluetooth are very responsive: connecting to various networks or pairing is quick. If you connect to the type of network that requires you to open a browser and agree to something/provide a user ID before you can connect, the Galaxy S III will prompt you accordingly and automatically open the page you need. There is also a button right on the pull-down menu to turn off packet data so you can conserve your data plan--I like that feature VERY much.MULTIMEDIAMultimedia playback is excellent: while my Galaxy I would take quite a while to open and respond to me, the Media Player Widget makes my music quickly accessible. True to form, I get album art, artist/title/album searches, and a very good quality of playback over the included earbuds.CAMERAThe Galaxy S III has two cameras: one in the front and a much better one in the back. Both are for taking photos and shooting video. The camera on the back is for the serious picture-taking and has a very high-output flash for such a tiny LED. Picture-taking is so fast I find myself accidentally snapping multiple shots! The gallery of my Galaxy S I might take a while to show me newly-snapped photos, but with the S III they are not only instantly available, I can go straight into the Gallery from the Camera and not have to step out to the home screen. Flash can be adjusted on and off, switching cameras is as easy as tapping one icon, and there are a variety of easy-to-access options, from three focus modes (Auto, Macro, Face detection) to generic 'shooting mode' settings: Single shot, burst, HDR, "Smile Shot", Beauty, Panorama, Share Shot, and Buddy photo share. Settings includes the ability to adjust the exposure value, and what's more there are scene modes for sports, night, party/indoor, etc.CALLSThe feel of the Contacts and Phone Dialing interface haven't changed much, but the look certainly has: icons, contact pictures, and menus are larger on the Galaxy III's generous screen. I found myself making fewer mistakes trying to nudge and poke my way through the touchscreen when I needed to look up a contact or merge their information. Call quality is excellent, and answering the phone is easy. As with all new phones, there are many ringtones, alarms, and message sounds to choose from: I was very pleased with the variety of options this time around--the many sounds you can choose from for your calls range from soothing and tranquil to jarring and noisy.If you're looking for a new Android Smartphone, the Galaxy S III is a fantastic choice. Its screen is bright, colorful and generous, the OS runs smooth and fast and the screen is very responsive to touch. The number of features at times seems endless, but more importantly, Samsung have executed those features well: this is indeed a great phone.

Very nice phone. I always wanted one. Now that i have one, its everything i expected. It was delivered exactly when it was promised.

Great phone... have had little to no problems with it. It's an upgrade from my S2 and I checked out the s4... pretty much the same phone. I like the s3's size better.

Got this phone for a teenager.  He loves it and it works great.  Easy and fun to use.  Battery life wears down quickly, not surprised though with how much use it gets.

Get the Droid Razr Maxx.  S3 has great features, but even with minimum use my Samsung S3 will not go 10 hours without the battery going dead,  If you dare use the 4G expect 3 - 4 hours.  If you purchase this phone you must prepare to keep a charging unit nearby.

Upgraded from HTC Inspire 4g... this phone is unreal.Battery is 100% better than Inspire, screen is beautiful and this thing is fast.  Videos look amazing.  Love the quick burst photo option that takes several photos and chooses the best one.  I ran several custom ROMs on my Inspire, so far, no need with this -  it's great out of the box.

The phone is really great - I just love it! Easy to use, slim in the hand and has all the features you could want in a phone and so much more. The problem is this: it is great to have all the apps you could possibly want, all the features that make life easy and the phone terrific, Google+ and all the features it allows you to do on this phone....BUT....with all of this loaded on your phone (Like I had) the battery lasts all of a few hours once it is off the charger.When I first got the phone, I was thrilled that the battery lasted all day and didn't need a charge until I was ready to go to bed. But then I started adding widgets, apps, games, music, photos, videos and the battery just dwindled down. I was having to literally keep the phone plugged in by 3:00PM until bedtime. I tried to study the phone and see what was eating up the battery all day and started uninstalling, putting the phone to the bare minimum with backlights, synching -- and now my phone lasts all day -- the sad part is all those features, apps, music, Google+ and searching is no longer on my phone but HEY the battery lasts all day again. Very disappointed that you can have such a GREAT phone with so many cool features and then not be able to use them unless your phone is literally plugged in all day.I am keeping the phone because I got such a great deal on it - had I purchased the Galaxy s4 at $250 I would have been super pissed about it. Now I just add in apps I want them, delete them when I don't need them and have to keep watch over the battery life.You know Samsung - if you really want to take over the market with your awesome phones - and they are really awesome -- you need to figure out the battery life and provide the 'extra' large battery with the phone not at the $50 price point.Other than the battery - the phone really is a great phone with wonderful features if you don't mind having samsung phone plugs at home, near your couch, in your car, on your desk at work and one in your purse or bag in case you're somewhere and your battery is declining - it goes fast once it gets to 20%. Just sayin....

Excellent phone!  This is my first touch screen phone.  I'm still trying to learn all of it's functions. Meets all of my expectations.  I give it 5 stars.

I picked it up from major electronics chain, an impulse decision but I didn't have any doubts concidering how much praises I read abot this phone. Basically on paper it seemed to have everything that main competitor was missing, a great big screen, robust and responsive performance, and previously only having used Gingerbread devices, the ICS and upcoming Jelly Bean update were obviously a gigantic leap for Android.Imidiately taking advantage of Google Play market, I started loading it with apps, and coming from the &#34;evil&#34; side I was surprised that you can actually get malware on Android, but than I started receiving annoying ads in notification bar. I tried all major anti virus apps, and the 5th or 6th Malware detector, was finally able to detect the pesky source of ads. Returning to actual phone usage, battery life was never a concern, as I was planning of getting additional batteries, overall it has outstanding battery life and with a few tweaks no additional batteries are even needed as it makes through 9-5 like any other phone.Coming from iphone 3gs, camera alone seemed like a killer feature. I have a descent Nikon DSLR, but the photos looked stunning, not really pro grade of course, but with some basic editing more than sufficient for cool daily shots.The screen I figured would resolve the size constraint of a 3.5 inch I had before, and just seemed more natural and even enough to replace a tablet, escpecially with capability of loading entire movie collection 64gb card and take it on a long trip or etc, to preserve the valuable gigabytes that come with a data plan. The downside the screen itself looked unnatural, striking reds, that I had to hide the red Contacts icon. The buttom line, to decrease the battery consumption, Samsung had to compromise the screen quality, dimming down the screen, and boosting color temperature. The result, the whites are not as white as lcd, colors looks oversaturated, but blacks are very dark, so videos look great, but some apps especially using same apps on ipad, appear to have weird tones to them. For the web surfing and reading text I would prefer colder tones. To make things even worse, I started to experience eye strain after 10-15 minutes of usage. It went away, after continual usage, so I could use it for 3 hours and be ok, but only feeling the pressure in my eyes after using this phone. I though it was all part of adaptation process to HD Amoled, but it was getting worse and even persisted when I wasn't looking directly at the screen, as I was driving and using it as Gps. Still once it was off, I imidiately felt a relief in my eyes. I was trying to replicate this uncomfortable sensation in my eyes by staring at other screens at full brightness, but no discomfort whatsoever,Googling for this confirmed my suspicion that it was something wrong with the screen, as other users had similar symptoms when using S3. I also stumbled upon one youtube video compating iphone and s3. The video was taken in low light settings, and S3 screen was flickering, while iPhone was static. Its was like almost like reliving the 90s, where flickering screens were all so common with crt monitors and tvs. That is also time when we installed protective screens on monitors, to decrease the tiny amounts of radiation emmited by screens. So to prove my theory I returned the phone and got another one, and the eye strain was practically gone the next day.to sum it up, I don't care how many more patents Samsung needs to infringe, but I am not buying another Samsung or HD Amoled phone untill they come up with better screens. Please do your homework before buying, and obviously in its ambition to beat Apple in numbers, Samsung has chosen to use inferior screen technology called Pentile. Please don't gamble with your eye sight by trying to save a few dollars, and obviously now with recent price reduction this phone has entered a bargain phone segment.

I love my Samsung Galaxy S III...I really like the size of the screen which is not too large to fit in my purse or pocket and yet big enough to enjoy movies.  The brilliance of the screen amazes my IPhone using friends.  Speed is excellent too.  I haven't had any more problems with battery drain than my previous phone which was Motorola Atrix 2.  I just keep it charged regularly and no problems.

Samsung has no service store in US, only contact by phone and email. On phone, all associates and managers are unfriendly, unprofessional, and very cunning to cut off the conversation. Samsung Galaxy S3 phone is not reliable. Purchased on Feb 3, 2013, the screen has showed at the upper right corner a growing trace of Silver Metal Leaking by itself; the phone never has been dropped, no crack, no scratch. During the report of the isuue on phone, the Samsung service agents firmly determined the isuue was due to physical damage and hung up phone rudely, pretending a technical disconnection. There was no call back afterward. SAMSUNG PRODUCTS GOOD, but SUPPORT SERVICE WORST!!!!!Hereby a hopeless response from Samsung Support,Dear Luis,Thank you for contacting Samsung Telecommunications America.After reviewing your email, we understand that the metal on the right top of the screen is expanding and you were very disappointed with the support you received on the phone.We should inform you that the phone should be sent to the service center to physically examine the phone. In order to service the device please contact Samsung Voice Support team to file a service request for your phone. At your earliest convenience, please call Samsung Customer Support by phone at our toll free number 1-888-987-4357, between the hours of 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, and 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Saturday, Central Standard Time. We apologize for the inconvenience this may have caused.If you have any further queries you can write back to us, we are always available to hear from our esteemed customers like you.Should you have more questions regarding your Samsung Mobile Phone, you can also reach out to our chat support team by accessing the following link. Live Chat is available 24 hours a day. 7 days a week.Link: http://www.samsung.com/us/support/contactThank you for your continued interest in Samsung products.Sincerely,ShermanTechnical Support

I use this phone constantly for everything and I cant imagine replacing it or upgrading to a new one for the foreseeable future. I have gotten my family and friends to switch or upgrade because of its awesomeness!

this phone is better than the iphone 5 it is very organized and totally very very very awesome it has rich colors and something very similiar to siri it also has high tech computerized gadgets and the camera is the best you can pretty much control the device with ur voice if ur lazy or not.

I am long time AT&T customer with Family plan. It is a real nice deal to upgrade my old phones.

Great phone but keeps on losing my numbers.  Also battery dies really quick. Takes great pictures.  Still figuring it out

I bought this phone back in July, but I wanted to give it a few months before reviewing it. As the update to Jelly Bean (Android 4.1) is now available, this is the perfect time to finally review it.To put it succinctly, I love this phone!Now, for the more detailed review. My biggest concern when I upgraded from the Samsung Captivate was the screen size. I was very happy with the Captivate's 4 inch screen and I was worried that the S3's 4.8 inch screen would be to much. This fear proved to be unfounded as the S3 is barely larger than the Captivate, the extra screen real estate being due to the smaller bezel. My mother, who has the iPhone 4, constantly mentions how much nicer my phone is than hers, because it is big enough to see stuff on. I'm also a sucker for AMOLED displays as I prefer more vibrant colors that AMOLED displays have to offer. For those of you that may have read complaints about the Pentile screen, I cannot notice any jaggedness in the images; especially with it being a high-definition screen. All-in-all, this is an excellent display.This phone is also super-fast. When I tell it to do something, it does it. My Captivate, even from the beginning, would sometimes stall on tasks. The only time the S3 ever has an lag is when I exit from the stock messaging app. Apparently, based on what I have gathered online, this is due to the stock clock widget not wanting to share RAM and then forcing a screen redraw (Although I haven't had this problem in the 1 day since I updated to Jelly Bean). Throw in AT&T;'s LTE service and 802.11n connectivity, and it pulls data with no delay (I've pulled down as fast as 57 Mbps in Northern Virginia)However, what I love the most about this phone is Android 4.0/4.1. It is much more polished than previous versions, with better software to boot. I recommend installing the Chrome web browser, which doesn't work in previous versions of Android, so you can sync your bookmarks between your phone and your Chrome on your computer. Samsung's improvements to the TouchWiz interface are also much appreciated. All the complaints I had about previous versions have been fixed. It supports scrollable widgets, you can display the battery icon with a percentage, it supports shortcuts and weather information on the lockscreen, and contains more useful options on the taskbar. With all that discussed, I have to mention my favorite new feature: SmartStay. Samsung added the capability that when your screen is set to turn off, the front facing camera turns on and looks to see if it can see a face. If it does, it doesn't turn off the screen. This is great for reading on, as you don't have to make sure to tap the screen every thirty seconds or so. The only negative change is that you the application launcher icon can't be moved from the lower right hand corner.I also wanted to note that the GPS is much improved from the Galaxy S1 series of phones (including my old Captivate). I've never had a problem and it has always been spot on.I did want to give a couple of final caveats to this review. First, I don't hardly use the camera. What I have used it for seems to work great, but I don't use any advanced features and can't really comment on them. Second, I'm one of the few people who seems to like TouchWiz. But if  that's not your thing, there are plenty of launcher replacements available. Finally, since this is a review of a phone, I should probably mention that the call quality is good. I've not had any real problems using this as a phone.I also wanted to note one common problem that I've read about others experiencing and I experienced once. There is some problem with some phones having their clipboards corrupted. This happened to me about a month into owning the phone and I fixed it with a factory reset. So far, it hasn't happened again.I highly recommend this phone.

The phone is wonderful, but the touch screen sensor is required for function, so the wonderful didn't last long.  Hoping the one I bought from ATT will last longer!
