
Phone calls are clear, reception is excellent, and wifi works great (I usually don't have a data plan, since when I'm away from buildings I generally only want to do phone calls, read books, or look up information in my databases.

I love this phone its my 3rd phone the same kind. The screen is kinda small but the quality and battery life is unbelievable.

not received the item you purchase as indicated by the order ... I received one phone htc one s in poor cosmetic condition, had broken the casing and the screen broken glas on the corner ... it's important to say that buying a phone black color - red and received one of a different color .... I feel cheated by the seller

This is one of the most gracefull experience that i've had. The phone not just is all what it says but more. I tried all day discoverying break new thing each time it Doesn't have any trouble. It's excellence everywhere

It was a good phone, very reasonably priced, Daughter got really bored fast with it, but it is an excellent cell phone,

This seller is a scammer and that made me return the phone to me a replacement and it takes time to send the replacement and what is my surprise to get replacement?, Which was the same cellular damage that I had returned, now ask you to give me back money and tells me that my time ran out as if they were at fault because they were slow to return my phone and made &#8203;&#8203;me lose more money in return and remove cell arrival and at all because the phone was the same that I had sent. Scam ....

Very nice device, but be aware that numerous users are experiencing a SERIOUS ISSUE whenever carrier signal is weak:The phone will then switch homescreen/multiple screen view on its own in very quick succession, and disable all the capacitive buttons. It will keep doing this until you find a spot where the signal is better (if you're lucky). In the meantime, you will not be able to do anything at all: call, pick-up, use apps, whatever. Basically, you then completely loose control over your phone. Just google "HTC one S touch button issue" and you'll see many times many posts about it.This issue has been reported to HTC by many users FOR SEVERAL MONTHS NOW, but no patch or update has been released yet as to address the problem. So keep this in mind if you want to purchase this device... You have been warned.HTC, please FIX THIS ISSUE! Thank you...

I like this phone, seller good and fast, but I did not use before smart-phones with beeg screens, may be i will train myself...Still no bugs described in Internet about One S software. This proportion between price and parameters is best, all competitors  has something - too high price ore no front camera, ore no glass on screen, ore main camera not so good...

I bought this product 20 days ago, expecting a brand new htc one s (didn't care if it was t-mobile or not, even if the picture shows a htc one s t-mobile) but what i got from these guys was a used one, on top of that, it's completely damage!! it won't start no matter what it's useless, now i have to wait till amazon return me my money so i can buy another one! THANKS!! Be warned that this could happen to you with them!

This is how I got to communicate and be able to describe my current problem, I hope you can help me with the answer.This week, on June 27, my HTC One S recently bought (Order #: 107-5401262-5581804, Order Date: January 11, 2014 and like new) introduced battery failure. I think it is too recent to have had than to change. My husband and son have similar and theirs have 1 year and 7 months and have not had battery problems yet.Previously mentioned the lack of ad&iacute;fonos, and I was recognized by Amazon, atmbi&eacute;n comment qe I missed the box where it came from, it's not white packaging as anime that identifies HTC, unlike cardboard box that identifies Connectivity, and code bar that identifies the telephone box. I really hope my phone is new, that box is unimportant but I worry about the battery, just under 5 months of use and damage already? .

I was intimidated by purchasing anything online especially with my personal card. I know everyone has to try something at least once or twice to get a better understanding. However, with my cell phone I have had absolutely no problem and still the envy from friends. my phone works and the accessories purchased on Amazon has saved me a bundle. Caution do not be fooled, I too have done my research and did not settle on the first item or price. So good luck to you!Expectations were met

Could not be more happy with the HTC. Great camera and zippy performance. Only negative points, no access to battery and no memory slot. Underrated phone.

I love the design of the phone and the performances are great.However the infamous "home" button issue has completely ruined my experience and caused the phone to be unusable for most of the time. I had been in situations where I can not even terminate a call and end up being connected for many long minutes without been able to do anything about it.HTC sent me a replacement which is having the same issue. Think twice before buying this phone.

The HTC One S is more narrow than other current smart phones. It actually fits the HD screen you see on modern TVs when held horizontally. This means more scrolling when reading horizontally and a smaller onscreen keyboard when swype-ing, so it gave me pause when ordering. Having used it for six months, I can say that I've gotten used to these challenges, even though I do have big fingers and I especially enjoy the form factor.Bottom line is that a phone fits in your hand, and this one fits better than others with large screeens. It is also very thin with rounded edges. Even with a form-fitting cover (see separate review) it fits in my pocket and my hand so much better than the other options. As you know, I carry it every day, so this really matters more than the hypothetical loss of screen real estate.Phone calls are clear, reception is excellent, and wifi works great (I usually don't have a data plan, since when I'm away from buildings I generally only want to do phone calls, read books, or look up information in my databases.My go to app is google mail, calendar, and contacts, all of which are syncing fine between my computer and phone.For reading, I have used kindle for android, adobe reader, and Olive Tree Bible Study app. I am satisfied with all of them. I also occasionally use the built in software to access MS office files (through dropbox) and it has worked fine.I have used the phone to watch you tube videos, but I don't really see a phone as a TV.I do use the camera quite a bit. While the optics are a step down from the larger lens on my Nikon P60, I always have it with me and the resolution is adequate for screen viewing, but not for extensive enlargements. E.g., it's better for memories than for publication.I am totally pleased with this phone. It is plenty fast enough for my mobile apps and it has already served me well for six months. I hope you can get a good deal on one yourself.Technical note: it does take the smaller sim cards. It also has 16 gb storage, but no removable sd card or battery. I have not found this a problem though it was something I considered at the time of purchase, and as you can see, I greatly appreciate the form factor, which benefits from these space saving measures.And if you're wondering, it's so much nicer than any iphone I've seen, just in my humble opinion as someone who doesn't subscribe to the istore game..

It's a fast phone, with bright colors on the screen, and also is unlocked so I had no problems with DIGITEL VENEZUELA use it. I love it.

the headphones do not function, and the charger's cable dont plug ok, the phone is ok, but the manul that comes with, is not of this phone!

This phone is great, I have One and I love it. The screen is huge, the responsive time is instant, and the amoled HTC screen is timeless. I am running Jelly bean! and yes there is a Jellybean update for it.Fast phone, had some problems with the camera coming in foggy before, but the update looks to have patched that bug.I LOVE THIS PHONE. THANKS HTC!:).

I had this HTC One S phone gradient blue from TMobile stolen from my purse after owning it for 6 mos. I LOVED that phone! So of course I tried to buy a replacement. No joy from TMobile as this model is discontinued due to the forthcoming HTC One. So off to trusty Amazon where I find the phone reasonably priced at FGS Trading --who promptly send me the WRONG phone! It is BLACK not blue. The gradient blue is a TMobile proprietary color which is what I specifically wanted so it would be guaranteed to work with my existing TMobile account. The description clearly states that I was ordering the blue gray phone.I may be able to edit this review if my return and refund are handled well by FGS Trading.

Let me just start by saying that i love this phone. i have experienced none of the problems that other reviews have been talking about.Screen- the screen very good. idk if it is anything speciel but its got great graphics.Sound- great... thats the only word that describes it. as you know its got beats by dre audio installed so whenever any media is playing it turns on.Build- the phone is very nice. the body of it is aluminum, its so thin!!!Battery- battery life isnt great only like 8 or nine hours if your using aplications.internet browsing- its very fast. about 70 persent of the time the conection. some of the other reviews say that when the phone has low bars that it like goes nuts of somthing. i have had the phone for about 2 months and never had this problem.

Got this excellent android phone thru T-Mobile upgrade. Display Gorilla glass is scratch proof as claimed but is breakable even with a 3 feet drop to hard surfaces. So be extra cautious.

I received the product new and excellent conditions, it operates very well and I do not have complaints about it.

can only use phone thru speaker. phone is defected. wont recommend to anyone that is looking for a phone. very unsatisfied

The phone is awesome! Te delivery was really fast. the package was really well build and the cellphone was new, in a new box, all perfectly sealed. BUT!!!!! The cellphone is T-mobile, so I bought a SIM card for an UNLOCKED phone like the title said and it does not work why? because is T-MOBILE!!! it says T-MOBILE on the phone it does not says HTC like in the picture! Beside that the phone is the best! super pretty, comfortable and fast!

This phone is the practical solution that I was shopping for. I wanted a phone that could make calls #1, and could do so easily. I did not need the latest but for my needs this phone was the answer. Small enough to carry like a phone and not a tablet as many are coming out today. If I want to watch TV I will sit in front of the 60&#34;. This device exceeded my expectations.

I need to use in my business and I need it to make video but the phone does not work as it was describe and when I contact the seller never got back to me.

Was shipped as expected.Came packed in T mobile box.Works fine, unlocked as promissed on the web. I have taken it to Europe. No issues with network connectivity, works fine even with prepaid SIM card.

Very good phone as I expected I recommend it to everyone ;) very fast, the camera is best of all.

a little old. a lot of marks on the back, i do not know why,but it can be good  used ,.

I like Google and everything they are adding, but too many camera issues. The camera is stuck in self portrait now. I have rebooted it, updated it and everything else. It will not scan bar codes and says there is no forward facing camera. I gave it a 3 stars at first and got more pissed off when I started typing.

it has been a 3 months since i have this phone and it is working beautifully,no complains,i received it in a blink of an eye.

i received phone fast which is great but phone  is defected it wont updated and memory is very low... I wouldn't purchase this item again.

Well...this phone looks great, fancy..HOWEVERat the first time I inserted my sim card and turned it on, it freeze. After maybe one minute, it finally response but it didn't have sound. If you think it sets to silence mode or vibrate mode then you are wrong. When I play music, no sound; when I use home phone to call my cell, no sound. I look up on internet and find out that many people have the same problem. The solution is to pull out your sim card and insert one more time. So I did it and when I turned my phone on, I hear the welcome sound!BUTafter few days, it happened again so I did the same thing. This time didn't work out. So I try to reboot again again and again. Finally after 4(?) times, I hear welcome sound.I don't know if this will happen to everyone, but this is really disappointing.

The phone is amazing but it wasn't unlocked phoneit was T mobile version and I will return itI was planing to use it but it is useless in my country Kuwait

Updated from a Samsung Dart, and I must say it has been quite a big leap from what I had originally. Its pretty responsive and overall a great phone. Only complaints are; the speakers aren't too loud to blast music or speaker phone, and the front-face camera is only vga. VGA cameras...kinda blow.

I expected a lot ftom this device but disappointed. I am experiencing following issues...Back cover is not at all fit..it is slow.battery life is not good..it is lasted only in 2/3 hours call...Internate surfing is to slow..took much time to launch any app compare to other device at the same price...Overall this is not a good buy and wont recommend to any one....

Overall, I like this phone. It has all the features you'd want in a smart phone, and I think that it is good for anyone looking to upgrade from a non-smartphone, as it's easy to use. The only drawback for me was the lock/unlock screen button breaking after a year. I replaced the item because of it, but other than that, I've had no problems.

I ordered the phone based on the positive reviews.. Unfortunately the phones did not work!! Niether of them!! I waited almost 4 whole weeks for the phone. The day I got it I charged it for 4hours before attempting to use it, well it never came on! I charged it overnight, and still it never cut on. I was so disappointed. Amazon handled the situation very well, The seller sent me a new phone, I took one week. I charged the new phone long enough for it to have a full battery. It turned on, and worked for a couple hours before it cut off and will now NOT come back on at all!! This seems like a cheap generic verision of the real HTC. For one, If you press the power button, (AIR PLANE MODE) Is spelled (AIROPLANE MODE) I do not appreciate this at all.. I looked forward to a nice new phone, and ended up with TWO pieces of crap that DO NOT work!!!

The phone makes a wonderful camera,but its has almost zero reception for signal strength. I should have read all the reviews on the phone before I purchased it......hmmm

Fast processor,everything works great. Its what I expected and more.You can't go wrong, I would recommend this phone to anyone.

What can I say about my HTC One S apart from, I love it very much!! Physically, its so elegant and sleek and thin and light weight. The screen is so maneuverable with one figure and three finger touch.  The Beats Audio is a PLUS, Great! the 16GB is good enough for me, because the use of the cloud drives is good to have. The only thing I have an issue with is when you put in the headphones it sometimes automatically calls the last number or goes to Google speech search. If now on, I am only buying HTC!!

Excellent team, HTC works perfectly without details ... very grateful to the people of amazon and Liberty Express! to a next purchase

Prior to purchasing this, HTC One S 4g Android Phone Grey Blue 16gb with Beats Audio, I had been holding onto my Sidekick 4G Touch, I am very happy with this upgrade, would recommend to anyone, all ages.

Even tho I didn't get the red one like it said on my order I got the blue but can't complain. Works perfect like brand new. Took like a week to get to me can't complain I had a back up phone in the mean time. Very good business tho.

Phone arrived on time, Was original as described and has worked very well for about a year. Good looking slim phone. Solid phone and dealer was also honest

I bought this for my wife, and for the most part she loves it. Fast & responsive, good picture quality (for her needs), and the audio is crisp & clean.

The cellphone which I bought month and a half ago is already causing some problems. When you go online it disconnect's you by it's own... Sometimes when you are talking on the phone it turns off the call just end it. When it is locked stage in the phone it starts taking pictures more than 1 and don't wanna unlock sometime. Please tell me what to do,thank you in advance. And what is the policy on this matter??

This phone for T-mobile was ok not the best. Unforntally HTC stopped all software support for it so there will be no more updates to it, and if your lucky you wont encounter the dreaded home button(Helicoptering) issue. Overall: don't recommend this phone to anyone, you might as well go for the ONE.

the phone has everything I want at an acceptable price, I have nothing bad to say, therefore, recommend the purchase and use of this phone ... thanks

When I first received I think the software is suck! But I called the customers services and I got hold of real person to help me to walk through a bit.  I get used to blackberry in past decade and it took me sometime to learn how to use the new software.After more than one year usage, I really think it is a great phone in many ways.  From time to time, I take photos in restaurants and need to take closer look under the low light situation.  I found my friends who use iPhone & Samsung do not have the same functions at all, because their photos obviously can not be compared with mine. I dropped my phone several times and got some scratches on the back covers and it is still in perfect condition. Finally, I bought a gel cover and it seems it will last longer than any of my past Blackberry.

This is only a 3G phone and does not have beats audio as described. Couldn't return since I needed a replacement phone. OK phone for the price,  but definitely not what I thought I was buying. Aside from that , shipping was fast.
