
I ordered this after I checked the service coverage map. It showed some coverage in my area. When I received it and tried to activate it, they said there wasn't any coverage at all. I really liked it and hated to return it. I wish phone companies had coverage in all areas.

I like the phone, everything works very well except for the phone part because it takes too long for calls to connect. I beliee it's the carrier T-Mobile network that has the problem.

I've had this phone for 6 months and I've had no problems with it. I got tired of paying $200 a month for Verizon so I bought this Tmobile phone and cut my phone bill down to $50 a month with NO contract!! best phone I've ever had.=)

The Phones Ok I Guess , Its a windows phone so it doesnt come with any of the Android Features .

I got this phone about a year ago and it looked pretty decent. Around six months later the sensor in the front stopped working which makes my calls drop and it's so annoying. Now the power button is having issues and it works only when it wants to. I don't recommend this phone. If you are going to spend money on this phone you can find a better phone for less money. I don't know what happened to Nokia ...I'm very disappointed.

Dont like the wibdows phone like i thoyght i would. It jyst seems to complicated to use perfer andriod phone

Let's say that I want to buy the phone and used with another carrier, what should I do ? to unlocked easy ? any suggestions ?

I had this phone for 1.5 years. I dropped it probably at least once a week on average. A few times those drops were substantial, like 10+ feet onto concrete! The screen remained in tact and the phone only had a few small dings even after all of that. After a year and a half the phone started to act strange (like putting people on hold and calling someone else while I was on the phone.)The camera takes great pictures, and the sound quality on calls is very good, and I also like the way this phone feels. It is small, but with a good sized screen, and feels good in my hand.Also, I just bought a new android phone that I am now thinking about returning, just because Windows Phone is better in some very key ways:The predictive text on WP is amazing. I was able to send texts and emails at the speed of lightning, and I never really knew why I was so much faster than everyone else (meaning everyone who has android), until I had my new android phone for a few hours. WP predictive text gives you a list of options, you pick one, or don't, and it goes with your choice. It knows that if you put a punctuation mark after the selected word that you did not want that extra space there. To go back to your original word after the correction, you just have to click on the word (which it automatically highlights) and select it from the ever-present list. There is no popups, no bouncing around text bubbles, just a line of ever-present word options. It does auto correct certain things (like cant --&#62; can't) but most of it is easily in your control and at the touch of a button. Additionally, it seems to know what letters on the keyboard are close to each other and will automatically recommend words that were close (keyboard-wise). The android predictive text is a total fail in my opinion and such a waste of time! To me, since I spend most of the time on my phone typing, this is all kind of a big deal!Also, WP is super simple. I do not want to spend a lot of time making my phone do what I want it to. I want customization to be easy. There are not a million different ways to get to the same information depending on what screen you are in. The home screen has endless options that are easy to change. The settings are easy to find and easy to change.When I first got the phone, the main drawback was that there weren't many apps for windows phone, but that is not the case anymore.I think I am going back to windows!

returned it...quit working was not user friendly.....For something that is windowns based really thought it would be an easier product to use....wrong.

the service is very good the product is exact as described i don't need the product after all and returned the sell gave me refund with shipping cost in a time efficient manner

This windows phone looks really good and that's what the one star is for but be warned that in a month or two it will stop working.  Major problem inside this product Lumia 710 just check it out online.  People had the same problem as me wherein the phone will get stuck on just showing the nokia logo, then the t-mobile logo then just turns off. Some people got it replaced but experienced the same thing. You're better off with a different brand of phone.

The phone was flawless in operations but a nick due to being used... try to stay from the cheapest one available.

Not verry goodphone always has problems hard to you its just a piece of s*** I would not recommend this phone for anybody else

I purchased this phone 10 days or so ago and paid $229.00. It is for the Windows 7.5 system, but if you are looking for a phone to use with a no contract plan, this is a fine way to go. Most of the apps that are available for the Windows 8 phones appear to work on the Windows 7.5 phone as well. If you are looking for a plan with limited minutes but unlimited data and texting, go to the T-Mobile web site. They have a 100 minute talk plan with unlimited data (4G is capped at 5GB) and texting. If you use Wi-Fi for data, you should easily stay under the cap. The monthly charge for this is $30.00, and you can always buy additional minutes during the month if required.Highly recommended at the right price. Unfortunately, as I write this, the current price is $299.00.

Before the Nokia Lumia 710, I had iPhone 4 and iPhone 3G. I was getting tired of the iOS UI. Plus I was planning to switch to a prepaid account anyway. I could no longer justify the amount I was paying AT&T; for a smartphone I could barely use at work. While my iPhone 4 would work with T-mobile, the data speed would only be Edge which was not acceptable for me. So I started shopping around...The Windows Phone OS intrigued me because it was different from the mostly icon grid-based UI of both iOS and Android. The WP UI, I think, is intuitive. I was able to understand how it works pretty much from turning on the phone. If you have most of your accounts with Google (gmail, calendar, etc.) then setting up your phone is easy. However, since i did live in the iOS world for over 4 years, setting up my iCloud accounts was another story. I did manage to set it up but it took some time and research. The apps that came with it I mostly kept; others I deleted. I like that it came with a Nokia Drive app since I am directionally-challenged when I'm driving. Most of the apps that I had on my iPhone, I was able to replace with WP apps. But there are apps in iOS that I are not in the WP marketplace that I miss (like Tweetbot, Arclight, etc.). The app selection in the WP Marketplace also seems limited...The phone itself looks good! It's light (lighter than my iPhone 4) and it doesn't feel cheap. The screen size is just perfect for one-handed operation (it has 3.7"  screen - I think anything beyond 4" is hard to use with just one hand). The screen is not quite as good as the iPhone 4 but not by much. The camera, while also 5MP like my iPhone 4, seems inferior - it's harder to get a clear picture on the Lumia for some reason; it seems I have to really be steady to get a clear picture. I don't really miss not having a front-facing camera.Overall, it's a solid product. Had it for a month now and haven't had problems with it. Best of all, my monthly cellular bill has been cut by almost $50! And I can actually use my phone at work now!

i thought i was getting an unlocked phone, but it wasn't and it i had to pay a hugh amount to get it unlocked, then when i did it wouldn't accept my hotmail account to start up the phone and market place is saying not provived for my region, i live in the caribbean by the way, greatly dissapointed

Good phone. No issues. Does have problems from now and then lots of problems trying to charge it. But overall its a great deal

Great phone,it has a lot of potential. The only thing they need to improve on is a better battery and too get apps like the iphone and android market.Other than that,no complaints.

I did alot of investigating for a smart phone. I am very happy with my Nokia Lumia 710. Great phone

I ordered this because it was a good price.  I ended up returning it for an Android phone.  You can not get Google Play app store or Pandora on a Windows phone.  The Windows app store is pretty limited.

Works well and looks absolutely new. I love this phone and how it works. Plus it was a good deal

I could not believe how fast my item was delivered to my door step by USPS: and the phone arrived on time and in perfect and excellent condition. Thanks to Amazon.com, The seller, Simple Cell, INC. and USPS. Thank you for making my day complete, and I will now enjoy my weekend talking to my friends and family on my new Windows phone by Nokia, on My T-Mobile service plan.

This is an excellent phone.  It is well laid out and works well as both a phone and for smartphone features.  Voice quality is very good.  The manufacturer of this phone is making a comeback and look forward to their new Windows phone releases.  Windows marketplace is good and growing.  Reliable apps and certified so you aren't downloading potential malware.  I was going to wait for the Windows phone 8, but glad I got this one in the meantime.(Previous smartphones owned: blackberry and iphone 3G.  Prefer this phone to both of them.)

Beware of Nokia and Microsoft. No support and abandonment of existing customer base. No WI fi calling and at times you cannot use phone because the keyboard spits out random characters. Buy someone else's phone that works and is supported. This is a $250 paperweight.

purchased 4 phones, two of them had batteries that would not hold a charge, other than that, the phones work fine

This phone is exactly what we wanted. Great value for the money. All of the tiles are on the front which makes it very easy to use and convinent to find what you need.

I've had this phone for a little over a year. It works well except occasionally it randomly reboots for no reason or freezes. There are also a lack of apps in the windows store. I honestly wish I would have gotten an android but I wanted to try a windows phone and now I'm good and will be going to back to android.

I,m purchse a recond fone , it is ok , i,m not like itNext time I may buy one for winsdow fone

I bought it as a gift. I was returned the gift to get it replaced.Guess what? NOKIA does not give warranty for US customers!!!What the hell??? Where am I suppose to get it replaced or repaired under warranty???HATE NOKIA. T-Mobile won't even accept warranty as well. Here the return policy won't allow me to return to amazon.Where am I supposed to go??? NO CUSTOMER SERVICE???

Phone arrived quickly and I've been learning to use it.  It's easy to find accessories for it, the cord for charging is the same cord whether you plug it in a wall or in to your laptop to charge.  Pictures taken with it aren't bad and I think I'm getting the hang of texting with it.  Having never used a smart phone before, I am finding this to be a good starter.

Great phone for the price. Happy with the purchase. The phone is small and has small key board other than that, everything is good.

I hate the lack of apps in the marketplace. its dreadful. but the phone,internet,email, and gps functions are all great on mine.you might say, well its a phone if the phone functions work well why not give it 5 stars.2 reasons1- thats why you buy a smartphone, to do more than just talk on the phone2- the call volume is not so great, people can hear me fine, but even with the volume cranked up, i cant always hear that well. [no i dont have hearing trouble]overall its a very good phone, but the lack of apps is a killer. i got this phone because it was contract free and i get $49 unlimited 4G with a nationwide network [solavei, which uses tmobile's network]. I'm saving $25 per month compared to the big carriers like at&t;,verizon,and sprint. so over 8 months this phone ends up being free. i've had it for about 5 months.

I'm one of those that gets a new phone every 6-8 months. I'm not loaded with money or anything (I wish!) but I always get a good deal on my new phone and sell the old one to help pay for my new one. One phone I bought is the Nokia Lumia 710 for T-Mobile, which runs Windows Phone 7.5 which is a bit different than the usual Android or iOS. My current phone is the top of line bleeding edge Samsung Galaxy S III, but I still like the Lumia 710 a lot!All in all, I definitely recommend the Lumia 710 if you just want something different, want something simple, or are new to the smartphone world. Do keep in mind that Windows Phone 8 (this phone runs 7.5) is right around the corner and with it, all new Windows phones will come out. I'm just very pleased with the simplicity and smoothness of the Lumia 710 and Windows Phone 7.5. For the price, I don't think you can go wrong.I copied a bit from my Epinions review of the Lumia 710, but I will add some points specific to this item on Amazon. This is advertised as "prepaid" but you can simply put your postpaid monthly plan SIM in the phone and have a contract free upgrade. Note that this uses what's called a microSIM, which is half the size of a normal SIM card - it comes in the box, so you can call T-Mobile and switch over to this new microSIM for free.Some will say "$200 for this entry level outdated piece of junk?" -- where else are you going to find a decently loaded phone for $200 without a contract?? Don't forget that this is NO CONTRACT. Smartphones are expensive these days. T-Mobile sells this directly for $350 without a contract. Yes, Windows 8 and a new line of Lumia phones will be out soon but I'm happy with the 710 as-is. It text messages flawlessly, has a great 5MP camera w/ auto focus and flash, and is a 4G phone. Windows doesn't have as many apps as Android so don't get this if you are an app-a-holic. I'm not, so I'm fine. I just need Netflix, TuneIn streaming radio, Facebook, email etc -- all of which this Lumia does with ease.By the way, this is the perfect 'first smartphone' for young and older folks alike. Two of my younger relatives got the Lumia, as well as my middle aged mother and aunt. They are ALL enjoying their Lumias and wouldn't dream of going back to a plain phone! I've had a smartphone for years but only this year did I convince them into getting one, and the Lumia is perfect to start with.

This is a very nice looking phone.  The windows system is very visually pleasing.  I didn't realize it does not offer wi fi calling which makes phone calls in the boonies out of the question.  Every I talked to on it complained that I sounded muffled.

One review that explained an unlocked prepaid phone could become a postpaid got me.  I had looked at phones for months and was afraid(after getting a phone that locked me in for two years). That phone was awful. This phone was more than I really could afford - but I am so glad I got it. I am not tech great, it will do much more than I will make it do .It comes with new sim and I called TMobile(who was already my carrier) and it was up and going in ten minutes. Now I can at least deal with the plan I was locked into for the remainder of time on contract. The phone cost me about the same as the contract buyout, so I am ok.

Yes the phone works but up against other smartphones as the LG G2. The Nokia is just a night mare to navigate. There is no rhyme or reason what do do next. In this day and age how can anything be so discombobulated? Too bad the people that built the windows operating system for the Nokia must have been on acid.

This was my first smart phone and I loved it! Have since upgraded to the 925 for Windows 8 and gave this one to my &#34;I'll never get a smartphone!&#34; boyfriend, and he loves it!The things I miss about it are the small size and rounded corners.

I was waiting at least 2 months since I bought this phone to give a fair and accurate review. Allow me to say first that I'm a heavy Apple user, with Imac, MacBook Pro and Ipad however since I'm a T-Mobile customer I didn't want to expend a crazy amount of money to use an Iphone 5 unlocked on 2G/EDGE slow network. This NOKIA Lumia 710 really is an amazing phone, well, the WindowsPhone OS also makes the handset a really great device. WPOS is very dynamic and highly customizable and the Windows Market Place is growing really fast if you are hooked on buying apps. Since I'm not an app junkie, the Market Place is irrelevant to me, maybe 5 or 6 apps I really care about and they are available.The screen resolution on this phone is amazing, almost comparable with retina display on IPHONES and as any other Nokia phone, the camera is above average compared with Apple, Samsung, HTC, Nokias always have had great cameras, I must highlight the video on 720p is outstanding with its image stabilization and sound enhancing. The Gorilla glass on the screen really makes scratches go by, great deal.One thing about screen resolution; VIDEOS LOOK AMAZING, any blockbuster and/or TV show look amazing on the small screen.Some haters might say the Nokia Lumia 710 has a &#34;plasticky&#34; feeling..well dahh..It is made out of plastic however I feel the telephone very well manufactured, no complaints there.The only 4 things about this phone I don't like:1-No upgradable memory, 8 GB which are really 6.3 GB, you have to keep a really close eye to all your content other wise you may run out of memory pretty fast.2-Battery life is poor, so if you don't want to run out of juice in a typical day, make sure you TURN OFF Blue Tooth when you don't need it.And ALWAYS, ALWAYS, ALWAYS turn WI-FI off and keep your DATA ON at all the times. If you keep WIFI ON the battery, literally, will run in a few hours. LOCATION SERVICES don't seem to be a big battery consumer. Make sure your THEMES are dark and avoid really bright colors. Finally set the screen to 1 min max every single time is on.3-NOKIA went backwards with MAPS, they always had TEXT-TO-SPECH GPS prompts and now, all of a sudden NOKIA MAPS is only TURN-BY-TURN navigation, no streets names. You do can have that feature but you must buy a full GPS app from a third party developer.4-You need to be patient while texting or writing, keyboard, either on landscape or vertical is complicated if you have thick fingers.Other than these NEGATIVES, the Nokia Lumia 710 is really an amazing phone.

I am still learning how to operate this phone, but I really like it so far.  My son helped load some fun games on it for me. We've been playing "Words With Friends" and "Draw Something."  I like the way the texting works with the balloons pointing different ways so you can tell who was doing the texting at the time.  The camera doesn't take that great of pictures, but it's good enough for a while.  It worked well enough to get some decent pictures of my contacts, but I wouldn't use it to take any professional photos, though.I haven't upgraded my phone for years, and I am pleased as punch with this phone, but please read other reviews if you need more information on it.

I liked the looks of the phone but returned it because one of the &#34;clasps&#34; was broken off and the back gaped open on one corner.  I thought that was not a good idea for future use--it might come off and the battery fall out or something.

I had been using a T-Mobile Samsung T-239 for several years.  I wanted to upgrade to a smartphone and I selected the Lumia 710 based on other reviews.  Before purchasing on Amazon, I went to a nearby T-Mobile store to make sure that my old account could be upgraded to one with a data plan, that I could transfer my current phone number, and that my new phone would be set up correctly.  I then purchased the new phone on Amazon.  It arrived within a few days in a T-Mobile box and was obviously a T-Mobile phone.  I then returned to the T-Mobile store to set up the phone.  Whenever I made or received a call on the Lumia 710, however, the phone went completely black and I could not use any of the controls, all of which are on-screen.  The phone worked fine without any other problems otherwise.  After several trips to T-Mobile stores and numerous calls to T-Mobile customer service, the problem could not be identified or fixed by anyone at T-Mobile.  Several T-Mobile reps argued that the phone was not legitimate T-Mobile equipment because of the number on the SIM card.  I found this hard to believe because everything in the box had been new, unopened, and original.  I returned the phone to Amazon which refunded my purchase. I then purchased an Evo V directly through Virgin Mobile.  The service from Amazon was fine, but the personnel at T-Mobile were confused, poorly trained, and not helpful in keeping my business.

Arrived on time. The phone was brand new. If buying for a gift be careful. The box was old and the SIMS card had to be replaced. It wasn't expired, but showed up aged. No big deal T Mobile gave me a new one free of charge. I got it set up super fast. I waited 3 weeks to write the review so I could have a chance to use it first. I have had no issues. I LOVE this phone and the price is unbeatable!!!! It does all of the basic functions you could ask for. I am still getting used to having a Windows phone, otherwise I would definitely recommend this to a friend.

I bought this phone for my wife.  She loves it.  Good sound quality and reception.  Easy to use.  Paid $200.  I think it is much Better than most phones that are twice the price.

I bought this for myself, however the lack of applications, missing features, and horrible multitasking made me give this to my mother instead. She loves this phone and takes pictures and emails them to me all the time now. I would not recommend this phone to power-users, however for beginners such as older people and younger children this is more than enough. In addition, the integrate social networks such as facebook, twitter, etc is awesome! Also has a dedicated GPS and 4g data which is pretty great! If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask me in the comments section :)

This smart phone hooked up to the T-Mobile no contract 4g network has provided mewith an excellent connectivity experience.  I especially like the WIFI option for surfingwhen I am at home or work utilizing wifi networks and not my 4g plan.This is my first smart phone but for the past 2 years I have had an IPAD and the onlineexperience using Windows phone 7.5 has been every bit as enjoyable as the IPAD.The IPAD trumps in the realm of screen size but the windows OS is a joy to use andeasy to pick up on.My 2 complaints,  The camera button gives little feed back for focusing and theback button should give way to a good swipe on the screen more often then currently available.The phone feels good in the hand.I am considering buying my wife a windows 8 phone this year for her birthday.So yes I would buy this item again.Note:  I still ove this phone but I should mention when Microsoft rolled out there update to the Windows phone systemT-Mobile refused to allow there customers to receive the update.  There were some nice features in that update and I am now upset with T-Mobile as my carrier.  I'll still keep the phone for the next year but when I upgrade I'll change to a carrier that is looking out for there customers and works with the Phone manufacturer and Microsoft to provide a quality experience.  T-Mobile left us high and dry.

THis phone is amazing. When I first got it i thought it was going to be glitching but it is workin perfectly.

A beautiful advice, received at the right time as was promised and they, Indy Cellular 4Less, honored their word, they sent me a pair of earplugs due an mistake in the color and a car charger was included in the shipment. I really appreciate the service and atention. Happy Holidays :O)

I can't say enough about this phone. Mint condition. Took it to local tmobile store and they switched all of my info and sim card from my old no contract plan to this one. It is a steal at the price and is all I could want in a phone. The camera is awesome. Ease of access as well with the windows format.

I already had this phone and it stopped charging because the port hole was loose. So I bought the same phone to replace what I previously had for the last 2 years. Good phone, I hate that the touch skin only works but skin and not nails or other items like the previous generation of nokias. Package came without a battery had to get customer service to fix that problem, but they did well.

This phone is already amazing. Ive not held it in my hands 10 minutes and already love it. It looks awesome and overall, I wouldnt hesitate to buy another one of these phones. For the money I paid ( $130 ), you couldnt ask for a better phone. Just make sure you have whats called a &#34; Micro Sim Card &#34; or you can make your own buy googling a template. its easy, just takes patience doing the cutting. Great phone hands down!

It comes with an activation kit. It is a nice phone, looks nice,however mine broke down after 3 months but Nokia phones have a one year warranty. I went to Nokia website, received a prepaid postage and mailed it to them, after two weeks I received my phone back working even better. So I was very happy about that. I have this phone now for about 6 months, I travel a lot and it is nice going to Europe buying there a SIM card and being able to use my phone, or I only re-charge my phone with money when I really need it, like when I am about to go on a vacation and I don't have to pay money to the cell phone company when I don't use it. This was the main reason why I got this phone, AT&T always overcharged me (even with their lowest plan I ended up paying at least $65 a month on good days but it was so easy to go over text messaging and data that usually I ended up paying at least $80........now I only spend $30 plus $3 tax for 1500 combined minutes plus text messages) and as soon as my contract expired I decided to get a prepaid phone. What I also like about this phone is the windows map. I downloaded the state I live in to use it and even without data on your phone you can still use the GPS. How great is that! I only purchase the $30 dollar refill card as I mostly use my phone for talking and texting  but I like the GPS that does not need data to work (smart phone yes) you just have to pre-download the map you will need and it will take you anywhere. Before I thought I would have to pay/get the $50 dollar card to be able to use the GPS but no, it works even without it. I paid for this phone $200, not sure why it went up. I think that is too expensive right now. I know that apple sells prepaid phones and their iPhone 4 costs right now $450 and you can use it with t-mobile prepaid plan as well so if I were to purchase now I would go for more advance phone because anything above $200 is too expensive unless it is iPhone or Samsung galaxy. I will stick to my phone for probably another 1,5 years and see how the market will change. I hope there will be more prepaid/no contract phones out there.

when i read that the phone was going to get to my house, it said about a week or more, but i was surprise that it came the same week. i was very happy!

This phone was a bargain and I love it. It was in perfect condition and the apps all worked great immediately.

IF YOU ARE BUYING THIS PHONE OR ANY ARTICLE FROM THE SELLER VILLAGE MARKET BE SURE YOU DO NOT BUY IT BECAUSE THEY WONT REFUND YOUR MONEY .I GOT THIS PHONE FROM THEM &#34;BRAND NEW&#34;.IT CAME WITH THE BOX BROKEN AND IT DIDN'T HAVE THE PROTECTOR FILM FOR THE SCREEN .BESIDE THAT,THE SCREEN WAS FULL OF FINGERPRINTS.I HAVE 2 WINDOWS LIFE ACCOUNTS AND I COULD NOT USE ANY OF THE TWO TO SET UP MY NOKIA PHONE.YOU NEED A WINDOWS ACCOUNT TO SET UP YOUR PHONE TO DOWNLOAD AND UPLOAD PICTURES ON YOUR PHONE.I TRY TO RETURNED AND NOW I AM STOCK WITH THIS TRASH OF PHONE VILLAGE MARKET,THE SELLER,REFUSE TO ACCEPT THE PHONE BACK..UPDATE...I haven't get used to it.the applications looks different and I need a windows live Id to sing in and upload and download pictures.I have two windows live ids and none of them worked.beside that,the phone is really small and the and it is a true Odyssey to type especially if you have thick fingers, which is not my case because I have super small hands and even so hard to do it.Update. 2/26/2013I had to make a claim through amazon and they granted me a refund of my money..This is the e-mail I received from the seller:1 of Nokia Lumia 710 4G Prepaid Windows Phone, White (T-Mobile)Hello Elida,I received the phone.  Thank you.Can you delete the negative feedback you gave me?  Once I see that your negative feedback was removed, I will issue the full refund.Village Market.......?????Is incredible the fact they is asking me to delete my review first in order to refund my money!!!!.Does that means if I do not delete it they won' give me my money back ???

the black cover on the back seems to come off easier than it should.  but with a protective case it would be ok...good product.  so far i like windows phone.

Well this is actually kinda my second Windows 7 Phone, the other was an HTC older model, but I only had it for 2 day .This Nokia is really pretty good. No problem so far, pretty stable.The screen is very clear and bright and responsive. Easy to navigate. Some fonts are really nice and big but some are really small like the time on rt upper cornerand the text font are small .I wish there is a way to adjust the size of those fonts. I still dont like the onboard screen keyboard ( since I am use to a QTwery keyboard) because my thumb is fat , i always hit the wrong key and I cant type fast enough.One weakness of the Window 7 is the inability to use mp3 for ringtones but Windows 8 has addressed that issue.The camera is really nice and clear. I turned off the flash because I dont get an accurate color and light with it.wish it had voice activated command for texting, well it kinda does but its annoying.Otherwise I am having fun with it .Also I dropped this phone with a soft gel cover and so far still intact.

I ordered this phone after my HTC for Tmobile had died it was the Amaze 4g. So I shopped around and was able to get this little number for $70 used. I was very impressed with the phone. It was smaller which I really enjoyed and very light and not bulky. The phone starts up and reacts very well to touch. The menu's are very nice and easy to skim through. I will admit it was very odd at first being use to the android way of doing things. But once I got it figured out it was cake. I can honestly say that I would pick a windows phone over an android any day. The only thing I don't like is some of the common apps such as snapchat and instagram are not yet on windows. There are similar apps they have but not the big name ones. This wasn't a problem for me because I mainly use facebook, twitter, etc. The phone's speakers are very loud when you blast them and don't sound like crap at full sound. The battery lasts very long and I was impressed by that for how small the battery is. Facebook chat also ties into your messager so you can have both threads going if you please. Overall a great phone! I would buy it again certainly and recommend it to a friend!

Excellente purchaseo! Z phone is perfect conditionano, and works as smooth as a piece of lasagne!worked right out of z box and i think its unlocked so i can use it in italiano!

Wow the price on this really went up!  I paid $199 on Amazon for this phone (it's now listed for $299).  I previously owned an Android Phone (along with an ipod touch) so I'm familiar with the other platforms.  I've also had a blackberry and was so grateful when Android was released.I have to say I really LOVE the Windows platform on the phone.  Typically I hate Windows.  There's so much rebooting on a computer, error messages galore and just overall trouble.  To be quite blunt, I've had none of that with my Windows phone and there's so much integration that's better than Android.For example when I make a call, it's easy and the screen goes dark, no problem.  You want to hang up, all you do is move your phone away from you ear.  The movement lights it back up.  No pushing the power button to get it to light up.  No sliding your finger to end the call.  Just hit the button.  It's user intuitive and user friendly.  This is one of my big gripes with Android.  Hanging up a call can take a long time if your phone is finicky!  I also use Windows Live Mail all the time.  My calendar is therefore suddenly integrated into my phone!  I don't know why Android never made an app.  I know I could use Google calendar but again it's an extra step I don't need when my calendar is always with my email program.Nokia also offers Nokia Drive for free.  So if you're opting for Windows phone but deciding between the Nokia & HTC, if you have any intention of using GPS at all, get Nokia because it's FREE.  The phone is also super fast (faster than my previous Android).  It's 4G so the internet is fast as well.  So far it's had all the apps I previously used for free.  Amazon, eBay, Key Ring, Shazam.  It also offers SkyDrive so you can store some music, pictures, etc and access it anytime when you have a phone signal.I also love the Facebook integration.  I can pull up my Facebook photo galleries!  It's on the main page of my phone. I can integrate any email account (including gmail).  Adobe reader (pdfs) look great!  Reception is good.  You can use Ringtone Maker to create your own ringtone (you have to use a computer along with your phone).You will want to play with the settings because once you set up Facebook all your contacts are added and let's face it, some people on Facebook I really don't want to call or contact, they're "old friends."  No problem!  You can turn off Facebook contacts in your phone book.I give it 5 stars!

canceled order went with different phone wasnt enough memory or internal space wasnt what we was looking for changed our mind

Waisted time and money, these phones are not screened before shipped. The FIRST phone that came did not charge. Once could happen... SECOND phone came and I immediately plugged it in to my computer and the computer restarted. I tried it again, and again, and again.  All with the same result. I then tried the wall outlet and my gaming console with no luck. Two phones two different problems that rendered the phones useless.  Let me save you time money and frustration. Do not buy from this supplier. I am out the: two additional weeks without phone, surplus trips to and from the post office, the sim card activation kit purchased, and the minutes purchased. Let me save you time money and headache. This seller if they are legitimate, they are extremely incompetent with their screening process.
