
It's easy to use. Large screen. Lightweight. Definitely an upgrade from the Samsung Galaxy Rush.  I prefer Samsung products for my phones.  I don't have any problems with them.

nice phone, easy to use, nice screen size and light weight.perfect for what i need it for. love this phone....

finally boost has a phone worth owning.thank god amazon sells boost, because boost has HORRIBLE customer service.i have only had 1 day, but so far, it takes awesome picturs, and skype works nicely

I love my S11. Big screen,light weight and no contract. Save me alot of money. Didn't jump on the iphone band wagon because its all about name(Apple). If you are all about saving money then get this phone.

This is a great phone and the new version of Android seems to sort out all the issues I was having before. Display is great and phone feels really good.

LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PHONE. Boost is just 45 a month for this awesome Android. Way better & way less expensive than iPhone. Does so much. The camera on this thing is so good.

LOVE THE PHONE. SO FAR NO PROBLEMS. LOOKING TO UPGRADE SOON. LOOKING FOR A GOOD DEAL SOMETIME IN DECEMBER HOPEFULY

I should've choose no stars. I received a phone that didn't so I asked for a replacement. When I received the second phone. It didn't work either.

I bought this phone used and I love the features, however i keeps cutting off for no reason.I would never buy a used or refurbished phone. U never know what you are getting.

In short, once I got this phone I can't be without it for even a day (first smart phone). Great display, great feature set and pretty sturdy as well. Boost mobile is cheap and the cell service was good.  But that was during the first 2 months of ownership...And all has not been without issues...I have had the phone for 2 months now with no problems at all.  None.  Long enough to become dependant on its great looks, perfect size, excellent feature set and pc-like capabilities along with messaging, email & voice of course. This week, 2 out of 4 days it was dead - completely out of commission.  First time because, although I thought I had signed up for auto-pay via online account it did not go through for some glitchy reason.  And without warning my service was suspended at the end of the due day so the next day I had no service.  Called Boost that evening when I got home from work and they enabled the autopay. Then, 2 days later, I go to charge my phone and it won't charge.  Just a blinking "blue light of death" all day.  It turns out the battery had such a low charge that the std. charger would not bring it back.  I tried a car quick charger - just by sheer chance - and it got the solid red "charging" light back and after an hour or so it came back to life enough to turn it back on again (and continue charging up to full capacity).I really don't like Boost Mobile's payment methodology at all - they use a "wallet" system.  You have to add money to the wallet and then they draw upon it to pay your bill. So when I called support to find out why my service was off and they said because my payment was not received the person kept saying how much do you want to add to your "wallet" and I said I just want to pay what I owe - nothing more and nothing less. No meeting of the minds there.  So he says $55 for the month, do I want to go ahead and add that?  I say "with tax its $59 something so should'nt it be that?  Then he's like "ok we have added the 59 something, enabled autopay and you're all set. Ok that's good.  Another thing I don't like about boost is that I get a late payment email notice every month so far - it arrives after my ontime payment was made.  Then its followed by another email thanking me for my ontime payment.  ?????? (update: this practice seems to have stopped now)To add to this review - now this week I have had no service at all when I am at work.  For 3 days now.  That is absolutely unacceptable since that is the primary reason I have a cell phone. The support in India said I have "best service" at my work location.  So I called them from my work phone - they asked if I was on a diff phone for the call and I said yes because I had no service.  Well they tried having me do an update and reset and all that stuff which it obviously could not since it had no service to download anything - duh!!When I left work and got within range of another tower the phone started doing updates, etc. automatically because of the previous attempts with tech support when there was no service.  Did not fix the problem - my phone works everywhere except at my work (inside or out) still.  I think the sprint cell tower there is out of commission but they do not care to investigate that aspect.I am tired of this crap - never experienced anything like this in over 10 years of verizon service - guess that's what the additional cost buys you - a cell phone and network that work when and where you need it.  I hate verizon but it seems if I want a working cell phone then I have to go back to them.  Sprint network is horrible, boost support is horrible, and now I have sprint to hate even more than verizon.  Go figure.Will give sprint the rest of this week to get the tower where I work online again and if I still can't make calls from work then I will cancel my service and unload this phone for whatever I can get.  I will not deal with any carrier that uses sprint network ever again either.  I guess this network is for kids just looking for a cool, wifi device to show off to their freinds - its not for adults or those who seriously need a phone to make calls with.  Oh yes, and I never received 4G at any time during the last 3 months and I live on the I-95 corridor which is full of towers, and, as the support person said, where I am I have "best service".  So much for Sprint's best - no service at all.  My only installed apps were netflix, firefox and youtube.  Nothing else.Added a few weeks later...So Boost Support has called me multiple times since above review was posted  Of course it was always while I was driving or otherwise busy and not able to mess around with the phone at the time.  They wanted to do a factory reset as a last measure and if that didn't work the next step was to send the phone back to Samsung.  Both pointless IMO based on the symptoms.But I did the reset - mp3s and pics stayed on card.  Contacts were on gmail.  Now back to factory fresh phone.  Got my music but no longer are the ringtones set to contacts.  Had to re-enter all my wpa2 keys again.  Had to reenter all my passwords for everything.  Reinstall the few apps I had.  To be expected for sure in case you were to get rid of your phone I guess but a bit of a hassle in this case.Still no signal within a couple of miles of my work.  Gave up having a phone at work for a week or so even though I carried it with me still because I have service everywhere else.  Then, a week later I start getting calls at work again.  So what changed?  My guess is enough people complained to Sprint/Boost/Virgin in that area and they finally fixed the cell tower.  Nice. (sarcasm and relief)  I did find something else out too.  If we get a good snow storm the snow on the roof of the building blocks the signal, but only when inside the building and all I have to do is step outside the door to get reception.So I am not through with Boost because I am not ready to crawl back to Verizon and pay $100 plus tax each month for less data and limited minutes of talk and phones that have had features removed so they can make you buy what is free with everyone else.  The tradeoff with a carrier like boost is spottier service and almost never do I get 4G even in what is supposed to be a 4G best reception area. In fact, I don't know that I have ever gotten 4G reception at all.  For me 3G and wifi is fine as long as it is working when I want to make a call.I do love this Samsung Galaxy S2 though - it is, without a doubt, the best electronic device I have ever owned and so far I have not desired a feature or function that it doesn't have.Another update:I have had the phone for 7 months now. Due to payment issues I have had only 5 on time payments so I have yet to get my rate reduced by $5 yet.  Should happen next month.The tech support, being in India, is not any worse than if they were in the next state IMO since the same problem solving script would be used regardless and I wouldn't be able to drive down there and yell at someone in person anymore than fly to India, LOL.  The techs have always been very friendly even if they had to follow a preset script for problem resolution so I do not have any animosity toward.  I have also become more accustomed to the wallet system.The 4G does work in most areas and worked everywhere while I was on vaca in FL from West Palm to Ocala with one exception.  At Disney World it did not work well at all in the park but then neither did the Verizon or AT&T; phones of others either.  I have to manually turn off Wi-Fi and turn on 4G - and that is why I was not getting it before. Coverage here in CT is very spotty in some areas but the spots with no coverage for the most part are very small - no reception for literally a few hundred yards while driving.Based on my current satisfaction with Boost, I would up my stars to 4 now but I am not going to change it at this point because the 3 stars shows my aggravation over the issues I have had.  I guess the proper rating would be 4.5 stars for the S3 (always room for improvement) and 4 stars for Boost.  I have gotten over the bumps and I am pretty certain I will never go back to a contract again. (ok, I did up the stars from 3 to 4 with this update)Yeah, I know, its a book at this point but I figured I'd relate my total experience for those others who are new to smart phones still and/or want to go with a month to month payment methodology rather than a contract in addition to wondering if a Galaxy would be a great phone.

Love the phone. Love the quality of the pictures and the color. But sometimes, it like the phone itself freezes, maybe it's because of boost but other than that, it's a great phone. I'm happy with it.

I was very happy about finding this phone it was used but the price was good, but when i recieved the phone I was disapointed that it was really banged up, and I already had problems and had to buy and replace the battery that came with it cause it was a bad battery.

Boost service4G- only in very few locations. If I go in a building, usually there is no service. Its unlimited - 5GB and after that its 3G. But after I sign up, I get a text from boost saying its been changed to 2.5 GB (same as Virgin Mobile) but $10 more. I won't be able to use 2.5 GB because I can't get service. I use the wifi at home and at businesses. I only use boost service when I am in the car. I was trying to avoid using my work wifi so I can listen to radio and watch some videos but not with this service. Nice part is I can check my emails at  work but since I'm using their server, they can check my emails.The PhoneIts great. I like it. Its worth the money. Now the glitch which pisses me off. IT TURNS IT SELF OFF. Read the other reviews. I thought the people were sensitive. When I leave my phone in my bag or pocket, I notice its off and I have to turn it back on. Not good if someone called you during this time and you didn't know it was OFF. Other than this the phone is fun to play with.FINALIf I could get great 4G service, I would give this a 5 star. I went to my friend's house and my phone got 4G service and everything was super fast and I loved it. But where I live and work, its 3G. Also Boost wont let me down grade my service to 3G. I hope it lets me after my 1st month expires.

My boy was very happy to receive his phone. the only thing the battery that came with it didn't work well but it is minor and I just purchased another battery.

I completely love my phone. I had for a long time the Samsung Transform Ultra, but it stopped working. So, I decided to buy a better phone. I was skeptical about the keyboard, but the screen is big and I don't have any problems with the typing. It is really light and the white looks very cute. I love it!

Don't care that this is a previous generation phone for Samsung Galaxy...it has 4G and all of today's bells and whistles that my wife needs..she had the HTC EVO 4G and this is way better...this is an excellent phone for boost mobile no contract service.

I LOVE LOVE LOVE MY PHONE! It has everything you need and I don't have not even one complaint about it

What a terrible disappointment. Right out of the box, this phone was nothing but trouble. No matter what program I was using, the menu constantly pops up and down, inexplicably, making it impossible to use properly. After a web search, I discovered this is a known hardware issue; referred to as the "Galaxy S2 phantom menu". Samsung is apparently well aware of this issue, yet they still allow this phone to be sold to unwitting consumers. Fortunately, I was able to return it to the vendor for a full refund. Don't waste your time with this phone!

Back has already cracked on side to phone and the phone had absolutely no signal almost everywhere. Hate I wasted 300 dollars.

While the specs on this phone look great, the phone that I have does not come close to living up to my expectations and needs. I went from the LG Marquee to the S2, and while the S2 spec-wise is a much better phone, performance-wise it is really lacking.The Good:Sexy, good-looking phoneRobust build qualityICS operating system has lots of nice features, a big improvement over GingerbreadSize--feels great in my larger hands even in the Otterbox commuter series case I useGreat camera for stills and videoSimple and compact wall chargerBuilt-in proximity sensor for speakerphone calls, etcThe Bad:IMPORTANT: While the S2 is 4G capable, it's wimax 4G not LTE 4G, and wimax 4G will only be around for another year or so!My phone reboots 2-3 times per day, sometimes moreWeak wi-fi receiver--I can be literally 10' away from the router and still have a poor signalWeak cell service receiver. Inside buildings I rarely have more than 1 or 2 bars, and even in the heart of town I have an average of only 3 bars where my previous Boost phone (LG Marquee) would have 5 or more. I have a hard time getting emails because of constant "network unavailable" messages, again I never had these problems with my Marquee or my Samsung Prevail.Pretty lousy battery life. It's very rare that I make it through an entire day without recharging and yes, I'm using Juice Defender Pro and all the other power-saving settings and I'm hardly a heavy talker/browser/streamer3G coverage constantly turns itself off (I have to go into settings to switch it back on) which means no push notifications for emails, texts, etc. VERY ANNOYING!I'm on Boost (which is great BTW!) and just upgraded from the LG Marquee. While I love all the features of ICS, and I love the look and feel of the Galaxy2, its cell and wi-fi reception is pretty darned bad! I'm using the exact same towers as I was on the Marquee, and the difference in reception is huge. While I did have problems with the Marquee freezing while using navigation, the S2 has not frozen on me yet, but, it does reboot several times per day and that's not a good sign.After much consideration, I'm returning the S2 and picking up an HTC Evo 4G LTE instead. If the S2 functioned anywhere close to how it was supposed to it would be a great phone, but as it is it's not going to cut it for my purposes. NOTE: While it is possible that I have a defective phone, if you google "S2 reception problems" you'll see many other who have had the same issues as I have. Wanted to love this phone........too bad......

Excellent phone.. fast, at 4G is unbelievable how fast it is...Only problem is off course.. if you want everything open, battery life is short..But overall is an incredible phone, I suggest without any doubt...

I upgraded to this phone from a self-unlocked Samsung Galaxy Prevail. I put an unlocked OS on it so I could split the SD card to share system memory, otherwise the Prevail does not have enough system space for any amount of apps. This is a HUGE leap forward on BOOST! Its 4G which is super fast when available, but overall the larger screen and beefier OS and memory are a huge plus. This really has changed how I used and think of my phone. It is a fully blooded smartphone for $40 a month unlimited everything (I have been a customer long enough to drop the price down). I like BOOST and have no reception problems. This phone will run through batteries pretty quickly but that is to be expected considering the power being used (and I use it a lot). It is very reasonable though, and if you are conscious about how much battery you are using up it is more than manageable.

This phone is awesome.  No...it isn't the absolute best and most powerful phone on the market. But it's close enough for the deal you get with Boost.  This IS a top tier phone.  And yes, it has unlimited everything.  With Boost's $55/mo. plan that you can shrink to $40/mo....you can't go wrong. (I am grandfathered into the $35/mo.) Where else can you get a high-end, current smartphone with sooooo many bells on 4g with unlimited everything for soo little with no contract? The answer....no-where.  People need to quit whining that this phone is better or that phone is better.  I've had Boost for a long time and their call quality and reliability is better than some of the major carriers.  I have dreamed of being able to get a phone like this native on a Boost account, but figured it would never happen for what I pay monthly.  Well, they did it. I love it. It's awesome...plain and simple.*edit*Since Boosts decision to put a data cap on their "Unlimited" data, I have since jumped ship and changed carriers.  No point in having a second class carrier if the deal isn't exceptional.  Thanks for the years of good times, but looks like the luster is starting to fade from the shine that was Boost.

I loved this phone in the beginning sense my warranty has run out I have had so ma n y issues with it that I must give the phone such a low rating

This is a great phone easy to do whatever you need on the phone. Very simple to run.Great design.Nice color.

I love this phone and boost mobile is a great value and the service is not bad.  It's easy to set up and they have a good website that has an online manual that has all the info you need to use the phone and all the wonderful features.  You can't go wrong with this phone.  Yes the battery doesn't last as long as my other cell phone but it gets me through the day which is all I really need.  I would recommend this phone and boost mobile to anyone looking for a great phone and good service for a great price.

IT'S A VERY GOOD PHONE. MEET MY EXPECTATIVE! HAS MANY APP. IT'S WORTH THE PRICE. THE PRICE IS GOOD. THE TECHNOLOGY IS AWESOME. I VERY PRETTY. I LOVE IT

There is so much more to this phone than I had with my Prevail. I hate that phone.. I can't seem to put my Galaxy down! You will not be disappointed. I do suggest after getting it to google about your phone and find out all the cool tips and tricks to it, because the booklet doesn't come with all this info. I'm in love. Definitely worth the money and can't beat Boost Mobiles monthly pricing. Great service. Runs even better on wifi. I've read alot of reviews on this phone and I haven't complained about the battery so far. Ive been on it constantly . I think the battery life is quite fair. It did get really hot one time while charging it. That kinda scared me.. But I just removed the battery, let it cool down and haven't had the problem since.

Compared to the old phone I had, this thing is super fast.  Very reliable.  Call quality is great!  Pictures look nice as well.  Battery life is ok.  But is to be expected.

its a great phone and i love it! i dont think ive had a better phone than the galaxy s2 4g !(:

I got it so excited and it didn't work, after contacting the maker I was told to send it back for replacement so I did. I got what I thought was a new one...you know the one I paid 339.00 for. Well when I called to change over my card I added to the old phone, I was told it was a used phone????!!!! I expected them to send out a new one right away, still no brand new phone and now I have some refurbished one and I am NOT happy as you can imagine. Then I wanted to add insurance, and was told I can't???? I don't think a special pops person could get a boost agent through their automated phone service, so I'm still sitting here waiting for answers.

I like the features this phone has. I would recommend this phone to all my friends and family.i like it alot

I ordered this phone for my siginicant other and she has not put it down yet. Not to mention, I was extremely happy that my phone carrier covered it. which caused for a Merry Christmas!!

This phone connect to my WiFi the first day I had it . Then it could not connect to my WiFi the following day. I tried at the airport at my job that has public WiFi I think I got a defective product. Replacement on the way let's see what happens.

If I could give this phone 0 stars I would have! This phone sucks! I literally laid not slammed this phone down on my dash board the day after getting it and it cracked the screen. And then 2 weeks to the day it just stopped working! Wouldn't charge, wouldn't turn on (other than the blue light on the top right hand side on the front of it)! So I am out all of that money! And I am beyond frustrated and disgusted. But I just got my new iPhone 4s and I am super pleased! I am now with Verizon instead of boost and I am finally satisfied. And I have been a faithful boost customer for 11 years. But not anymore!

Love it love it...totally love it.  It took no time to get use tol...and its fun to play on. Love it!

You will not get the best service from boost mobile. This phone is also a power hog I can go maybe 6 to 7 hours on a charge using it here and there not constanly. So you might consider in a spare battery or one of those high capacity battery. It is a good phone if you live in a area were you get a good signal. Mine keeps on shut'n off almost on a daily basis it did it the first few days i got it and started doing it again I have had it for 2 months. But it is good on wi fi I never had any problem with it there. over all due to were I live i would just go with another carrier the phone is good.

cannot use this phone in the city I purchased it for. And, now I cannot return it through amazon. This is a total waste.

I give it a 5 rate cause is a good looking phone and works good but the price this sellers sale the phone for is to much and is not worth the price why cause in 2015 sprint ain't going to support WiMax no more you can buy the phone & enjoy it only 1 year next year buy another phone so what is going to happen to this great phone who knows just a waste of money I hate sprint is garbage virgin mobile & boost mobile same thing garbage I had all this 3 garbage companies no good slow Internet signal & 3g was never there 4g was like it was never for this phone smh I say go with verizon or at&t or tmobile :) I have tmobile

Love it, Its large and has a beautiful screen. The price was cheaper than the actually boostmobile website.Didnt get here on time but a day later isnt bad

Love my phone. I'm using it know to do the review.  Light weight.  Love the white color, easy to find.

Awesome phone!!  Best investment ever made!  Fast, easy to use, and takes great pictures!  If you're looking for a phone this is the one to buy!

I rated the Samsung Galaxy S II 4G's performance as Five stars because it's daily performance is always five star.  It exceeds the manufacturers claims in all that it does, it is fast, the battery maintains power at least eight hours, it has more internal memory than I have used to date, the camera takes amazing pictures, and it always maintains signal.  I would recommend this product to all my friends and to anyone who asked.

best phone ive ever had except ehere i live the 4g dont work but all is good i still love the phone =)

I've never owned a smartphone and was intimidated to learn to use one, but I was able to pick this up and figure it out without using the manual. It is fun, powerful, runs all but the very latest games (Need For Speed Most Wanted plays like a dream), and has expandable memory.The network speeds are usually on the low end and Boost Mobile has a deceptive payment system, where they charge an additional $5.40 on top of whatever they say your monthly fees will be. It is also unclear from their website if you can set autopay and the shrinkage plan at the same time. When I signed up for service, I hit auto pay and thought that I was covered. When I checked my account, it only says that I need to make another payment soon. If I try to edit plans to turn on autopay and shrinkage, it says they're both on, then when I reload my plan it says I'm still on manual payments.This confusion and what looks like an intentional system set up to make people mess up their shrinkage-required on-time payments is unacceptable and I will NEVER make the mistake of buying a phone through Boost Mobile again. I plan on keeping this for no more than a year, and dumping it for a different carrier as soon as possible.Back to the phone: In the month that I've owned it, the only problem I've had was from an application crashing, but that was easily solved by Googling the name of the error and simply pressing a few buttons to clear a cache. Since then it's been running without a problem.The Google app store has lots of amazing apps, you can turn your phone into a musical instrument, a scientific calculator, and a ton of other things. The best apps tend to cost a buck or five, but if you can afford this phone you should be able to afford that easily. If you can't, there are a ton of ad-supported free apps that will get you by.The phone itself gets 5 stars, but since it's tied to Boost, and I'm stuck with it for now, I'm giving this particular version of it only 2. Their entire payment model is based around "in 16 months it'll be cheaper", but it only took me one month of ambiguity for me to distrust Boost, and there's no way I'll be staying for 16 or more.I don't mind people voting that this comment was unhelpful, but would you mind leaving a comment to explain why as well so I can see why you think my lack of a recommendation is flawed.

This is the best Boost Mobile phone thus far. Huge screen and fast performance. I bought two of these phones and they are both excellent.

this is a great product for the money and will recommend again and again to any friends. Can't complain it's great!

I used this phone for about 3 months and now it's sitting in a drawer. It's garbage. Crashes all the time. Slow. Impossible to navigate. I like the size, though. And it takes better pictures than my Droid Mini I got to replace it. And the battery life is worse than any phone I, or my wife, has ever owned.

hello I returned my package because I'm from Venezuela and tlf not working and no reimbursement happened with me not yet have devuleto

Nice phone. Very thin but fast. I'm still learning the phone. They is a lot to learn on the phone.  It can be slippery so just buy a case and it will not feel slippery at all. I would definitely recommend this phone.

Well I'll start by saying that I am boost mobile customer for over a year, I have not had any problems with the service so far.Update my old phone with this Samsung Galaxy s2, but unfortunately does not run on 4g. I know Boost mobile that runs Winmax 4g truth is not 4g, it is actually 3.9g. But it is faster than the 3gWell the phone is super fast, faster than my old HTC, the battery lasts all day talking normal and running some applications.The point is that the phone does not run on winMAX 4g  only runs3g. Boost mobile does not know about this issue  they think that this Galaxy s2 is running perfect but the truth is NOT.If you are looking for Faster data go over other carrier.For me it works well even if I would love to run something faster  for the web.The pros and cons are in a personal way and I'm not a professionalPros :1.- Its Super AMOLED display, and 1.2GHz processor allows you to multitask efficiently.2.- 4.3" jumbo screen3.- 16M-colors4.- Super AMOLED Plus capacitive touchscreen5.- Large16GB internal storage and microSD slot which can be filled with a 32GB card6.- Heavy light weight (116g)Cons :1.- Only runs on 3g NETO no Winmax 4G2.- Mono audio recording3.- Alarm wont wake you up if the phone is turned off4.- On the SWYPE keyboard the mic button is horribly prone to be accidentally hit

I gave this to my Son for his Birthday. He LOVES it!!! He was amazed by all the functionality, quality, and clarity this phone provides. I wished I had brought the warranty, because he dropped the phone on the sidewalk and shattered the screen. He found a place to have it repaired and is happy as a lark again! He watches movies, checks email, etc. and brags about the long battery charge (much longer than my iPhone). I would recommend this item.

Phone is great. Even if a couple of years old, this is a great phone to buy. It runs current software and is powerful enough to run pretty much any app out there.

THIS PHONE ARRIVED WITHOUT MICRO CARD.IT IS A NEW PHONE HOW CAN YOU SHIP IT WITHOUT MICRO CARD? .

I'm pretty happy with this phone. It's better than my last one, and as contract free phones go, you really can't do better.

No doubt this is a great phone great apps great looks. My only problem with this phone is that it promises &#34;4G&#34; service oh and it does have 4G service. But what they don't advertise is the fact that you will only have the 4G service in certain places ok like for instance in my town, Baltimore after visiting more than 3 different Boost Mobile dealers what I found out was that the &#34;4G&#34; service is only offered and or has not been extended past the downtown area. well I don't live downtown and I think I could've gotten a better deal with cricket I would had the phone ( Galaxy 4 even) and the no contract as well for much much less

Just learning all the things I can do with this phone.I just wish they had better games installed in it.

I bought this for my mother for Mother's day, and since it was almost double what I paid for my LG android, I expected something superior.  1. Very dissapointed with the display, very average, frankly lackluster, bad graphics.  2.  very rudementary settings, not a lot to play with.  and 3.  The most disappointing so far has been the Boost service. She cannot get reception in her own home, the internet (4G!) times out and web sites do not display and that's a regular thing.  I have had Boost for about 3 years now myself, and I am experiencing problems, like getting a business voice mail two days after it was sent, same with messages, etc.  Would think twice now about investing $200 + in a phone that is ony usable with this mobile company, which seems to be going down in service.

This phone is everything I need and more. It does what everyone els's phone is doing for a fraction of the price. My three children have iphone 4/4S and I can honestly say it is equivalent to all of theres. I absolutely love it.

I have had my phone for about 6 months, its never gave me any problems. Videos play great, games run very well and sound is good. All my phone calls are clear and never have dropped calls, that's important to me.I love the screen and color is great, it may not be the largest screen but at 4.52 `` its good. If your thinking of getting a S,II for the price there great phones.

This phone is the best phone I have ever had It can be configerd  and it works bout every place I have been all on Boost all for $55, I will save $100s with this phone.

Hello my name is vanessa and I would like to tell my problem, I bought a cell phone that goes by the name &#34;Samsung Galaxy S II 4G Prepaid Android Phone, White (Boost Mobile)&#34; it was about november 26, I live in Venezuela the cell phone arrived the january 12, so i went to pick up my phone at Liberty Express in caracas, when I realize the phone that I bought is CDMA technology unfortunately here in Venezuela we only have GSM technology, so I can&#8217;t use this phone, to tell you the truth I&#8217;m worry because it is an investment that I made and can&#8217;t be use here,  the smartphones in Venezuela only have chip, we don&#8217;t have smartphones CDMA, so I would like you to change the cell phone with one that is GSM technology if I have to pay a difference of Money, it doesn&#8217;t matter I will pay I really hope that you can help me, appreciate that you drop a replySincerelyVanessa

The vibration is a feature that can be turned on and off....Read Your Manual! This Phone is Amazing! I have only had a problem with a memory card error and I think that is the card not the phone!

We thought buying a used phone would be better because of saving money, but it is not worth it.  Too many problems.  You pay for what you get.

I got this one for my wife, and now I want one for myself! Works like a charm! Totally worth buying!!

Loved everything about it. It works great, looks great and the price was great too. I would definitely recommend this to someone looking to buy this phone.

Got mine first and hubby just got his today... Like that it has built in memory so a sd card isn't a super necessity right away

Great phone. Best phone boost has made. It's fast and the screen is great for my kids movies.Must have this phone if your aa boost customer

Phone itself was fine but tried to activate with boost mobile and they said there is a lock on it through sprint

This is a great phone with great features.  Also, the price I got it for on Amazon was great.  It is the last cell phone I ever intend to buy.  And I love that it is white rather than the standard black.

I have had no issues with it yet, Knock on my mother-in -law!!!!! Price was right. I'm happy, Happy,Happy !

Update #2:Shortly after my last update, Boost actually got everything working. So after several months of use, I've updated to 3 stars to reflect my current impression of the phone and service.  I'll leave my original review and update #1 below for new purchasers and context.  For this update I'll tackle the phone and service provider separately.First, let's take Boostmobile as a service provider:Startup - 0 Stars: As stated in my original review there were some huge startup issues for me, almost to the point of me switching carriers.  The difficulty in reaching a real live customer service tech is a sure sign that they don't want to deal with you.  After numerous hours on the phone, and after many call backs on my part, Boost eventually got everything working. As stated below, I do believe much of the issue was based on the fact that I was a Sprint user prior to transferring, so this may not be an issue for you.3G/4G/data service - 3 stars:  When in the city, the service works well as advertised.  Occassionally though when travelling or on the outskirts of a major city, I'm able to make calls, but the data service doesn't work, so no access to emails etc.  If the data connection is important to you and you travel, I'd go with one of the big 3 providers.  Also, the Wimax 4G is nice when the phone can find it, which isn't very often.Price - 5 stars: The long term cost saving are the reason we are on Boost in the first place.Second, my thoughts on the phone:4 stars - The phone is a 5 star phone (minus 1 star for the infrequent freeze up as stated below).  I really like the phone, it's got a great screen, Android runs smoothely on it, the battery life is good.  All in all, I can see myself keeping this phone for quite some time.  The only negative is the fact that about once a week, it'll just freeze up.  I'm hoping the latest update will address that issue, but it's too early to tell at this point.  I purchased the warranty, so I'll consider swapping it out for a new one if the update doesn't fix the freeze issue.Overall, I'd recommend the phone given some caveats based on my prior feedback.------1st, I've had the phone for about a week, and I've already had to pull the battery twice due to it freezing up for an extended period of time. I really like the phone (when it works) but something appears to be wrong with it.  I had the HTC Evo previously and don't recall having this issue.2nd, Boost has been unable to get the voicemail working at all when they transferred my number.  I've had to call numerouse times and log multiple tickets. Getting a phone transferred shouldn't be this big of a headache. They don't call or follow up at all, so you have to call every 2-3 days to get any forward action.I really want it to work out, but the phone is most likely going back and I'll be switching carriers.  I'll give it a few more days to see if the phone locks up again and to see if they are able to get my voicemail working.  I'll update again either way.Update: 2+ weeks and Boost has still not been able to get my voicemail working, plus it froze up again. The customer service is frustratingly funny, I have to laugh at it.  Anyway, I will be sending it back.  I may try the Samsung Galaxy 2 on StraightTalk because I really like the phone, and I'm hoping it doesn't have any freezing issues.Sprint users: If you transfer your number to Boost, you won't be able to transfer back to Sprint.  I had issues a couple of years ago related to a Boost-to-Sprint transfer, and actually had to do an interim switch to a 3rd carrier.  Anyway, this time around, I believe this may be part of the issue with my voicemail not working -  the fact that I was transferring my number from Sprint to Boost (same network, same company).  Just a guess though.

Better than galaxy prevail by far... but still has it's quircks.  It resetted itself and it's apps so that was annoying.  but still good quality phone

Item was returned because of the phone carrier's lack of customer service. The phone, itself, was beautiful. Samsung doesn't disappoint with the huge screen and beautiful picture and video quality. My info from my old Samsung was connected to my Google account and transferred without me having to go through a lot of manual work. I loved the phone but I don't ever recommend going with the carrier or their parent company.

This phone is awesome, it had met my expectations! It is fast and  have yet to freeze or reboot on during a call life my previous phone.

He liked it was able to spend time on the phone with his girl and the two of them work on some homework over the phone.

I had a dinosaur phone and procrastinated about purchasing a new phone until my phone stopped working completely. I looked everywhere to find a phone from Boost Mobile since when you are with Boost you have to pay the full price for the phone. I looked for the specs on the phone ans saw that it met all of my needs. I purchased the phone and it has been a joy! I wanted the S III but being on a budget it works for me! Enjoy...I know I am!

This phone is nice for boostmobile, but it is very expensive for what it is. Everything seems to work fine, but the professional reviews exaggerate several of its features. For example, reviews pretty unanimously rave about the camera. Yes, it is good for a phone, but it is only equal to a $50 stand-alone digital camera. The wifi radio is weak, since my routers produce very strong signals that everything with wifi rate as 5 bars consistently. This phone rates it as one bar, and occasionally two. The phone radio is weak, as is the data radio for 3G and 4G. My 7 year old nokia has a much stronger phone radio. The screen is nice and everything works quite quickly, but then again, we are talking about a half a second or so faster than a much cheaper phone. For the no contract price for boostmobile, I was expecting the phone to be cased in gold!... not really, but you get the point. Setup on boostmobile was effortless on line, which is the way I like to do everything and not have to talk with a person in India. Boostmobile everything plan is great, so far, but this phone is just OK for the price.UPDATE 08/13Wifi has improved with the updates, so wifi, as well as 3G and 4G are stronger now. It is a wonderful phone after more than 6 months of use, but battery drains quickly even with GPS turned off as well as 4G, and even 3G when I do not need it.

I spent 4 years suffering under my Blackberry's rule. I decided to hit a casino while on vacation, and won $300 on a game! When I got back home to Atlanta, I ordered this phone right away. Great apps, smooth transitions, and a pretty reliable network.

I'm currently writing this review on this phone, I do love my phone. I bought this phone off Amazon for half price in like new condition a couple weeks ago, coming from the HTC one V from virgin mobile this is a big upgrade. The processor is fast and I do have alot of apps running sometimes, maybe about twelve so it will overheat. I do suggest you buy a new battery for it, if it over heats and you can't figure it out why, it's because you battery is bad and you should buy a new one! I bought a new battery for this phone and it doesn't over heat anymore. I really suggest you update your phone from ics to jellybean, it completely changes the whole phone and makes it almost not buggy! Look up the new update for this phone and be amazed by your device! I was going to purchase the s3,but decided to go with this phone and I can't be happier. Of course it's not perfect and sometimes you might get frustrated. But it runs correctly about 95% of the time and that's good enough for me! As far as wimax goes, 4g works great in most areas of Las Vegas where I'm located, I have ran into some issues but I just restart the network or update the prl periodically, I like 4g!

I love this new phone & the service with boost is great & for a great price. I had no really issue assigning my already existing boost service with this new phone even though I didn't buy the phone at a physical boost store or their online store.

I love this phone. I bought one for myself and one for my teenaged daughter. I love the camera, the speed, the memory capacity. It hasn't caused me any issues with dropped calls or freezing up on me. Call quality is great! I work at a Boost call-center. I made this purchase knowing Boost customers love the phone. This is not a phone that people have complaints about.

I'm so glad I brought this phone for my 15 year old daughter - for a child it's just ok as kids have a keener sense of brand name than quality. I couldn't beleive the asking price for this flimsy phone is $300+The operating system is top notch as expected for Google but the hardware feels like low grade plastic - even the screen is like plexi-glass; needless to say I was very disappointed by the value in respect to the price point.The forward facing camera is nice and the pictures using the traditional camera were actually clear with good quality but in my opionion Samsung sacrificed too much quality in exchange for a lighter weight phone. If that's the case ...no problem but don't charge people $300+ like it's even remotely close to the buld quality of a phone like the HTC G2 or the Iphone.

I thought I was buying a phone that I could use. Not a phone without the battery or the back!!!! I will never buy another phone on your site EVER AGAIN!!!Ridiculous

i had some quirks with the phone about a month after i got it and thought it was the service provider...come to find out i got a bad phone!!!...2 months in and it got worse with it automatically shutting off and clicking while on a call and now i have to turn it on and off everyday to keep it working and it needs charging every 10 hrs!!!...not happy and apparently i missed the return/exchange date!!!Amazon...HELP!

My Samsung galaxy s2 was a very good investment . It was a definite upgrade from my last phone & is doing me well . The only issue I have with it is it freezes quite often & the battery dies fast other than that its good.

Its a great phone it has the best processor in the line of phones offered by Boost and it has a full 1080p camera. The downside is that battery life is crappy.

I am pretty sure amazon sent me a defective phone, options menu pops up repeatedly for no reason making it frustrating while texting or doing anything on my phone. When it's not freaking out its a pretty awesome phone, love the screen, size, camera.

I love this phone. it is excellent...best phone i've ever had! I'm glad i bought his phone though i could have done without it's pricy tag. Anyways, my only problem with this phone is that it keeps showing a message that the SD drive is removed even if it's in. the sd drive as at the back with the battery and i never open the back.otherwise it's a really awesome phone with too many great features for someone like me who knows practically nothing about technology, as my brother says...it is wasted on me.i would recommend this to anyone! I love it!^^

This phone keeps messing up. i hate it. its a complete waste of my money. i only used it for about 2 months straight this year and samsung has had to fix it everytime. gosh i wish i can get my money back.

I had the phone for two hours before it turned itself off. It will not turn back on. I paid extra to have it here today and went through an hour long phone call to have my old number transferred and paid for a month of service and now... I have no phone. $370 (for phone, shipping and service) is not exactly what I would call a reasonable price for two hours :( I sure hope Amazons amazing customer service department can fix this horrendous SNAFU ASAP.

I really liked this phone. I do not like how the memory card has to go beside the battery as opposed to on the side like I'm used to. I wish I would've had more time with this phone, but I don't mind since my upgrade was to the S4. The phone was light weight and about the same size as my previous phone. This phone did influence my decision to get the S4. I like the picture frame option for the wallpaper. If you want any specifics, just ask.

Switching from AT&T; to Boost Mobile was one of the best decisions I've ever made.But, with switching, I would not be able to continue to use my iPhone.This phone beats the iPhone 4 ten-fold.My ONLY issue with this phone is the battery life.It will last 1 day with not much use, or 6-7 hours with heavy use (Games, music, wifi, 4g, etc).But, there happens to be an amazing battery/backing for sale on amazon.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006SK5HHW/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i01With this new battery, my phone lasts up to 5 days with heavy usage!If you get the phone and a larger battery (Not necessarily the one I linked), you will be a very happy S2 owner.

Stay away from the Virgin Mobile version of this phone.  I would not recommend this headache to anyone.  I bought this phone for my mother because I have owned both the Galaxy SII and Galaxy SIII.  I love the Galaxy and I'd preach it's goodness to anyone who would listen - BUT - I am not happy with the service provided through Virgin Mobile.  It's one of those too good to be true kind of things.  We researched her area for signal strength before we purchased it, but when we got it it still doesn't have a signal. Indoors OR outdoors.  My mom goes for days without having any signal at all, and when we took it into the VM store we were told that because we purchased it from the VM website they could not help us. We would have to call the VM hotline.  Well how do you expect us to do that if the only phone she has is the phone that doesn't work? On wifi, it's amazing; however, when you need to rely on Virgin Mobile's data/talk plan you will NOT have a phone to work with. No texts, no voice, no data.

I bought it cause it supose to be a nice phone and is cheap but not even on the month latter I bought it it just start having a little dificulties until they just freeze alot and turn on and off by it self. So for me the phone dont work and cant have a money back or replacement, hope you have more luck.

This phone has everything i need , and I love the big screen. A lot of apps  so easy to manage

Phone is complet,i recived it on time however im still wating on my lcd screen protectors;( overall im satisfied will recomend

Phone and service are great. I did have it charging and dropped it on the cord while plugged in. Now it's messed up. Easy fix. Overall great phone,  great deal. Can't complain.  :-)

Ok I really LOVE THIS PHONE!!!!!!!It is an amazing upgrade from my lg marquee, the screen is beautiful, big and sleek. The overall quality of the phone and the android system is great, and the camera and video is AMAZING. And for the monthly price with boost makes it a really good deal.

Worst phone ever! I've had more problems with this phone. Sent it back to Samsung for repair, got it back and 2 months later need to send back again. Two friends have had the same problems.Don't waste your money! Run from this phone!

For the amount its ok. Samsung is good quality and Boost mobile is cheap. Cant complain. Highly recommend the item.

I decided to switch carriers, they offered to buy my phone back. When they were entering the phone's info in their system it showed that my phone was not an authentic Samsung product.

Fast, beautiful and powerful. Has great internal memory for apps, expandable memory and great resolution. Takes amazing pics and video. A+

I'll keep this short and sweet.  I work 12-14 hour days on a graveyard shift, open stores are a luxury in my line of work.  I ordered this phone early this morning at work, by 9am I had an email recd stating I was denied... yet my accessories were already shipped.  I had to make my own time, sleep suffering the ordeal to go down to the local AT&T; store to find out why I was denied. They had no idea, but I was approved and out the door within 10 minutes with my new phone.  I am highly disappointed with Amazon's screening process for cell activation.  I'll continue to buy accessories and anything else that doesn't need a credit screening. This was some absolute BS and I am highly irritated by not only the denial, but the brief email that was sent."Hello from Amazon.We apologize for any inconvenience; however, we are currently unable to complete your order request.At this time, we recommend placing future orders for wireless service directly through the service provider of your choice.Thank you for your interest in Amazon.com."How vague was that? I'm appalled with the service. I am posting this as not a rant, but as a notice to future buyers. Sometimes, even if you can't find the time to speak to an actual person, it may be worth it in the long run.I rate the phone 5 stars, its absolutely amazing, but if I could rate Amazon's service? Is there a minus star option available?

i bought this for my girlfriend and now she doesnt even know when im around anymore. she is glued to this phone. its very nice.

Simply a great useful device.  Navigation in strange cities, trail maps, organizing meetup events, synchronizing with other devices for email, calendar and contact info, finding restaurants and other places, etc.

to whom it may concern  i have found a better deal so i am not getting this cell phone.thanks anyway,Samsung I8190 Galaxy S III Mini Unlocked Android Smartphone - WhiterespectfullyJody Collyer

This is the best phone I've owned on Boost. Screen is big, phone weight is extremely light. I had a smaller phone before this and that phone weighs more than the GS2. Best phone on Boost Mobile!

I love this phone. I am typing my review on it now. Love the screen , the phone is fast and responsive. This is definitely a keeper.

I bought this phone straight from Boost on Black Friday in Titanium Gray color. I had an LG Marquee before this phone and what an upgrade it has been. No lags or jitters at all. Battery life could be better, but I get a full 12 hours of moderate use out of it including some youtube videos over wifi and few hours on reddit. Sprint does not have WiMax where I live so I keep 4g off all the time, I am sure your battery life will be a little worse when on 4g but I cannot comment on that. The screen is gorgeous even compared to the bright screen on LG Marquee. When I switched the phone over, Boost reset my account back to $55 a month and I had to call them again to fix it and add my shrinkage status back on. I recommend calling them to activate this phone rather that doing it online.The main reason I bought this phone is the camera and I have definitely not been disappointed. It can definitely replace a point and shoot in daylight settings. Night shots are very grainy just like any point and shoot and even the bright LED can only do so much. It will definitely not replace my DSLR for night shots. I shoot video on 720p only and have noticed it is a quite smoother compared to 1080p recording. The auto focus hunts a lot during video and can lead to quite a few seconds of blurry footage when moving the phone around. Call quality coming from the LG Marquee has been a night and day difference. Calls sound much clearer on the earpiece speaker and the speakerphone and the callers can hear me perfect. One big upgrade has been the signal strength of this phone. My LG Marquee had anywhere between 30% and 50% time without signal under the battery usage option in settings. On this phone it has been consistently under 1% and mostly it is at 0%.The phone is very slim and light considering its size. Comfortable to hold but I do have big hands. This phone shipped with ICS stock and going by the prior record at Boost, I doubt we will ever see JB upgrade.Now the cons:This phone has a serious wifi bug or maybe I have a hardware problem in my phone. Around 50% of the time it will not connect to wifi unless I turn the wifi on and off again.The phone randomly shuts off a few times a week. I take it out of my pocket and realise it has been off. I have not been able to exactly pin point any reason why it has been doing that. It could be a battery issue or some app not playing nice. One thing I have noticed is that the battery takes a huge hit every time it happens. For example, my battery would be at 50%. I check it after about half an hour and the phone is off, the battery was at around 15%. From what I have gathered reading online, battery is the most likely culprit. I just ordered an extended battery from Amazon today and will update this review after using the new battery for a few days. I did call Boost mobile about this but it has been more than a month since I bought this phone and they referred me to Samsung. I was told by Samsung to send the phone in for a "checkup" which would take about ten days. I would rather live with the problem than to go back to the Marquee for even one day. If it does reboots even with the new battery I will just switch to some custom ROM even though I stopped doing that after destroying quite a few phones.

My wife lovs this phone. The ring tones are loud and its light weight. I really recomend this to anyone.

Samsung quality as expected, works great. Only con so far is with the volume of the speaker - it is not as loud as my previous phone (galaxy prevail), and call volume is lower as well.

good condition, no scratches , works fine, fast delivery. Was what I hope gonna be. Ohone works like new. No complains at all.

great phone not too big not to smalljust the right size if you text a lot or always using apps

We received the phone in less than 4 business days. The charging port did not work (I am assuming the shipping caused the port to become loose, we just had to adjust the port and screw the phone back together). Other than this little hiccup, the phone is awesome. It came with lots of extras including a cover, car charger, ear buds, and a USB cord. I am very happy with the purchase.I would have given this 5 stars if it wasn't for the charging issue. I am impressed with how quickly the seller responded to the issue. They were willing to refund/replace the phone with no questions asked. I will do business with this seller again.

The phone features are great and I love the bigger screen which is easier on the eyes. However, the phone keep shutting off on it's own every other day or so. I contacted Samsung and they had me reset the phone, that did not work as the problem still exist. Samsung now recommend sending the phone in for repair, this process will take over 2 weeks to ship the phone to Samsung, trouble shooting and repair, and getting the phone shipped back to me. In the meantime I will be out of a phone because neither Samsung or Boost Mobile will provide a loaner phone.

My phone came a day earlier than expected and it was very well packaged! I'm a happy customer, no complaints.

This guy is full of cramp.These phones are not in good condition, he sent me another one and the phone was in worst condition and another one was sent in a bad condition, so I gave up. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM! You'll be Sorry!

From my experience with Samsung Galaxy II, I think am going to stick with the Samsung family for a while. If your looking for a touch screen phone that can receive emails, take pictures, videos and surf the web CLEARLY. Then this is your phone. I cannot complain about the features on the phone. Now some the issues that you need to be aware of is that sometimes the service can suck. Boost mobile uses its service from Sprint, so you might get excellent coverage while in other areas you simply don't. The monthly payment are neat, I am currently paying only 40 dollars since I have been with Boost for like over a year since they take off 5 dollars everything with shrinkage payments.Also another thing to keep in mind that I think all phones have problems with now a days is battery life. You betcha! This phone sucks up a lot of juice, which means you have to charge it everyday depending on how often you use it. Good phone, eventually  will replace it with a higher model someday.

This phone was great for the 7 months i had it until i received a high voltage message n my phone just goes on an off is useless now i went to boost since my service is from boost mobile n they said this phone is discontinued from all boost stores because it came out defected :( i regret not getting insurance i could of got the s3.for $50

My first experience with the phone was initially great, but then one day the phone on its heated up.  I attempted to turn the phone off and remove the battery thinking maybe it just needed to cool down, but this did not help at all as the battery continued to burn itself out.  Eventually the whole phone crashed.  I gave it a four due to the retailers prompt response and deliver of a new phone.  The volume is low on the speak phone but besides the battery mishap everything is working well on the current phone.....to be continued if this situation happens again.

I used to have a blackberry curve 8530, so this was a big step up for me. I loveee this phone!! Typing is super fast when using swiftkey (not a free app, but decent priced - very handy!). It's super fast, I have no issues with it. The internet's like 10x faster compared to my old phone, probable because of the 3g. The display screen is very bright and nice! The quality of the camera's amazing for something that came from a phone! The only complaints I have about this phone is the fact that it doesn't have a dedicated camera button. As far as I know, you can't turn off the camera noise (the sound when you take a picture, unless you download an app). The battery life isn't that good either. :c For everything else, this phone is amazing and I'm very happy!

The phone is equipped with an Exynos dual-core processor clocked at 1.2 GHz, which is complemented by a Mali-400MP graphics processing unit and 1GB of RAM. On the inside, the Epic 4G Touch packs 16GB of internal memory, which can be further expanded up to 32GB via microSD memory card.There's also an impressive 8-megapixel camera on the back, which features autofocus, LED flash and full HD (1080p) video recording, as well as a secondary 2-megapixel front-facing camera for video calls.

buenas noches amigos tengo una queja de este equipo  en Venezuela no funciona este equipo y  no le puedo poner ninguna linea  aqu&iacute; sin mas nada que decir  saludos

Great phone. Easy to use, download applications, message, and so on. Everything you need in one place. Makes your life easier, perhaps too easy.

I love this phone I made a wise decision when I brought it. The only thing is that I'm sorry Boost Mobile didn't sell the Galaxy lll, I would have brought that one. I didn't want to change companies. But I'm so happy with my new phone!

I NEED TO KNOW IF THIS CELL PHONE IS UNLOCKED AND CAN I USE THIS CELL PHONE IN COLOMBIA COUNTRY?

I refuse to be locked into another contract.  I've had both Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile since kicking the postpaid plans to the curb.  Both providers use the Sprint network and both offer satisfactory service.  The only drawback with prepaid is that there is no roaming available at all.  Ever.  (Unless you use MetroPCS, but they charge a lot for it.)  So, if you live in the sticks or spend a lot of time away from the metropolitan areas with abundant towers, don't bother with prepaid.  I live in NJ and only had a problem getting a signal after Superstorm Sandy came and wiped out a bunch of towers.  My service is back to normal now.About the phone:  Easy to use, lots of apps available, clear screen, and great sound quality.  The navigation feature works better than my temperamental Garmin GPS. This device has everything I need and want in a phone and I don't have to pay out of my rear end for it every month.  With Boost, it's $55/month, unlimited data, texting, and domestic calling.  And for every 6 months you pay on time, they knock $5 off your payment.  I'll be down to $45/month in two months.  Also, unlike the prepaid 3G i-phone that is now being offered by Boost and Virgin, the Galaxy S II runs on a 4G network.  Pages actually load faster on my phone than on my crappy laptop.  I'm happy with my purchase and take pride in the fact that I have not yet become an i-sheep.  If you want to save money every month and don't care about having the very latest phone, get yourself a Galaxy S II with Boost or Virgin.  Buy yourself a few CDs or MP3s or Kindle books with the money you save.

Phone stopped working after 2 weeks. I was very disappointed. The phone is a great phone to have but it kept cutting off and wouldn't come back on.

This phone is amazing and it performs flawlessly, it has all the bell & whistles that I like without the torture of a contract, it's probably not the very latest model, but its close to the latest technology. Also Boost Mobile is one of the easiest activation process that I ever experienced, just follow the instructions provided and viola in less that 5 min you're ready to go. I personally suggest the 5$ insurance, it will save you lots of headache. The phone is 4.6 ounces lightweight (compare to HTC EVO) big screen 4.5in Super AMOLED, 1.2 GHz dual core processor, 1GB of RAM, 8 mp cam with flash, 1080p HD video recording, really!! Wow!, 2 mp front cam, 1800 mah battery, 16GB internal storage, removable storage up to 32GB, gorgeous white color. Make sure you charge the battery very well before a heavy usage.UPDATE: 10.8.12 Boost Apps are buggy, just uninstall them or disable them.

The more Samsung products I purchased the more I fall in love with the company and this phone is no exception... GREAT products, customer service and all around the BEST!!!

i love it it does every thing you nedd i would love to buy galaxy s3 now since i bought this exclent phone

The phone is neat and has lots of features, problem is the battery drains quickly and the auto power saving software puts it to sleep at times while in the middle of performing a task, ...so you have to power up again sometimes starting over to accomplish what you've started. Also, when powering off from the touch screen instead of the off/on button, my phone frezzes up and only responds after removing and reinserting the battery. Bottom line, having to charge the battery seemingly every few hours is a drag and causes concern over how many times the battery may need to be replaced over the life of the phone.

Hello I'm Debbie Anne Paul of MoJAVE, CALIFORNIA...First I have to say how Iam in-love with Samsung Products their SO wonderful, well made, especially their tv's, stereos, etc., especially the Samsung*GalaXy*Phones I've purchased like Samsung NET10, GalaXy*PREvail, GalaXy PREvail*2 then my Samsung GalaXy S*2 I've had lotsa Samsung products but love my Samsung Galaxy S*2 which I've had approximately 8 months & truly {I love this phone} :') it does pretty much all I need from a smartphone and new & different things pop-UP with updates, etc.,...Any one out there thinking about purchasing a Samsung Galaxy S*2 Smartphone an is on the fence undesided I urge You to get it, try it out dont think youll be disappointed :)  ;') Now go purchase youre Samsung GalaXy S*2... ENjoy! Sincerely, debbie ann Paul of Santa Clarita, Cali

I love this phone. I have had a hard time putting it down since I bought it. Everything about this phone is great and I have no compaints at all. Definetly worth my money.

I bought this phone for my wife who has boostmobile and the phone itself is fast. No freezes, great phone multitasking and the design is good but it feels kinda cheap because is made of plastic. Which i dont like because Ive been using an iphone 4 for the last 2 years and i really like the design of the iphone 4/4S/5 and  iOS (when jailbroken) but i do like android also because of all the customization options. The only down side is that indoor this phone losses at lot the signal. even more than my iphone 4 which as you may know had a big antena problem (antennagate), and the internet seems to be very slow most of the time, i know that is on the company side and not the phone itself so thats why im not taking out stars for the product. Hopefully soon sprint will finnish with the updates of the towers and the service will be improved. To sprint, boostmobile and virgin mobileOverall if you want a great phone on boostmobile the samsung galaxy SII is the best one in boosmobile right now

not a good phone, battery life is not good it dies when your not using it and when u reset it the battery dies in 30 min, there is never internet connection and apps always crash on it and camera sucks and 3g sucks on it too if you like a phone that dies in two seconds this one is for you

I bought it  when i went to active it I couldn't. The phone  somehow already had an account for it. No one could help me and no one knew how that happened because it was new from the box. Point I had to return it and amazon didn't have any more.And no one knows how or how it happened.

It's hard to work the features because the menu don't tell you anything about them and when you type in the same word, it don't come out correct

Pros: This phone is very fast. Plenty of space for apps and images. I like the new Android OS (Ice Cream Sandwich). By far the best phone Boost has to date.Cons: I've owned the phone for two months now and the only negative thing is the short battery life. If I play too much angry birds the battery won't last an entire day.

I love it, I don't need a whole lot of fancy stuff, this phone does the basics and more. I am very satisfied!!

Great phone love it useit for everything ...can even talk to my kids via skype you you really really really really really really really really. Love it

Battery life is terrible.This is my third Galaxy 2 so I just returned it and I am trying The Venice.I hope I have better luck with this model.

By alex - See all my reviewsThis review is from: Samsung Galaxy S II 4G Prepaid Android Phone, White (Boost Mobile) (Wireless Phone Accessory)Gentlemen, I ordered the characteristic of the cell was to be released and for GSM chip and there went q was released but I was not sent the I await your response as my pack is faulty and replace it with one that has GSM MODEL BUT SAME TEAM PLEASE How I can contact the store with you to buy the phone I want the qSamsung Galaxy S II 4G Prepaid Android Phone, GSM CHIP published RELEASED SOLO ESPERO SU RESPUESTA Y LE AGRADEZCO SU COLABORACION LO MAS PRONTO POSIBLE GRACIAS ESTARE PENDIENTE PARA ASI HACER LA DEVOLUCION DEL EQUIPO CON LAS CARACTERISTICA Q DESEO GRACIA ESTE ES MI CORREO alexcegarra576@gmail.com ya q hice la compra de ese equipo y deseo cambiarlo por que les digo gracias desde venezuela

iit shuts down sometimes by its self! the look are good!

I choose this rating because, the phone is brand new, came in its original packaging and everything inside was new, nothing missing and so far it works great!

I ordered this phone, and am very disappointed in the product. I realize it's not a brand new phone, but for $180.00, I should have a pretty descent phone. But for all the scratches, dings & dints, I paid too much. I never even plugged the phone up r inserted the battery, to see if it worked. The outside was too disappointing for me

this phone is unbelievable. i have owned many phones in the past and nothing even comes close to this baby!

The phone came with no problem exactly what they advertised everything was there in a sealed box no problems when we activated it at boost.

Love the sleek look. Image quality is crystal-clear superb. Very user-friendly...I haven't found the need to refer to the manual for anything yet. So many amazing features...too many to list. I purchased it directly from the Boost Mobile Web-site when it was on sale for $279. Best phone ever! It also came with a Samsung Bluetooth headset that I also love. It has so many wonderful apps...I love the "Tap & Speak" feature. It allows you to command your phone to call, text, play music, navigate, or switch to "Driving Mode". So Cool!!!! The camera on this phone is okay...I've had better. The battery life is not very impressive either...I have to recharge at the end of every day. I also wish this phone came with a micros chip so I can easily transfer all my pictures on my phone to my Laptop. I guess I'll have to spend more money to get a better longer lasting battery and a micros...then all my problems will be solved.

the phone is alot better then the htc design for boost and it was alot less you can do more with this phone then any other and is getting jellybean

Love this phone. I've had the Samsung Galaxy Prevail.. and this is like 5x step up from that. It's fast fast. I can text and email very quickly. Love the interface. Upgraded to Jellybean, makes the phone run even faster. Love it. :)

I actually bought 2 of these. One for my girlfriend and one for my 15 year old son and they both love them. Boost still doesn't have the best coverage in our area but the phones work really good. I would recommend this phone.

i recevied the phone and it has a  unch of numbers in it... i wouldnt give it no raitings but i had too.. but this is the worst order ever i mean omfg.... den i told cellardirect whats been going on with the phone dey couldnt say nun abut it... dey acted like it was almost new... lies lies lies never again i will buy a phone from here 20 thumbs down if i had those many thumbs

I am very pleased with this phone. It's very easy to set up, operate and use. I bought a case that covers the phone back and sides, and fits into a belt clip holder. I have dropped the phone a couple of times with that case on it, and have not suffered any kind of damage.I am very happy about the volume that comes out of the phone for hearing callers. I do find that the volume for the ringers are not as loud as I would like. I have not played with the vibrate much, but to me it didn't seem to really vibrate much at all. So I turned off the vibrate.The battery life is ok, not the best, but what can you expect with a phone that offers as much as this.

Nice big screen for you to see and text. Easy to get around your apps and all. The telenav on the phone is awesome!

I bought this phone for my mom and she loved it. It arrived in time and the price is right.  It is big enough for her so she could not be happier.

works great no complain, it fit my needs, light phone, battery good comparing time I use. big screen and small volume

I have had this product for 3 months now and it is working well so far. So far so good. It has everything that I need in a smart phone.

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!! was a gift for my Husband, He Loves It!!The phone came quickly and packed in original factory packaging. Works and Looks Great!! Thinking of buying another for myself...........maybe???

Unfortunately I do not have anything good to say about this phone.  It did not work well from the day I received it.  It kept jumping from screen to screen (on its own) and the bottom menu kept popping up.  It was necessary to send the phone back to Samsung three times for repair (it is not their policy to replace the phones if they do not work properly, it is their policy to &#34;repair&#34; them).  It may have been that this one particular phone was an exception rather than the rule, but I cannot with good conscience recommend it to anyone.

I BUY THIS PHONE FOR MY GIRLFRIEND FROM BOOSTMOBILE, BUT...... IS JUST A PIECE OF JUNK, NEVER WORK PROPERLY, SINCE THE BEGINING GOT OVERHEATING, NOT CHARGE PROPERLY,. A LOT DROP CALLS TOO POOR SIGNAL, COMPLETE PIECE OF SHIT. I ALREDY SEND IT 3 TIMES TO REPAIR, THE FIRST TIME THEY DONT DO NOTHIGH , THEY SEND IT BACK WITH THE SAME PROBLEM,. THE SECOND TIME , SAME THING, I JUST GOT MAIL THE PHONE IS ALREADY ON THE WAY TO MY HOUSE I HOPE THIS TIME THEY FIX IT LIKE SUPOSE TO, IF NOT I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO. I GUESS NOT BUY MORE FROM THEM AND LET PEOPLE KNOW THIS IS NOT A GOOD PHONE, AT LEAST NOT THIS ONE, I THINK I PAY 347 , AND I HAVE LG NET10 THE ONE I PAY 80 AN WORK TWISE BETTER ON SIGNAL AND CALLS, I NEVER HAVE DROP CALLS........

Good looking phone but mine came defective it has a little blue dot of light  on the screen . and it was brand new,

I love this phone.. it works so well.. I am glad i spent the extra money to get it.  It is alot better than the Kycera Hydro.. that one freezes on me.. The Samsung Galaxy S II is just all out amazing. No problems here.

I wanna start out by saying I have been a loyal boost customer for over 3 years now. The price I got this phone for which is 199.99 seemed like a pretty good bargain, and a step up from my HTC Evo Design 4G from Boost.It has a fast processor, lots of internal memory, and an 8 MP camera. All great things.These things however REALLY annoy me. First the phone honestly feels really cheap. It doesn't feel good in my hands at all. the back cover feels like just a piece of plastic. The texting on this phone is really a pain. I don't know about anyone else, but I keep always hitting the wrong keys over and over. This is the only phone I've had an ongoing problem like this with. This phone takes so long to charge. I'm talkin about it you leave your phone charging for about an hour, don't be suprised if it only charges about 5% in that time. Freezes a lot.And second this is not so much with the phone but more of Boost Mobile/Sprint. This phone is advertised as being a 4G phone. Unfortunately that's pretty much a lie, because the only 4G service it can pick up is from Sprint's WiMax network and that is pretty much non-existing since Sprint has decided to go 4G LTE, and even then, the service around here is still pretty bad in comparison to most other carriers, despite being in a huge metropolitan area. So in order to experience 4G service from Boost Mobile (Sprint) you'd have to actually pick up a phone that was 4G LTE capable, such as the more recent Galaxy S III with a hefty price tag. Absolutely ridiculous.

here in my area Boost will not be using WIMAX and using 4G LTE which makes the Galaxy Sll just a fast 3G phone. Check to see WIMAX or LTE

I bought this as a gift for someone who upgraded from a Samsung Transform Ultra.  Let's just say he can't put this phone down!  It's huge, vivid display is one of the main reasons I became interested in the phone- so much so that I immediatley ordered the Galaxy S III from my own cell phone provider! This phone is no comparison to his former; easy features such as the voice activated commands and google search has him constantly barking orders at his phone.  The camera is awesome and produces really great pictures.  The volume is great and you can hear others very clearly. This was definitely a great buy!

This is my first cell phone.  I really love it! It's very easy to use and I can do so much more with it than just as a phone.  I don't use the phone that much, but I love all the game apps and I use the Kindle app all the time.  This is much easier to carry than my Kindle Fire is.

This was a gift for my daughter, she was in love with it and I have won brownie points for a long time. She has no complaints and came securely packaged.

returned phone one week later, 299 for a brick. phone would constantly turn its self on and off. battery life was horrible, and also go in to silent mode by its self all the time. ps long time android fanboi here

Sure the newer galaxy 3 has a few improvements and a faster processor at $250 more. The Galaxy Note 2 has an inch larger screen, faster processor, a pen and about $300 more unlocked. In reality, they are both basically the same phone as this. Samsung has had a year to iron the bugs out on this model and it shows. This phone is SMOOTH AS SILK.  And unlike HTC, Samsung doesn't load the phone to the gills with unremovable crapware. Samsung and Boost still put some crapware of their own, but it is not as overwheming or as numerous as what was on my HTC Design 4G. Another tempting unlocked phone is the Nexus 4, which is sexy as hell, and only $300 and a 2 month wait today. But consider this. Reality check - "no removable battery" is a death wish for an android phone (it will eventually freeze and you will be up the creek.) Add to that a fragile breakable glass back and no SD card slot = buy the expandable Samsung in my book. Take my word for it - this is the phone you want today and will still be happy with a year from now. Fast. Beautiful BIG screen. Made the HTC Design screen look tiny by comparison. Clear talk at both ends. It works GREAT as a phone - many of these smartphones are great at web and other stuff but SUCK as phones. Incredibly excellent camera with phenominally useful software for taking photos. And it focuses and takes shots very quickly, so you will actually use it. The only cameras I have seen better than this is the camera in the iPhone 4S and 5. They are a tiny bit better. XLNT Hotspot function. Yes, like all smartphones today, it is fragile but that is easy to fix. Want it bulletproof? Order an Otterbox Defender case (I do) and you can throw your phone across the room without hurting it. Been wth Boost 4 years now - the customer service is no better or worse than the expensive guys, but Sprint (which is Boost) has great coverage here around Eugene OR and most of the Western states where I live and travel.

Showed it to a friend and he liked it so much he went and bought one for himself. Then he lost it.By this time Best Buy was sold out and Boost was no longer stocking them because they were bringing in the S3.I sold him my phone and then a few weeks later found this, was happy too because I really liked my S2.And still do.

It a relay nice cell love it it was great service I got in on the day it said wish is good

It is a good phone my only problem with it is the battery shuts the phone off without any notice some times and the aps running constantly until I figured out how to set up ap too shut down other aps.

Happy to upgrade finally, fast efficient phone with a nice screen. of course occasionally lags being on boost network but it impressed me

I am so glad that I bought this phone for myself. It has helped me with a lot of tasks that I was unable to do before.

I received my package in a very timely manner, and it was brand new. Everything was included, & it was exactly what was advertised.

I've had this phone since Boost Mobile first offered it.  It is a wonderful phone for the person who just uses it for quick references on the internet,  phone calls are great with bluetooth connections to your car. I got the little ihome ic50 pops right on and charges.  Downloaded recorder and record internet radio stations off wifi all night take my phone to work.  Pop it on the ic50 and it plays all day long.  I'm been doing this over a year now.  This phone has been very reliable.  Excellent phone .....

These phones are awesome! Great service, Excellent battery life, Seems to be durable and well manufactured, I would definitely recommend to others..

Phone cuts off / powers down in holster on locked screen unexpectedly. Unwanted apps constantly runs, draining battery. Other than these, its a great phone, highly recommend it.

i love samsung phones always purchased from amazon and used it in boost this phone is crips clear and great pictures alot of memory space

There wasn't anything wrong with the product, this one just wasn't compatible with my carrier. I ended up buying the same phone, but with the correct carrier.

I got this phone in the start of 2013, and at first it was great then problems started showing up for example I can't use San disk memory cards in it or they will constantly dismount themselves but a Samsung card works just fine? Also you can not have the screen on very bright at all for ANY amount of time because whatever was being displayed will cause a "burn in" affect. I went through 4 reps at Samsung issue still not resolved and the issue is my keyboard and background has a faded verison of it even with it not being on the screen because the auto adjusting brightness I guess had it to high and now I am stuck with it. I will be leaving boost mobile. The customer service from both is just horrid. Avoid both. Unless that is of course you know for sure you will never ever need the phone serviced.

THIS PHONE WAS BEAUTIFUL AND GREAT TO USE UNTIL MY DAUGHTER LEFT IT ON THE PLANE WHEN SHE CAME HOME TO VISIT FROM COLLEGE. I'LL SEE WHAT SQUARE TRADE CAN DO FOR US THEN I WILL RATE THEM.

way better than the zte warp.. fast love the phone but every once in awhile it doesnt ring and sometimes it has shut itself off and i need to take the battery in and out to be able to get it back on.. i understand its boost mobile not verizon and technology isnt perfect but still.. its a pain in the @$$

The phone works fine, but when I received it it was still connected to the previous account. The company that sold it on amazon have me no help until after 4 phone calls, I finally got a hold of someone that could help me. Even then, it took him a few days to get everything squared off.  All-in-all, I couldn't use the phone until over a month after I got it.

it was accurately very well cell in america. i always downloaded app in samsung galaxy s 2 when it make speed slowly.

I have owned several Boost phones (most recent was HTC Evo),This is by far and away the best yet. Great camera, speed, screen, size, lots of memory, also this phone has NEVER Froze up.

I got this phone after having an iPhone and I like it so much better. Had a gray one also but the white one looks so much cleaner, sophisticated, and more expensive

I got this phone for my boyfriend and he loves it! It's a great phone and I am so happy with samsung. My boyfriend is hooked on this phone and he thanks me everyday :)

Shipped fast, great packaging and easy set up. I've been a boost mobile customer for a few years now and this is the best phone I've had

I know this is not the newest verson of this phone, but it it the perfect phone for my needs, due to the fact that it has 16 mb of internal memory, and it also offers the wifi hotspot. But only problem with buying here on amazon is the sellers are selling used phone for more then Boostmobile is selling new one. Note to all sellers,before posting items, check with the company's website before you decide to post used items for sale. Boost also sales refurbished phones for under $200.00. I plan on buying one for myself as a Christmas gift, and usualy buy on Amazon, but not this time....sorry.

The phone itself has good apps and works decent. But it has a lot of glitches and i am considering sending it back for another one.

It works great, screen is good qualitybut it's little slow and upgrade to JB cause some battery issue and random restart

The product is excellent. I unfortunately in Colombia is useless, since the technology used here is gsm. Please tell me if you can do something thanks

Ordered by my uncle. So far this phone is working perfectly and is hard to use. Comes in brand new!

I love, love, love this phone...now I am ready for the s3 because it is bigger than this one otherwise I would just keep it...

If the phone gets hot it'll start &#34;pressing&#34; all the buttons automatically. GPS goes in & out aswell... but it is pretty quick, and MUCH better than my last phone

I do like the phone but I can't tell completely because my kid dropped my phone a couple days after I got and cracked the screen badly.  I'm gonna have to pay alot to get it repaired.  Maybe the little inconsistencies I see will disappear whenever I get it repaired.

Nice phone but it is slow to wake from screen timeout (2-5 second delay), the predictive text is poor and often misspells words, the phone doesn't offer to remember words that it doesn't recognize, deleting words or sentences is painfully slow as the phone tries feverishly to keep guessing which word you want and constantly pumping words in to try and guess thus making deleting far more slow and taxing that it should be and pressing return (to start a new paragraph) in an email freezes the phone forcing you to reboot. Add in that this phone can't seem to forward voicemail to my YouMail service and you can see where the frustration and disappointment really add up. They may not sound like much but they are enough of an aggravation to make me miss my Droid RAZR.

Phone does everything a great phone should do...great phone. the camera and video are great as well and it's easy to use and understand.

just love this phone. very user friendly. i was in need of a phone and unsure of which one to get, very glad i chose this one

out of all the phones i'v brought from boost this samsung galaxy s2 4g android is a great phone. The volume button could have been bigger i love that the back camera is in the middle of the phone it's better for taking pics the front camera is good. the design of the phone is good for me large display. great job boost the camera quality is just wonderful takes a great picture............thanksSamsung Galaxy S II 4G Prepaid Android Phone, White (Boost Mobile)

Bought this phone as a late Xmas gift for my fianc&eacute; and he hasn't gotten off of it yet. Loves everything about it, says its much better than other androids we have had (evo, epic). And paid 70 bucks less than buying from a boost store because of the sale. Very happy with it.

Great phone. Large screen and easy to read. However, you might want to keep a set of eyes on the battery life. The power can drain pretty fast if you're not aware of the apps running in the background. Boost Mobile just needs to catch up with the other carriers with the new phones being released.

Love the phone except the video part of the camera poor quality. Bunch of "pixel boxes". Can barely tell what was recorded. Also having issues trying to reach someone to remedy the problem.8-23-13New problem...charging/data cable is not recognized by my computer.

I bought this phone at a radio shack because the cheaper lg venice wasn't available anywhere at the time but I still wanted a good smart phone (boost doesn't seem to carry anything in between that fits my needs) and it stopped working two weeks in. I loved everything about it, the screen was brilliant, the colors amazing, very touch sensitive, brilliant processing power, the battery lasted most of the day if I didn't connect to the internet or use it too often for my solitaire-ing. It's really hard to keep loving this phone, however, when it randomly starts to restart itself and refuse to stay on for more than thirty mseconds at a time. I have a list of apps that I've been getting on every phone I've had for years so I did download a few apps at the same time when I first got this phone, but none of them have given me any problems on any previous phones or on the Venice I eventually did purchase. Radio Shack was very lovely about taking it back and Samsung customer support was very helpful in trying to get it going again. I really wanted this phone to work out, but I'm okay with the fact that it didn't now that I got the Venice I really wanted.

I have the boost mobile plan and I have no complaints about boost mobile and the service.  My complaint has to do with the phone and the hardware.  When I first purchased the phone last November, which was almost a year ago, I got the replacement plan, and replaced my phone after 6 months because it stopped charging.  It would get overheated.  So I replaced it and paid over $100 to replace it.  That's right, because when you replace the phone, you have to purchase a new replacement plan.  Now....5 months in on the 2nd phone and I'm starting to have the same problems that I had with the first phone. The battery sucks.  I purchased the extended battery thinking it would help...and it's not much better than the original battery.  If I could just keep this thing charged, I would be very happy with the phone.  But, it's taking forever to charge this phone.  Something is not right! Even after I replaced all the chargers (car, house, office) for the first phone, it still didn't make a difference, and so I don't want to go out and invest all that $$ again to replace my chargers when that's not the real problem.  Know what I mean??  And, if I give it a full charge, within hours of no use and no apps running, I quickly loose 25% to 50% of the charge...when I'm not even using it. ??  I'm just about to give up.  I would not sell this phone to my worst enemy.  The reason I came on here and decided to write this review is because I'm hunting for a new phone and reading reviews and thinking....why do all these other reviewers think that the samsung galaxy is such a great phone.Oh...and a few more things.  While I'm ranting about the hardware.  The service does not work in East TN.  I could not use this phone at all when I was in Gatlinburg on a family vacation.  I also have trouble with it in southern virginia...anywhere in mountain areas.  I can use it fine in central virgia and northern virginia.  That may be why they pulled Boost out of my area...because of coverage issues in the southern part of Virginia??Also, some mechanical issues....there is no button to push for the camera.  The camera is touch screen only.  Super annoying.  Also..this could just be a user problem on my part, but I have yet to be able to merge calls...and sometimes when I'm on a call, I'm unable to turn on the speaker.  It's like a glitch or something strange happens.  Sometimes, I can't disconnect a call. I have to take the battery out and put it back in.  Haaahaa!  Crazy.

i purchased this phone for my dad and the product is great for the price. so i will definitely buy from here again

they didnt give me a battery or back to my phone so yea i to buy one and it look like it work good

This phone, the Samsung Galaxy S2 4G is obviously not the newest version of this phone available.  If you want the very newest and best (The Samsung Galaxy S3), you won't get that on any other budget priced contract free carrier.  This phone is, however, very adequate, and by far the best phone ever offered for this low of a total cost of ownership.  I highly recommend that you consider this phone, but also look at the Virgin Mobile version of it, because their service is similar but their pricing is more flexible.I have had six different Android phones on pre-paid carriers, including the HTC EVO 4G, Motorola Triumph, Optimus, etcetera.  I bought this phone in November 2012 at Radio Shack, the day that it became available.  I still have an HTC Evo 4G in our family, but personally have been using this phone for over a month now, quite heavily.This Samsung Galaxy S2 4G runs Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich), which is currently (at the time of this review) one version behind the newest versions of Android (Jelly Bean 4.1 & 4.2).  It has a fast dual core processor, good 8MP camera, is 4G capable, has great battery life, and has overall great performance. Although it has been out for over a year on Sprint, it is not nearly as far behind the mainstream as previous non-contract/prepaid offerings have been.Size. This phone is more similar in size to the Motorola Triumph than it is to the bulkier HTC EVO V 4G.  With a 4.52" AMOLED touch screen and a thin body, it is the most compact phone for the screen size that non-contract/prepaid have ever had available.  I really like the form factor.  After using it for about a week without a case, I put an Otterbox Defender on it.  That case bulks the phone up quite a bit, but it is still comfortable.  I like it with or without the case, but got the case because of my clumsiness and lifestyle.Cases. Since this phone is identical to the one that has been on Sprint for over a year, there are plenty of great cases available for it, including ones from top of the line companies like Otter Box. There are many times more accessories available for it than for previous non-contract/prepaid, except for the HTC Evo V 4G which also had a lot of cases to choose from.Screen. I love the 4.52" screen size, and this one is even sharper and more vivid than the one on the HTC Evo 4G, which was better than the Motorola Triumph.  It is great.Touch Screen. The touch screen is very responsive, accurate, and precise. By far the best touch screen I've ever used. Even better (or equal to) the one on the Apple Ipod Touch. I use that comparison because I've always felt that the Touch was better than the Android phones I'd had in the past.  The HTC Evo V 4G is the same in this regard.  Both phones have excellent touch screens.Keyboard. The touch screen keyboard on this phone is awesome.  The touchscreen keyboard on the HTC EVO V 4G was far better than any of the previous non-contract/prepaid offerings, and this one on the Samsung Galaxy S2 is even better.Battery. The battery life on this phone is incredible because of its increased size and better power management and network management. It lasts 3 times longer than the battery on the Motorola Triumph, and about twice as long as the one on the HTC EVO V 4G.  I like that this phone gives you an actual percentage reading for the battery instead of just the imprecise icon.Network management.  This phone is great at making seamless transitions between 3G, 4G, and Wifi, always switching to the best available choice.  The HTC Evo V 4G used to give me some problems in this area.  The S2 is flawless at this.Camera. The 8MP camera on this phone is far better than any cell phone I've ever had.  I think that it rivals the iPhone and in most conditions can fully replace your compact point and shoot camera.  The video camera shoots 1080p video and is also very good.4G.  Having 4G is great, especially since the Sprint 3G network is a little slow sometimes.Internet Sharing. The ability to share this phone's internet connection is awesome and works really well. It works great on both 3G and especially 4G. It is simple to use, and at $15 a month is a much better value than a Mifi card.Call Quality. The call quality is great on this phone, and is much better than the Motorola Triumph which sometimes sounded muffled, and slightly better than the HTC EVO V 4G which wasn't bad.  It is clear for both you and the person you are talking to.Bluetooth. The Bluetooth on this phone works great both with a headset and with my car. I love how it seamlessly transitions from my Podcast Application (Doggcatcher), Navigation, and phone calls.Processor. This phone is snappy and doesn't seem to have any processor induced lag at all. No matter what I run or play, it works the way it is supposed to, even when I'm multi-tasking. The processor seems to be more than adequate.Durability.  This phone is no more or less durable than any of the other plastic smart phones out there.  I personally wish that more phones were available with unibody metal housings.  I used to wish the same things about laptops and they are finally moving that way.  Hopefully more phones will be more durable in the future.  Anyway, this phone is adequate in this area.Reliability. So far, I have had no issues with applications or functions crashing on this phone. It works consistently and flawlessly. I will update this review if I find anything getting hung-up or crashing. I have had the phone since they first released it, and still haven't had any problems.  My experience in this area was the same on the HTC EVO V 4G.If there are any topics that you wanted me to address that I failed to, please let me know in the comments and I will update this review for you.

It was great to get this phone and have it in such good condition that it may as well have been new. It actually was a gift for someone else but I purposely kept it for 3 weeks just so I can play with it lol.

I love the phone but the headphones stated in the "box includes" were not included. Other than that, all box includes came included with the product and I love the phone. I was expecting headphones so I can listen to music on the new phone but I can buy headphones elsewhere. I suggest mentioning "headphones/set not included" next time. Thanks!

This is a very nice phone.. However the batyery dies quick if you are on it lot. But it will last more than an hour and a half. This is my 1st android from a regular phone.. So it is still exciting.. And very resourceful.. To anyone thinking of getting this phone.. It holds over 200 songs,(without memory card) and a whole lot of games, plenty of emails...all acceas to internet desktop or mobile view..

IT IS A GOOD PHONE IT HAS ITS FAULTS. IT IS RELIABLE AND FAST ON 4G NETWORK.HAVEN'T HAD A PROBLEM WITH IT.

Very fast, big , and great phone for the price i think it is worth it. Even if you really wanted a s3 but you were not willing to pay the price this is the way to go.. You ll be surprised how this phone handles.. Just make sure your not using it to much while downloading movies.. Im having a good time with this and if ur wanting to get this phone but ur not to sure just go for its worth it

I would recommend this phone to everyone. I love this phone!! It takes great pictures with its double camera. The memory the phone itself has is amazing. Again, I love this phone!!!!!!!

I replaced my Optimus V with this phone. I like the theory of 4G, but I'm far enough from the towers that it isn't reliable. The 3G is completely reliable in my area. Ordinarily you would think the phone would fail over gracefully, but instead it loses connectivity for approximately 10-15 seconds. All internet gone. And heaven help you if it keeps trying to get 4G. It'll just hang in a loop of 'no'.An unrelated issue - the wifi (G) doesn't reach as far as my OV did. Sitting in my usual spot in the house I do not have wifi with this phone.In the end, I returned it. I love the processor, the screen, etc. but if I can't get online there's not much point.

I owned this phone for less than two months when the charging port stopped working. I sent it back to Samsung, who voided my warranty stating that the pins had lifted from the motherboard and since this damage was caused by ME they would not repair or replace my phone. I explained that the only way for ME to have done this damage was if I had taken the phone apart and purposely broken the motherboard, and asked if there was any evidence of this. They said no, there was not. Out of luck, as my carrier is Boost Mobile, who also refuses to replace broken phones. In fact, when I asked for a new phone they said, and this is an EXACT quote: &#34; We don't have any phones.&#34; When I asked what they were sending to new customers buying phones from them, (empty boxes perhaps?), they refused to answer me. Upon review, I found that this charging port problem is, in fact, a known issue with this model of Galaxy. Surprise! So this VERY EXPENSIVE phone, for which I purchased insurance, by the way, is unusable. I've since learned that this is about a $50.00 fix from one of your standard-issue fly-by-night &#34;we fix cell phones&#34;  stores. Too little too late, as  I've already  bought a new phone. But, you ask, what about Boost, and the time you were without a phone while trying to get  all this resolved? Boost told me to go fish, they would neither credit me, cancel my account, or do anything else to help me. So: NO on this phone, and as an addendum,  NO on Boost Mobile. Good luck, good hunting and godspeed.

My  Samsung Galaxy S  II 4g Prepaid android phone from Boost Mobile has exceeded all my expectations!  Battery life is decent, memory is decent, anticipatory software is decent,  music, movies, internet surfing is on point!  Wow, what a deal. What do I need my PC for when I have what I need... in hand?  I'm not mad at Boost Mobile especially since I'm paying LESS THAN HALF AS MUCH as I did with a similar phone and the same phone services with T-mobile!

This is a great phone! Really don't need my computer most of the time with this cell. Short on battery life but not a bad trade off for what you get. Just buy an external battery pack/charger and away you go!

I think that this is the best of the Boost phones.  This is a great 'smart' Android phone an is very easy to use.

Great phone so far.Positives:- fast- great screen size- Jelly Bean OS is awesome (comes with ICS, but can be upgraded with computer/internet)- Good Camera- Good reception (though slightly muffled)- Everything just works really wellNegatives:- Battery life isn't great but I can make it a whole day of heavy use with Juice defender and power conserving settings- no hard camera button

I guess I had expected this phone to be slightly newer than mine but it has come with its own set of difficulties. Programs freezing. Phone reprogramming itself. the only reason its better than my old phone is because my toddler made half of my screen stop working.

Shame on me for trying this product yet a second time and wanting to actually save money.  Well, the message is you get what you pay for.  While Apple mauy be 2x as expensive no wonder why people don't dink around with hours on the phone, trying to deal with people at boost, troubleshooting a $300+ phone that vinbrates whenever the mocroprocessor works?  EEK!  It is so crazy annoying.  I sent one back to which Boost themselves refused to give me another supposed brand new phone for the same price + free headset.  So, I sent it back to their center and STILL have yet to receive a credit on my credit card.  I've had to go out and buy a second phone while waiting for this new phone to come in with no service!  Meanwhile the daily emails coming from boost saying my account is overdue for a product I do not have!  Then, I decided to 'pay more' for the less hassle factor with Amazon and try one more time and here is the phone, yet again, and guess what?  It STILL vibrates when you press any of the function buttons at the bottom of the phone.  If this won't drive you crazy then get the phone... but it is so annoying.  I am now out $350 for phone, return, and postage to return it for a phone that still does the same darn annoying thing.  Save yourself the hassle and spend the extra $50 a month for an Apple product + reliable carrier.

Had this phone for 2 days. Been playing with it non stop. Good battery life, shipping was on time. Nice screen size for watching youtube and netflix on the go.

the 4g power to access the web is great but otherwise very difficult to use.  unwanted windows pop up frequently.  If you try to hand the phone to someone to view a picture, another window will pop up apparently because of sensors too close to the edge.  Phone call screens black out after 15 seconds of inactivity so dealing with dialpad menus is a nightmare.  This can be fixed with an app which can be discovered with the aid of your local tech support guy. Expect to spend several hours a month talking to this guy.

Overall, this was a terrific phone - superb picture when watching HD movies - exceeded my expectations.  But one day - the screen turned to a very generic looking vga-like screen.  Found out it was screenburn - happened in less than two months.  So, buyer beware - maybe I just got a lemon - I don't know.

This phone has been the best phone I have ever personally had. The fact that this phone is Prepaid through BoostMobile blows my mind, because I have had my fair share of crappy phones, as well as prepaid ones. This phone is 4G, it always connects to a wifi network if it can, the pictures quality is great, it has flash, the memory(capacity) is massive in it, the phone automatically locks if you have it near your face(so that your face doesnt push buttons) and it is LOUD when you need it to be. I use it as an alarm every morning so I knew I would need that.The only downside I have found about it is.. get ready for it... Nothing.

Love it I use this phone daily it has a amazing battery life and lots of features and photo are terrific

I realize that this phone is two generations behind, but it's the top of the line device for Boost. Light years better than the loathsome LG Marquee! For a non heavy gamer such as myself, this phone is just as good as the later Galaxys. Lightning fast and about as non glitchy as you could expect with an Android device. If you want the top of the line for Boost, DON'T succumb to the new, ugly, heavily crippled HTC One SV. I paid $279.99 + 4.99 shipping.

I bought one .. but i can not activate it .. so who know that way please tell meI can not benefit from it

I was on the fence about getting the Samsung Galaxy S II due to its price, but after having it for a week, it is definitely worth every penny, and then some. The screen is large and perfect for watching videos, texting, viewing websites and reading. The overall design is slim and beautiful, such a simple design makes this phone look very elegant. The call quality is superb, no muffled sounds and others said they heard me fine on the other end. The camera quality is nice for its price, and HD video comes out perfect. I would recommend this phone to anyone, it does so much and all of its features would appeal to a wide range of people.

Way better than any phone i have ever owned. Super fast an battery last all day. If u r lookin for a great phone buy this one.

i love this phone it have everything i need great apps easy to use and no problem with the system

So far I really like this phone.... I got tried of paying AT&T so much money every month.  As a former Iphone user I think this is comparable or even better than the Iphone 4.  Its very fast and where I live the boost coverage has been pretty good.  I think the best feature of this phone is the screen it beautiful.  I also like the ability to add a 32GB Micro SD card.  You can put movies and music right on the card and the phone will play them.  I hated I Tunes it was just a pain to use.  I would have given this phone a 5 stars, but the only down fall is the battery life is horrible.  I know most smart phone are horrible but this is way worse than my iphone was as far as battery life.  I'm looking into purchasing options for another battery.  If I can figure out a way to increase the battery life....this would be a 5 star phone.  Overall boost mobile is saving me about 40 dollars a month right now... but after the 18 months i will be saving $55 dollars a month.  I had cingular and then AT&T I finally broke down to pay the price of this phone to save from a greedy AT&T company!  So far after a couple of weeks im glad I did....

I bought several phones for my family members on X-mass. I thought the service was good.It is the worst company I ever dealt with. I lost my money and the phones are trash.I will never ever deal with this crooked company.

(Re-Review)March 10,2013,This version of the galaxy s2 by boost is wonderful and for some reason is better then the white one alot of people had problems with the white version of the S2 when it first came out but boost got it right with this one and its cheaper also only two something on there website check it out,and its probably going down some more cause boost just came out with two more newer phones this pass week the HTC One SV & the Boost Force they both are on the new  4G LTE from Boost...

I loved my phone and still have it today..with no plans of upgrading anytime soon..im happy with my purchase  thanks

The Samsung Galaxy S II is a great phone and I have no complaints at this time.This review concerns the trade practices of Boost Mobile. I had a Net10 LG Optimus for $45.00 per month but switched to Boost because of the better cell offerings.Complaints:No less than two representatives from Boost Mobile told before I bought the phone ($299.00) that there would no extra charges if I used Auto Reboost each month to pay for phone charges. This service debits your credit card each month. After I signed up for Auto Reboost with a representative, I got a letter in the mail stating that my monthly bill will be $59.24.Yes, they charge an extra $4.24 to use your credit card or bank.These representatives either LIED to me or were ignorant of what their company does.In big and bold all over their Website, they advertise only $55.00 per month. Net10 never charged any extra for automatic withdrawals from my credit card.Clearly, they want you to pay with Boost cards every month so that you may forget to pay on time and never experience their widely advertised shrinkage plan. If you have a mind of steel, then purchase the Boost cards every month from Walmart or Target and then go to the Boost Website and add the payment, or sign up for Auto Reboost and let then charge you the extra $50.00 per year($4.24 per month) to provide for their corporate and executive bonuses perhaps.Also good luck talking with a representative. You will have to first navigate the most convoluted phone tree known to man and waste 15 or more minutes of your life.I strongly urge you to look elsewhere for you cell phone services.I will now just drown myself in regret.....=========================================================================================================UPDATE: December 29th 2012- I went to a Best Buy store to buy a Reboost card for $55.00 and I literally laughed at the checkout as the total came to $59.24. It appears that Boost is unwilling to absorb taxes and charges like other companies.Based upon the comments from others who say that it is only $55.00 if you pay your fees at a Boost store, they don't want you to use a credit card as they would have to absorb a few dollars. Net10 and Tracphone cards are face value only, regardless of payment method. It is true though that if companies have box stores in you State, you must pay taxes. This may be the problem. Perhaps Boost should train their staff and be a bit more candid about what the customer will really be paying.In addition, I find their Website to be poorly constructed and primitive in design and function. Definitely a second class company.I suppose if you had time to waste, you could go to a Boost store and pay with cash or a check every month. If this isn't an inconvenience to you then all is grand!The primary problem is that Boost representatives have no idea that there are additional charges with Autoreboost using a credit card. (At least the four different people I had talked with).I don't believe that you can change companies and use the same phone as there isn't any SIM card. You are struck with what you have!I will concede to paying the additional $4.24 with Autoreboost since I don't have the time to run to a Boost store every month.

Im looking for update on all apps. The phone is nice and i love it. But lets get them updates going man . I am Youplaytomuch!!.. Step hour game up..

This phone has it all.It is slim,easy to carry,battery life is great.The 4G is super duper fast and it's just the best phone i ever had.I love it

The phone is amazing, it has all I need for personal use and work use as well. But the only thing is that Boost Mobile website has it for 35.00 dollars cheaper.

I've had my phone for about four months now and I love it. Its great! I'm glad I got it and I wouldn't trade it... yet xD hahaha

My Samsung Galaxy S II is very practical and functional and lives up to its expectation.  The OS could use much more improvement, but it beats the LG that I replaced it with.

I love the Samsung Galaxy S II, but when I cannot use it via my cell phone provider it is of no use to me. I purchased the phone because I am a Boost customer and it clearly stated that it was a Boost Mobile phone. The phone is a Sprint phone. I cannot get the features to work because there is a difference in the Sprint and Boost programs per the Boost representatives that I took the phone to to get it activated because I could not activate it online because the numbers were not matching Boost. I have attempted to contact the person that I purchased it from and have yet to hear from them. I have purchased numerous things via Amazon and this is the first time that I did not get what I paid for. 100% dissatisfied!!!!

I got my phone and that's good perfection for me and i got it on time so i didn't even have to call or check online to see where it was at

The phone has been working great! This is my second Boost Mobile phone. I was easily able to activate the phone and upgrade to Android 4.1.2

Upgraded from zte warp. This is a great phone..excellent hotspot, takes great pictures and prints excellent pictures.Worth the price and better than iPhone.Not bad for a cell phone bill of 45.00 a month.

i love my phone , great phone, save alot of money. great purchase better than s3  looooov it perfet size screen

Boost Mobile is replacing the Galaxy S II, crippled by the obsolete Wi-Max network, with the more advanced Samsung Galaxy S3, which runs on Sprint's new high speed 4g LTE network. Because the Wi-Max network is shutting down, Boost customers should be looking only at 4G LTE phones, including the LG F7 and HTC SV.The Samsung Galaxy S II is a great phone. If rated by the quality of its large screen, quality of phone calls, its superior ability to handle basic functions such as texting, email, photos, videos, and music, the S2 is equal or superior to the Apple Iphone 5 and most other premium quality phones. For details on why the S2 is such a great phone, read some of the many "Five Star" Reviews.Battery life? Many of the "Five Star" and "Four Star" reviews mention poor battery life. That is a direct result of the low quality Wi-Max network. If a phone is getting a strong signal and can download data rapidly, there is a light load on the battery. If a phone is constantly searching for a usable signal and struggles to slowly download data, the load on the battery doubles or triples. A phone that gets eight hours per charge on a weak network would get up to 16 hours or 24 hours per charge on a strong network.

It is very durabble. As long as there is wifi the internet is fastThe battery dies pretty fast though.

Its a really nice phone.It works fine but it still has the tower jumping issues as many cellphones do. Easy fix just have to  turn "off/on". It gets hung in between screens when changing screen direction. And there is no side button for the camera.

pictures come out very clear , its light weight...the only thing i dislike is i have a very hard time finding a good nice cover for it.

I love the phone.  It does everything; however, I am unable to use the telephone to make calls or receive calls from my home area.  Everywhere except my home I can use the phone.  At home, I go from having no bar or 1 bar of service, which drops all my phone calls. I'm afraid I am going to have to return my phone and  go  with a network that will allow service in my home, as this is my primary phone.  I do not have a landline phone.  Evidently Boost mobile has Sprint network, and the service is not good in my home or around my home; which is strange, because I do live in the city!  weird. I will definitely buy the same phone only with a different network.

I have had this thing for a while. I have an app killer, bought a $50.00 external battery source from T-mobile, plus I charge it at school. I also turned down the screen resolution and do not allow live wallpapers. The wifi sensory sucks. I carry a lower grade HTO evo simply for wifi so my son can watch Netflix in public places because the older boost mobile phone will pick up a signal while this one will not... I would not purchase it again. Can not wait to upgrade.

Great phone - has no problems with it. Love the flexibility of it. Boost Mobile is awesome and your plans shrink every 6 months on Shrinkage plus if you refer people and they use your code - they save 25$ on the first month fee. No one has used it and I got 12 referrals til New Years - please use it or pass it on - I would appreciate it. [...] - Click my link .. click "unlock offer" on the page and order. Enjoy and thank you!

Got my phone a few short days after I ordered it. No scratches on the screen, set it up and it works like a charm!!! No problems with apps or glitching. Very excited to have a new phone I love!!! Thanks!

BOOST MOBILE IS MOVING UP WITH THE QUALITY OF THEIR PHONES!Worth every penny because I only pay 40.00 per month for unlimited services,TEXT,WEB,DATA,CALLS!!!!(40.00 beat that!)and no contract.I repeat no contract!!It's one of the best phones out there and I love the bigger screen.Great Job!Now if we only had the SG 3...LOL...It would make Boost Mobile the best cell phone provider, Bar None!VERY HAPPY AND I LOVE THE PHONE.

Bought this as a gift for someone and they keep telling me how wonderful and easy to use. Highly recommend this to everyone.

This review is more about Amazon than the phone. I ordered this phone promptly received it from Amazon, as ordered next day.  Although I will say the phone is fabulous Amazons customer service is impeccable. This phone like a few I found out, was new with a nasty little habit of not being able to charged. Seems this is a something well known on the information hwy. Upon notifying Amazon they immediately shipped a new one out no charge, without even getting the defective unit returned yet. They gave me 30 days for the return before I would be charged. Again, they sent out a new one with next day shipping and I received it the next day, the same day I shipped the defective unit back. They trusted this customer that it was defective, trusted me to return it, and without question sent a new one the next day.In today's world of self service, no service, non English speaking service, self check out, and circle jerk phone support, Amazon went above and beyond in taking care of this customer. They have my business forever.Oh and yeah I love this phone.

It worked perfectly for about 2 months and then by the third month it started being unresponsive. While it was working properly I loved it but it has a lot of software and hardware issues.

I received this phone very fast and I was very pleased to see it in good condition just as described. New box was included. It arrived undamaged by the delivery service, and was Not just left outside. A few months (4) after using the phone without dropping it, and protected by the heavy duty silicone case, my phone started to randomly just shut completely off. I took it to the phone store with no luck they couldn't find anything wrong it but it kept happening every other day. Their only solution was to restart the phone every night to avoid this, however. 1 and a half years later it still does it even after restarting it. ??? Maybe Samsung has a few things to perfect. All in all a good product.

It works perfectly, screen is wide enough to watch clearly, it fits my mom's hands.Battery drowns so fast, i would have to buy an emergency charger.No complaints from my mom she loves it and it came on time, as the date stated on the delivery.

Does the camera have flash? I really need a new phone, but my current phone has flash which I love.

The phone was great, had it less than 3 months.  I put it down at a register and forgot it.  That's all she wrote.  Que sera sera

I am a cell phone fanatic.  Since January of 2012, the Galaxy SII is my 4th phone. This one, though, I plan to keep a while.As for looks, if a phone can be sexy, this one is. It is beautifully designed with a slim profile.  While it boasts a 4.52 inch amoled display screen, the space is used wisely, and the phone isn't much wider.  The size is perfect, not too large, and easy to hold even for a smaller female with average sized hands. The charging port is on the bottom of the phone, completely unobtrusive and out of the way.  The volume rocker is easily accessed on the left side of the phone, and the power button is on the right side.  Ideally, that would be my only change, and while a lot of people have complimented the placement of the power button, I would rather have it on top, because I find when I hit the power button, I often end up squeezing the phone on both sides, consequently also adjusting the volume.  Still, that is a minor issue at best.  The camera is located in the middle of the phone, which is excellent.  When taking picutres quickly, it is easy to keep my hands/fingers out of the viewfinder with the phone located in the middle.Speaking of pictures, this 8mp camera takes excellent photos.  I have gotten many compliments on the quality of the pics from this phone, so much so, that I now leave my point and shoot at home.  The front facing camera, while on the D710 model I have is 2MP, it still isn't wonderful, however for Skype calls and the like, it is a wonderful feature. But quality wise, you won't be setting the world on fire.In terms of the sound quality for calls, etc, this phone is excellent. Volume for music/movies, etc is very good.  Tones for alarms and alerts are loud enough as well.  The volume and clarity during calls is also excellent. Voices sound crisp, without distortion or the skips and jumps and small oddities you get with voice calls on cell phones. I understand that for this phone, Samsung abandoned previously used Wolfson chip, which has led a few people to comment on a missed opportunity to improve music sound/depth.  However, I am not at all unhappy with how music or movies sound on this phone.  I think there is a definite improvement over my previous phones, and music sounds as good as if I was using my ipod.As far as battery life goes, Smartphones in general suck, but I find that the SGII is better than some others.  I am on my phone constantly, and while at home and in the car, it is always plugged in, I don't have many issues with battery drain if I am out and about all day.  I have purchased an extended battery for the phone but have not used it yet.I feel like I am forgetting some key points, but all in all I have to say this is an excellent phone, and the service through Boost Mobile can't be beat.  In addition to their call centers, brick and mortar stores are available if you have service issues.  The shrinkage program is wonderful and allows me to save money but still have unlimited everything.  Boost utilizes Sprint's 4g/3g network, so make sure you have coverage with Sprint prior to purchase.  Sprint has improved dramatically over the past decade, and their coverage is actually very good. I haven't experienced any dropped or lost calls..  Not sure if that speaks for the quality of the phone itself, or the service, perhaps both.  Either way, I am more than satisfied with the service and the Galaxy SII.  If you have any questions, feel free to email me amybethlee70@gmail.com.

I had been part of the iPhone/Apple bandwagon and this phone opened up my eyes. This phone is way better than an iPhone, Android 4.0 is just amazing. I love the speed and animations, makes the iPhone OS6 look simple and dull. I have only been using Android phones for about a year I started with a Samsung Galaxy Prevail because I found one for $48. I upgraded my phone recently with the Cyber Monday Specials, this phone is just amazing. It has so much features, it's so alive I feel really connected with this phone. I recommend this phone to anyone that wants speed, quality, and style. I'm really impressed with this phone overall. Battery life could be better but maybe its just the firmware and an update might come out soon to fix that issue.Great phone and again, really impressed. I have always liked Samsung products.***UPDATE 04/26/13***I've had this phone for months, It's amazing. There still a lot of great things I'm learing about this phone. Just wanted to tell current Samsung Galaxy SII Owners to Install Samsung Kies on your Desktop/Laptop. It updates the phone to Jelly Bean 4.1.2  [...]

This phone is a machine! I love it! It is SUPER FAST! This Android has every feature that anyone could ask for when it comes to shopping for a Smartphone! THIS IS A MUST HAVE! I dont think that I will upgrade for a very long time after purchasing this Android! It is well worth the price. Boost Mobile is a excellent carrier for this phone.

I absolutely love this phone! It has all the features you could ever want and it takes amazing pictures! Surfing the web is super fast and the size of the screen is just perfect!

I love the size of the phone. It takes good pics, and I enjoy watching movies that comes in so clear.

Its a great phone works good very nice screen only problem i have is the phone was charging not all the way offf and i picked it up had a tex but the light dident flash telling me  my old warp.zte would do that  gues its minor but a phone cost as much as this one should do that lol

THE DELIVERY WAS OK. I WAS EXCITED WAITING FOR MY PHONE BUT THERE WAS A PROBLEM.  WHEN I CHARGED THE PHONE IT TAKES MORE THAN THE USUAL TO REACH 100%, THEN I USED THE PHONE ABOUT 30 MINUTES AND THE BATTERY WAS GONE.  I REGRET TO BUY THIS BECAUSE IS NOT WORKING RIGHT. BUT IF I SEND IT BACK I HAVE TO PAY FOR THE SHIPPING AGAIN AND I DON'T LIKE ITS RIGHT PAYING FOR SHIPPING TO RETURN A PHONE THAT DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY.
