
I LOVE THIS camera...err... phone.  This phone is based around the camera.  It looks weird with the large camera parts, but it takes great pictures.  And it is feature loaded.  Bluetooth, check.  FM radio, check.  FM radio/broadcast, check.  GPS, check.  Camera, check, and double check.  The digital zoom still isn't enough to really replace a dedicated camera, but since I don't like carrying around a camera, this is as close as it gets.  Pictures come out great!  Battery life is ok.  My wife's Nokia does better for battery life, and is smaller; but my pictures are better.  And for a guy, bigger isn't really and issue...  THANKS!

After owning the Nokia 808 PureView for several weeks, I came across the bug that some other reviewers have discussed here.I would really love to give this phone a high rating, as it really is a wonder. The PureView technology is quite amazing, producing stunning photos and videos. The Rich Recording technology is also a technical marvel. I recorded a high-volume concert and when replaying it, it sounded like a studio recording. These, among other improvements including UI enhancements with Belle FP2, generally snappy performance and otherwise overall improvement over the N8 and all other Nokia smartphones make this my dream phone-- except for a crippling, debilitating bug that renders the phone effectively useless as a... well... a phone.The connectivity issue began a few weeks in to owning the phone. Perhaps it had been happening earlier, without me knowing. But the issue has to do with the Nokia 808 dropping network connections and never recovering. Sometimes this would yield a reboot. Most times, you wouldn't even know there was a problem until you tried to make a phone call and couldn't (you'd just get dead silence). Text messages wouldn't send or come through. The internet wouldn't work either. Can you imagine a phone that doesn't work dependably as a phone? That is what the Nokia 808 PureView is, unless you use a "workaround" that hobbles the phone's data connection speed.Looking at Nokia's forums (of which I've been following closely, hoping for a fix), this issue was reported months ago from 808 users across the world, using different variants and different carriers, and we're still waiting for a fix. The only universally identified "workaround" is to disable HSPDA  (Settings => Connectivity => Admin. settings => Mobile data => High speed packet access: change to Disabled), and that seems to eliminate the connectivity issues on the AT&T; network (reports on T-Mobile's network are similar-- it doesn't seem this is carrier-specific) and the seemingly-connected reboots. However, as I mentioned this severely limits the speed of the phone and it still doesn't seem 100% stable at that. The reboot/hang-up would happen multiple times a day with HSDPA enabled.I really wish I could recommend the 808. I want to brag about it like I first did. Now I'm ashamed. I'm looking for other options, but so bummed because this WAS the phone I wanted. There is nothing that compares to it, technologically-speaking. I've been a long-time Nokia advocate, and while I still have faith in their imaging technology and hope it really makes its way to the new Lumia lineup, I feel like I've been beat up and abandoned by Nokia on this issue. There is no reason for something so major with a "flagship" device to take so long to address.But, if I can't use my phone as a phone then what's the point of it?

I got this phone thinking the only thing good about it is gonna be the camera.  WRONG!  This phone is amazing.  Found Symbian Belle to be quite attractive.  no crashes, no lagging. good call quality and signal reception.  Its a beauty!Nice features you dont find on other phones are:FM TransmitterDynamic microphones - (REALLY GOOD AUDIO) best audio ever heard on a compact device most full size camcorders do not compare. Check this video taken with this phone of the Foo Fighters playing live .. [...]WOW CAMERA - The 41MP is not a pixel war.  The large amount of pixels are to over-sample the image in return given quality pixels not that grainy junk most cell phones give.Also reg -that little bump on the back.  I was somewhat worried before i bought it that it would make to phone uncomfortable and weird.  The funny thing is that it actually gives the phones a good feel in hand.please do not compare to SLR cameras.  I have an SLR camera myself. love photography.  This phone gives you the picture quality as good as a typical compact camera if not better. With video and a soundtrack un-imaginable unless using full sized dynamic microphones.  What makes this phone so special to me is that it always in my pocket. unlike my compact camera.much more things i love about this phone but i can go on and on forever.Bottom line.....YOU'LL REGRET NOT BUYING THIS PHONE!

I picked this up because I'm always taking photos of the kid and whatnot with my mobile phone, and even the best mobile phone camera these days aren't great once when conditions are anything other than ideal.The camera on this thing is simply incredible.  Photo detail is amazing, low light performance is great, and video and sound are really, really good.  The basics of Symbian seem to work pretty well, though none of it is quite as polished as the latest iOS, Android and Win Phone devices.  It's definitely good enough for email, WhatsApp, browsing and music though, so it gets the job done especially as a backup or weekend phone.Unfortunately, I am having a really bad time with Wifi drops.  Nokia is looking into it, and I don't think everyone is having the issue, but there are definitely some people who have the problem so it's at least somewhat common.If the Wifi was stable, I'd rate this as 5 stars for sure -- the camera is really as good as people say.  Nokia is going to have a killer device if they get this onto Windows Phone 8 in a few months.Update:Ok, enabling WMM on my home network seemed to resolve the dodgy Wifi issues I've seen, so overall the device is working much better now.  I know I said 5 stars with solid Wifi, but that fact that I had to update my Wifi settings indicates there's at least something fishy going on.  Well, either that or I have a pretty non-standard Wifi setup.  Four stars for an awesome camera.

I was intrigued by the lens and sensor by Carl Ziess, and decided to buy the phone just for the camera, and turned out to be hugely disappointed. Maybe my expectation for this is too high, but the whole sale point of the phone is the camera, right?First thing that bothers me, is the field of depth. For a f/2.4 lens, you will expect you can archive a narrow field of depth, but the fact is, the photos taken from this camera looks like f/8, or f/11 photos. This camera cannot blur out the background at all. I would say this is a f/8 equivalent lens. In these photos, you will see what I mean by field of depth is too largeSecond, the photos lack dynamic range. Comparing with a DSLR, for instance, if a photo is under exposed or over exposed 1 step, or 2, you can adjust the image in post processing, and still getting a somewhat usable photo. For this nokia, you cannot. You may be able to push exposure 1/2 a step, and the noise shown in the adjusted image is not usable. So you have to rely on the camera to get very accurate exposure, and the camera cannot do it. It constantly overexpose 1/2 to me. I guess the reason is that it use a very simple metering system. I wish you can adjust between point metering/ evaluative metering/ matrix metering, but the function is not there.Third, the focusing system is not working. I was trying to take a photo of my wife, like a 50mm lens standard portrait shot, and the focusing keeps failing. There is no way you can focus the eyes. The focusing windows is tracking the whole head, and give you a random focus, which is not sharp at all. I try to switch between close focus, hyperfocus, and infinity, the only thing works is when you get really close and use close focus, but that's not frame I wanted for the photo.What else bothers me is the when taking photo at 16:9, the colors on the two long ends looks really bad compare to the colors at top and bottom center. I have to take photos at 4:3.Anyway. I am a Canon 5D3 shooter, and I always wanted a small, high quality camera. This nokia looks good on paper, but fail to deliver in reality.I will revise my rating to 3 stars instead of 2. I agree with the one of the comments I get "The phone does not have a removable lens therefore should not be compared to any DSLR or even micro 4/3 cameras. You should compare it to point and shoots. A fairer comparison would be for other cell phones. "The bottom line, this phone's camera is better than iPhone, or android phone. But for $700, on camera end, Sony Nex-5N, or a Canon T3i will be  better.edit-7/17. I have discovered something I would appreciate a lot for this camera, its video recording capacity, especially the zoom feature. You can zoom in a lot without losing quality. And the focus tracking  is doing pretty well. The video capacity will for sure make me re-evaluate this device.I have checked out the camerapro app. It is a great addon, which give you greater control of the camera and allow you to save 41mp photos

I think many reviewers have already pointed out that this phone has connectivity issues when coming in and going out of weak 3G/ hspa+ coverage areas.  Non U.S variants of this phone simply reboot constantly while the U.S variants like the ones sold here on Amazon stay on deceptively showing full reception bars while the phone can't make/ receive calls, text messages or even access the internet until you reboot it.  This puts you in a paranoid state of mind where you constantly check the phone (like placing constant test calls) just to make sure that the phone hasn't dropped its network connection.  The only workaround so far is turning off hspa+ but even this doesn't solve the issue completely as I unhappily discovered one recent evening when a friend waiting downstairs to pick me up couldn't get through.  Needless to say I have now returned this phone back to Amazon until this issue gets resolved.  Apart from this major problem, everything about this phone has been as good as advertised.  The camera is flawless exceeding even my high expectations and Symbian is as functional and even easier to get a hang of as some of the major operating systems out there.  I will definitely look to re purchase this phone once the above described problem has been fixed.Update:  It was just recently reported on the Nokia Discussion Forums that the problem has been pin pointed as being hardware related to a bad capacitor on the main board.  I would definitely stay away from this phone until Nokia addresses this issue with what now may lead to a product recall.  This really is bad news as it was generally assumed until now that this was something software related that would have been easily fixable by a software update.[...]

The Symbian software is not all that bad if you're not looking for all the apps that an iPhone or Android device can run.  That said, it does have a number of bugs.  For example, every now and then, I found it would heat up.  Additionally, the 3G network bug that causes it to reset has not been completely fixed.  I would have not ultimately returned it had these issue not been present.However, none of this was to mentioned the remarkable camera.  If you plan to use this device only in auto mode, you probably should consider another camera phone.  It does a great job in all modes, but you really have to use the advanced features to appreciate the quality of the camera.  It can compete with some DSLRs and wins hands down in terms of portability.  Consider it a highly portable DSLR alternative.Bottom Line:  If you buy it for the camera, you can't go wrong.  But don't expect much from the phone side, and be prepared to deal with a few bugs.

This was my last nokia phone i love the phone as I love the symbian OS. The phone is what i expected. It's as fast as it should be and  symbian is what it is not matter what i love this phone. It's not the fastest or most hi end of phones but it's great for what it is An amazing camera phone and capable smartphone. All in all I love this phone from Nokia.

I wont go into all the usual phone and photo stuff, except to say that much that has been said about this phone is true. Takes a bit of getting used to, the UI is not as refined as the latest/greatest Androids or Windows phones- i would judge it comparable to the six year old iPhone UI, give or take.Instead of the phone and camera, I want to point out what happens when you use it's other capabilities.1. You can store boatloads of music, movies, photos, books without paying an arm and a leg for more memory. You can have a clean, 80 gig capability (with the added 64 gig card, only $55 or so), with the USB appearing as just another USB drive on your computer or wherever you transfer your music/movies from. No need for a separate app like itunes or Zune.2. YOu can pipe music into your home receiver or car, no wires needed, it has an FM radio transmitter built right in.3. You can connect to the home TV for spectacular movies and sound - Dolby 5.1, even, with the standard, micro HDMI connector, or use the DLNA capability to connect wirelessly if your TV can do that.4. When connected via HDMI, the phone screen appears on the TV, and you can therefore do your simple office work - docs, spreadsheets, email using the office apps or email. the screen shows vertical if you hold the phone vertically, or horizontally if you rotate the phone. Absolutely, totally cool.5. Battery life: My battery lasts over 2 days when I keep data on for email and text, but 3G off. When I need 3G, simply turn it on via a button on the home screen.6. Sound recording capability: nothing out there even begins to compare with the dynamic range and sensitivity. I can, and have, (just to test) recorded my own breathing from a few inches off.7. Industry-standard connectors for audio, USB and HDMI, Bluetooth, no special, expensive connectors needed.8. Any common USB charger works; not locked to a specific brand.9. You can connect it to a bluetooth keyboard and mouse, then connect to Microsoft apps online or google docs on the web and get some work done - with the hdmi connector to a nice big screen - yes, I did, with a Microsoft bluetooth keyboard and mouse. It works fine. Go figure.I could go on and on.You know, it ends up that you can pretty much use this as a basic computer if the need arises.The guys who put this phone together, I gotta tell you: they done their homework, and more.

Amazon now shows customers complaining about the item, Here's the scoop: Nokia is shipping the 808 with a new firmware that enforces China law on the U.S. = There is no way to disable the camera sounds with the latest firmware. In a totalitarian state I see this as a given but when I shoot wildlife or want to take a picture of my child performing on stage, clearly camera sounds are poor etiquette. There is no law in the US requiring the camera to make a beep then clap sound for each picture taken as this camera does. This is a prime example of oppression by bigoted prejudiced fools..I will be returning all 3 Nokia 808's I've ordered.

For all of the Nokia bashing by the media over the past few years, the 808 has been a breath of fresh air for me.  The PureView tech on this device makes dedicated picture and video devices a thing of the past...at least when it comes to high quality point and shoot cameras.  In fact, unless you absolutely need a DSLR, this phone will do it all. Sound quality is also off the charts...with the "Rich Recording" and full DOLBY capabilities inside the 808.  It also packs a super sized XENON flash for night-time stills AND a hi powered LED for evening video (+ flashlight).Browser: The default browser is OK but lags behind the competition.  Easily solved by installing Opera Mobile and/or Opera Mini. Opera Mobile is leading most benchmarks.  Like the browser on the iPhone, Opera does not support flash.  However, the default browser is Flash Lite capable.UI:  Very smooth and fluid.  Belle FP1 is IMO on par with Android 2.3...in terms of the user experience.Apps: Of course, you will have to settle for less apps (~30K for the 808).  That being said, 9 times out of 10 I have found a Belle version of a popular app...or at least a near proxy.  No Kindle Reader app.  Skype does not yet offer video calling via its client...though the device itself is fully capable.As for games...the dedicated GPU is a screamer...so it performs well. From Angry Birds, to Raging Thunder 2, Real Golf 2011, Fruit Ninja...there's plenty to choose.  However, it cannot compare to the game selection offered by Apple.Battery: Excellent...close to 2 days with average use.  Also removable.Build:  Solid.  The polycarbonate chassis feels good in the hand and exudes quality.  The camera hump is not so huge, considering the massive sensor inside.  The curved gorilla glass on the front of the device is terrific and really adds to the unique design.  The camera is also protected by gorilla glass.Screen:  For me, the visibility in sunlight is incredible.  Colors really pop. It's a full RGB AMOLED (with Nokia's Clear Black tech), so even though the 640x360 resolution is much less than the competitions' resolution...the end result is quite OK for me.e-mail:  E-mail client is solid.Keyboard:  OK, but getting an upgrade soon. You can also use the SWYPE keyboard, which can be downloaded for free.Navigation:  Two words: awesome + global.Call quality:  excellent.Signal:  Nokia is tops, as usual, in the signal reception area.  In addition, this is a pentaband 3.5G phone...so you can take it just about anywhere in the world. Works on both AT&T; and T-mobile stateside.I can do a lot with this phone in terms of media creation and consumption.  It handles all sorts of CODECs, allows full file access/wireless file transfer (wifi, BT), USB On The Go, etc. etc.To really get the most out of this device, I installed:  1) Opera Mobile-free, 2) Gravity (for my Google Reader, Facebook, Foursquare and Twitter requirements)-15 bucks, 3) MS Office Suite-free, 4) Skype voice only-free, 5) Molome-IM client for free, 6) Nokia Social-free, 7) CuteBox for dropbox-free and/or SugarSync-free and/or Skyfiles-free, 8) HandySafe Pro-3 bucks, 9) Nokia Sleeping Screen-free, Nokia Big Screen-free (for HDMI output with remote to big screen TV).

if you like take photoes, it is your choice. because the camera is  amazing and it has photo editing function too. you can make a great picture, just use this phone and publish on facebook right now.If you like to travel, it is your choice too, because no matter where you go , you can get the local map and GPS signal.If you want a free version angery bird, it is becuase you buy this phone, you will got this game at same time.you can check e-mail and do other thing which other smart phones can do.conclusion is if you want a great smart phone and you want make your choice differnt than others, this is your phone.

I absolutely love this phone! It fits my needs to a T - although my needs may not be the same as yours. For instance, I'm not a social butterfly and don't do Facebook or Twitter. What I do love about this phone is the amazing camera and video capabilities, music playback/streaming abilities, and Maps with voice guidance.The camera is the true star of this phone and plenty has been written and reviewed about it, so I won't go into this other than to say that even a non-photographer such as myself can take some fantastic pics. Check some of the Flickr groups to see what this phone is capable of. It is truly jaw-dropping. I am dedicated to improving my camera skills thanks to the Pureview. And knowing that you have a world class camera with you AT ALL TIMES is a great feeling.For music- I'm a big fan of internet radio and there are plenty of options with Symbian/Nokia Belle. They have their own very nice Internet Radio app (great home screen widget) available free in the Ovi store. I also found another free and capable app called RadioSymba that is available via SourceForge. But I love and use LCG Jukebox (paid app) from Lonely Cat Games. Get it.Regarding the bugs that much has been written about in these reviews and elsewhere: the rebooting issue manifested after 2-3 weeks of ownership but now has disappeared. I'm not sure if it was something I did to stabilize the phone, but it's rock solid now. In fact, it has the best call quality in my basement (notorious black hole) than any phone I've had. No drops or disconnects.What I did: 1) Reinstalled the OS through Nokia Suite 2) turned APN control off (settings> connectivity> settings> APN Control- long press, it will scan the SIM and then report Access Unrestricted. Hope that helps. FWIW: I have T-Mobile and got a new micro-sim rather than cutting down an old one. Speaking of T-Mobile (and why I love Nokia)-- my first Nokia phone was the 5230 Nuron T-Mobile branded/locked. When T-Mo introduced that phone they offered unlimited high speed data for $10/mo. Why? They didn't consider Nokia/Symbian to be a "smartphone" (thanks iPhone/Android snobbery). I realized that by sticking with Symbian and Nokia's  pentaband tuners I have truly unlimited 3.5G data for $10 a month and a flagship device.Nokia Maps are the standard bearer of the industry and work flawlessly, and voice guidance is amazing. I listen to music as I travel (of course) and the music fades for instructions and then resumes. I find that I never even have to look at the map! Nokia City Lens is also a very cool tool and works on the 808 (but there is a trick to it). Google maps also work, plus many other map options and accessory tools free from the Ovi store.Vlingo Virtual Assistant is another cool tool for voice recognition tasks. Speak a text or email, call a friend, search the Web: I've composed texts with this when I don't feel like typing.Wifi works flawlessly at home or out and about. Last week I sat outside in front of a car repair shop for 3 hrs. and streamed internet radio using their wifi.FM Transmitter is here as well and I use this in my wife's car as her in-dash stereo does not have aux inputs.Dukto is an app that lets you send files to or from your PC wirelessly and works great.I feel that with this phone I have every function covered for what one should realistically expect from a smartphone. About the only thing not available is a Netflix app. But, really, do I want to watch movies on a 4 inch screen? No, I don't. In fact I rarely use YouTube on my phone.Bottom line: this phone is for the discriminating connoisseur who doesn't feel the need to be part of the herd.Accessories I use:EMPIRE Nokia 808 PureView Poly Skin Case Cover (Clear "V" Shape) [EMPIRE PackagingNokia 02732Q6 HH-23 PureView 808 Tripod Mount - Retail Packaging - BlackJoby GP1-A1EN GorillaPod Flexible Tripod (Grey and Black)SanDisk Ultra 64 GB microSDXC Class 10 UHS-1 Memory Card 30MB/s with Adapter SDSDQUA-064G-U46A

The camera is awesome, the very best one that I've ever seen. It makes the photos taken from all of the other phones that I ever owned look like trash. I had no problems using it with my Simple Mobile plan, and the sound quality on it's music player is great.

If Androids and i-phones are smart phones, then Symbian products do not qualify as such. You shouldn't think of the 808 as a smart phone with a great camera but rather an above average point and shoot with crude features similar to those found on real smart phones.I started reading about the 808 at least 4 months before it finally shipped. I was so excited to get a smart phone with a real camera, I pre-ordered one 2 months out. My 808 is the penta band model (not all of Amazon's are) which I thought might be useful when I travel internationally. The micro-sim enclosure is a very thin, hinged metal clasp with very tiny lock slots. Installing the sim card took an hour and a half and I'm afraid to ever open the enclosure again. The micro SD housing is the same awful design. Have fun swapping sim cards while traveling; and be very, very careful.Since Symbian is officially dead don't expect many updates or new software. The selection of apps is pathetically small and there are very few trials or free versions. Nearly all the apps I've tried are inferior to Droid/iOS offerings.The pre-installed Ovi Maps is a joke compared to Google Maps. There is no voice search, The address finder is very weak and has little tolerance for spelling mistakes. It does not instinctively switch day/night mode, it displays the destination flag off-screen and it anticipates your turns even when you are too confused to actually turn. While desperately trying to find your way out of a giant suburban parking lot, Ovi Maps will assume you're still on one of the major streets, offering no clue about your actual position.  I thought I could install Google Mobile Maps as a workaround. Well I did, but the next day I installed the Symbian FP1 update and now Google Maps doesn't work. Thanks Nokia!If you think you're going to use this phone to take pictures and find your way around while traveling, you'd better get some extra batteries. On a recent trip (I wanted pictures of) I unplugged the charger around noon, shot twelve stills, three short videos of about a minute each, and used GPS/maps for about two hours. I also had a two minute phone conversation, surfed the web for ten minutes and sent three text messages. The battery was completely dead by 8pm and I didn't get any more pictures.Call quality is very muffled on both ends and sounds worse than any smart phone I've ever used (my carrier is AT&T;), predictive text/auto correct is so frustrating I turned it off, there's no way to select multiple photos to send or delete, there's no built in lense cover; I could go on and on.I do like the camera and the lanyard though. And the texture. I no longer feel excited but rather foolish for wasting so much money on such a primitive operating system. If this phone ran Android it would be a monster.

I've never talked about Samsung's products because they are so awful. For me, just Nokia's and Apple's.With Iphone I think I'm in prison, I can't block unwanted calls and I can't record any phone calls. My Dad's so sick and old, I really want to listen to his voice in the future when he d...sorry. (I haven't lived near my Dad for years)So listen to me: The Symbian Old Man can do the things perfectly with Blacklist and Calls Recorder.And here's my view:808 &lt; Iphone  but  808 + Ipad > Iphone + Ipad.Are you OK?

I had a smaller and cheaper Nokia smart phone, also purchased through Amazon, but it was just a bit too small for reading e-mail, so I opted for a somewhat larger phone with a better camera. I read all the reviews of the camera on this phone, some of which are amazing, and decided to go for it. (A new Nokia phone running the microsoft software with this really excellent camera is due out shortly in the form of a lumia 1000+)I've had the pure view for a just about a year, and I am very pleased with phone. Given that Symbian operating system has been dropped, surprisingly, it has been upgraded several times during the year, improving battery life and map program.I take a lot of photos on the road, at family events etc, and find that I take most of them with my phone. This phone with it s no loss zoom (up to about 3x), excellent low light sensitivity and decent xenon flash is really excellent. Better than the last two high end sony point and shoots (but for the zoom). The camera interface and buttons are also excellent.It also has a light for indoor movies, which doubles as a flash light, the latter of  which I've found VERY useful a few times.As a phone it is very clear, resaonably sensitive, dialing is easy, often easier than on comparable Samsungs or Apples.As a music machine, its surprisingly good, better than many stand alone mp3 players that I've sampled.The Nokia suite does a wonderful job of syncing across computers, micro soft outlook, photos, messages, etc -- all without having to use a cloud (privacy losing) transfer system. This program is really excellent, and allows one to text from one's keyboard, and makes using the phone as a modem (tehering) really easy--if you have a plan that allows this feature of the phone.The syms are easily swapped out for European travel, as are the maps, which reside in the phone so you don't need to have access to a data plan to use them. On a good day the map program will place you within just a few feet of where you actually are. Very useful when walking around in a foreign city, where data may not be available or be very expensive.The screen is very clear--albeit a bit low resolution--and bright--easily seen in most day light settings.Overall, it really functions as my all in one machine for e-mail, calander, camera, gps, and phone.It has a few apps that seem to work better than the competition, but there are many times, perhaps once a month where a hear of an app that would be a bit useful, and some obviously so (as with a kindle reader) etc.This is not really a major problem, but rather one that hits just slightly at a variety of margins.I give it 4 rather than 5 stars only because of the occasional glitches that I run into about once every month or two, as the phone locks up for one reason or another. Normally this can be fixed by turning the phone off, or in extreme cases taking the battery out. Its usually not clear what cause it, but sometimes it a lack of processor speed.But for the occasional glitch, its really a fine smart phone -- camera. The old Symbian operating system is not really a significant draw back. The various home screens are easy to customize, and many of the widgets are well thought out and easy to use. Several are better than their droid - apple alternatives.

I really liked this phone, it had great potential. I absolutely loved the camera but there were a lot of faults to this phone that I would like to address regarding the OS (Operating System) and some things I don't like.1. The music player has no search functionality, if you want to find a specific song you will have to browse through your entire library in order to find it.2. The phone needs a better camera stabilizer. Come on, it has a 41 megapixel camera and it can't use any of the extra pixels in order to maintain a stabilized footage?3. No panorama mode4. Little to no apps. The free app to paid app ratio is enormous. It's like 1 free app for every 6 paid apps.5. The headphone jack is on the top (Just something I dislike)6. The camera bumper on the back provides a really bad weight distribution causing for a very bulky phone and uncomfortable to hold if I might add.

Love this phone but it stopped working after 10 weeks. Nokia says that it is not under warranty in the US so I cannot get a free shipping label to send it back to them for a warranty repair. The phone was always buggy and needed to be restarted a lot. When I went to restart it yesterday it would not restart. I tried removing battery and doing a hard reset by holding down different buttons but no luck. Then I have to spend an hour on the phone with Nokia trying to get a shipping label so I can even send it back to them for them to look at. For some reason the IMEI on this phone is not valid for warranty because I bought it off of amazon. com. not goodUPDATE:After emailing back and forth with Nokia for a day and a half, I sent one email to amazon.com and got a return shipping label and a full refund. Then after waiting another day for Nokia to send me a shipping label, I sent my phone back to amazon. Nokia did eventually send me a shipping label but it was too late. Communicating with Nokia was very frustrating. I am going to miss this phone, but I don't think having it is worth the possibility of having to deal with Nokia customer service again. If someone is purchasing this phone I would suggest checking your IMEI with nokia at [...] upon receipt of the phone. Having an IMEI that does not check out on Nokia's web site will delay getting a repair should your phone break within the one year warranty period

I am delighted with this purchase.  Congratulations to Nokia for their discernment, and understanding that this technology has it's place and it's customer.  It is a pleasure to use the camera of course, but as critics point out, it's audio performance is also outstanding and I hear tones which are indeed (also) pure!Happy customer Tony Englishman.

Pros:1.) Free offline GPS w/ turn by turn directions (no monthly fees)2.) Amazing camera (if u adjust/experiment settings, the photos are outstanding!)3.)Huge storage with sd card (for movies, or unlimited photos/ music, etc..)4.)NFC/bluetooth (easily connects to any NFC speaker sys. w/ just a tap)5.) Durable phone (dropped it several times already still no scratch, and sometimes holding it with wet hands)6.) Dolby sound (w/ headphone speaker the sound is amazing!)7.) performance is pretty fast & responsive for me (I install App Stop)8.) Battery is pretty good and doesn't overheat unlike my other Nokia E71 (maybe bec. of its metal back case)...and more...Cons:1.) Wi-fi bug/picky (can't connect to my Dlink Dir655 router) but have no problem connecting to airports & hotel wi-fi, weird!)2.) Limited apps (my important needs so far are covered & I rarely play games on a small screen, but if u like tons of apps, and games is a priority this might not be for u)Summary: I love this phone! It's my all-in-one working phone, no need to buy separate camera & GPS..YAY!!------------------------May 27, 2013 Update:I updated my router's firmware, and check "Enable DMZ", then entered phone's IP address. Now I can connect to home wi-fi...YAY finally,thank goodness!!Oh I love FM transmitter. Our cars don't have Bluetooth so this feature is a big help. Easy to use (turn the app ON & type station you want. Then turn on radio in that station, that's it!). Sound quality seems better than wired (when I paired in corolla s)...so happy!...and if you need to make your sound sys wireless buy this awesome device:HomeSpot NFC-enabled Bluetooth Audio Receiver for Sound System

Update 10/23/2012: Nokia City Lens does not work with Last Belle update(s)!!! oficial:[...]!!! The connectivity problem Is NOT fixed with FP2!!! Plus it removed some futures![...]and[...]The phone is awesome and the best upgrade for my N8. For all the good reviews, I can add that 3 people with IPhones lost direction to the address we met with friends... but "Nokia Drive" pointed right to the mail box location! The "Nokia Maps Suite" is amazing! Looks like it works including the parcel precision geocoding!+ Sound Quality;+ Mail (mail Exchange) good support with calendar;+ FM transmitter;+ GPS (works without SIM attached);+ Music support is so flexible;+ two times more memory than in n8 :) (not a lot but plus)+ fast CPU - (good enough for Symbian - Belle)+ social implementationI am not gamer.. I need to keep several email accounts, echange mail, social + LinkedIn, the whole Maps suite + Nokia City Lens and sure CAMERA! This phone is the best for such needs.However, I join the previous review by trebor:I was watching technically this phone since of its release. I am N8 camera-phone (yes, camera is first then phone) owner who really wants this upgrade. According to the technical reviews and Nokia support discussions for N series and how my N8 behaves after the last OS upgrade, I prefer to wait till cellular problems are fixed in OS for the all Belle divices. I decided to do this review since this price a "little" high for the phone that is not really refreshing and even "hanging" after losing the weak cellular signal. I want this review to be helpful and this is probably the best way to bring Nokia's developers team attention!I am on US T-mobile and, in my N8, I set T-Mobile's access point to IPv6 - so that no "crashes" for about week.Hope will give more positive review after I finally buy my dream Nokia 808.

Symbian Belle is underrated! Its a very capable OS, and if someone is trying to tell you otherwise, they are lying. All the essential apps are covered, its stable, and it runs quite well on the provided hardware. The screen resolution can be higher, but overall during daily usage its fine.. you have to be looking really close to find any visible pixels. The outdoor viewing experience is excellent, even under direct sunlight, the screen remains visible.. great for taking photos.The 808 is a very well built device, probably one of the best on the market. I was at a AT&T; store today and held it next to a GS2..the samsung felt really cheap in comparison. The 808 feels solid, and the size/weight ratio is not bad at all.. I was expecting it to feel much bigger in hand, but it does not, considering the huge camera sensor, the phone is nicely balanced.I don't think I can say enough nice words about the camera.. its such a complete package, that it really bring mobile photography on whole new level. The range of effectiveness is much broader than any other smartphone on the market.. from a powerful xenon flash,great detail, accurate color reproduction, low noise in low light, zooming without loosing detail in stills and video... the list goes on, and on.. simply amazing. The guys at Nokia really did a great job on the camera, from the interface to the hardware. Bravo!highly recommended for people who want a solid smartphone with a proper camera on the back.I would rate it 8.5 / 10

If you want the BEST camera phone hands down, there is NO other choice.People who are critical of the Symbian OS based on past experiences are really missing out with the version of Symbian on this phone (Belle FP2).I had the Nokia N8 also, and this phone is light years ahead of that phone in performance. Nokia Belle FP2 is a smooth and polished OS now compared to previous versions on older phones.I can stream music from the internet, and surf the web at the same time now without any lag or performance issues.Multi-tasking is amazing on this phone.While Nokia store is slowing down, and nowhere near the level of Apple and Android app stores, there are still tons of great apps and games for Symbian. (also no Nokia Music store on the 808 for USA, only for Lumia phones here)Also not a lot of accessories for this phone, but since it has bluetooth & NFC chip, you can use a lot of accessories even made for other phones.This phone will also take a 64GB micro SD, which is awesome.Also... the CR-122 Nokia car holder that I used for my N8 fits the 808, if you are looking for a good car holder.and you can also use the (slightly less capacity) batteries made for the N97 (BL-4D) in the 808 to keep an extra backup battery on hand.As long as you are not buying this phone to play the latest games or get the latest applications, you will LOVE this phone.

I changed my GS3 to this phone and this is absolutely best phone in the market right now. Build quality is amazing and also Symbian is working quite nicely in this one. Galaxy had bigger screen but build quality was next to nothing, 808 beats SG3 easily in build quality and I think that also the screen is better, at least it is more readable when you are using it outside. Camera is amazing, picture quality is better than in my Lumix LX3. I don't need digital camera any more, this phone is more than enought.

The Nokia 808 PureView is a premium device! Beautiful! Excellent construction, elegant finish, nice to hold on hand! High quality materials!Not cheap plastic feel as most high end smartphones.The best camera, for me, it replaces my camcorder and my digital camera very well.The screen reproduces colors and images beautifully, and what amaze me is that you can see it clearly outside under the sun.You can create up to 6 different desktops with 6 different backgrounds. I use one for all my preferred contacts, one for my games, one for music, one for my family foto, one for gallery and the main desktop for clock time, weather, messaging, etc.In Nokia Store I found the applications and games to suit my needs, for example I have downloaded Opera browser, Nokia Battery Monitor, Skype, Ebbudy messanger, Nokia Internet Radio, Nokia Trailers, Gravity, Spotify, Accuweather, Pick Sticks, Angry Birds, Gems, Maze Classic, Fruit Ninja, Shrekkart, Need for Speed, etc.To obtain clear pictures easily, when using the camera, just tap on the screen the place where you want to focus the camera and then take the picture.I would like to see more Nokia Belle updates, it is a friendly OS and I like all the features included like:- 41 MP Camera- Full HD 1080p Recording- Multitasking- FM Transmitter- FM Radio- Dolby Sound- GPS- NFC- Bluetooth- Pentaband- ClearBlack display- Support for a Bluetooth Mouse and a Keyboard- Rich Recording- Micro HDMI output- 3.5 mm audio jack output- Night clock as a stand by screen- DLNA for watching video on your HD TV- MicroSIM and 64GB MicroSD card support (up to 80GB storage).- Clock alarms- All the basic functions for a smartphone: SMS, MMS, WiFi, Email, Calendar, music and video players, Nokia Maps, Office Suite, calculator, file manager, Nokia Belle Updates, Adobe Reader, Notes, Clock, Image Viewer, Camera, Nokia Store, etc.And of course, the 41 Megapixel camera!!!8MP, 5MP and 3MP for normal use.38 MP for a whole view.Pictures taken with this phone have a great detail, real colours and you can zoom to see many details!!And the good news, you can adjust many setting to suit your needs or use automatic mode for casual use.As a comment, before Nokia 808 PureView I was using a Galaxy Note. Note is a good phone but Nokia 808 PureView is a great smartphone!- Nokia 808 has well placed the volume buttons, easy to operate compared with Galaxy Note.- The Nokia 808 lock button feels good. In the Galaxy Note sometimes is annoying to operate.- The Galaxy Note back button is badly placed, it is very easy to accidentally press it.- Camera button on Nokia 808 PureView is a plus.- The size, excellent to carry it everywhere.All functionalities in the same package!!!

Nokia 808 PureView Unlocked Phone with a 41 MP Camera with Carl Zeiss Optics--U.S. Warranty (White)Update: just updated my Nokia 808 Belle refresh, it's really improved performance, very good keyboard with predictive text + photo gallery is a lot of improvements and the music player now actually easy to use. Phone is still has WOW factor. DO NOT TRUST * OR ** REVIEWS.Nokia 808 purview will satisfy  any amateur photographer who likes to snap a few pictures on the go, camera performance on par with some cameras $500 to $700 range, so many reviews about camera and 41 MP, I only can add that my experience camera performance is amazing, top notch, superb.Phone is gorgeous, show stopper. The phone looks like from Science Fiction and in the crowd of omnipresent IPHONES definitely stands out. Nokia 808 even in specs looks big but does not feel like it's too heavy for me so can't complaints about size or weight.One of the perks of Nokia phones is free offline navigation, I did download map of my state but I could not use it offline but problem had the easy fix, just restore the phone.To restore. This command restores the original (i.e. factory) settings and does not affect documents or files stored on the device. Email settings need to be recreated after the reset. This command is the same as the command *#7780# (just type this on the keypad) typed on the keypad. When resetting the device, you may be prompted to give a lock code. If the lock code has not been changed, the default code is 12345.If you looking for gaming system phone you better get an IPHONE. On my Nokia 808 battery life is not so great I could get two days of moderate use (used camera a lot, 3 hours WIFI, GPS navigation maybe one hour).So overall if you want to own piece of great technological advancement and have a gorgeous CAMERA phone in your pocket the Nokia 808 pureview is your only choice.

** Dear Amazon/TABLET DISTRIBUTORS, you sent me the wrong phone. This one does not have a US Warranty.**It cannot be overstated how good the camera is on this phone. I have had great fun playing with it and it worked so well that I was leaving my SLR at home more and more. But I have no choice but to return it.For the record, I am among the last die-hard Nokia/Symbian fans having used Nokias almost exclusively since the days of pre-Cingular AT&T; wireless and the Nokia 2160. I have so many retired Nokias (and chargers) it's pathetic. I (predictably) moved to the 808 from the brilliant Nokia N8 which I absolutely loved.So it is with a heavy heart that I send my 808 Pureview back to Amazon. Here is a short list of what has gone wrong:- Utterly unstable. Unlike with my N8, Spotify and SportsTracker cause the phone to restart constantly. I have not been able to record a single workout and I celebrate when I can listen to more than 20 minutes of music without a reboot. Google Maps for Symbian, though unsupported for years by Google, worked well on my N8 but crashes unpredictably on the 808. Nokia Maps, for me, is not a reliable substitute for Google Maps.- Loss of tethering: apparently, due to FCC rule changes, using JoikuSpot Premium (which cost me $10) to tether via adhoc WiFi is no longer possible on the 808. Infrastructure mode has never been supported by Symbian. So Bluetooth/USB tethering is the only option which is highly inconvenient and not an option on my tablet.- I have been suffering from the 3G drop-out issue, where, for no reason, the phone drops off AT&T;'s 3G network and I am unable to receive calls or texts. I thought Amazon temporarily pulled the phone until this was corrected so this is a big disappointment. This means I also have to find an adapter or get a new SIM to use a backup phone while waiting for a replacement which leads me to my biggest problem.- Despite "U.S. Warranty" in the description, what I received from Tablet Distributors is not a US phone. I entered the IMEI into Nokia's support page hoping for warranty replacement only to receive the error, "Out of Warranty in the U.S.A."So the phone is going back and I am writing this review, not sure what to do next. I still need a new phone. Do I risk getting another 808 (I love the camera that much) or finally abandon the Nokia ship and get a Nexus 4 and separate camera (Canon's S110 comes to mind)? I may update this when I make a decision.Hopefully this helps someone.Update - 3/10/2013I ordered another 808, this time directly from Amazon and for more money. The first thing I did on receiving it was to verify the warranty. I was relived to see that it had one, so I proceeded to re-install all my apps, setup my email, re-install Spotify and Maps, etc.. The same problems resurfaced almost immediately. Falling off the network, rebooting at random whether I was using it or not. I wear a Bluetooth headset throughout the day and I could hear the headset disconnect and reconnect while it was rebooting in my pocket. So I called Nokia and spoke to a service representative hoping for a little empathy and a quick replacement. At first I was told to RMA with the vendor. When I mentioned that I had already done that, I got barely restrained contempt as I was instructed to type in the address for Nokia support and fill in their form for a service request.Turnaround on the service request was quick though, 5 days instead or the 7-10 days I was promised. I got a different (rebuilt) replacement. It had a different IMEI number, MAC address, etc.. and, curiously, the MAC address seemed to be older (at least numerically earlier) than the one I sent.After leaving AT&T; with my fifth new SIM card in two months, the phone rebooted, without prompting, three times before I could leave the parking lot. I quietly hoped that it was just the new phone installing updates (though no firmware updates were needed, just bundled software). I set about installing updates, re-installing my apps, setting up my GMail account (which I now have to use via IMAP as Google has disabled Mail for Exchange support), re-syncing Spotify, setting up Maps. The phone is STILL as unreliable and unpredictable as ever. I spent nearly 12 hours before realizing I had no phone service and no data the following day, because this phone, my third 808, had dropped off the network. Then it frustrated me ever more later that same day, while driving, for 10 minutes straight while I had to pull over to wait for multiple reboots to get it to work long enough to use the map for directions. I have only had phone number three for two days as I write this.I am officially over it. I cannot in good conscience recommend this to anyone. It is now too late to return it to Amazon.Update - 4/2/2013Nokia Customer care has yet to accept my 2nd RMA request, I keep getting emails saying "We are experiencing some system difficulties in completing your repair request". It has been nearly two weeks. I just spoke with a Nokia customer care person who asked me for the IMEIs of phones number two and three, then told me my issue would be "escalated" and that I should expect a call in two to four days. Meanwhile, I have gone back to my Nokia N8 which, despite being very slow and having an old, weak battery, is still reliable.

Excellent in every way. Camera is top notch ... sound is awesome ... Symbian works without a hitch. Forget about the reviews from people that think they know it all and have to  find fault with a product to make themselves feel important and intelligent. The Nokia 808 is a great phone /camera  with an older OS which has learned from its mistakes.

I was a big supporter of Nokia and Symbian in particular. I owned N73, N82 and N8 before buying 808. I was among the first to buy the phone from Amazon. Unfortunately this phone has major problems most likely hardware related. There is no ideal phone, and I was always able to find a workaround for a minor problem here and there, but not this time. The phone freezes often, reboots with no warning. Sometimes you notice this, sometimes you only see the home screens are updating as you scroll through them, and you realize the phone did reboot. In my case time to time the screensaver does not work (confirmed by many others on Nokia forums). When I press the lock button, phone locks but the home screen still shows, draining the battery. Even taking the battery, memory card and SIM card out for several minutes does not fix the problem, which indicates most likely this issue has hardware roots. Another big deal for me is GPS. SportsTracker does not work, some people suggested a workaround, but it only works for one session. Then everything hangs, and not even native Nokia Maps can lock the GPS. At the same time N8 finds GPS signal in a matter of seconds. The whole thing is difficult to reproduce, and is unpredictable. I just gave up.If Nokia manages to address this issue, I will be more than happy to change the rating as the camera is out of this world. But there is more to the smart phone than the camera. At the moment I have to carry N8 each time I need reliable GPS connection, and this brings a question - do you want to use 808 just for the camera?!01 Jan 2013. I received a replacement phone. Mine had hardware problems. I changed the rating to 4 stars. The phone is amazing. I would give it 5 stars if not for these two issues: 1. The glitch remains when the phone shows all bars, but there is no connection. Not a deal breaker for me, but for other folks is very frustrating. It happened to me a week ago while being in Seattle area I could not call anywhere and was not getting any e-mails. Became suspicious, restarted the phone and realized I had no connection for several hours thinking there was one. This does not happen often. In half a year I own the phone only a couple of times. 2. Symbian is effectively dead, and there is no big movement on the app side (for example SportsTracker still does not work. Even there were suggestions how to go around - start another GPS app - it is very volatile. It is enough to pause SportsTracker to loose everything). And not much development on the OS itself. All those bad things - restarting, hanging, loosing phone connection while showing bars, etc. are still there. It is interesting to read reviews from people, who just bought the phone a couple of days ago and are very excited. On the other hand, at this point of time I think I know all or majority of problems with the phone, and still give it 4 stars. There will not be a comparable phone (in the sense of camera) for years.05 May 2013. I received the second replacement phone from Nokia USA. This time they fixed the issue. No more 3g bug for me. Changed my rating to 5 stars.

This phone is AWESOME! It's easy to use and is an excellent cell phone, but I wanted it for the camera and believe me, I did not waste my money, I have been having fun taking pictures all holiday. I am a novice but my pictures turn out great. The focus is exceptional, and the zoom lets me take good pictures at a distance. This is a very good buy!

Pros:Phone has a very nice and heavy quality feel to it.The screen is bright, colors are vivid and is very responsive to touch.Video quality is best for its class much better that the Fuji and Olympus point and shoots that I tried and returned. It also destroys my Ipad 3 video quality.Phone is built like a tank. It just feels good holding it!!Great browser. I like it better than the Iphone one and the HTC I had in the past.Nice GPS appsConsThe speaker sound quality is ok but not greatShutter sound can not be turned off unless you buy Camerapro appTethering is blocked even when you get Joikuspot app by both t-mobile and at&t;zooming in and out of video causes camera shake.If you are an advanced photographer and have high expectations of the still image quality. You may get disappointed. As the images do lake dynamic range in the shadows and there is quiet a bit of one sided vignetting (making it hard to correct). That being said if you can work around the light and avoid challenging light conditions you'll be ok and pictures come out very pleasing.Flash is not very strongConclusionThis phone is a keeper. Overall picture and video quality is a quantum step a head of the smart phone completion. Also really like the screen the browser and the apps.09/12/2012I have had this phone for about more than a month I decided to up my rating to a five star

The offline mapsWhat can I say about Nokia maps its incredible. The speed and accuracy is on par or better than a dedicated gps. For example, In the U.S., watch the posted speed limit on the screen change at the same time that you pass that same sign on the street. A standalone gps is limited in updates and you'll only get a map of U.S. Canada or Mexico. Nokia maps of *ANY* country are available for download to this phone.  I used it here in the U.S. and in Europe. I'm impressed with the accuracy all without using a single byte of your data plan.The camera:The amount of details captured by its camera is unrivaled by any smartphone camera to date even now that 808 ceased production.The Design:I'm eagerly awaiting to see what the successor of the 808 would look like. From the leaks that are out there of the &#34;EOS&#34; it is not as gorgeous as the 808 design-wise. The 808 offers a seamless transitions from the edges right to the bump of the camera module, as if it was a single piece. The camera bump of the upcoming EOS looks like a sore thumb.The apps:Take out 1 star for this. If you are a person who like to take pictures and only texts or calls, this is the phone for you. Otherwise you might want to wait for the nokia windows phone 41Mpx &#34;EOS&#34; successor. There are no &#34;good&#34; apps for stocks, few news apps, very few apps overall for the 808.

There appears to be a well known problem with the Nokia 808 connections to the cell network, as documented here:No web-links allowed it appears, so please check the Nokia forums/discussions pages under Nseries.Here is basically what happens to me on AT&T;, in California:After the phone has been on "standby" for a length of time (hours not minutes) it get's into a state where no incoming calls can be received.I was getting people saying they tried to ring me and there was no answer!When the phone gets into this state the following happen:1. If I try to ring myself from another phone my 808 never rings, nor do I get the answer/hangup buttons, its as if I am ringing another person! (Even though I can hear a ringing tone on the other phone!)2. Looking at the phone it shows a strong signal. (A slight tell-tale is that the signal strength no longer varies, if I walk to a location that I know has a strong signal, it doesn't change, if I walk to a location that I know has a weak/no signal, it doesn't change!)3. Incoming text messages do not arrive until I reboot.4. Outgoing text messages fail to send, they just sit in the outbox until I reboot the phone.5. Data connections over the cell network fail to connect.6. Rebooting the phone fixes the issue for a few hours.It is very hard to spot that the phone has entered this state. So this was happening for my entire first month of ownership and I had no idea, as I don't receive many phone calls anyway!This happens AT LEAST twice a day, based on how often I've "caught" the phone in this state. But there is NO visual indication that the phone has "dropped off" the cell network, the phone works fine over wifi at this point and the cell signal strength indicator is still showing a strong signal.Basically this phone can not be used to reliably receive incoming calls, the camera however is brilliant! Unfortunately it really is just a point-and-shoot camera as the phone features just do not work reliably!I would STRONGLY advise anyone to look elsewhere for a phone! Nokia has not even acknowledged this is an issue yet, and I doubt a fix is anywhere near ready!PS. There is a work-around that virtually eliminates the problem, and that is to configure the phone to connect over 3G only, not 3.5G (i.e. disable HSPA+) But I have had it get into the same state once even with this work-around!

The Pureview 808 has gone above and beyond my expectations.  It feels durable, especially the silver slider unlock key.  My last two phones (Motorola XPRT and the Palm Pre) both had screen unlock buttons that broke in less than two years rendering them useless. The i-phone was not an option because I see my friends, family, and strangers walking around with cracked screens or huge cases to protect the glass. Also, the Galaxy SIII was not an option after I picked one up in the sprint store and it felt cheap. I was looking for a solid phone and knowing that Nokia has a 5' drop test the 808 was a contender for my next purchase.  I have had this phone for two weeks and I am constantly being surprised by the quality and versatility of the camera. I have been challenging every i-phone user I can find to a camera/video/audio shoot-out and even the most avid i-fans have agreed that it is quite an accomplishment by Nokia (after admitting defeat of course).Things I like:I am able to take great low light shots. This is where the compactness of the 808 has an advantage over my Nikon since it does not have the extra weight of the lens and I can just slip my thumb down to the screen and grab the shot I wanted while holding the camera very still.Zoom is great in both video and stills.The sound is great too! We have VERY LOUD equipment at work and the 808 was able to capture the audio with clarity while my friend's I-phone was washed out with distortion. It was almost like comparing cassettes to CDs.Nokia mapping works great. It is definitely a step up from the Google maps that I had become accustomed to on my Android.Things I don't like:Unsubsidized price.  Some people would say Symbian, however that is a non-issue for me.Bottom Line:I would recommend looking into this phone before rushing out to buy the next I-phone or high end Android. The imaging capability is light years above the rest. The whole phone is top notch. This is my first Nokia phone and now I see why people that use Nokia phones love Nokia.

Basically, they made an amazing camera phone, with an epic camera and then abandoned it and it's customers when it became apparent that there was a MAJOR glitch. Sad.  Nokia builds some of the best hardware out there...  too bad I will never buy anything from them again.  I feel like we were all scammed.

My first 808 started shutting off by itself and freezing after a couple of weeks. I was using a Nokia N8 before I bought the 808. The return policy at Amazon was real quick.The 2nd 808 has been running fine. The pictures are outstanding and the stock photo tools that come with the phone work real well.

I love this phone... I'm admittedly not a huge iPhone or Android fan like most &#34;Sheeple&#34; / I mean people... but if you are willing to stray from the herd, you will end getting a great phone with awesome navigation, fast processor, great build quality and by FAR the BEST camera built into any mobile device.

The following review is from my husband(I bought it as a big present for him)After owning Nokia 808 for over 30 days I could say that I am willing to keep it for another couple years.  By the way, I have Iphone 4S and other android devices too.  If you still on the edge of thinking about whether or not to use this phone as your primary phone.  Just ask yourself the simple question "Have you ever felt lost to the moments when you saw something that is totally worthwhile and you just happen to forgot to bring your camera?"  The results of the pictures just simply unbeatable.  You can check the pictures on flickr, they are all over the place these days.Now I can sell my point and shoot canon ELPH 100.  Oh forgot this "phone"  also works as a Garmin GPS.  Now I can sell my Garmin nuvi 3790.  By the way, this "phone" also works as a FM transmitter.  So I am selling my Iphone 4S Belkin FM transmitter too.  The music quality of this "Phone" (Dolby Digital Plus), no kidding I sold my Zune HD already.  The Dolby function on music difference is night and day (makes my klipsch x10 and Monster Turbine came to life).  So the phone weight 169 g and I just throw away stuffs that weight about 1000 g in total from my back pack.Exchange mailbox, gmail, hotmail, and other mailbox work flawlessly.  I make gmail my exchange mailbox so the gmail calendar sync automatically without any further setting.  Got it connect to my home network which is an Asus RT-N10 flash with ddwrt, never drop once.  Connect to enterprise network without any problem too.I am an honest hard working guy who doesn't like to spend my precious free time on mobile gaming.  So not many games on this "Phone", not even a problem for me.  Moreover, I can always find the utility software that I need.  Quick office and Microsoft office mobile are pre-installed, so I am able to open all kinds of office documents all the way from word file to PDF and anything in between.  Even office Onenote is pre installed.I have seen other reviews written by other wonderful reviewers.  So in order to make myself a little bit more contributing to this awesome "phone".  Let me get a little bit deeper into the connectivity function of this device.  Yes, we know it have HDMI and DLNA and they worked perfectly.  I did other experiments such as connect it to xbox usb and tend to play the pictures ,video, and music directly from xbox.  Guess what? it works perfectly too.  Just switch the usb connection on the phone to "Mass storage mode" or "Media transfer".  I can now view my pictures and watch videos directly on my projector/HDTV which xbox connected to.About the stability of the phone and system.  It did crash three time on first couple days, I was very nervous at that time.  The reason about the crash, I would say because third party apps.  Most of the third party software are full of bugs and keep running in background even you intend to close the program.  I uninstalled these third party apps, even the anti virus apps that came with the phone.  Currently, I only trust the apps from Nokia recommendation and some apps that have really reliable reviews.  I have not encounter another crash ever since.Did I mention it is unlock "Phone" as a real phone should be, so AT&T;, Tmobile, and XXOO telecom I don't care, all of them work.  I do frequent international travel and that solves my problem.  Overall, I would say this "phone" is a phone with an unique style, buy it if you are the kind of person who really knows what you want (ex. want great pictures which can last forever).

It is a bit expensive so I hesitated before buying the 808 PureView, but I have no regrets.  I am loving this phone!OS: A lot of reviews gripe about the OS (Symbian Belle) and compare it to Android and iOS.  I have used an iPhone for a while, and this version of Symbian is just as good.  Everything runs very smooth, even when viewing the 38mp photos.  The Nokia browser is usable, but definitely not the best.  Still, you can just install Opera Mobile which is a fantastic browser.  Everything I need in a phone OS is working well - for example I can sync my Google contacts and calendar.Apps: Admittedly there are far fewer apps available than on the major phone platforms, but there seems to be enough good apps for most peoples' needs.  The mobile version of most websites (amazon, wikipedia, etc) work fine when there is no app available.Maps: Nokia has the best maps suite, hands down. The maps are preloaded on your phone, so they save bandwidth and work when you don't have a signal.  The Nokia 'Drive' GPS app is also excellent for turn-by-turn directions.Camera: I don't need to say much about this, other than it is as good as people are saying. You have more custom control over your shots than any other phone camera, and higher quality than most point-and-shoot cameras.Screen: The AMOLED screen is much lower res than the iPhone "Retina" display, so I thought this might be an issue.  It turns out, it is not too bad.  Photos still looks very sharp and the screen works great in bright light.  Web sites are sharp enough.  The lower res screen also helps with battery life.Before I got my hands on the phone I would've guessed that it would be a 4-star product.  It has exceeded my expectations in every way: 5 stars!

Frankly, no body outside of tech enthuasiasts has heard of this phone or would even consider buying it. Yes it has the best camera on any smartphone to date, a very innovative one, but you have to compromise a whole lot just to get that camera. The phone was never designed to be a big seller. It fits a niche within a niche. A sendoff for Nokia fans of yesteryear. This is the last phone that runs the antiquated Symbian platform, which Nokia has already abandoned, and just using it will tell you why. It is slow, clunky, with ugly fonts and icons, almost impossible to use browser, unstable and crash prone, still uses a very archaic 360p resolution, canno scale to modern hardware, and is bogged down with the need for legacy support and poor apps. Even ignoring the software side, the phone itself is a clunker. The matte finish is not grippy and all randoom tapering on the sides and back make for little surface area to give a secure purchase on the phone. And it is a thick and heavy phone. 14mm at its thinnest, but over 18mm at the camera hump. The screen is only 4 inches big, but being almost 170g, makes for a very dense brick in your pocket that bulges out.This was always meant to be a novelty product, and anyone who decides to purchase it should keep that in mind.

So lets start of by saying this is my first Symbian Phone and first Amazon Review.  I have used Windows Mobile, Andriod, Windows 7 and now new to Symbian.  I was excited about the 41 megapixel camera with Pureview Technology.  I was not sure with all the negative reviews from Engadget, Mobileburn, Laptop.com and TheVerge that this phone would be utter crap besides the Camera.  They are wrong and I think the bias has shown that Symbian and Belle FP1 is actually usuable and that Nokia has crafted an amazing piece of hardware.The reviewer's from the major website made this phone to be huge and unusuable.  The phone feels right and the bump helps you balance the phone.  The polycarbonate shell is premium unlike the other manufacturers who cheapen the hardwareThe first thing is of course the Camera..top in its field in both Video and Photos but the sound you record at CD quality with Rich Recording is in itself a revolution.  The sound that you record will be amazing as you play it back.  Try it at concerts.The screen with its nHD is not appealing with some but Clear Black Technology and Amolead makes the pictures you take and the videos you play look amazing.  1080p and a ton of codecs such as MKV, AVI, MP4 and more play flawlessly on the 808 then most of the smartphones who chug and lag with all those multi core setups.  Also the 808 has the best visibility of any phone in the sun period.Storage is 16gb internally and you can add a 64gb card!!!The Nokia difference is in its software.  I had a Lumia 900 and I loved Windows phone but I like what Nokia did in the software that made my Lumia so special.  Since I have upgraded to the 808 I am using  Nokia Transport, Drive, World Gaze, City Lens, Guides, Map, Nokia Bubbles, Sleeping Screen.  Some that are even better on the Symbian platform.The app store is not incredible and not close to Android, iOS but there are many things that will work.Gravity: Best Twitter, Facebook, Youtube and social media app you will ever use on any platformSituations: Great Management Profiler that will adjust to how you use your phone and is very customizableMicrosoft Office : Excel, Powerpoint, Word, One NoteSkyfiles: SkydriveFmobi: FacebookWhatsapp:  Messaging with dataLinkein:Cutetube: for Downloading Youtube videosWhat you will be missing will be things such as Amazon, Ebay but wierdly there is a paypal app.  I know that if you like a lot of apps and you download a lot and need the latest then this is not the phone for you.  What this phone is for me is:Best Camera for taking pictures in day and night.  I started to find things outside to appreciate moreSound that is rich and Video playback with Dobly Digital is incredible.A removable battery, Battery life is great for heavy use in a day and average use will last two days.NFC for sharing pictures, videos with a tapExpandable memory up to 80 gigs! in total.  Enough for movies, videos and all sort of stuff we like to bring with usThe loudest speaker you have ever heard in a phoneFM Transmitter to wirelessly transmit to any unused radio frequency great for PODCAST and music.  Rare in SmartphonesDLNA for those playback TVs that have that capablitlityMicro HDMI to play all my videos, pictures and music on my HDTV....also playing Angry Birds on a 73 Tv rocksAlso I use the pureview 360p zoom as a binoaculars.It is my favorite device that I have ever had the pleasure of using.

This will be an extremely unhelpful comment...but I do not even use it as a phone. For that I had a simpleton single use old one for 20 dollars.I have been using Nokia 808 just as a camera, photo viewer/reader, recorder, radio and perhaps map application...THE dream universal multipurpose gadget I have been looking forward to for the last 25 years. I have been dreaming about something like it since some of the first walkmans started occasionally also offer a rudimentary voice recording capability; a tacked on radio made the combination look extremely versatile and &#34;hybrid&#34;...I still remember my old Panasonic &#34;multipurpose.&#34; Two decades of struggling followed: cameras or mp3 player offering some elementary recording. Sony MD/dedicated recording rigs offered excellent recording capability but nothing above it; the scandal of Sony who would not even allow your own digital recording to get uploaded into your PC.Nokia 808 FINALLY!!! Bravo!With the SD memory: ma, look, no tape! (and no Sony MiniDisk or Archos HDD either!)OK, in the end, after a year, I also finally made my first call on my PureView. Surprisingly, it worked fine. But as far as I am concerned I would not mind if it did not.

I'm coming from owning a Nokia N8 for over a year after using the PureView 808 for a bit over a week these are my impressions:-The interface is very snappy and easy to use, WiFi now connects much quicker and it seems to me that is way faster than that on the N8-The feel on the case is great, although I find it a bit slippery-The screen is a delight to look at, it may seem to be low resolution, but it's actually a very useful resolution.-Video recording is awesome! The Rich Recording Nokia developed to accompany video is a quantum leap in terms of quality, this definitely surpassed my expectations-The Dolby Headphone is amazing! I loaded High Rez music, attached PSB M4Us headphones and the result is excellent, I am now enjoying my daily commute with high quality music-I am using this phone on the T-Mobile network and works like a charm, no lags, dropped calls, etc (at least in NYC)-Battery life, double thumbs up!-Of course, the camera is phenomenal. I am still learning how to better take pictures with the phone, since now there are more customizable settings. I guess I'll come back and update this once I've mastered the camera.

I vowed never to buy a Symbian phone again, made exception for this camera.Initial impressions:-not as thick and bulky as some reviews make out.-on the heavier side, but manageable-texture of the phone feels great-due to the texture and white, phone will be hard to keep clean. Will need a case-camera button could do with a little more travel. Best to get a case which doesn't cover this button-OS reminds me of earlier Android OS's. A little quirky, could be more user friendly. Liveable if u don't need access to hoards of apps.-Using the camera feels like using a point and shoot. Quick and easy and photo quality is very very good-Not sure if I will use Zoom much. Reduces pureview tech and more camera shake-Since its top heavy, I feel it might be easy to drop this phone when holding as camera in landscape-This phone is only for people who like to take photos and don't want to carry an extra device. And an external microphone if u care about sound qualityeg. you're willing to- carry a purse or manbag just for the camera. Or carry it on your belt like a dork- remember to charge to camera regularly- recording a concert, play, speech and willing the carry an external mic. The rich recording givesamazing sound quality-On the expensive side...-happy so far.. looking forward to taking quality pics anytime/anywhereEDITED to reflect 2 months of ownership========================================- Dropping rating to 1 star from 4 stars. Here are the reasons, new buyers should take noteThere are 2 bugs which cripple this phone. One is show-stopper and the other is annoyance which can be worked around. Nokia pulled back the FP2 release, and for those who installed it, the bugs below were still present.When number 1) is fixed, I will increase the rating back to 5 stars. I think the issue lies solely on the Symbian development and not reflective on the new Windows Nokia phones.1) Phone reboots itself on weak 3.5G data connectionSee discussions.nokia . com thread "Bug in 808 3g mobile data?" in "Nseries and Symbian Smartphones"My phone reboots itself about 2-3 times a day, if it encounters a weak 3.5G data signal while accessing data, the phone will reboot itself.The only fix is to but it in 2G (Edge) mode. All other workarounds (disable HSPDA, select 3G only, sticky tape on SIM, SD card) do not work for me.Look at the thread, Nokia has finally acknowledged the issue but a confirmed fix should be waited upon.2) Cannot connect to my home router. Can workaround by buying a new router, but your choice of public wifi's can be limiting.See discussions.nokia . com thread "Nokia 808 Belle FP1 bug: WLAN works but not all apps can use it / no available access points" in "Connectivity section"Edit after upgrading to FP2 (1507) OTA======================================Change rating back to 5 stars after FP2 fixed the 3.5G rebooting issue.My phone would reboot 2-3 times daily, after FP2 has not rebooted since I installed (3 days ago). The phone is much more stable and deserves 5 stars for user's who appreciate photo qualityEdit 12-21-2012===============Nokia finally releases a fix for the wifi connection[...]its now works great for me! The phone in NYC has not rebooted on me since FP2. Its rock stable for me, however some ppl are still reporting issues

This phone is everything i needed from a smartphone.Camera is ridiculously good as Rich Recording is.Symbian OS is very powerful, with full multitaskingand still very energy efficient and not data centric as Android.Nokia maps with offline navigation,HDMI out,FM transmitter, etc.I found all the apps that i need. Excellent value. Highly recommend.

Bought this for my vacation in Italy - what a great idea! I used it on full resolution instead on 5 or 8 MP - what a great idea! I mean, the photos are stunning. It has a loss-less zoom, it catches things that are not visible to the eye. My brother was so impressed with the thing that he borrowed it for his vacation, I still haven't got it back, so I will order another one. My advice: buy the EU/US version not the Asian on which you can't turn off the shutter sound. Maps are working great. One more thing, it devours the battery in 10 hours. But if you put it in power-save mode it goes for 2 days with a lot of pictures on full res. I am impressed.

This was a gift for a friend in another country Ipurchased a 2 year square trade warranty via aAmazon also

The phone is a great phone except for the Data issue that is very common with this phone. Nokia customer service was of no help. They are aware of the problem and only a small number of people who have had their phones fixed have gotten rid of the data issue.

Needless to say, the camera is great, the flash is pretty strong...but I like other minor things like the Play via Radio app and the Voice recorder.GPS works perfect, and I love being able to download maps from countries I intend to visit or dream of visiting, and I can use the maps offline.But what really impressed me was the sound recording quality, both shooting videos and using the Voice recorder. The sound is amazing, clean and distortion free. I recently used the Voice recorder while my grandmom was talking and it captured every sound around, from the birds singing to the sound of the cars passing on the street, 30 meters away from where she was sitting. I'm sure my Sony camcorder can't make sound recordings so perfect like this.Another thing that I like is the ability to zoom up to 4x while shooting HD videos, with lossless quality.The 808 only drawback, for me, used to be the keyboard, very, very hard to use. Now I'm using the Swype keyboard which I downloaded from Nokia Store and it's much better than the default one.

In one sense I feel really sorry for the guys at Nokia who have been working on this phone.  If Elop hadn't announced the death of Symbian then this phone would have been an absolute smash hit.  But, like the Nokia N9 before it, sounding the death knell of the eco-system and then bringing out more units for the system really doesn't make much sense for marketing the product.  And when you look at recent Nokia products you come to realize just how skilled and diverse Nokia is as a company - in late 2011 and early 2012 it has brought out phones using 3 different eco-systems, all to notable acclaim.  Now compare that with Apple and you realize the substantial accomplishments that are still being made at the Finnish phone giant, despite the fact that Elop really made a big strategic gaff in announcing that Symbian would be ditched when he did.In terms of the phone itself, rather than re-hash what others have said, I will just do my own list of pros and cons:Pros- the camera (unparalled)- Nokia maps (excellent)- the playback sound quality (very good)- the speaker ( - loudest and best quality I've heard in any phone)- the battery life (very good)- the removable battery (great for long trips when you can carry a charged replacement)- the ability to add a substantial amount of memory- the wide range of (very good) social media apps available on Nokia app storeCons- does not always charge when connected to mains ( - don't know why this is)- limited apps ( - for example no gas station price location app)- muffled sound when receiving calls which makes it hard to hear sometimes, particularly on international calls- the bulge in the phone where the camera and sensor are, which really requires a case, and for some reason (unlike with the N9), Nokia didn't provide one with the phone, which given how much you're paying, I think they should have done.- very occasional Symbian freezes, which then require a reboot- the virtual keyboard, which even with Swype, makes writing a message much more laborious compared with my previous phone, the Nokia N9 ( - hopefully this con will be fixed with an update)Given the substantial pros of this phone, I can live with the niggling cons, and would fully recommend anyone wanting a better than average cameraphone or versatile smartphone to look into getting this phone.Really, if you think about it the future is bright for Nokia - just imagine it - a Windows 8 Pureview phone - it will crush the Windows 8 competition, which really is the reason that this phone marks another turning point for the Finnish phone giant.  And just for the record, I think I should disclose that yes, I own (a small amount of) Nokia shares as well as the 808 Pureview and the Nokia N9!

As a camera, I beat the hell out of this thing, and never leave home without it. Never used it as a phone or anything but, other than MP3s or an occasional Angry Birds bout. Heard it's replacement wasn't as color accurate so In guess I'll wait until the next one comes out before upgrading. Heck, I might even use that one as a phone.

this phone is a dream come true for all those people who are still waving the symbian flag... this is what symbian at its finest.... and atleast elop gave symbian a swansong worth to be remembered.... although this phone is considered obsolete by mainstream buyers because it doesnt have an eaten fruit or a robot as a logo on it this phone is actually way ahead of the competition but because no one really cares about a an OS that has limited apps although most of the apps from the BIG two OS are mainly novelty apps this phone has the basics covered and does it well... first off the camera.... 41mp sensor with carl zeiss optics need i to say more... dont think so.... all im saying is it takes 10mb pics on full resolution mode.. 2nd the turn by turn direction it even works without a sim card unlike the others where you need a cell signal to get your satnav to work which is pointless because the reason why your using gps is your somewhere far and most likely theres no signal to begin with!!! 3rd memory capacity this phone has a 16gb internal memory and takes microsd card up to 64 gb plenty of room to store your music play your video files and take those photos in full resolution and record video on 1080p!!! and lastly... the rich audio recording.... this is not the first time nokia had a rich recording feature on their phones in fact ive had that feature even with my nokia n93 (google it) ive video taped a nightwish concert with that and audio is as good as dedicated camcorder and this is 2yrs before the first iphone was released and nokia already had a phone that has a front facing camera, video calling, 3g with wifi goes to show the innovation this company brings... anyways for all tech geeks out there and are obsessed with taking great photo but doesnt want to lug around a point and shoot or even a dslr buy this phone asap!!!!

The previous reviews have pretty much covered all the important aspects of this phone, so I will focus on the improvements of this phone over Nokia N8, the older brother of Nokia 808 PureView. I have to point out in the beginning that 808 PureView is gorgeous despite the perception that the media tries to give about this phone.Unlike all the fuss in the media about the huge size of 808, it is really not much bigger than N8. If you put them next to each other, you will realize that they almost have the same width with 808 being slightly longer and thicker. To my surprise, it gives almost the same feeling as the N8 when I hold it in my hands. The bulge at the back of the phone has also been criticized by the media. Surprisingly, however, that bulge makes the phone fit snugly in one's hands.808 is definitely heavier than N8, but not that much. I was worried about the weight of 808, again caused by the media, but to my surprise, the weight is comfortable and not annoying at all.The texture of 808 is really amazing. You have to feel it to understand what I'm talking about. I was worried that the phone would slip out of my hand, but to my surprise, I found that it is made of a material that is not very slippery, unlike N8 which is rather slippery. In fact, it would be hard to drop this phone.The screen resolution of 808 has also been the subject of a lot of criticism by the media, and I was worried about that. To my surprise, I found the screen resolution to be not bad at all. Unless you hold it rather close to your face, it will actually feel really nice. N8 has better resolution due to its smaller screen size, but that causes one to hold it closer to eyes. The larger screen of 808, on the other hand, makes you not have to hold it close to face, effectively compensating for its lower screen resolution.The display is phenomenal; better than N8. The colors are live and vivid, and sunlight visibility is phenomenal. I had no trouble seeing the widgets and browsing even under noon sunlight.Audio quality, both through the speaker and the headset, is phenomenal; again better than N8. The speaker is louder than N8, which is a great plus. When I listen to music through the headset, I feel almost no noise. It's pure music. Very imressive and amazing.The Camera is - human languages lack an adjective that would deserve the outstanding and phenomenal quality, power, and resolution of 808. World of difference from N8 of course, (even though N8 is still better than any other phone camera besides 808.) But 808 can challenge if not beat DSLR cameras. The full resolution (38MP) photos are from another planet. I keep zooming and zooming and zooming on these images, and it feels never ending and it doesn't lose its quality after so much zooming. My only complaint is why 2MP, 5MP, 8MP, 34MP, and 38MP, and nothing between 8 and 34?!!!! Hopefully a future update may add some more resolutions. In terms of video, 808 has no problem recording the most magnificent videos at 1080P/30fps. Quite impressive that it has lossless zoom for both images and videos (not for full resolution 34MP and 38MP, though). I also wish that the lens had a cover/slider like the Sony Ericsson Satio (which I consider to be the best camera phone design ever). The sensor on 808 is protected by Gorilla glass, and it is indented slightly, which is helpful for protecting it from scratches. I definitely recommend a case which introduces more indentation at the sensor area.The camera of 808 can be started even when the phone is unlocked. This is a great advantage compared to N8. (The only way to enable this in N8 is by installing apps such as QuickCam). However, if you start the camera from locked screen and then exit the camera app, the screen will not lock automatically (whereas QuickCam has the ability to do this).The camera app launches literally immediately after pressing the dedicated button (all the way). I was amazed at how fast the camera pops up (compared to N8 where there is 1-2 seconds of delay.)The SIM card and microSD trays have a very nice and gorgeous, but delicate design; you have to be careful to not bend/break them when inserting SIM or microSD cards. I find the N8 design better which makes it easy to insert sim and microSD cards. Also note that 808 PureView uses microSIM cards, while N8 uses miniSIM cards.***** IMPORTANAT: if you make your own microSIM card by punching a miniSIM card, you have to make sure that you tape the contacts side of the card leaving exposed only bare minimum area over the contacts. Unfortunately, 808 PureView uses a metal SIM tray, which can cause shorting of the contacts with the tray on a home-made microSIM card. This causes the phone to lose connection after a few hours of turning it on. It also leads to random restarts and general instability of the phone. If you see any of these symptoms, the problem is most likely caused by your SIM card. *****The UI is incredibly smooth and nice. No longer will you have those lags that you can see in N8. It's a surreal experience to feel the UI of this phone. I was worried that I would feel the same way as N8, but to my surprise, there were absolutely no lags whatsoever. Symbian Belle Feature Pack 1 has also brought a number of really nice visual enhancements such as the screen auto-rotate. You have to see the auto-rotate to get what I'm talking about. Another improved feature is the multi-tasking menu (aka open applications). In 808, you can see rectangular snapshots of the entire app, (not square snapshots of the N8 which show only part of the screen for each app). It's so smooth and slick, and doesn't have the occasional lags of N8. Symbian Belle Feature Pack 1 is a remarkable advance in the history of Symbian development. Symbian Belle Feature Pack 1 on Nokia 808 PureView is the marriage of true software with true hardware!808 has double the ram of N8. BestTaskman shows the available ram to be approx. 290MB, (whereas in my N8, the available memory is approx. 90MB). The much larger free memory is really fantastic as it ensures that you will easily run out of memory (which occurs from time to time in N8 and some apps are closed). So far no apps have been closed on my 808 even when I opened 50 apps at the same time.The C drive on 808 is also double that of N8. After installing all my apps, the free space on my C drive is about 330MB (while on my N8, it is about 100MB). This means that you will never get the messages from the system to clean some space on C drive (which happens on N8 and other older Symbian phones).The menu button is at the center, which is a great plus compared with N8, which was rather uneasy with its left menu button. All three physical buttons are so well designed and really easy to press.The notification LED is once again in the menu button just like N8. However, with 808, the silicone case does not cover the button, so the LED is usable. (I disabled the LED in my N8 because the case covers the menu button.)The browser is way better than N8, but not as good as it should be. Still there are some lags for heavy/desktop sites, but for mobile sites, it does a really nice job.The social app is also way better than N8, but still not smooth. While the lags are much lower than N8, they are still noticeable, and an update is really necessary to deal with this issue.As I said, in the beginning, Nokia 808 PureView is a true piece of gem, and you will regret if you don't get it.

I don't want to rave about the camera, as it takes great pictures and has been sufficiently ratified by others. I have used this phone for over a month now.Here are some details that might make a difference to your purchase decision, in case you are tempted and wondering -Navigation and UI -- Sensitivity and response in comparable to iphone 4, though for some apps you can see the hourglass for few seconds at launch.- Love the inbuilt gadgets and apps like Photo Wall, Social and offline maps. Nokia Street View can be installed (google for it).- This display resolution was not meant for more than 3.5 inch screens, text does appear to be mildly grainy in this 4 inch screen.- Please update font to "Nokia Pure Font" using Font Zoomer app, as it makes the whole experience better.App store -Has been more than adequate for me, has most of the top apps and tools. I like the fact that you can theme out of the box.If you are in India most apps are very cheap as they sell at prices at 1/10 of a $. Nokia store allows you to add app purchases to your phone bill.Kindle - Unfortunately Kindle does not have an app for Symbian. Other e-readers are available like Ionic which is pretty good.Has MS Office pre-installed!!.Music Store -In India, Nokia gives you 1 year of unlimited music downloads. That itself will pay for the cost of the phone by the time I am done in the next 10 months.Camera -In spite of this phone producing some fantastic entry SLR quality pictures, there are some items to take note of -- It does not have optical image stabilization.- When taking indoor picture with flash in default mode, there is a light white haze on the picture. Though it looks great on the phone, when you view it on the PC it does not look impressive. A quick auto-correct is needed using Picasa (or manually turn off flash for every use).- Red eye has been a regular problem when taking pictures indoors.- Please upgrade to SP2 firmware to get the best out of the camera and gallery.- Photo Editing options are inbuilt and very good.Hardware and Features -- The guys at AllAboutSymbian feel this is the best Nokia smart phone to date as it leaves nothing behind in hardware and software features.- I have not missed my iphone 4 anytime in this department.- It has full multi tasking, but memory could have been more as gallery zoom refresh clarity is affected when multiple apps are open.Handling -It feels bulky and top heavy with a basic case, which you would surely need to protect the lens. This will be bothering if you like light weight phones and don't use heavy full protection cases.Would I buy this phone again? -The surprising answer is no, though I love what it offers me as of today. With all vendors going the megapixel way, the detailed photos this phone produces should be possible in the next generation Windows Phones, iphones or Galaxies in 2013-14. The additional bulk and lack of growth for this products operating system should keep you away. If you are someone who buys a new phone every 2 years anyway, go for it by all means. I bought it because I have young kids, and I felt important moments were being missed; I feel justified with some of the good stuff we have captured already in that regard, since the shutter response of the camera is instant and amazing.

I bought the phone for the camera and it truly is awesome. In rare occasions the focus tend to be off, but otherwise the level of detail in the pictures is amazing.I have experienced the 3.5G bug 3 times in last two months. It is not that much of an issue anymore.

I love 808, happy to have a cell running Symbian, happy I'm not like the countless lemmings that keep running to the edge of the cliff with there iphone. I have been able to have Nokia internet radio run, fm transmitter, and able to download from Nokia store, all at the same time. Would recommend to anyone who is looking and presently owns iphone or android.

Update after 1+ years of use:The 808 is still going strong, still has the best camera in any phone, STILL (thought the Nokia 1020 is debatably a tie if you can stand the overly-machined images), especially in low light. Maps work offline which is amazing. The Ovi store has been frozen which is not great and I did not download all the maps I had intended, which is unfortunate. Also, Tmo has refarmed their network to work with the iPhone 5 in a way which scuttled 2g calling for my 808 (at least in my own apartment) though I have used Skype for years and my friends can call me on it and get me (if in range of wifi) regardless of cell reception. But I am still so happy with the phone. Using this phone I can get rid of my computer. Using another cell platform (fruity one comes to mind) I would not be fully able to replace my computer. This is an "ultimate device" if you ask me.The interface has gotten a little clunky in ways that restarting cannot fix. If you have this problem, the fix is to copy all your apps from the phone to the memory card, remove the card, and do a hard factory reset and then reload the apps from the card.Sadly my Gravity app stopped working. I am not sure why, but contacting the developer resulted in crickets. So sad. I loved Gravity so much. :(Camera comments: I find that using the 5 mp Pureview automatic setting is actually one of the best to use. Super sharp. The Scenes/Sport setting is my next favorite setting because its shutter speed is fast and I can take pics of friends doing active things without blurring. Blurring is very hard to get rid of when holding the camera using the 41 mp mode, so, get a gorilla stand or something to hold the camera if you want to use 41 mp.Going strong!Original Synopsis:I received the Nokia 808 one week ago (from "Tablet Distributors" an Amazon partner VERY quickly), the week before Thanksgiving. My previous phone was the Nokia N8 which I love. But I'm a sucker for an amazing camera in a phone, thus the new phone.The 808 gives an amazing leap forward with its camera experience, offers some well deserved and performance improvements across the whole phone's operation, and a number of design improvements. Some of the standard and well loved performance features of Symbian are here too, features other phone os users have to pay for. The keyboard, a function which Belle (the Nokia OS at the time) surpasses all other smart device OS keyboards, has had a massive redesign, a move which will irritate and alienate many Symbian defenders, but with a week's use (or maybe two), they will be comfortable with.General speed improvements can be felt throughout all activities with this phone compared with the N8 or E7. No lagging, email hangups, or apps which are not sure if they want to open. Everything is waaay snappier than other smart devices I've had, including the tragic mistake of the Transformer Infinity which I returned.Just so you know, my base of comparisons for smartphones & devices: I have owned several Nokia smartphones (n95 (amazing camera & my first smartphone), E7, N8) and owned Android and iOS devices. I am familiar with all of these. And utterly love my N8. So nice.Camera:Skipping the obvious and amazing 41 mp camera and Pureview tech, the camera offers improvements and corrects annoyances from Nokia's other premium camera phones. It's way faster than other Nokia camera apps, opens faster than my other Nokia phone apps, takes pics faster once started, faster on the next pic. Camera app opens instantly. I mean it. There is ZERO lag. When you want to snap that perfect sneaky picture, the camera is ON and the pic is TAKEN end of story. No waiting. This is a big improvement over the N8, which, though its camera is probably STILL the 2nd best camera in a phone on the market, took awhile both to open the camera app and then had to cogitate over taking the picture. There are more camera options, all of which are more streamlined imho. Changing the options is super fast too. And the pic minimization routine at the end of the pic is quick too. Overall it's super fast and super good.There really is little need to expound on the camera. It is as good as, or likely far better than, most point and shoots and even hangs with DLSR's. Though it is slightly bigger than the N8, it is still not big enough for all the unicorns which obviously power the camera, so, they must be at the end of Bifrost in the galactic black hole. Or something. It's a pretty amazing camera.Key features:Like I said, I tend to go with a great camera phone, regardless the manufacturer. It just so happens the manufacturer is often Nokia. That's nice because I think Nokia phones are in general very well put together, feel solid in the way that closing the door of a high end car sounds solid compared to a very cheap one. Nokia phones feel like quality and the 808 is no exception here.The Map apps included in the phone or downloaded for free from the Store make the 808 equivalent or better than any separately purchased GPS device. Nokia Map related apps are amazing, free for life, and work offline, or via a range of GPS updating methods (3-3.5g, SMS, unassisted). Voice guided directions (walking or driving) everywhere on Earth? Got it. Public transit? Got that too. The GPS can work standalone with zero cell signal just like a separately purchased GPS device, or can work across the network signal (a-GPS), bluetooth, or even via SMS (text message). I like this because it lets me control data usage. A couple of Map apps you might want to try: World Gaze (interesting) and City Lens (love it, somewhat of an unsung hero imho).The 808 also conforms to the typical Nokia design philosophy which gives me control of my device and what is on it, and loads it with tons of codecs. A decent file browser is there. I can see where apps are installed, change the location to a memory card if I like, and the apps go with me to a new Nokia device. I've done it a million times. I love it. Nokia makes transferring everything from an old phone to a new one easy, and gives you several options on how to do it: backup/restore feature, transfer to removable memory, across Nokia servers, or turn on bluetooth and everything transfers locally. Nokia phones also let you toggle all the antennas, and with apps like Situations, you can automate and fine tune it. Also, more functions are supported in bluetooth in Nokia Symbian devices than other smartphones (even compared with Nokia Windows devices). Android devices almost come close to this level of device control, but, just, not quite. I like to control my own device.Other good stuff:The screen is super vivid. It does not have the pixel density of the iPhone or many Android phones out there, but it looks very rich.The music player is somewhat improved over the previous version of Belle. On my N8 running Belle, there were many podcasts which I would side load which would not play from the music player. Instead I would have to go to the file manager, find the file, and play it there. Now, Belle Feature Pack 2 Music Player catalogs and plays all of those podcasts too. I use Music Player more than any other app on my phone, so this is a major plus for me.Web appears to be much snappier, and also bears noticeable changes. Snappier first: rendering pages is WAY faster compared to Web on my N8 running Belle. Images load faster and the whole web page does too. It seems to support more video on the web. Changes second: Though the updated Web app is faster and handles web elements better, the Belle FP2 Web MENU is a large text scrolling menu. I prefer the previous menu in preFP2 which was a little popup screen containing a grid of icons. For me, the grid was nicer because all options were on screen and stationary, and it was more intuitive. Actually, I wish menus in all apps had grid menus; they are quicker to navigate I think.Gallery now adds a separator labelled with the date. This is a tiny change but I like it.The new Weather app is horrible because it never works, BUT BUT BUT the Weather-Widget, when installed on a home screen, is great. Soooo much faster, prettier, and more informational, than previous versions. Well who cares though since the old Weather app on preFP2 was slow and difficult. The new widget is fast, pretty, and just there on your screen. Maybe you're not supposed to use the app itself, just the widget. I'm happy because the widget makes more sense anyway.Audio out from the handset is so much better than the n8, E7, and n95. Moving from the N95, which had great stereo sound, to the E7 and N8, which had good sound but not great, and not stereo (I do not think) to the 808 which has very clear, rich, and loud speakers (um, Dolby I think) I was shocked at the fulness and richness of the sound from the phone's speakers, especially since it is not an N series device. Very nice upgrade.And, to follow up, audio IN is also much better. I really had a difficult time using the speaker phone with the N8 or E7 because the person on the other end could not hear clearly and kept saying, "Are you using speaker phone?!?! Can you change to non-speaker?!" But now, no one even notices when I switch to speaker. Thank you Nokia for returning standard phone features. Win. Carrying over to video capture, the audio in captured videos is improved compared to my N8, it is much richer.Removable battery cover, yay, and a more protected sim and sd memory card under it. I prefer the sim and sd cards here, not on the side of the phone.Nokia phones have often included the option of holding down the lock screen key to actuate the flash as a flashlight. The N8 did not have this option to the irritation of N8 fans. Thankfully the 808 brings it back. And the flashlight is very! bright.Also a little feature which I just found out today. If the phone rings or alarm goes off, you can turn the phone over and it silences. Like.Other good stuff:Usb on the go - mounts just about anythingHDMI out (this one is a different port than the N8 or the E7)massive codec support for audio and videofm radio receiverfm out - freakin love thisnfc though haven't  used it yetBigScreen app - plays photos and video to your TVDLNA Play app - broadcast video wirelessly to a DLNA enabled TV (free app if it is not on your phone)Sports Tracker (free Nokia app) - really amazing running/cardio/GPS appNot quite an N or E Series Nokia device though:As an N8 owner, I love its sleek sexy styling, clean lines, and nice design elements. The N8 is much sexier and much more stylish. The 808 is fairly stylish though. Both are well designed and constructed. But design-wise, the 808 misses many of the more debonaire stylings of the N8 such as a metal body (sadly), sleek metal retro volume rocker (the best volume rocker in the world, ever) and lock screen rocker of the E7 (the 808's lock screen locker is plastic I think, but at least it is a rocker, which is better than a button or switch), and sadly the eyecatching, 'breathing' single-solitary physical (and metal) button (of the N8). Actually, this feature (the breathing button on the N8) got lots of comments and questions from friends and acquaintances. I miss it, and the hypnotic notification lights (around the N8's button). These missing design features would have added an iconic styling to Nokia's last Symbian phone, the best camera phone ever, and the Symbian swan song. Oh well, an N808 the phone is not, so, que sera sera.Annoyances:The new keyboard is different, requires some mental adjustments, and is irritating to learn at first. Though it DOES offer some new features and improvements, the fact remains that the old, highly lauded Belle keyboard is not here. The keyboard seems to copy the look and feel of iOS and some Android keyboards. My typing (using two thumbs in landscape) is MUCH slower in Belle FP2 than the previous Belle keyboard which I have praised heavily in other reviews (which had excellent predictive text and autocomplete, but typing in upright phone with two thumbs is easier than in preFP2). The rearrangement of the caps key is inconvenient, and I have to constantly correct what i typed. Autocorrect and predictive text, long standing Symbian mainstays, are gone. It constantly requires the user to decide and choose, decide and choose, ugh; this will cause frustration at first, but after a week or two typing in this way should be come quicker. The previous Belle keyboard was much smarter though, type predict forget-about-it-because-its-correct type-new-word. It does have a few new improvements though, including correcting previously typed words; I like this feature! I think the new keyboard is larger than the preFP2 keyboard and in some apps it seems to hog the screen. Other reviewers here and elsewhere have slammed Nokia for the new keyboard. I will not "slam" Nokia for their keyboard choice, but, it would be nice if they gave an option of which keyboard to use, since it seems old keyboard is still there (a few apps or occasions call it up instead of the new one).The Notes application no longer autosaves. You MUST save your work before exiting. Word to the wise, folks, word to the wise. Also the keyboard is so large that only two rows of text can be seen (I know I already mentioned this but, well, it is important in the Notes app). Obvious design oversight. The menu/options seem to be scaled back.Photo and video editors which were on the N8 (ugh I loved these) are not available in Belle FP2 for the 808. But there are a good deal of camera apps. Some of these edit functions appear to be folded into the camera or other apps. I have not extensively investigated this though.Browsing the web without permanent navigation keys (left and right keys on the soft keyboard) is annoying, both in Nokia Web and Opera Mini (though Opera is a little easier to deal with).Gifs no longer play in the picture viewer. A much much missed feature :( Please bring it back :(Though it comes with Quick Office the product is installed but not prelicensed. Trying to license QO via QO itself does nothing. A trip to the Store - Oh well. Google purchased QO in 2012. And....... apparently axed their Symbian support.[Replacements for QuickOffice:Microsoft OneNote is a capable, a little prettier, and also has a few interesting features. Input in OneNote uses the new keyboard but withoutthe new FP2 keyboard's word suggestions, and no autocorrect. It requires sync'ing with your MS account to get the files off the phone. Microsoft Office is quite good though (though I have not found a way to change where documents are saved, which is important because it oddly saves to the c: drive, which imho should be reserved strictly for the OS). There are other office apps too but I have not tried them. SmartOffice comes to mind.]Panorama, a free app on my N8, is not available yet for the 808, but hope it will be soon.Wifi calling is probably baked into the phone as it has been in most Nokia s60 devices for nearly a decade. I do not believe ATT offers this feature and Tmo only allows it on devices purchased from Tmo. There are plenty of VOIP apps though including Skype and others. Fring is a good option too since you can configure it via lots of SIP services or using its own.Extra notes:Nokia apps I use a lot:Mail (add widgets to one of my home screens, accepts push mail or you can configure itEnergy ProfilerMobile Data Tracker (as a widget on one of my homescreens, which l can configure to actually turn off my own data usage after a set time, super useful)Connectivity AnalyzerCity Lens/Live View (awesome app(s), but you have to hit the red hang up button right after you open the app or it won't work, a tip I found in Greg Corbin's review/comments)Big ScreenMaps (use the heck out of this)Internet MusicMusic (the player, not the store, but you know, if you are anywhere besides the US NokiaMusic lets you download just about anything to your phone for free, arg)My required and highly used 3rd party apps:Situations (used to be a free Nokia app but was spun out and got major improvements - a MUST have -automates phone character (profile and other stuff) based on conditions the user sets (like time of day or location) - for real folks just fork the cash and get it)Opera MiniOpera Mobile (as of 2012 Dec 06 it installs and works, )Gravity (somehow this app is better than every other twitter client I've used on any platform, and it accesses a bunch more social networks sites which I hate)FringCutePress (very slick)CuteTubeAppStopAfter 1 week of use:The keyboard has actually learned how I type to some degree (I guess). And I have learned how the keyboard works as well. So my error rate has dropped prodigiously, and my speed increased proportionally. Still, I think the old Belle keyboard was superior (to the keyboards in both FP2 and omgomgomg Anna). Nokia, please enable a choice toggle in Settings :) So by this point I have acclimated dramatically and it is not such a pain. [If Nokia could return the preFP2 keyboard size and layout (esp for the numeric keyboard which I liked way better, add back the predictive text and autocompletion of preFP2, but keep the word choice thing up at the top of the keyboard, and give a setting/configuration menu that lets the user configure a personal setting, that would be awesome :D ]I am constantly impressed by the snappiness of the phone. I never thought my N8 was slow or anything (except starting up the camera for some reason) but the 808 seems to do everything noticeably faster.Final thoughts:The 808 could serve as a GPS device or an amazing camera on its own and without phone service. Actually, I have recently dwelled on the FreedomPop free 3-4g plan, using the 808 as my phone (via Fring or some other SIP app). So, expensive phone, but phenomenal camera, phenomenal GPS, and full featured in every way (minus Netflix and Amazon) with a free phone service. Possibilities ......

There are a million reviews on this phone, so I'm not going to say much other than the Camera will be everything you expect and more. Mine was ready for a software update right out of the box and updated to the latest version of Symbian. It's pretty good and they fixed some small issues with the keyboard layout, but they messed up with the predictive text. The new system kind of sucks in that it doesn't really autocorrect. You get a bar with word suggestions and when you actually type is in the screen. If you don't select what you meant, you're typo stays up. It adds another tap which is annoying. There's also no way to send more than one picture at a time from the gallery. You have to start a message, then add attachments one at a time. Very annoying when the gallery on my N8 would let me send multiple images from the gallery.Other than those two annoying little issues (which could easily be fixed with a software update), the phone has been great. I've had it for a week and haven't had any re-starts. It's hung up a couple of times working with images, but they were huge files and it didn't crash or require anything more than letting it sit for a few seconds to catch back up. IMHO it's the most stable Symbia OS yet.If they'd just fix the autocorrect and multi-select in the gallery, this phone would be perfect.

I'm coming from the n8 so its a great upgrade for those ppl coming from N8 its an upgrade all the way around and as stated in many reviews the best camera, video and audio in a phone after using it for a week i would say it even rivals most point and shoot cameras.And for app selection and os i have found everything i need (not everything i want) but for the most part its a good phone specially for those coming from other symbian devicesand the reason it didn't get 5 stars is cuz of the most reported 3g  bug that many users have even nokia has stated that there is a problem and covers this issue with the warrenty and on the nokia site that took me to amazon and at the time tablet distributer was the one to sale the phone also it clearly states us warrenty on the site but when I contacted nokia they said there isn't any warrenty for this market even the box  says us warranty so i will have to contact amazon about thisover all minus the problems i had and for a symbian device i think it earned five stars but until these  issues are corrected. I can't give it that rating.

If you're like me and researched the heck out of this phone before you purchased, let me just throw in my 2 cents.My phone came in last week and since then, I've left 3G on and have been using it non-stop to browse the web, upload/share pictures, and explore apps that required an active connection. All this in an effort to *break* the phone and replicate the same freezing/rebooting issues that I had read about during my research. Happily, I report that there have been no problems.It's an IMEI 5051 phone, and I purchased it used for a steal so I am more than thrilled with its performance. As Nokia's Symbian swan song, the 808 Pureview's camera has absolutely no competitors for now. Purchase it for whatever reason, but for my own purposes this phone is brilliant.

The photo and video quality capability given by this phone is so awesome! I love taking pictures whether they be of family, events, landscapes, vacations or just about anytime I want to preserve a memory for myself or anyone else. I can't tell you how much I appreciate having that ability come from my phone! Now I have a DSLR camera that I use for &#34;planned&#34; events usually based around my kids; recitals, sports, etc. For these types of events I have my camera bag with me and I can swap out my lenses, I am after the best possible photos I can take. Well sometimes your at a restaurant, at work, at a party or any other of a million places that you could be at any moment and you want to take a picture. Sure most cameraphones can capture the moment, but sometimes its just not capable of a decent picture in certain situations. You become aware of these situations after you try and take a photo and it doesn't come out. So now you decide to carry a point and shoot camera, or if you are a true geek you take the dslr, when you know that your phone isn't going to be good enough. Your friends will probably ask you, &#34;Are you happy to see me or is that a DSLR in your pants?&#34;.In steps the Nokia 808. The powerful xenon flash makes sure your photos subjects are lit up if you need them to be. You can also manually adjust settings to allow more light in the photo by increasing the exposure length, meaning flash might not even be needed. If you have been researching this phone then you already know the technology used in the camera on this phone is possibly going to change the way future high end cameraphones, and probably cameras in general, are designed.Ok so the Symbian operating system is not as cool as the other mobile os that are out there. You won't get the cool games that are coming out. You wont have Instagram integrated to share all the pictures of your cats with friends.But here are some things I have come to appreciate from this phone and past symbian based phones:1. FM Radio, sometimes I don't want to mess with freakin playlists or downloading music or chewing up data or all that other crap involved with listening to music. Just plug in my headphones and turn on the radio!2. FM Transmitter, contradicting what I said in point 1, sometimes I get tired of hearing the radio in the vehicles that I drive at work. It's nice to load up Spotify and be able to play it over the vehicles radio. This also works for the sound from any videos you are watching.3. The intergrated email has worked fine for both my personal email and work email account.4. Situations app, I love this app. I can program it to change how my phone acts at certain times of the day. For instance it automatically switches my phone to silent at the set time I am usually going to bed. It changes my ringtones during the time I am at work, and changes them back when I'm punched out.5. Standby screen, silly but I like being able to look at my phone and seeing the time. The standby screen shows the time, simple. I don't need to have any other clock on my nightstand because of my phone.6. Nokia Maps, they just work. I have used the navigation features of these phones many times to find things around town, also for an 2000+ mile trip.I would recommend this phone to certain people because I know its not for everybody. If you are the type that takes pics with your phone and the pics stay on the phone, this phone is probably not for you. If your like me and want to take a nice picture of the gingerbread house your kids made by just pulling out your phone and then having the option to display the photo on a screensaver or digital photoframe or even print it, this one is for you.

I have been on here to support this phone before but now that i've had it for 2 months. I gotta to say I'm not at all impressed overall. I got a defective phone and by the time i realized the issue is a problem and not the type that goes away with use, I was told i couldn't get an exchange and i gotta go to nokia for repairs.I had the n8 before now. The n8 had lots of issues but it was the most practical for me of all nokias since 6230 or so.N8 could be charged either through the micro usb port or the ac at the bottom( very optimal for gps use) The 808 cannot be charged conviniently while being used as a gps on long distance trips.Apps are not particularly faster on it. I use facebook browser from pixelpipe as its the closest to the real facebook app on symbian in terms of look and html5 convergence. I was manageable on the n8 and not a breeze on the 808.These are the pressing issues for me personally and at this time and i am truly sick of defending nokia over their crappy job at putting customer complaints and requirements ontop of their todo list.I dont intend to use any cfw because i believe this should have been an improvement over the n8 but apparently not. On the n8 from PR1 to belle refresh, the OS got speed improvements that was very DRASTIC! and made the phone very much practically for anything if you've got the patience.Bottomline. If you are just coming to nokia and want to have a phone thats got a relatively the best camera and not seen on every tom, dick and harry, and its got the looks this is it right here.But, if you're like me upgrading from the history making n8, this isn't really an upgrade. Its just the camera and the slightly bigger screen that makes the big difference. Believe me when i say you'll completely ignore this warning for the 1st few months while you're still drooling over what amazing pictures the camera can take.Now that I am enjoying windows 8, i can't wait till i get a WP8 which is likely not anytime soon because i paid $625 for this and i gotta at least get a year and a halfs use off it.

This phone is a disappointment from what should be expected from Nokia to replace the N8. It is made in china, has a very cheap feel from the high quality of the N8 that is made in Finland, the 808 does not come with the HDMI cables that were included with the N8. The performance is substandard, very low battery live, the phone continuously crashes for no apparent reason. This is no suprise why Nokia is bankrupt, they deserve to go belly-up!!!

Until you own this, there's no way you can start comprehending it's awesomeness. I'm a huge fan of Nokia products, I currently own the N8 and the Nokia Lumia 710 but I can tell you right now, this is the phone that I'll be using from here on out. The pictures are just gorgeous, the feel is exactly right. Nokia outdid themselves on this one.

This phone is not falling from my hand. It's crazy phone. Crazy software. Plays 1080 videos very smoothly. I can say nothing about the camera..41mp is enough. I'm happy that I decided to buy it. The videos are unbelievable!!. Incredibly fast GPS.

I was unable to get this phone to work. It didn't come with a manual or anything. Its panel is dark, and it was impossible to tell if it was even on.  The seller did not include a charger with the order, so I purchased separately.  It still didn't work.Meanwhile, the seller, WIRELESS EVERYTHING was so unpleasant, and unwilling to help, frankly, I would suggest that they were the biggest problem.They wouldn't walk me through the steps necessary to identify the problem.  In addition, they were rude and simply refused to communicate with me. How simple would it have been to respond to an email request?  Nokia has NO online support, and I couldn't find any dealer through their website. Had I been able to, perhaps SOMEONE would have been able to help.  I purchased the product because I understand the camera was very good, however, based upon the hell I went though trying to get support, I DO NOT RECOMMEND this or any other Nokia products.When I tried to return it, the seller kept fighting with American Express, an excellent company who normally sides with the buyer.  WIRELESS EVERYTHING claimed they sent a return notice to expedite the return to the shipping address. Well, the shipping address was a temporary one,  hence I was unable to get it.  If they even sent it.  They were very sneaky about this,  and I gave up because my peace of mind wasn't worth the $300 hassle. I will never, ever buy from WIRELESS EVERYTHING. Even if Nokia's website was unhelpful, you would think the seller would care. I guess they didn't.  I think the charger I originally purchased didn't work properly.  To this day, I don't know what happened.A manual sure would have helped, as well as a kind salesperson....

My experience with this phone is in comparison to Nokia N8 and to iPhone. My last phone was an N8. I also use an iPhone fairly often.Exceeded expectationsScreen --- Good size, bright, and colorful. Resolution is more than adequate for my 20/20 eyesight.Camera functionality --- Effective and intuitive software to take and edit photos. Quick response from sleep mode to take a photo. An improvement over the N8.Met expectationsPhoto quality --- Good detail, natural colors. Took me a little while to learn to make the most of the camera's quirks and abilities. Dynamic range is average.Apps --- 99% of the time I am content to use built in software (e.g. OVI maps, which I love) or  apps available from the store (Swype). Rarely, I miss having Netflix.Ease of use --- touch response is adequate, though not quite as snappy as iPhone. Keyboard is fine for me. I use Swype and find it a huge improvement over tapping keys.Symbian OS --- Some minor improvements over the N8 version. Probably a little strange to someone who has only used Android or iPhone, but I found it easy to learn and effective.Below expectationsOne of my favorite features of N8 was the ability to use it as a wifi hotspot. This doesn't seem to work for the 808 on US networks (but does work in other countries). I'm hoping a fix will come along.

This phone seemed nothing short of a dream come true for any remaining Symbian fans -- all 3 of us!  Prior to its introduction at MWC last February, I was getting a bit dismayed by the lack of good choices out there.  I was getting bored with my agingNokia N8from 2010, but almost 2 years later, nothing else could match its camera, its offline navigation, its connectivity options, or - this may be a bit of a surprise if you read too many blogs - its usability.  The prospects of another bone thrown our way from Nokia were pretty slim too: In 2011 Nokia's new CEO, Microsoft lackey Stephen Elop, gave the Symbian OS the death sentence and instead hijacked the company as a tool to use in a last ditch (futile) attempt to promote Windows Phone, thus _instantly_ killing off Nokia's then-40+% share of the global smartphone market.Then - out of nowhere - came the 808 PureView!  My first reaction was "Holy Cow! 41 Megapixels -- why?  Talk about megapixel race gone awry! And on Symbian, to boot!".  Turns out, there are good reasons for both the pixel resolution and the OS choice - more on that below.  Suffice it to say, I can't remember having been this excited about a new phone since... well... the N8.  I simply could not wait for the official US release here on Amazon, and instead purchased the black version from an importer - warranty be damned!  Of course, more sane individuals will want to get the US version here instead. :)UPDATE Oct 4, 2012: It is with a heavy heart that I now have removed two stars from my original 5-star rating.  The phone overall is spectacular: The camera, Nokia Maps, and the build quality in particular.  However, there is a very serious bug that causes spurious loss of connectivity or reboots when connecting to certain 3.5G (HSDPA) cells -- see the "Bugs" section below for details.  The bottom line is that I had to disable HSDPA, and now get only "plain old" 3G (UMTS) download speeds.  While this works OK for light "day to day" use, including live streaming with Nokia Internet radio or downloading podcasts in the background, it becomes noticeably slow as an internet device (or tethered gateway for another device).UPDATE April 26, 2013: After ten months, hundreds of theories/speculations about the cause, one repair, two more 808 PureView's purchased/returned, and even two unsuccessful attempts at tolerating Android - the issue seems to have been magically fixed!  Yes, that's right - fixed!Nokia has quietly released a "3G compatibility update" via their Software Update application, though unfortunately not for US customers yet.  See comment #75 below for a direct link to the installer.  With this update installed, the reboots seem to magically have gone away!  And just like that, 808 PureView is finally the dream phone it promised to be!Back to 5 stars, cheaper data plan, and a happier life. :)=======================Camera, Camera, Camera!=======================The camera is obviously the main attraction, and is in itself is worth the money.  If the 808 were sold as a standalone camera, it would handily beat just about every point-and-shoot camera out there.  Even when shooting at 5MP or 8MP, it easily outclasses even more "pro" compacts such as theCanon G12.The one seeming deficiency that the 808 PureView would have when compared to those dedicated camera is a lack of optical zoom.  This, clearly, has to do with size - there is no way to fit in the optics required, especially when considering the sheer size of the photo sensor included with this phone.  To give you an idea, the sensor is twice the size of the G12, whose 5x optical zoom already gives it a 2-inch thick body when retracted.  And compared to most "ultra-zoom" cameras (such as theCanon SX IS series), the sensor in the 808 is 3-4 times as large!Enter the genius of Nokia's "PureView" technology.  This gives you, among other things, "Lossless" digital zoom. (Yeah there are quotes, I'll get back to why).At full resolution, pictures taken with this phone consist of 34 or 38 megapixels (in 16:9 and 4:3 aspect ratios, respectively).  At that resolution, the size of each pixel is equivalent to that of recent 8MP smart phones such as the iPhone 4S or the Samsung Galaxy series. Obviously, photos from those phones can be a bit... meeh... especially in low light conditions.  So yeah, scaling up from 8MP of random noise to 38MP of random noise is not really the value proposition Nokia was going for here.Instead, in "PureView" mode, you will be capturing 8MP, 5MP or even 2MP photos - and you will be impressed at how much information is available despite the lower resolution, and at the color "depth" that comes with a much wider dynamic range.  You'll truly appreciate how it's not the pixel count that matters, the quality of each pixel.  You'll even feel a little bit more smug vis a vis those poor souls who still believe more MPs == better pictures.The idea is that by "binning" several pixels (photo cells) together into larger "super-pixels", each resulting pixel receives more light (signal), whereas most of the noise associated with shifting and reading the signal from the CCD remains constant.  In turn, this means less noise per resulting pixel, shorter exposure times, less blur.  Less noise also means more efficient compression, resulting in even smaller file sizes (despite the cleaner picture!).So why not simply use a cheaper 5MP or 8MP sensor then?  So long as the total sensor area is the same, wouldn't you get the same benefits?There are at least two reasons for this.  First, would you even be looking at this phone it it was marketed with a "5 Megapixel Camera"?  For all that we decry the marketing race for higher megapixel numbers despite the resulting deterioration in image quality, we are still allowing ourselves to be fooled by it.  By placing a "41 Megapixel" label on this thing, Nokia is essentially using metrics that give you a fairly accurate representation of its camera performance vis a vis other smart phones in the market today.  (Update April 2013: Manufacturers are getting smarter: The HTC One, at 4 MP, borrows some concepts from the Nokia/PureView playbook).The second reason is that this allows for the aforementioned "lossless" digital zoom.  In other smart phones (with the exception of video recording modes on theNokia N8,Sony Ericsson C905a, and a couple of others), once you start to zoom in, you are in effect "scaling up" an image from its native pixel resolution, just as you would if you enlarged a picture in an image editing program.  You are not adding any detail, you are only blurring the original.In contrast, the 808 digital zoom works by reducing the size of each "super-pixel", down all the way to its native resolution.  So at the far end of the zoom range, you are essentially using only the center portion of the sensor, cropped such that 1 photo cell corresponds exactly to 1 pixel in the resulting image.  In simplified terms, you could say that you reduce or eliminate the "oversampling" that PureView otherwise provides.This, combined with the phone's aspheric lens design and other ingenious solutions, allows for optical performance way  its physical size would normally indicate.  In fact, in a side-by-side blind test conducted by GSMArena.com, it went on to score higher than theOlympus PEN E-PL2interchangeable lens (DSLR-like) camera with its "four thirds" inch photo sensor (about 2.5x larger than that of the 808).  Granted, these were mostly daytime/outdoor photos at the wide range etc etc -- but the fact that this can even happen speaks volumes!One thing I have not yet mentioned is the awesome video and audio recording quality of this phone.  Unless you have professional video recording equipment usually reserved for movie studios and broadcasters, there is nothing else no the market that matches the richness in both video and sound (frequency range, dynamic range) that this thing gives.============================The perfect travel companion============================If you are traveling, this is really the one gadget you want to bring with you!  Some reasons:* The camera - obviously!  You can safely leave your compact digital camera or camcorder at home.* Nokia Maps.  Free navigation, phenomenal map/POI coverage.  Unlike Google Maps, map data is stored in vector format, so it is much less data intensive (both for download and storage).  In fact, data can be stored offline beforehand, so you don't need any data connection at all to use it.* Other preinstalled Nokia applications, such as Nokia Guides (city guides, restaurant guides, etc) and Nokia Public Transport (very nice and useful if looking for public transit options near you).* Worldwide 3G coverage.  This is one of very few phones, like the N8 before it, that has penta-band UMTS network support, meaning it works on any GSM carrier's 3G network worldwide (including both AT&T; and T-Mobile USA).* Multiple ways to connect to TV sets to share photos, videos, etc, including HMDI, DNLA, and plain old RGB output for analogue TVs.  A dedicated "Nokia Big Screen" application provides a nice media centric interface, and can be paired with and controlled by Wii or PlayStation remote control.Psiloc Traveller comes preinstalled, but requires a license purchase for some functionality (e.g. flight status/updates, Currency Conversion).  Free alternatives exist - e.g. "FlightAware", "Currencies", etc.====================================Symbian is Dead - Long Live Symbian!====================================In 2010, Symbian was still the world's most used smartphone OS.  However, the writing was on the wall; the user interface layer was still largely stuck in the mode of physical keypads, and had not really been keeping up with iOS and Android in terms of usability on touch screens.  If this was not clear enough before, it certainly became apparent after the release of the N97, which by all accounts did a lot of damage for Nokia's public relations.They spent a lot of effort over the next year or so to repair the damage, bringing a much needed facelift and usability updates with the "Anna" and "Belle" releases, as seen on the N8.  At the same time, they prepared to eventually replace Symbian with their Maemo, later MeeGo OS, as seen on their "Internet Tablets" (700, N800, N810) and the N9 smartphone.  They even purchased Troll Technologies, a Norwegian company that produced the "Q Toolkit" (Qt), a graphical programming environment that would bridge the gap between Symbian and MeeGo.Meanwhile, they hired former Microsoft grey suit Stephen Elop as their new CEO.  Within months, he announced the end of both Symbian and MeeGo in one fell swoop, and instead hijacked the company as a tool to help Microsoft in a last-ditch effort to force feed the Windows platform onto an otherwise unwilling smartphone market.  In most countries around the world, the Nokia brand is still held in much higher regard than, say, Samsung or HTC, and having Nokia in their camp gave Microsoft another shot at returning to their glory days, they thought.  Well yeah that has not gone too well, has it.So why then, after all this time, would they now resurrect Symbian from the grave, only to release their newest flagship phone on it!?  If their strategy was not confusing enough already, it certainly seems so now!The bottom line is that Symbian was their only OS that could handle the massive amount of processing required for decent camera and especially video recording performance.  They have spent 5 years on developing PureView, exploiting every advantage that the lightweight Symbian OS offers; it is not trivial to get this working on other platforms, let alone Windows Phone.Now, they have in fact indicated that while they WILL eventually release the PureView technology on their Windows Lumia phones - however these will initially NOT have the same pixel resolution and optical performance as the 808.  Until processor speeds catch up a bit more, this is likely to remain the case.UPDATE 2013-04-30: Rumors are firming up in regards to the Nokia EOS/Lumia 1000, a forthcoming 41MP cameraphone like the 808, but this time running Windows Phone 8.  Larger, higher-resolution screen, aluminum unibody construction, quad core CPU, more memory...  (it needs to support Windows Phone 8 after all) - but apparently not quite a match for the 808 in terms of the camera.  Judging by pictures, the lens/photo sensor seems smaller; they would also have to overcome some inherent shortcomings in the Windows Phone camera module such as poor white balance, no zoom during video recording, etc.  More information should be available around May 14.==============User Interface==============So, Symbian is definitely getting a bit long in the tooth compared to Android and iOS.  Still, I'll stick my neck out a little: It remains the greatest (mainstream) mobile operating system created so far!Part of the reason is technical, as described below.  But just as important, all of its main rivals (Android, iOS, Windows Phone, even BlackBerry) carry with them somewhat uncomfortable tie-ins to their vendor, whether it be:* excessive restrictions and control of what you can and cannot do with your phone (looking at you, Apple!)* excessive dependency on vendor-controlled services to transmit and store your personal data.  Are you comfortable with the way that Android leads to you to use Google services for contact synchronization, emails, and even implicit uploading of photos (often without your explicit knowledge or consent), especially given Google's ever-more aggressive marketing focus?  They are an advertising company, after all...Among these, Symbian remains the most open system, where you, the user, remain in control of your device and the data on it.  To me, this is just as important as any technical reason.In terms of the UI, in many ways it looks and feels a bit like Android, but perhaps a bit "cleaner"/less cluttered.  It's a bit hard to explain - but for instance, the drag-down notification panel at the top includes fewer toggles/notices, but somehow more relevant and useful ones.  For instance, if a USB cable is connected, USB status is shown, you can then tap on it to view more details or change connection mode.  Ditto for Bluetooth, WiFi, Mobile Network, Music Player, etc.  In Android, this area is clobbered up with a lot more information, for instance a summary of recent emails, recent software installations, files sent/received, etc; whereas there is no easy shortcut to, say, scan WiFi networks without first going into the Settings menu.Speaking of email, the default reader is much nicer than the one in Android.  A couple of highlights for me are:* Homescreen widgets of various sizes (incl. a simple icon with a "new mail" indicator) can be added for each email account.  In Android, I don't have a quick way to go directly from the homescreen to the inbox of a specific account (e.g. "Work Mail", "Personal Mail"), unless I use a different email program for each account (GMail app for GMail, built-in mail for IMAP, Touchdown for Exchange, etc. etc.).* A more "professional" quoting style than the iOS or Android readers, where relevant portions of the original email header (sender, recipients, subject) is included in forwards/replies.  Also, unlike the iOS reader, retains the original formatting (i.e. does not convert to plain text).* In the message list, mails are grouped by date; you can quickly select/mark all mails for a given date by pushing on the date separator line.  I find this curiously lacking in iOS and Android...Each home screen is "themed" with its own portrait/landscape layout, wallpaper, etc - which helps you organize them by activity.Aside from being cleaner, the UI also feels less "intrusive" than Android, iOS, WP8.  Android, in particular leads you to use Google services for everything from contacts to photos, music, data backups, etc - as if Google were deliberately spying on your activities.  In Symbian, synchronization of various types of data tend to be more explicit (for instance, import photos into iPhoto, explicitly synchronize contacts, etc).Finally, Symbian feels less like an Advertising platform than Android and iOS.  While there are thousands and thousands more applications for these latter platforms, often they contain adware that is not present in (sometimes more basic) Symbian equivalents.  Cue Nokia Internet radio vs. the likes of TuneIn, XiiaLive, or MediaU for Android - which are all more flashy, but because of the ads, also more cluttered.  Or an even more stark example: Endomondo Sports Tracker on Symbian is free (and ad free), vs. the Android version which is ad supported (or $5 to remove ads).============Applications============That brings us right to the topic of applications.  As you would expect, once Elop gave Symbian the death sentence, and moreover, that the Qt application environment would NOT be ported to Windows Phone, he also completely removed any remaining incentive for application developers to support this platform.  Some of the main "pain points" for me are:* There is no Netflix application.  (You can however download and watch videos from Amazon via the Amazon Unbox client for Windows; or rip from your DVDs with Handbrake (handbrake.fr)).* There is no Amazon Kindle.  No Google Play Books.  (Go get a tablet.  Or use Ionic reader to read non-DRM books from O'Reilly, Project Gutenberg, etc).* There is no IMDB, Fandango or other application to browse movie listings and show times.  Google search works somewhat, but is a bit klunky.* Skype only supports voice calls, not video.  MAYBE this will happen now that Skype is owned by Nokia's new sugar daddy, but I would not hold my breath.  Meanwhile, there is always Fring.That said, many of Nokia's own applications are very nice, and often unexpectedly useful.  For example:* Nokia Situations, available from Nokia Beta Labs.  This switches your profile, desktop background, sound themes, etc based on conditions such as GPS Location, WiFi access point, calendar entries, time of day.  I have my phone set up to automatically turn to "Meeting" mode (muted ring tone, vibrations) while in meetings, and Offline once I arrive at my home.  UPDATE: This is now discontinued, but the developers have made their updated "Situations" application available via the OVI Store.  Highly recommended - it's much simpler to use and works better than, say, the "Tasker" application for Android.* Wellness Diary, also from Beta Labs.  Once it is installed, it uses the accelerometer and some nifty logic to count your steps, similar to a pedometer, and records a diary for you.  In combination with a GPS tracker application like Endomondo Sports Tracker, this provides an excellent way to keep track of your physical activity.* Car Mode, available in the OVI Store.  Makes the phone easier to use while driving.  The main screen consist of only 3 large buttons: Call, Drive and Music.  Can be set up to launch automatically once connected to your Bluetooth car stereo.* Nokia Internet Radio, which lets you listen to streaming radio from hundreds of preloaded stations around the world, or you can add your own.  (I use this to listen to the "pledge free" stream from my local public radio station during pledge season, as well as to radio from abroad).* Nokia Sleeping Screen, which takes advantage of the battery savings of the OLED screen technology to give you some visual indicators (clock, message/calendar alerts) while the device is in standby/sleeping mode.  Several themes are available, ranging from plain and functional to silly (Yes Nokia engineers can be goofy too at times) - or you can even use modified versions of your own images.Symbian is also the last remaining smartphone OS (aside from BlackBerry to some degree) to support Java MIDlets - applications written on the J2ME platform that was pretty much universal in most phones until the iPhone came along.  There are still quite a few of those floating around; for instance I have installed:* Emulators for the Casio FX-601P and HP-45 programmable calculators (for the nostalgic in you)* UpVise, a suite of applications to create and synchronize notes, shopping lists, etc. between your computer (via their website) and your phone.Finally, if you are not satisfied with the likes of QuickOffice, the "real" Microsoft Office (including OneNote, Lync, etc) is available as a Software Update.  Personally, I am sticking with QuickOffice for (mostly viewing) the occasional Word or PowerPoint document.============Connectivity============Nokia phones have traditionally been far ahead with regards to connectivity options.  For instance, TV connectivity via HDMI, DNLA or plain old TV-out has been supported since the N8.  Symbian also has the most complete Bluetooth stack found anywhere:* When playing music to your car stereo, track information is also shown (if supported by your stereo)* Bluetooth HID for keyboard and mouse support since the N95.* As soon as you pair with your computer, you can instantly browse the phone's filesystem just like any other storage volume.In fact, if you plug it into a monitor via HDMI and a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse, and applications such as the PuTTY SSH client (Search "PuTTY for S60"), "RFB Touch" (a VNC viewer), Microsoft Office or QuickOffice, etc., you'll have an ultra-portable little mini-computer while on the go.The 808 is also one of (still) very few phones that has support for Near Field Communications (NFC), which means that as this protocol gets accepted, you can in theory use this phone as your transit pass, to make payments, etc.That said, the 808 brings with it a couple of disappointments as well:* Mac Specific: Since Apple have removed the iSync application from Mac OS X 10.7 (Lion), Nokia no longer builds iSync plugins for their phones (even for those of us who run older versions of OS X).  This means that there is no easy way to synchronize contacts, calendar and tasks directly with your Mac - though various "online" options exist (e.g. Nokia Sync, MS Exchange).  For better or worse: No good solution for Google Contacts synchronization though.* WebDAV support has been removed from the File Manager.  This means that you need 3rd party applications to access remote file shares, such as myExplorer (SMB/CIFS), Davi (WebDAV) or PaderSync FM (multiple options).* "Tethering" your phone's internet connection with other nearby devices, such as a laptop or tablet, is a bit more cumbersome with the 808 than with previous phones, at least in the US.- Wi-Fi tethering is possible via third party applications such as JoikuSpot, but it only works outside North America.  When attempting to start JoikuSpot while connected to AT&T;'s or T-Mobile's network, you'll get a "Connection Unavailable" message.- The Bluetooth "DUN" profile allows you to share your connection with a Bluetooth enabled laptop or an Android tablet, but does not work for iPad.  (Simply pair your tablet/computer with the phone).- USB tethering works well with a Mac or a PC.  (Use the "Nokia Suite" connection profile for a Mac, or "USB Modem" for a PC).=============Stuck in Time=============Since Nokia are putting less effort into Symbian these days, we cannot expect to see much in the way of new features in the OS.  For instance:* No 4G (LTE) network support.  In fact, this phone only supports speeds up to 14.4 Mbps (HSDPA), not even the 22 Mbps HSPA+ technology that T-Mobile USA (misleadingly) labels "4G".  Then again, everything about this phone is less data intensive than on Android: Offline maps/navigation, map data stored as vector data and not images, no automatic (and unwilling?) synchronization of photos with Google+, etc.  All in all, your battery will thank you!* No multi-core CPU support.  However, Symbian is very lightweight when it comes to resource use, and unlike Android, does not really NEED any more CPU cores to be usable.  Certain tasks, such as video recording, are aided via a dedicated DSP.* Screen resolution is WVGA (640x360 pixels).  Most people won't notice, though.  In fact, the screen looks brilliantly crisp and vibrant - much more so than on my wife'sSamsung Galaxy Note(5.3" screen, 1280x800 pixels).  However, these specs do not look so good in phone reviews where the reviewer (literally!) puts the screen under a magnifying glass.* The standard web browser is getting a bit long in the tooth, and not really performing by today's standards.  You can get some speed boost by installing Opera Mobile or Opera Mini, but in that case you loose support for Adobe Flash.* The standard QWERTY touch pad is a bit outdated and cumbersome to use.  Much like the iPhone's, where you need to switch layout to enter numbers or symbols, then back again.  A better one IMO is Swype, which is of course famous for its "sliding" motion to generate common words, and which supports long-press for alternate symbols, and even-longer presses for nearly every character you can think of.  It can be downloaded from the Nokia Store - do NOT get it from Nokia Beta Labs (see below)!That said, the UI has undergone quite a bit of polish leading up to Nokia Belle (the version of Symbian that's included here).  Similar to Nokia's own Maemo/MeeGo OSes as well as Android, home screen widgets are now variable size; a notification panel can be dragged down from the top, etc.====Bugs====I find that the most useful parts of reviews are often the description of what does NOT work as it should.  To be sure, there is some of that in the 808 as well.* As mentioned in the introduction, this phone stability issues with certain HSDPA (3.5G) networks, where it will from time to time reboot on its own.  You should install the "3G Compatibility Fix" in order to get this fixed.  Or, if you don't plan on using data much, you can disable 3.5G (HSDPA) and revert back to "plain 3G" (UMTS) speeds:Settings -> Connectivity -> Admin. settings -> Mobile Network -> High speed packet access -> Disabled.* The "Nokia Multimedia Transfer" tool for Mac OS X does not seem to receive updates anymore, and the version that currently exists does not correctly import photos into iPhoto.  This is not a huge issue though, since your Mac will natively recognize this phone as a camera when plugged in via USB - however it will then attempt to import ALL photos stored on your phone (including wallpapers, contact photos, podcast icons, etc) - so you will want to select which photos you want to import each time.  NMT is still useful to synchronize music and videos with iTunes - though you can also use other (3rd party) tools such as Salling Media Sync for the job.* Nokia has not yet fixed an issue that appeared in the original Belle release, where you will not be able to connect to certain "enterprise" WiFi networks that are secured with the EAP protocol. (802.1x, PEAP, etc).  :(* Google Maps will crash/exit unless WiFi is enabled.  In any case, the Symbian version does not seem to be receiving updates anymore, and the most recent version available is a bit more clunky than Nokia Maps (for instance, lacking pinch-to-zoom functionality).* The reason I mentioned "Endomondo Sports Tracker" above is that its more famous competitor, named simply "Sports Tracker" (originally "Nokia Sports Tracker" from Nokia Beta Labs) does not work gracefully with the GPS in the 808.  It acquires a GPS lock almost instantly, but then loses it just as fast.  To use it, you'd have to keep the GPS alive with another application (like, say, Endomondo or else utilities such as "GPSInfo").  Yeah thanks but no thanks, I've switched to Endomondo.* DO NOT install Swype 2.1 Beta (from Nokia Beta Labs) on this phone!  While Swype 1.0 from the OVI store works fine, the Swype 2.1 split keyboard design conflicts with the Belle Feature Pack 2 release, and the keyboard will be covering the input field into which you are typing.  Moreover, uninstalling Swype 2.1 Beta does not work cleanly, so downgrading back to v1.0 will not work correctly! (The Swype keyboard will not be effective until you perform a hard factory reset).  So: Stay away from Swype from Nokia Beta Labs!==============Practicalities==============* This phone uses a micro-SIM.  If you don't already have one, you can cut your mini-SIM using a micro-SIM Cutter.  Be careful though, there are some reports of contacts shorting against the metallic area of the SIM tray, thus causing instability and reboots of the phone.  If you are queasy about this, better go get a new micro-SIM from your local AT&T; or T-Mobile retailer.* It supports micro-SDXC cards just fine.  I currently have a64GB cardin mine, for a total of 80GB storage. :)  One caveat I found is that this does always work so well over USB in "Mass Storage" mode (perhaps because older desktop OSes lack SDXC support and/or lack of support for the ExFAT filesystem normally used on these), but "Media Transfer" and "Nokia Suite" modes work just fine.* I highly recommend gettinga coverfor this phone.  The metallic area around the camera window on the back is a bit prone to scratches, especially since the phone normally rests on it.  Also given the ergonomics of the phone, it is a bit prone to slipping out of your hands when holding around it.  I have had mine flung into the air and back down on hard concrete - but thanks to the cover, not a single scratch! :)* The USB charging port is on top.  Perhaps for this reason, there are no vehicle dash cradles made specifically for this phone.  Brodit used to make some (sold through ProClipUSA) for older Nokia phones (their N8 cradle was really quite nice!), but the charging port on top probably made this less of a value added proposition.  The silver lining is that you could just use their generic cradle, and thus be able to accommodate the phone even with a cover. :)* This phone can act as a flashlight, using its LED autofocus/video recording beam.  Hold down the lock/unlock key on the right side for 2-3 seconds to turn on/off.* Some people complain that this phone is expensive.  Keep in mind that it is unlocked, not subsidized by a contract.  This pays off in the long run.  If you have a "Data Unlimited" plan from AT&T;, you pay $15 or $10 per month; compared to their smartphone data plans where you pay $30/month for 3GB of data.  That adds up to a difference of $360-$480 over the 2-year contract term for one of their smart phones.  (T-Mobile also offers some discounts when you "Bring Your Own" phone, though lesser).===============The Bottom Line===============I realize that this is not a phone that will satisfy everyone.  Most users are more likely to be swayed by metrics such as CPU frequencies, screen resolution, fastest downloads, number of applications in their respective "app stores", and - counterproductively as far as the camera goes - a ridiculous attention to slimness.  Oh, and sticker price - honest or not.Having used Nokia phones for a while now, I simply could not see myself compromising in specific areas, such as multitasking capabilities, connectivity options, attention to protecting your data, and most of all of course, the camera.  (My previous phones were the N8, the Sony Ericsson C905a, the N97, and the N95 - all the "top" camera phones of their time).So despite the flaws mentioned in this review, once you have this phone set up and working as it should, there is nothing on the market that can match this phone for what it is.  While CPU benchmarks will render today's top Android phone completely obsolete within 6 months from now, and the industrial design of the new iPhone will make last year's model look like a "has been", the 808 PureView will reign supreme in its niche for years to come - it's just that far ahead! Even Nokia are unlikely to match its camera performance anytime soon, now that Damian Dinning, the person mainly behind Nokia's PureView technology, has left for a position at Jaguar

And that's it.I bought this phone believing the hype for the camera. Even in ideal lighting conditions and ideal settings (8MP without zoom), metering is all over the place, focus is unreliable and images are washed out. My iPhone 5's camera is miles ahead in terms of reliability and punch. And in low light, the washed out output of the N808 is not much better than the relatively noisy output of the iPhone's.I knew Symbian Belle so I had no expectations for usability for the rest of the phone and I am not disappointed. Not smooth, a dearth of apps, good display given the mediocre resolution, other features I don't really care for.So this thing cost me $450 + $25 for a $32 GB card. Roughly twice the price of a similarly sized iPod Touch. This is how I am planning to use it. Oh well ...

Simply the best in every aspect... Would not trade the 808 for any other smartphone out there... Symbian on 1.3Mhz is blazing fast

I bought the phone to replace my aging N8 (low memory issue all the time no matter how many times you re-install the OS)but the 808 software FP1 was very buggy. Whenever I tried to connect to 3G the phone froze and I had to pull the battery out (never happened with N8). So after a week of frustration I decided to send it back to amazon. Surprisingly I had similar experience with N8 when I bought that in 2010.Pros: Very good call quality, No noticeable lagging or stuttering if you are used to symbian Nokia phones,Superb Camera, good battery life, beautiful display.Cons: Buggy software especially when you connect to 3G, No quick office, comes with Microsoft OS but it is no where near Quick Office experience.Bottom line : I will buy it from Amazon if the 3G bug is fixed by Nokia.

Ever since Nokia announced the 808 PureView at MWC last year, I've been like a moth drawn to candlelight. Throughout most of 2012, while loving my MeeGo powered N9, I was been utterly intrigued by the 808, watching hours of YouTube videos, reading every brilliant word of Steve Litchfield's 808 PureView reviews and positively drooling over the incredible photos it has produced that are now peppered all over the internet.The 808&#8242;s huge camera sensor is obviously the main point of interest, but the list of specs also seems to be something that every Nokia fan dreamed of - in a Symbian phone that is. Because of course by the time the 808 was launched, Nokia was already shifting Windows Phones, namely the Lumias 800 and 710. But as someone who has enjoyed using Symbian phones for a long time, it was the fact Nokia had put every last goodie under the hood of the 808, and had crafted a solid device made from top-end materials, and I was drawn to it. I was very pleased to learn that it had a removable battery, a microSD slot, HDMI out port, Gorilla Glass screen (curving at the edges in a similar fashion to my much-loved N9), a radio transmitter, a Xenon flash and LED for a torch... the long list continues. There seemed to be no compromise this time, no skimping on the internals or externals. It was as if Nokia development and management had sat around a table together and decided that, seeing as this was going to be Symbian's swan-song, it was going to be the best they could produce.And it is.I've had my Nokia 808 PureView for a few days now, so here is a quick summary of how I have found it as my daily device.Nokia Belle Feature Pack 2 is without a doubt the very best Symbian has had to offer, and I have had no problem navigating around the menus and homescreens within this last iteration of the much-loved OS. The software has given me a few tiny headaches though, which I'll go into later. But on-the-whole it has been just great, and of course, the OS has benefited immensely from the extra horse-power; the 1.3GHz processor moves things along with zero lag, and it makes you wish that Nokia had been this generous in the previous run of S^3 phones. Going back to the N8 with its 680MHz chip just simply doesn't do things the way it should. So yes, I think it's almost easy to forget you're using a Symbian phone because the lag and stuttering you're expecting doesn't happen. It's smooth and whizzy, and I like that a lot.But the software is only half the attraction. For me, the actual physical build, design and feel of the 808 draws my hand toward it when I haven't used it for a while. I bought the red version, (from an online retailer called R&D; Marketing,a lot cheaper than Amazon)and I'm so glad I did, because it just oozes fun and is certainly unique in the ocean of black slabs. Was I a little worried about weight and thickness? Sure. But when I first held it in my hand I was shocked at how light it actually is, and the camera bulge actually makes the phone really easy to hold in the hand; it's perfectly balanced for one-handed use and feels 100% natural in landscape orientation. Actually in landscape, you can't think of holding anything but a camera, it's really well designed and made.So overall, I am extremely pleased with the 808 in terms of general experience with Belle FP2 and also the wonderful physical design and feel of it.The camera is, of course, a monster of a camera. I haven't taken a million photos with it yet, but I have taken a few, played with some of the settings, and every time I've been immensely impressed with the results. Over time, I will learn a bit more about the many options and settings the 808 gives you, and I'm sure my Flickr account will soon fill up with great shots.Here is a list of likes and dislikes that I've experienced/found in these first few days:LIKES:* The FP2 keyboard is amazing, even better in many ways than the great keyboard of my N9. It has already learned some of my most commonly-used words, including my email address name, and tapping on the suggestions has really sped up my messaging. The new staggered layout is a breath of fresh air on a Symbian phone too; why has this taken so long?* I love activating the camera straight from locked. Simply pressing the shutter button instantly brings up the viewfinder, and if you keep the finger depressed (cheer up!) on the button it will actually take a photo. So from locked to photo in about 2-3 seconds. Very cool.* Swiping to unlock the phone is wonderful, especially for someone like me who has been swiping the lockscreen of an N9 for over a year. There's no double-tap here, but pressing the home button is fine as even that has been really well made. It's reminiscent of the button-strip on the Nokia 603 and Lumia 710, but it's much less stiff and really seems to glide almost seamlessly into the screen.* The battery has been great so far, but it's early days.* The speaker is excellent; listening to some podcasts while doing the housework (grrr!) was nothing short of amazing, and the volume wasn't up all the way!* The screen is very bright and colours really pop. It's superb, and the Clear Black Display means the blacks are really deep, just like on my N9 - you don't know where the screen ends and the bezel begins...excellent and very pretty.My connection to T-Mobile is strong and solid. My kitchen can be a mobile phone `dead spot', but the 808 manages to cling on to 1 or 2 bars. Good signal strength around New York City as far as I can tell.DISLIKES:* The wifi bug seems to have visited my 808 and it doesn't like to cling on to my Apple Airport Express wifi signal. I have tried a few easy fix options like rebooting the router, changing the password, having my 808 be the first device to connect to it, etc, etc, but unfortunately, the wifi connection will drop off the phone and I'll have to manually connect to wifi again, select my Airport and wait for it to connect. This happens when I have Mobile Data switched on (it will `prefer' the cellular data over the available wifi, even though my wifi is Priority 1 in Settings/Destinations), or if I have Mobile Data switched off, and then there will be zero data connectivity going on. And yes, wifi Power saving is set to `disabled', and yes, I have downloaded the WLAN `fix' from Nokia Beta Labs. Oh well.* I have experienced a few reboots, which I was tutting and rolling my eyes about, until I think I found the culprit: Opera Mobile. So now I'm using Opera Mini, which, actually is much better for handling websites while I'm out and about on 3G, so I'm very happy using that as my main browser.* The screen resolution is taking some getting used to. I'm not going to bemoan it, but I just can't help but wish that Nokia had gone with something more like 800x400 or something similar.360x640 is pretty rough at times, especially on tiny web fonts or on Angry Birds. The photos I'm taking look fine on the phone's screen, but superb on my computer's screen. I sort of understand Nokia's logic in going with an nHD screen; it was probably cheaper and that is something that was needed with an already-expensive device, and the photos you take with this beast aren't meant for looking at on a tiny 4" screen anyway. So I'll get used it. I think!All in all, getting this red monster has been very pleasurable to use. Keeping an open mind from the outset it's really obvious, actually blindingly obvious that all those tech reviewers that wrote this off as "great camera, shame about it running that awful Symbian" didn't use it for more than 10 minutes. Sure, the screen isn't 1080p, sure it doesn't have a quad-core processor, and Symbian has been around for a while. If those reviewers were simply harking back to the October 2010 days of the first release of S^3, then yes, I would say it was clumsy and sticky and not fun to use. But Belle FP2 is excellent and nothing like my N8's out-of-the-box S^3 software tragedy. So I'm happy Nokia continued to invest in Symbian throughout 2011 and 2012 despite going with Windows Phone, because the improvements are palpable and really add a modern flavour and feel to the device.A really excellent site for everything PureView related is the aptly named PureViewClub.(com) A treasure trove resource for the 808 (and Nokia Lumia 920), and highly recommended!

I wanted to love this. I was ready to go back to Symbian just for the camera. Except... it's impossible! So much of what we do now is about the software we run vs the phones and OS we use... and Symbian quite obviously predates that sea-change. It tries... but is obviously a kludge between what was and what is, and feels it. Not to mention the cellular radio doesn't like HSPA and the phone locks up at random. Cool pocket camera I suppose but then again so are any of the far more capable dedicated pocket cameras out there.

Camera: 6 out of 5 (Yes it's that good for a phone)Okay this takes the most absolutely amazing photos for a phone. Shooting in 38MP is simply stunning. The detail is very nice but does come at a cost of noise. But the photos are still very usable. 8MP Pureview mode, is a notch down from 38MP but gets lower image noise. The photos are still stunning. But the thing about this phone is you have to know a thing or two about photography to get sharp and crisp photos. Some people are expecting DSLR quality because of the money they paid but are not thinking this is still a P&S; camera. No control over shutter speed or aperture. So you have to be very still when snapping pics. So when taking pictures indoors with low light without flash be sure to be very still when taking pictures. The shutter speed will likely drop to 1/15 a sec to allow more light in. Something an experience photographer can do but not your average Joe.Video and Sound Recording: 5 out of 5 (Video not as good as pictures but sound is excellent)Video recording on the device is better than all other phones but not that dramatic jump you get from the camera. The sound recording however is superb. It is comparable to $50 - $100 external mics for camcorders or DSLRs. The best sound recorder on a phone.Design: 4 out of 5 (Not better than the Lumia 900 but very close)Another thing that surprised me was the design. Looking at pictures on the internet led me to believe that this thing is big, bulky, ugly and thick. But it really is not. I love the design and build quality. Way better than the N8 in my opinion. I love the material they used. It almost feels like smooth ceramic so not too slippery and not too much grip where dirt can cling to it.Sound and Signal: 5 out of 5 (Excellent speakers and sound quality)Speakerphone and handset speaker is excellent. A lot louder than the n8 without losing detail. Not the high pitched tinny sound either. The signal strength is better than my n8 as well. I believe because of the material of the phone. Also the headphone jack and Dolby headphones effect are very good.Screen: 5 out of 5 (Good colors and contrast. Bright screen allowThe screen is very good as well. It has an extremely bright screen that works well outdoors with lots of sunshine. It probably has the best screen for outdoor purposes. A lot a reviewers are saying bad things about the resolution but to tell you the truth, they're full of Sh** and basing it on specs. I bet they had a magnifying glass and were counting pixels. I did a side by side with an Iphone 4 and could not tell any difference in terms of text sharpness. But the screen is bigger with better colors and contrast. Load up a website and see for yourself. Text is sharp and very readable. Even @ two feet away. An improvement over than N8 in terms of sharpness even though the resolutions are the same and the screen is bigger on the 808. iPhones needs retinas because the screen is small which leads to small text. So the text has to be sharp to be readable. Just like other amoled displays, the screen is bright, lots of contrast and saturation. Great for viewing home screens, apps, photos, etc. But that can also be a con as well. When snapping photos, I don't want all that contrast and saturation. I want to be able to see what's on the screen and when the picture was snapped, be exactly what the screen was displaying. I wish screen adjustments can be made when taking photos and videos. If I were to choose screens for the iPhone or the 808. I would pick the 808 even though the iphone has higher resolution. The screen size, contrast and colors are much more noticeable improvements than the screen resolution. Also the outdoor viewing on it is amazing. Also the deepest blacks I've seen. It is almost as black as the frame border of the lcd.OS: 3 out of 5 (Lack of apps, browser speed and Nokia Store. But still very functional)Coming from a N8 phone there was really no learning curve for me. I was already familiarized with the settings and navigating through-out the entire OS was a breeze for me. Swiping through Home Screens, Scrolling through the app drawer a  Transitioning from Portrait was smooth like butter. There were occasional micro second hiccups when transition the first 38mp photo. But after that it was smooth. My real problem with Symbian is not with Symbian but with the apps the come preinstalled. For instance, the browser. It's like IE6. Slow compared to the latest version of Chrome. But it is still very functional. If you compared the browsers to cars than the GS3 would be a Ferrari, Fast but likely to crash. Iphone4S would be like an accord. Good ol' reliable. Then the 808 as a Hummer, slow and clunky. Another issue I hate is the Nokia Store and no I'm not talking about the small number amount of apps but with how long it takes to install. Also when installing it need to download other things as well like downloading 2 of 6. Do I really need to know that? Just do it under the covers. A 2MB app can take 5 minutes to install because it needs 5 other things. Also no filter for language in the reviews. About 80% of reviews is in a difference language. These are really not any issues for me because I only have a handful of apps that I use. I don't browse on the Phone because I always have access to a PC or my tablet. My android tablet has all my apps and games. Now the good things about the OS. Customization, Navigation, Plays any media format without additional 3rd party apps. File management without Itunes. Can install apps from usb or download from the web. No need to jailbreak or root to install custom roms. Excellent Calendar and email.Summary:The best camera and camcorder in a phone period! With a nice good size vivid screen that can be seen outdoors in pure sunlight. Has enough apps to get me by with my bathroom breaks. I always a PC or tablet nearby for real browsing and apps and games. I only give a 5 star ratings if there is a perfect device. But they do not exist. My perfect phone would be a lumia 900 design with pureview camera. iOS App quality and reliability with the speed of android's browser.

I would like to say the quality of the camera is very poor for it to be a 41 megapixel camera... poor is high class compared to what I wanted to really say about this phone...

Bought it 'cause no matter what camera I have had before, I have always taken a lousy picture. Had the phone two days and I am now Francesco Scavullo (google him). Miraculous results, effortlessly. Everybody will rave about the camera and diss the phone and Nokia Belle, but as a long-time Nokia fan, this is a clunky,wonderfully complicated OS. Incredibly solid feel,great phone reception and enough apps to do ya for now. People have been talking about the lo-rez screen but with the Clear Black display, it's more vibrant and colorful than most. The 808 represents a noble end and also a glorious beginning. Like the Nokia N9, you're holding history and the future in the palm of your hand. You won't regret what I consider a good investment. I honestly think Nokia will rise again, but am so amazed, fascinated and pleased by the stuff coming out of Finland right this minute.UPDATE: I take it back. Not about the photos. I had to send the first unit back because the phone wouldn't charge using the enclosed cable (or any for that matter). Received second unit and after a couple hours it just stopped fetching my gmail. Despite several factory resets, it's still doing the same thing. But what I REALLY ding Nokia on is their pitiful customer phone service. In between putting you on hold, they keeep coming back asking if you reset the phone, deleted the email account and Did I Say It Was the 808? Honestly you think they would have someone there able to take me through the connectivity settings. Photos are fantastic on this thing but I cannot live with a phone that I can't trust with my email. Very sorry, but am gonna have to send this baby back for good.UPDATE: Alright, alright here's your three stars back. I don't want to do anything to hurt sales on this. Think of it like I got an adorable, beautiful baby that started screaming. I just panicked for a sec. Don't preach, cause am keeping my baby.

The 808 Pureview is a camera with a cellphone attached. The camera works well, takes great shots, allows for incredible pre capture zooming and yields shots that hold up to severe cropping.Many of the items photographers need to control are controllable with the 808. ISO, exposure, focus, bracketing can be set manually. There is a neutral density filter that can be employed. No aperture control, the 8.02mm (26mm as a 35mm lens equivalent) lens is fixed at f/2.4. Xenon flash helps with the darkness or with fill in flash. The time between shots was good. This put the processor through its paces as it had to crunch 37 mp of image data to the 8 mp  final image I size I selected.The smartphone piece of this is also quite good. I've used Nokia smartphones since 2007 and know my way around Symbian, now called Nokia Belle. It allows for incredible customization of the user experience. The four inch diagonally measured display is good for what it is, a low resolution (640 x 360)screen but is readable under most conditions. The call quality is excellent. Some of the early production run (made in 2012) have an issue with dropping network connectivity without indicating you are off network. This is apparently corrected in later production runs. Warranty service/replacement is the fix for this issue.The device is physically tough and very rigid. The surface is like a matte ceramic. It is very grippable and not prone to fingerprints. It is a solid device and one that doesn't slip out of your fingers. The battery is removable/replaceable meaning you can shoot all day without a charger if you have an extra battery or two. Under normal use the battery lasts all day.I was very happy to leave my micro43 camera home and use this on my last vacation. With the wide lens it was not much at distance shots that look like you are close but it took amazing scenics and in museums. Its low light capability made turning off the flash reasonable in most instances. I did not bring a tripod but wish I had for some shots. the HH-23 tripod mount allows for simple attachment to a tripod.

A lot of people have written far more detailed & technical reviews than I could ever manage, so please dig around into those if you want the nitty-gritty details. I'm just like to affirm that this is a great piece of technology, and has particular appeal if you don't like to feel "owned" by your service providers.As many have said, this phone may not be for everyone, but it's perfect for me.  Here's why:#1: a great phone (yes, I actually like using my phone to talk to people!)#2: an awesome camera (pictures as good as any digital camera I've owned to date)#3: great maps that don't require connectivity to use- Not looking for a million apps, but all the fundamental ones I've wanted have been available.- Laptop is tethered to my phone for internet access right now. And guess what... It works better than the %*#@! ClearSpot service that I recently canceled.- Buying the unlocked phone allowed me to stick with prepaid $50/month unlimited service. You do the math....- Beautifully built hardware.

I mainly use this phone to text, use wi-fi, and take photos and videos. It's nice not having to carry both a camera and cell phone, especially in the summer when I don't have extra pockets from a jacket. The photo quality is amazing as long as you can keep the camera steady. Warning: this phone may make you addicted to mobile photography!  Camera shake becomes an issue when you try to zoom because the movements become magnified. Nevertheless, lossless zoom with a possibility of slight blurriness is still better than no zoom. To reduce camera shake, I recommend using the touch screen shutter button instead of the physical button because pushing the physical button causes more phone movement due to perpendicular motion relative to the lens vs parallel. The phone is heavier than phones of similar dimensions, but the extra weight helps to keep the camera steady. Audio quality from the video camera is also amazing. It can record in stereo unlike Iphone 5, which records in mono. Be careful not to cover the speakers while filming (the two small holes, one on each side of the phone); otherwise the sound will be muffled. The free voice-navigated gps and maps is a bonus (no data plan required), and so is the FM transmitter, but I don't use these features often.The main issues I have are not deal breakers. There is no direct HDR support, but there is bracketing and a free app for merging the images (HDRapp). Web page loading can be slow and the small keyboard buttons in portrait mode can making typing slow. Apps are limited and app support will continue to decline because of Windows 8; e.g. no Skype video chat, only voice chat. There's Facebook and Twitter, but no Instagram.  Surprisingly, City Lens beta still works with FP2.For those who use mobile data, from the Nokia support forums, apparently there is a bug that requires 3.5g/hspa to be disabled to prevent the phone from freezing. Currently, there does not appear to be a permanent solution, so I cannot recommend this phone for mobile data users.  Since I do not have a data plan, disabling 3G gives me extra battery life to use wi-fi and the camera.

Just got my 808 three days ago..and recieved FP2 (latest update) update two days later. This phone is stunning. UI is very smooth. Very well built. This is an excellent handset...it's hard to believe Nokia is not developing Nokia/Symbian much more. I've used Android and Apple and they both are very good OSes with thier strengths and weaknesses, but this phone is it. I also been seriously considered the Lumia 920, but this one takes them all. Very powerful, smooth, and flexible. Name it, this phone can do it. Only minus is apps avaiability and the intergrated Facebook Client is weak. It excells in connectivity and media performance. I"m sure down the road I'll be using a Nokia/WP device....when I wear our my 808 Pureview. May get another one for then!Charles

I purchased my phone as a &#34;Like New&#34; condition which came with a U.S.A. warranty.I've had it for a little over a week now and I must say I am truly impressed with the camera! I am a photography enthusiast and this camera-phone is a great camera option to bring if I can't bring/carry my DSLR all the time.There are a plethora of reviews (both article and video) mentioning the operating system, touch screen fluidity or responsiveness, Apps, etc.; however, I am only going to mention what I encountered with my Nokia 808 PureView so far...Sure, the responsiveness is not like Apple's or Android's latest versions of Operating Systems, however, it is similar to the earlier versions of both OS from two or three years ago (remember those???).  To me the fluidity is fine...maybe because I updated to the latest Nokia OS.  Nokia's OS is pretty stable...in my opinion.Holding the phone does take a bit of getting used to.  It is a thick phone and it does have a bit of a weight to it (about the weight of 2 iPhone 4's stacked together).  However, after a day or two of navigating around the mobile camera, my hand now knows how to hold it...LOL!!Other great features:Unlocked (this is a GSM phone)The sound playback is superb and clear!Video recording.Various Themes and Widgets.No dropped calls (using AT&T;)Using 64GB micro-SD Memory Card (comes with built-in 16GB) for a total of 80GB of storage!So-and-So features:Variety of Apps available at Nokia App StoreBatteryPre-Installed AppsWi-Fi Connection (keeps disconnecting - home wi-fi is FiOS)In my almost two weeks of owning and experiencing the Nokia 808 PureView, I find the mobile camera with cellular feature to be a great gadget!  If you are looking for a cell phone with a built-in camera this is not the phone for you, BUT if you are looking for a mobile camera that captures great images and videos and not interested in the &#34;smartphone&#34; bells and whistles, then this is the one to get!Keep in mind that these are my opinions!

5-6-13 Update: Not sure if the bug was completely fixed yet like someone wrote in my comments, time will tell, but aside from the HSPA issue the phone is amazing. I was (and still am) annoyed that Nokia released tons of these models with a known bug, but in the end there still isn't anything that can compete with it camera-wise on the market, and it has tons of features still neglected by modern phones today - replaceable battery, NFC, micro SD card expansion, and very fast multitasking. Sure the OS isn't the best, but you get used to it. Basically if you want the best camera phone out there, this is it. Other companies can keep slowly upping their "megapixels," but nothing comes close to the sensor on this.Tips: Make sure to find and download "Camera Lovers Pack" somewhere. No idea why they took that out of the App Store... I would gladly give them my money. It is the best camera app for this phone - allows you to take panorama shots and many different effects in realtime. Other apps: download the HDR beta app from pureviewclub (not the best, but better than nothing) and you can still find an old symbian Google Maps app, which will allow you to use it on a non android phone. Also read some articles online about photo settings. I've started using auto a lot more, but you can do some neat stuff in creative mode (example: if you're taking a photo of bright running water and want a smooth flowing effect, you can lower the shutter speed by turning the ND filter on and ISO to 50).Original anti-bug rant below:Like many of the reviews are saying, this model has a hardware bug with HSPA connectivity bug causing it to freeze or restart, you can see Nokia's announcement here: [...]The worst part is, Nokia realizes there is a problem and says they have "sent their care center instructions on how to fix it," but no one sending their phone in is getting a fixed version. You can read the forum here: [...] to hear about people sending their phone in 7 times and getting it replaced with broken models.Nokia continues to sell a product that it knows is broken without addressing the issue at all. Almost all of the used items here are broken, and I wouldn't be surprised if most of the "new" ones are as well.Let's do something about it. Anyone that has bought this phone in the US, please send Amazon a complaint using this form, http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/reports/contact-us to report a violation of Amazon's rules for listing ID: B0087OXZ3K , then in the description write that the product being sold has a defective mainboard and should be put up for review until an announcement or recall from Nokia. Hopefully if enough of us bring their attention to it, Amazon will be forced to take the item off and Nokia might actually do something about it!

there are some things about this device and the manufacturer that really upset me!!!!  Sometimes when a product has all the right ingredients, but not enough thought is given to the user's experience of ownership and use, I get to the point where it angers me every time I use it - the Pureview 808 and Nokia are perfect examples of this!I primarily bought the 808 for its 41mp camera.  I value pocketable quiet cameras with lenses that don't extend out from the body.  When I first heard about the 41mp with oversampling technology in a pocketable non-extending lens camera that can also be used as a phone and internet device, I thought, "Wow, I gotta have one!!!!!!!!!!".  So now, here it is and....its frustration after frustration with this device and how its implemented by Nokia!First, the camera takes great pictures and in careful hands it can take fantastic photos!!!!!!  BUT for the USA market, Nokia in their infinite wisdom has decided that we USA customers be forced to hear "BEEP", "CLICK" and "TICK-TOCK" for focus confirmation, shutter release and self-timer respectively!!!!!!  There is no way to turn these sounds off unless the 808 is jailbroken which voids the USA warranty!  European 808s allow the user freedom of choice to turn camera sounds off.  So thanks a lot whoever it is in Helsinki, that has seriously compromised the camera's utility for me!Oh, want to be able to send some of those gorgeous photos to family, friends and clients from wherever you are with your 808?  Good luck if your email is on AOL.  I have been spending hours trying to make it work, and so far I'm just going around in circles!  If anyone out there knows how to do it, please so very please let me know!!!!!!!!!If you want to get really angry and frustrated, try calling customer service for help on whatever problem you may have with this complex device!!!!!!!  You'll be sent on a trip to some foreign land where English isn't the native tongue - Your confidence in anger management will surely be tested!!!!!!!What really saddens me is that 15 years ago Nokia was "king of the hill"!  Oh the idea of owning a Nokia - WOW!!!!!!!  Today, my experience with Nokia has banished the warm memories of yesteryear!  By buying the 808, I was rooting for the underdog in a world where Apple is playing it safe.  Its like it was 1998 all over again when Apple was the underdog with the great technology just waiting to be discovered.  I thought Nokia was on the verge of doing the same sort of thing with the Pureview 808 and other upcoming phones.Come on Nokia!!!!!!!!  Get it together!!!!!!!!!  Technology can't do it alone.  You want to survive and thrive again?  Then make the ownership experience enjoyable and fun!!!!!!!!!!Update 10/15/2012:It was discovered that the Exchange Activesync email option won't work with AOL.  This is the only option for email when no SIM card has been installed.  Apparently, more options for email will appear once a SIM card is installed.  It is unknown whether AOL email will still work once the SIM card has been removed - that is if AOL email will work with a SIM card!I then heard about Nokia Configurator 6.3 that is run on a PC while the 808 is connected via a USB cable while running Nokia Suite for configuring options such as email - How complicated can this get?!Meanwhile on an Apple iPhone 3gs setting up AOL email was a breeze!  Simply go into settings to set up mail, press AOL and enter your email address, password, number of emails to be visible in inbox, how often you want it to sync, and you're DONE - SIM card or not!!!Another update 10/15/2012 on camera usability:One piece of good news:I can get rid of one "BEEP" that's involved in taking a photo, by choosing either Close Focus, Hyperfocal Distance Focus or Infinity Focus!Now for more bad news on camera usability:When you switch out of auto focus to use one of the above 3 preset focusing distances, you can't lock exposure by pressing the shutter release halfway.  You can only lock exposure when pressing halfway on the shutter release while using autofocus, and you must let it focus on what's in the center of the frame.Fortunately, when you choose a preset fixed focusing distance, you'll see a visual reminder on the settings icon on the top center of the LCD.  That way when you move to another shooting situation where a different focusing mode would be desired, you'll be reminded of the focusing mode and it can be changed in time before shooting.  Thus botched photos are avoided!Unfortunately when it comes to reminders, ISO and exposure compensation settings reminders need to be vastly improved!  For ISO, "ISO A" is the default.  If you switch to ISO 50, the ISO icon will say "ISO M".  It needs to say "ISO 50"!!!  I want to know what the ISO setting is, not just be reminded that I selected an ISO!!!!!!  When it comes to exposure compensation, you're only reminded that you've selected to overexpose or underexpose!!!!!  How about displaying "+0.7EV", if that's what I've done????!!!!!!!!  If I overexpose by +0.7EV, only a "+" is displayed!Helsinki Camera Usability punchlist:1.  Allow muting of camera sounds for USA customers.2.  Allow "half press" exposure lock for all focusing modes.3.  Show the actual exposure compensation and actual user selected ISO on the LCD.4.  Allow histogram to be shown at all times if desired.5.  LCD preview will go dark when set at a low ISO if in a dim environment.  The photo will be properly exposed.  LCD needs to match actual exposure in all situations.Nokia has been incorporating cameras into phones for a long time.  The 808 is the flagship that should show everyone how it's done!  In order to do this, the "photographer's cellphone" needs to handle like a camera!!!!  Fix these above items and it will be a great little shooter!!!!!!Update 10/16/2012 - More good and bad:The good:When set to 16:9 34MP, ISO 50, the 808 produces an image with more usable resolution than a 16MP ISO 100 fine JPG image from a Sony SLT-A35 w/18-55mm lens set at 18mm f/5.6.  The 808 image is more contrasty (lighter highlights, darker shadows), but it has no color fringing or chromatic abberation which is exhibited in abundance in the Sony photo.The bad:The resulting photo frequently differs from the LCD preview.  In order for the LCD preview to be an effective tool, the preview image needs to closely resemble the photo that's about to be taken!  For instance on the Sonly SLT-A35, the playback view of the photo very closely resembles its preview, while on the 808, the resulting photo can look a fstop darker or show a difference in contrast compared to its preview.Update 10/18/2012:More camera usability challenges:Since the exposures from the 808's camera are contrasty (like shooting slide film), you have to nail exposure to preserve the highlight detail without the shadows going "black" too.  There are 3 ways with the 808 to control exposure:1.  Use autofocus without tapping the screen, by pressing the shutter release halfway.  If the preview looks too light or too dark, move the camera a little towards a lighter or darker area and repeat the procedure until the LCD preview looks right and while holding the shutter release down halfway, recompose and shoot.The problems with this method are:The 808 beeps every time focus in confirmed.  Not good if you're photographing candidly anything that's alive or if you're photographing a quiet moment that's not to be disturbed.  Big problem for USA customers since the beep can't be muted!!!  Also the LCD preview of the photo that's about to be taken, can't be trusted either!  This is unfortunate, because its the quickest way to handle exposure on this camera.2.  Use one of the fixed focus settings to get rid of the beep and use exposure compensation:The problem with using exposure compensation as a real-tome exposure adjustment is that the LCD preview and histogram don't change fast enough as you're "sliding" the exposure compensation setting. Another problem is that the histogram seems to reflect the preview image as displayed by the LCD.  As stated earlier, the LCD preview is not accurate enough to be relied on for correct exposure.  It appears to be that in dim situations with low ISOs, the LCD preview image is darker than the resulting photo, while in bright conditions the LCD preview image is lighter than the resulting photo!  Since the histogram appears to track the preview image, the histogram is unreliable too!3.  Use bracketing mode for 3 or 5 exposures:One would think, "Bracketing could be the way to go then to guarantee that one picture turns out well without any fuss!".  WRONG!!!!!!!!!!  Besides the fact that a 3 exposure bracket will allow 0.3EV increments and the 5 exposure bracket allows a minimum of 0.7EV increments between exposures, the bracketing function doesn't even work properly!  First of all its glacially slow in full resolution - about 4-5 seconds between exposures.  Also when a 3 exposure bracket is specified, you get 2 exposures, and with a 5 exposure bracket you get only 3 exposures!!!!!!!!!  That's how bracketing behaves on my 808 in full resolution mode - its unusable!!!!!!!!!A lithe little trustworthy silent candid shooter it is NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Update:  10/19/2012 - One step forward, two steps back:The one step forward:The beep, click and tick tock camera sounds:  They're gone!!!!!!!!!!!!Bracketing can work using 5 exposures!!!  You can also set the exact exposure compensation for each of the 5 exposures when in bracketing mode.  This is really cool to be able to customize each exposure!!!!!!!What caused this miracle to take place?  CameraPro!  Download the CameraPro app for the Nokia Pureview 808 from the Nokia Store.Unfortunately, this newfound goodness comes at a cost!The two steps back:1.  When "oh so quietly" using the 808 (its very quiet!) with CameraPro in single shot mode, sometimes at random your just taken photo isn't saved and disappears into a digital black hole!!!!!!  If being a "pro" means getting the picture, then the "Pro" in CameraPro is undeserved!  This malady occurs frequently!  A significant number of photos won't come home with you!  This is intolerable!!!!!!!!Fortunately in bracketing mode, every photo gets saved.  If you only have 1 opportunity to take the photo, use bracketing mode in CameraPro, and you'll not lose a photo (at least I haven't yet!).2.  As far as I can tell, CameraPro has no playback mode to look thru my just taken photos.  It only provides for a playback of the shot just taken for a timeframe of your choosing and then reverts back to previewing mode.If I want to be sure a photo has been saved, I must use the Gallery app which has problems of its own!  It takes time for Gallery to be ready for you to view an individual photo at times.  At times when you try erasing the photo, the erasing doesn't "take" and it has to be erased again!CameraPro has no AE lock at all, thus exposure compensation must be used.  Its slider is sort of finicky and hard to use quickly.Sometimes CameraPro will confirm focus, but the photo will be out of focus in the area that focus was confirmed.  When that's happened, I've switched to macro focus and reshot to get correct focus.Oh, the lens exhibits a complex distortion.  If you're shooting a horizontal composition and the horizon is near the top of the frame, the horizon will dip down towards the center of the frame while out towards the edge, the horizon stays flat.  If DXO labs can make a module for the Pureview 808 to fix this distortion, that would be wonderful!Also the refresh rate for the LCD preview is slow which means that if you're trying to press the button for the decisive moment, you might not even see it unless you look at the scene outside the camera!So if the Pureview 808 is so frustrating in so many ways for me, one might think, "Why is he trying so hard to make it work?"!  Image quality is the reason!  If you have fond memories of shooting slide film, the images from the 808 will scratch that itch!  There's virtually no chromatic abberation in the images, and I also want to be able to email these "slides" to people right when the images are made!  Also it fits in a pocket, and it "can" have silent operation, and it doesn't look like a camera since there's no extending lens, and it has the ability to surf the internet via wifi or 3g and it can place and receive phone calls!So far the Pureview 808 has the guts of a camera, but not the soul of a camera!Update 10/25/2012:When the CameraPro app is used for working the camera, many photos are corrupted when saved.  To reliably get a photo out of CameraPro, burst mode is utilized where it is set to take 2 photos.  One out of two photos gets lost!  Also, there's a one second delay before the first shot is taken.  Thus if I reliably want to get a photo of something that moves where timing matters, its back to the default (noisy) camera app!!!!!!!Speaking of the default noisy Camera app, sometimes the preview display is blacked out - its like shooting blind!!!!!!!  You would think that the preview display would always show up when the Camera app is started!!!!!!!!!!Today, a SIM card was finally installed.  Email via AOL then became a snap to configure - go figure!  All that was needed were my email address and password.  Since the email still worked when switched to wifi, it just seems like such a boneheaded move that Nokia makes it impossible to set up email without the SIM card installed!!!!!!!!Oh, downloading the "Brightness" app allows the LCD display to stay at a constant brightness at all times.  This is a major help for judging proper exposure!It all just comes across as "Quick!!!  Let's throw this stuff together from R&D; into a phone while we still can!!!  It doesn't matter if it all works in a well thought out way so that one doesn't have to be a gearhead to properly take advantage of it all!!!".  Translation:  My sister who knows nothing about cameras would be much better off with the cheapest Sony compact camera than with the Nokia 808.Update : 10/26/2012:Of course one of the attractions of a camera that comes with wifi and cellphone capability, is the idea of being able to email photos to people.  Photos (at least the uncorrupted ones) taken with CameraPro can't be saved for some reason after downsizing them for email distribution!  Somehow the photos taken with the noisy default Camera app can be saved after editing on the 808 - When will the madness end?!!!!!!Update 11/17/2012:Just got back from a 3 week trip to Florida with the 808.  If you like photographing in bright contrasty lighting, such as on the beach or the art deco buildings being illuminated by bright sunlight in South Beach - forget it!  The metering is so unreliable under these conditions, you'll miss more shots than you'll get.  Using exposure compensation to get the correct exposure is futile, because sometimes it takes a 2 stop compensation to get it right.  By the time you get it right, either the moment has passed you by or the lighting has changed.  What's really frustrating is that sometimes when the exposure is almost right and the exposure compensation is moved by 1/3 of a stop, the camera flips out gives a completely wrong exposure and you have to start over!  This unpredictable behavior makes the 808 a real bear to use in exciting lighting!On one hand, I want to give this thing up and forget about it.  On the other hand, when the planets are aligned the photos can come out absolutely wonderfully!Update 11/24/2012:One of the attractions of the 808 for me was to be able to email photos as I shoot them.  Given that I like to shoot at full resolution, the process has become less graceful.  In order to email photos at low resolution, the photo must be saved as a lower resolution copy before emailing - this is a pain.  On an iPhone, one has a choice of resolutions for the email photo which spares one the effort of having to make a low resolution copy for emailing.During Thanksgiving a few photo opportunities were missed.  Sometimes when the shutter release is pressed (thru the Nokia case), no photo is taken.  Also when the Camera app is loaded, sometimes the preview doesn't show up on the LCD and other times "play" mode for photos doesn't work!

Got this phone for European travel, usually use an iPhone.  My general reaction was that the phone has a somewhat datedoperating system, but that was expected.  The software is a bit temperamental and freezes, but no worse than an android phone.  The camera is very good, as good as a pocket point and shoot.  It is tortuous to download from the phone to a mac, but was able to do so via bluetooth.  If this had a modern OS, it would have been a killer phone.  And I don't consider Windows mobile a modern system. Good back up and travel phone for me.

I've had the 808 for over 30 days now.  All the positive things already said are true so I won't repeat.Regarding some negative comments written about Symbian:I honestly can't find anything wrong with symbian.  I use this smart phone to send and receive calls, messages, emails and take an occaisional photo.  I like the idea of having all my music on board, along with an FM radio and a bluetooth FM transmitter.  I do search the web once in awhile and that is handy.  The 808 does a superior job with all this.When it comes to creating and processing documents, syncing with other operating systems, reviewing and writing and editing reports, indepth researching on the web, I don't do that on a telephone.  I either switch to a tablet or just wait a few hours when I'll be back at my desk with a full size laptop or desktop.  I can do these things much faster with less mistakes on a full size PC with quick access to my entire library of files.The people I hang with use their phone (tablet or notebook) much the same as I do and for the most part, my 808 shines in comparison.  I may be out of touch but I would say a large percentage of those with mobile phones use them much like I do.  So let's just say perhaps I might represent the average user.  That being the case, not only is Symbian an excellent O.S., the features actually exceed the needs of the average user.

This is a nice phone but has some serious issues nokia is not willing to fix:- Mobile data issue: there is a known bug with this phone and HSDPA which causes reboots since the day it was launched. It is very serious since you wont notice the phone has hung, and you wont receive calls or email in that time.- Battery life:  the above problem is causing the battery to last less than a full day when symbian phones normally last at least for day and a half- When in 8mp creative mode the camera will sometimes takes only black pictures. This is easily solved by going to pureview mode but it is highly annoyingThis is a shame since the camera is very good and the look and feel of the hardware is very nice. Will have to exchange

I was very happy with my N8 and was deliberating whether I really need a new one (although 41 megapixels sounded very nice).Then battery in N8 starting to die a slow and agonizing death and you can't change it there (luckily in 808 the battery is changeable), so I needed a new phone.I'm really happy I went with 808. As great as picture quality was on N8 (for a phone of course), 808 kills it. And video is also way better. I've shot a few concert videos - sound is very very clear, no overloading AT ALL. A video camera quality of both sound and video.Transferring all of my files via bluetooth from N8 to 808 was very easy.Sound is definitely better too, not just picture/video quality.Other stuff is just like N8 (I've updated N8 to latest Symbian version, so there isn't really any difference in OS).I'm also glad I bought it when I did - I've paid $500 and now it goes for around $550.

Having done some DSP work, I found the the concept behind the camera very interesting.  It does take some great shots for a camera phone.  This makes it a decent substitute for a real camera when you don't have room to carry one.  The video recording was also a pleasant surprise.  The images recorded during a live music performance were better than I have seen from any ther smart phone, and the audio was not clipping even though I was standing very close to the speakersThe build quality is outstanding and I like some of the details like the rubber strip arond the screen, which seems to protect the glass from and prevent the phone from sliding from surfacesAs a communication device and so-called smartphone, it has been the cause of much frustration.  Although the call quality is outstanding, the phone frequently drops from the network or reboots while in use.  A recent patch seems to have helped bring down the severity of the issue.  However, rebooting while using the Drive navigation or unknowingly being disconnected from the network for several hours are still frequent issues.On a recent trip from Los Angeles to Las Vegas the phone rebooted 4 times just while getting out of Los Angeles County

its really a pure view when it comes to the camera, so far it is the best camera phone I've ever seen.best HD video quality ,this is just what I needed,

I had a Nokia C7 Astound and was used to it.  So the switch to 808 was pretty much seamless, I'm not into all the Apps like Android or I-phone users. I would rather just have a phone with a built in GPS with the latest maps (No Data) and an Amazing Camera!I took a few bracket shots and used HDR Pro in CS5 and some have asked what DSLR I was using... It is really that good for close shots. [...]The Nokia 808 is great!  The battery lasts me 2-3 days without charge, but I don't talk much, maybe 15-30 minutes per day.Too bad Nokia had to sell out to Microsoft.I would recommend this phone.

It took me like six months to decide wether buying this phone or an iPod touch. Why these two items and what they have in common you may ask? Well, the answer is because I use VoIP phones like a Skype number. Since 2008 I quit paying mobile companies for services I can get online technically for free. Internet connection with caps? No way. I go WIFI. Unlimited calls for 39$ when I can pay 2.99$ to Skype and have the same service? No way. Skype, I'm yours. However, from time to time I need a mobile to connect myself when I'm abroad and on the go. That's why I had a sweet Motorola flip phone in case I need to do an emergency call outside the WIFI coverage areas. I used to have an iPhone, and before that a Blackberry. I got frustrated with the lack of apps for BB so I went iPhone. Bad mistake. I have a Macbook. Love my iPod 80gb and all mac peripherals are great. But the iPhone is just a scam. Paying 2000$ for an iPod Touch with extra connectivity is utter nonsense. Same with any other mobile. I went completely out of the telecom networks after I finished my two year contract and couldn't unlock my iPhone. Sold that crap. It was enough for me. You think paying 90$ per month for connectivity is a great deal, but why to pay for something that you already have 8 hours inside your office (phone/internet connection)? 1/3 of your consumption time is wasted. There goes 30$. Just burned. That's 720$ during your contract time. Then consider your sleeping time. Let's say 6 hours daily that your phone is idle unless someone is having an emergency or you're having a bf/gf with some issues that can't wait till morning. So considering that, we're talking 25% more connectivity wasted. That's like 500$ more in those two years of contract. 500$ more just burned. And then you have like 10 more hours that you can technically use the mobile services. That's your spare time. Your commuting time. Your lunch time. So, technically you're paying 780.00 in two years for the option of having something to do with your hands on your free time. I think there're better ways to use that time rather than using the mobile. All that money burned can pay your debts or can give you an excellent set of vacations that are going to last more in your memories than the cool smartphone in your pocket.Don't get me wrong. I'm not a grandpa patronizing or trying to give a lecture about the separation of Technology and Men. I'm 32 years old. I grew up with all the technology and its hype. My first job was in a tech startup. I just got burned out with all this tech madness and decided to unplug. However you can't unplug completely even if you want to.That's why I decided to go for the Nokia 808. I wanted something that can keep me online if I need to, to have the freedom to use the device in any country I may roam around the globe, the best native apps for your daily needs (Nokia Maps - offline!!! That is just unbeatable, Nokia Public Transport, Nokia Drive, City Lens, Nokia Music - unlimited downloads!!! C'mon! that's more than the value of the phone if you'd use iTunes or Google Play), an effective email client almost as good as the Blackberry Mail, Nokia Messages (just like BB), and then the vast majority of the useful apps are available - mostly for productivity. That makes this device a no brainer.And beyond all of the things mentioned before lies the 41mp PureView camera that is just insane. It's a pleasure to use that camera. It goes beyond whatever you could have used before (except for a DSLR but c'mon! you can never be serious comparing both - although I saw one blog post where the analysis pointed out similar results between the 808 and the Canon 60D, so there you go). What Nokia has just achieved with the 808 is just pure magic.And I have enough balls to paraphrase Steve Jobs when he introduced the iPhone saying that:The 808 PureView is an Unlocked Phone, a Media Player, a DSLR camera, a GPS, and a Productivity Tool all in one device.What you won't get is all those hip apps that appear everyday. Same happens most of the time with Android and WP8. How to solve this problem? Motivating the Symbian Dev Community to develop alternatives to connect to those apps. There must be easily at least 100 million Symbian devices being used everyday all around the globe. That is a market big enough to deal with the developers to create alternatives in a Kickstarteresque scheme. We ask them to do the app alternative, they develop it, we pay. Plain and simple. Profitable for everyone. It's all about community building.What about games? There's a version of almost every single popular game for Symbian too. And furthermore, there're emulators for every single game platform to get sick gaming.Conclusion:If you want the best unlocked phone that can give you the best experience (photo + music + localization tools) technically for free, this phone must be your choice.If you want a hip phone with access to the latest hipster apps, go iPhone or Android if you're more geeky.The 808 is not for everyone, but it's definitely for anyone who wants freedom, flexibility and the best tools included for the price.This phone worths every single penny of its price.

I've had this phone a couple days now and I really love it. I've been using the iPhone 4 for the last nine months after abandoning Nokia's last attempts, the E7 and E6. Now Nokia returns with double the processor and double the Ram, and a camera that bests every other phone out there. I went in with low expectations and have been very pleasantly surprised. So here are all the features as they value to me:The Screen: I was weary about this because the iPhone has an extremely high pixel density, so I had concerns that the low resolution of this phone would make my eyes sore. Well, first of all the AMOLED screen is brilliant. The brightest I've ever seen and the colors really pop. Visibility in direct sunlight is completely unhindered. When navigating the homescreens I don't notice the low pixel count at all. Only when opening web pages is it noticeable, but only when viewing pages in full screen. Double tap the part youy want to read and it's fine. So that was my first concern laid to rest.The build: Not as chunky or ugly as media reports led me to believe. I actually really like the design and while the phone is indeed heavy, it's not at all too big. I have the white and black model, and got a compliment that it looks like "sci-fi".Email: I was concerned that email would be shoddy. Happy to report that push email is working fine and on the large 4 inch screen messages are easy to read and displayed correctly in HTMKL.Web Browser: Another concern was the stock browser. It's still slow. I've had problems in the past with Opera but those problems seem to have been fixed. Opera Mobile (not mini) renders pages correctly and fast. Again, the big screen is helpful here.Youtube: I do my fair share of Youtube watching but remembered how poor the stock app was on my E7. Was surprised to find out that Gravity plays Youtube videos, not only in a better UI but the videos actually play in very high quality (not sure if HD but it sure looks close).Widgets: Love allt he widgets, which I've had almost zero problems with. Email, Facebook, Twitter, news, location services - all have worked without crashing and update regularly. I remember widgets on the E7 constantly  crashing and not updating. Glad to say that's no longer an issue.Audio/Music: I'm surprised I don't hear more people talk about the amazing quality of audio on Nokia devices. It far surpasses my iPhone, not only wired, but especially via bluetooth headphones. Now the 808 comes with Dolby Surround and it's even better. The music widget is very useful as well, and I was, again, surprised to see that this phone came with Nokia music installed. WHile currently the US isn't supported it only took a second to tell the app that I'm in the UK and get access to music on the go. Being an iTunes devotee I can comfortably move on knowing I can download music when I want.The camera: This is an awesome camera, and I don't have to tell you that. What I really like about it are the Xenon flash which is great for night time photos, the lossless zoom, and Rich recording. Combine those three things with the high quality camera and you've got pictures and video that no other phone can duplicate.Maps: This is just the icing on the cake. So great to have voice guided navigation. Points of interest are lacking however.The keyboard: My one strike against this phone. This is pretty bad, but luckily a new keyboard is coming in the next update.This is an awesome device. Hopefully the price drops soon enough for more people to get onboard. It really does everything it should so there's nothing I can think of that I miss from Android/iOS (well maybe video calling)... It's worth knowing that I am typically hard on Nokia. One thing I've never done is defended their poor decisions of the past. The reason I like this phone so much is they've finally listened to a lot of complaints of the past and acted on them. My main appreciation for this device is that for the first time in a long time Nokia delivers on their promises and made a phone that works in all aspects(even if some of it is due to third parties like Gravity and Opera).

Pro:  Best camera-phone out there easily.Good build quality similar to HTC one X.Nice accurate RGB OLED screenHave Camera button which most phone don't had.Good calling and speaker volume.Ovi Map, great offline maps.Can zoom 3 times in the photo galley which android and iphone can't.Pretty good battery life have nice clock for screen saver.Has removable battery and accept micro sdhc.Can play most video up to 1080pCan produce very nice video it has stabilizer.Cons: Low resolution, only 360 x 640 pixels or 188 ppi. First (2 years old)Samsung Galaxy have higher resolution.Brightness is quite weak. No sensor detect lightNo digital zoom is use the high pixel to crop zoom if you shoot with lower mp mode.Mislead no 41 MB mode, max is 38 MB.Front camera only can use for chat program not in camera mode.Pretty heavy (weight almost as much as Samsung Note)Video light is weak compare to Samsung Note.No Panorama mode in camera.Web browsing experience is poor (low resolution and single core) take long time to load page.Very tiny apps selection compare to Android and IOS. Very little free good apps like Microsoft.The weather widget only display CelsiusVery pricey phone, cost as much as top of the in android or iPhone.Bottom line this phone is like 2 years or more in term of camera, but the software is also 2 years or more outdated compare to today phone. If this phone was release 2 years ago it will definite be a game changer, but they release this phone way too late with outdated OS and hardware. Is shame such beast camera sensor should reserved better software.  Hopefully this phone will comes to window and offer more function.  I only recommend this phone to you if you do not surf the web regularly or ply games, if you just type of person need to have the best camera and make  calls, this is for you. If you need anything else, is not for you.

I bought it for my daughters camera replacement.  She would not let me play with it, so I purchased one for myself. Prior Android user.  I felt that with each app having access to 'everybody in my contact list, all the calls I make, who I call, where I have been...'  was more than I could take.Pros - Long lasting battery (3days with moderate use) when background programs turned off between charges .- Corded phone call quality.- Nokia turn by turn GPS maps for 80 countries, maps for almost 200 countries included (like most new Nokia phones)- Outstanding camera.- 64 GB micro Sim works well.- FM radio receiver and transmitter.- Skype use on 3G, 4G and WI-Fi- Excellent HDMI.  Can link with a Bluetooth keyboard to use like a laptop on a big screen.- Data modem allows connection of laptop to phone data connection.Cons - My medical apps will not run on Symbian.  I can still access web sites for my information, and I consider the privacy issues above to be paramount.- Flash player works well.- Symbian taken over by Accenture to service until 2016.  No future plans for Symbian otherwise.- Nokia maps do not give the best route on this phone, does on other Nokia phones.- Google Maps poor on offered download.  Excellent when you use 1.55MB download - search for GoogleMaps.sisx- Internet pages take about twice as long to load as the Android on the same data link.Bottom Line - My design engineer son is phone shopping, and with similar feelings, will be purchasing a Nokia N8 (808 predecessor).  I would purchase this product again.4 months of use update -Still working great - The right phone for me. Worth the price for the world GPS maps alone OR the camera alone.  No problems with either of the 808 phones or the N8 phone.  The N8 has the Belle upgrade.-App Stop free download application shuts down background applications, now need to charge the battery about every 5 days.-With Opera Mobile browser it takes you to whatever website, eliminates the need for most apps.-No CarrierIQ spyware.

I replaced my N8 with this phone.  So far it's very nice; it's definitely bigger and heavier than the N8 but having the latest software (Symbian Belle FP2) makes a difference; there's more space on the C drive, more RAM, and a faster processor, and the whole thing just works a bit better than the N8 did.  Of course the camera is amazing; I won't comment on that.  The software for the camera could use minor improvements but only minor; between the built-in software and CameraPro you can do basically anything you want.The 808 has a more rounded case than the N8 did, which feels nice in your hand but if you have the phone sitting on the desk, it's hard to use because it wobbles left to right as you use the touch screen.  This is the sort of design detail that I've come to expect Nokia to get right, so I'm surprised.The phone does require a micro SIM card; I was able to cut my AT&T; SIM card with scissors using some hints from the internet (which was nerve wracking) and it seems to be working fine.There are still a few glitches with Symbian that need to be worked out, but overall it's reasonably stable and usable.  Several of the applications I loved on the N8 do not appear to be available, which is annoying.  The weather widget with the version of Maps only shows temperatures in C, though one hopes that will get fixed.  I'm still trying to install Nokia Bubbles on the phone.The battery is easily removable now, which seems nice at first glance but I had grown to like the N8's hard reset functionality (which does not exist on the 808) so I'm guessing that soon enough I'll be back in the N97 world of prying off the back cover until it rattles (and the NFC antenna stops working).  We'll see.There are some annoying bits of cheapness in the package, too.  The charger is nice and small but the USB cord it uses is a bit shorter than is useful.  There is no HDMI or USB-OTG cable shipped with the phone; I'm using the USB-OTG cable from my N8 but it's a new HDMI port (micro-HDMI instead of mini-HDMI) so I had to buy a cable for that.  They also removed the 2.1mm charging port, so it's just charging by USB now.UPDATE:After using the phone for about a month, I've removed a couple of stars from the rating.  The phone has a lot of potential but I think it's only a phone for die-hard Nokia/Symbian fans.  There are a couple of killer bugs - the Swype beta app (which most Symbian^3 users have been using since it came out, because the stock keyboard is awful) has some significant bugs in Belle FP2 (and has recently expired, so functionality is reduced); also there is a very common problem somehow related to mobile data that causes the phone to spontaneously reboot frequently (up to several times per day) and/or drop all voice and data connections without warning, so you miss calls and text messages.  I think most people knew that Nokia's support for this last Symbian phone would be lackluster, but it's actually been basically nonexistent, so we all dumped several hundred dollars on the phone and its useful life will probably be less than a year.  Nokia may yet redeem itself but so far they're not doing very well.

With the exception of the recently introduced Nokia 1020, this is the best camera phone out there, still edging over recently manufactured such as my Xperia Z1. Glad to say I own this device, which even though its a bit outdated, still does the job.

Needed to return this one since ordered from the warehouse the used one "Like new" but it came without/broken US Warranty, missing parts, and re-flashed by somebody to a custom firmware... It is SO difficult to find with US warranty one and new.. contact suppliers to provide the IMEI-s and product codes - my advice.Giving 5 stars for the excellent device and no mater which color is it(after I found the new one with US Warranty) :)I had to contact the NGP US store team before I ordered and finally got with US Warranty one!This was a long investigate between Lumia1020 and my lovely 808PV. I am previously N8 user.1. Lumia1020 available in USA under AT&T; locked only, for unlocked, it is too pricy and will not work with T-Mobile's 3.5G (we do not have T-M's LTE here yet :( plus I travel out of USA;2. I tested L1020 and was not happy with WP8 - it misses basic futures that Symbian phone has - such as:FM transmitter, working alarm when the phone is off, live call recording,GPS navigation is still better in Symbian (warnings, speed cameras, etc) - I can use GPS navigation and transmit my music in my car at the same time,SD memory card,HDMI out,USB on the go,MailExchange can search a contact that I do not sync to my phone from the global ExchangeSrv - it is good native mail client (MS Office, MS Link client included),aaa! battery life is good - 48+ hours with two email accounts (one is my huge MSExchange) sync for 7/24, battery-eater-WhatsApp , Twitter, 3G/WiFi high-speed data "on", (though when use GPS for 2+ hours, I put into charger),tethering: I could not get tethering in L1020 and absolutely do not understand why Nokia blocks it in USA while operators have already free tethering included in the data plans (I am with T-Mobile, probably it is ATT's crap not Nokia's who knows). I use JoikuSpot in my 808PV (after replacing its file in the proper directory),Yeah, Symbian is much more customizable! I wish WP8 in the future has an option (like in Android) for a technical user switch in the settings, but MS will not do it.. probably my next one Ubuntu phone though I am MS .Net developer, but right now, it is not a fun to develop for WP8 :};3. The native File manager and 3-rd p FXplore are awesome (No native File Manager in lumia phones at this time);4. Camera Tests: my tests + GsmArena.com camera tests - 808 PV wins! (though L1020 will receive a "black update" especially for the camera soon then will try to test again..), NO "Creative" camera settings in Lumia - I even did not find how to remember the last used - the camera-pro resets all to default when reopening!5. Personally, I can stay with Symbian till it die completely. After my US warranty expired, going to re-flash with the custom firmware (did not decide which one is better right now) that can take Symbian's life a little longer... then will decide to switch ;)I did KNOW what I ordered. I am not an i-net surfer or a gamer with super smart phone even. I have bad vision and need a bigger screen - have iPad and my Laptop for such purposes. I know Nokia already declared to stop any new apps or updates for existing apps in their ovi store for Symbian from the beginning of 2014, though promised to support till 2016! How can I trust to WP8 support after all?! MS+Nokia  may decide to go with a new line/level OS again and what else?! Therefore, I would not recommend this phone for a "no technical - end user " - then L1020 is probably a choice for 2+(?) years of use :) Or even better advise - Latest Android phone + attachable 20 MP with BSI 1:1 sensor camera :D $$$$+.. pricy but good..But I would recommend 808PV to any one who is "technical" and "tech-cam user".Sharing my camera experience: I created my C1 creative cam setting as "aka Lumia 1020 "vivid-oversaturated-over-sharpened 8MP PureView with superfine jpg!", my other C2 is aka dark-vision camera  "flash=off; ND-filter=off; ISO=1600(max in 808); superfine jpg; hyperfocal focus", C3 is for full resolution play!
