
I have this phone now for 4 month and it does everything all the positive reviews are saying. But my phone becomes very hot, mainly on phonecalls which are longer as a minute. It was not so in the beginning but as longer i have the phone the problem seams to increase, now it becomes extremely hot it hurtes your ear. Sorry its nice equipment, but the most important point on a phone is you can make calls without frying your ears.l

Hold down the home button for a while and you`ll see open apps that stored in ram. Slide them out to left or right to stop the app and free the ram. This should make the phone responsive other than that, quad core cpu is helpless without sufficient enough ram. If they could only make it 1.5 GB ram then it would kick our butt.

It's very cheap phone and after 2 months I start facing problems with battery life I have to charge it every 2-3 hrs, phone start to freeze and touch screen shutdown automatically can't activated unless remove the battery and put it back again, and became very slow after 3 months, front camera very bad, the phone become very hot if use camera or games for even 2 min.So I don&#8217;t like it and I broke it because it&#8217;s just like piece of junk I am very disappointed by LG products.

excellent product I recommend, comes unlocked and served in my country, the picture is very good too. It surpassed my expectations!

excelente pieza, calidad y precio, 100% recomendado para todos! los detalles y la innovaci&oacute;n,LG Optimus P880 4X HD 16 GB desbloqueado de f&aacute;brica Blanco International, es un gran producto! buena adquisici&oacute;n!

I've had this phone now for 3 weeks but it has done everything I had hoped it would do. Before I purchased it, I read all the negative reviews I could find as those tell the story of what's wrong with a phone, esp when you get consistent problems. Everything I read negative, and there were few, were various problems. The most frequent was not being able to hook up to a specific GSM network.  I'm no wizard, but thru some sources, I found that I could get this phone to work well with any GSM network I was using by having the proper APN settings and you need to have almost all of them for the phone to do all its potentials. Without these, things like messaging, attaching files, etc just doesn't work. Basic settings for calls are pretty much default with your SIM card.I'm pleased with the 8 Meg camera. The flash is a little inconsistent in that if it's on 'auto', it doesn't necessarily go off when you need it. I just set it to 'on' if I think I need it.  There may be some settings that determine when the flash will go off that I haven't discovered yet.  The 'panorama' setting is cool but you need to know how to control your speed of movement for a good shot....I'm not good yet.One flaw... no user's guide.  Had to find one on the internet and that worked out ok. Took awhile to find it and it is for the Optimus 880P.The battery is a bit of a letdown, but you can control a lot of the functions to extend the life. If I sleep the screen, turn off the WiFi, all running programs and the 3G, with the phone charged at 100% at night, it will drop overnight to maybe 97%. Heavy use during the day requires a daily recharge. I'm not a heavy user and most of my experience has been learning to use the different features which use up the battery. On days I do normal stuff, my battery shows 75%+ battery left at the end of the day. One thing that really helps the battery life is to reduce the brightness of the screen, whenever possible and easy to do.One of my favorites of this phone is the screen is just large enough to make this phone a decent eReader. I have downloaded a very cool eReader program for epub format books called Aldiko and it is a great reader program. Once you 'authorize' your phone, you can put most any epub in the library.  I use lots of library books, so I need to read them before they vaporize.Since I'm only 3 weeks into this phone, I haven't experienced a couple of the complaints that the phone just stops working. Comes with a 1 year warranty which I hope I'll never need. The screen protectors I purchased were worthless to me, probably because I couldn't install them correctly, but the screen is 'Gorilla Glass' and pretty durable. I do recommend a basic phone body protector. The screen shows lots of fingerprints and smudge marks, but I use a microfiber towel to clean it regularly. A bit of a pain but it does the job.Hope this helps. Great screen, fast processor, 16 gig internal memory plus micro card if needed lots of features. I suppose in 2 years it'll be obsolete but not for me. I also recommend backing up the phone from time to time in case you need to do a 'hard reset'.Good luck and hunting. PS. I bought mine online from a dealer I could actually talk to on the phone. Amazon recommended dealer.

Although the item may heat up causing lag at times nevertheless the phone is able to function like most other modern phone. The price is rather reasonable thus making this a recommended item

This phone is not an at&t; phone. If you have at&t; do not buy this phone. It will only run with at&t; on a w2g network and not on the 4g that it is advertising for. For warning people now so no one makes the same mistake that i did. The imei number pulls up that it is an unknown manufacture. It is a nice phone overall but not for use with at

Here is a fast review of LG's flagship (LG optimus 4x hd)Processor:Lg has made an outstanding job with the processor of this phone Nvidia Tegra 3 can not be better. This Quad core chip definitely make this phone blazing fast. Nvidia Tegra has optimized some games with awesome graphics to this phone example :Dead Trigger. After trying the Htc one X and Samsung's galaxy s3 this phone beats them all in speed.Camera:Well even the best phones have cons. This phone is featuring an 8 mp rear camera and it definetely makes a good job but not as good as other top class phones do. it just takes acceptable and nice pictures. Front camera is an 1.3 mp one which is fair decent for making ocassional video calls.Speaker:The speaker is just fair it is not the loudest even though this also depends of the quality of the media.OS:This phone is operating with android ICS 4.0. Come on LG we need an update like all the other top branded phones do have, yes i mean 4.1 jelly bean.Browser:when it comes to browser this phone definetely made it. This phone is blazing fast even whith heavy pages.Battery life:Lg's optimus 4x hd is featuring an 2150 MaH battery wich is great but this is an issue that most of the new cell phones are facing. It last about 5-6 hours browsing the web. or 3-4 hours of gaming.Display:LG's IPS screen definetely is sexy as hell it is the most detailed and crispest image i have ever seen on a smartphone.Call quality:quite similar to samsung's galaxy s3.Conclusion: 9/10

installed T mobile prepaid sim & we were off to the races. Very responsive screen, simple user inner face and not a lot of bloat.It seems faster than  my S3 and the screen is as nice

The cellphone is amazing. It didn't brought spanish language, but i understand english, so no problem about that.Everything ok.

It is an excellent cellphone. I bought it for my cousin. And He loves it. Good cellphone. Perfect Condition. thanks

Excellent phone, super fast, best material that the Samsung Galaxy S3. for me is over and the best is that it costs $ 200 less than the s3.Pros:+ Very fast+ Spectacularly bright and intuitive screen+ Good finish+ Excellent material+ Unlocked for any carrier (I am using it in Venezuela with Movistar in 3G and 4G)+ NFCCons:- Heat a little when you give a lot of use (guess it's normal quadcore processor)- The speaker does not have low- The battery life is not very good but can be fixed with updates or buying additional batteries higher amperageI can not give 5 stars because apart from the cons in the item description specified that the phone came in the German language and to be in that language I imagine the phone came from Europe and may be available but the Spanish language I received the phone was in Chinese and is available only Chinese and English.

This is a amazing smartphone. For me, it is the same as an iphone 4S. I just love it, perfect!

When I read reviews about this phone before the purchase, I've had such hopes that it would satisfy my need for an Android smartphone, and it DOES! Love this phone very much :)

I like the hardware but the software interface is behind the competition.  LG customization of Android is poor compared to even Samsung Galaxy 2

This phone is the worst phone I ever had. The reasons:- Incredibly slow, laggs and often times does not react at all to power button or touch commands- I cant take calls, whenever I am being called and I swipe to pick up it declines- When I place acall the screen turns black and does not turn on again- The phone gets very hot and wastes lots of energy. With minimal use the battery is drained within 4 hoursThis is just a small part of what`s wrong with this phone. Additionally I had to send it in for repair because in did not register whenever the headphones were unplugged.

Pros: Nice phone, light, slim, good price.Cons: Screen feels very delicate compared to other phones I have had. Audio is not good at all.- No Spanish language (Reviews stated that Spanish came as a language on phone) This is important for me as I live in Chile and will need to sell phone here in future.)- For some reason no 3G, only R, not sure what that is but it is slow!Other thoughts to consider:- Came with non USA power supply with a USA adapter that did not fit, can't use power supply to charge phone because of this and will need to buy one that fits for USA.- The box was not sealed and above problem, consider other vender, not ShopBest.- Unable to upgrade firmware or operating system , says one is available. =(Update 6/24/03I was able to update to Android 4.1.2 but still no Spanish language.

Great phone. Better n nice design that wat appeared at video. Thin n fantastic hands on. Good in pricing. Suitable for worldwide gsm network. Received earlier than expected. Full set in new box. Extra adapter. Really great phone great experience. Battery longer than expected. Hoping for jelly bean update soon. Pls

Don't buy this junk and particularly don't buy from Wireless Everything.My phone worked for 4 month and the earpiece no longer works, no sound from it and I had to turn on the speaker or use earphone.  This is the international version that has no warranty in US and LG US declares that they don't have coverage for it. The seller should have stated this and warned the buyers. I was misled to believe it has warranty (in US). Someone had similar experience and mentioned that they had to send the phone to Singapore and have not got it back after several month.

A great phone for the price, the Jelly Bean OS works perfect, and several games also works pretty smoth, like GTA Vice City, Asphalt Heat, The Conduit, Real Boxing.

Works great (it has quardcore processor), looks wonderfull (I have white), the HD screen is super! You can watch HD-movie! Love my phone!

This is a great phone. I find it quick and powerful. Only drawback is flash not supported. It has alot of fun and useful features as well. Overall I would recommend it to others.

This phone is everything you expect out of a smartphone!!Has crystal clear video recorder and HD camera!Very fast never crashes like most androids!!ALSO YOU CAN DO PRACTICALLY ANYTHING ON IT!

Bluetooth does not work properly. It connects to another bluetooth equipment (ie. car, headphones) but it disconnects by its own without any reason.

I ORDER THIS PHONE IN WHITE AND WHEN I ARRIVED AND I OPEN THE BOX IS THAT THE PHONE IS BLACK COLOR ME CARRY A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT BECAUSE WHAT I WANTED IN WHITE. WELL BEFORE BUY YOU THINK THIS PERSON CHEATING YOUR CUSTOMERS.

A very powerful phone, no custom rom support or upgrade to jelly bean but other than that, a very solid phone

The product was good but I did not send the color I bought. I bought a white one and a black one I got

It's a good phone , excellent article , shame you did not come in Spanish and I can not change.

I did extensive research and found the optimus 4x to have the features I wanted.  So it met all my expectations.  A few of the reviews said the sound on the speaker phone was too soft.  I did not have this problem with mines.  The speaker phone sound was loud and clear.

I've played around with Samsung's SIII and HTC's One X but none of them compare to how sexy and well built as the LG Optimus 4X HD.When you hold the LG Optimus, you know that you're holding something unique. The back cover has some texture to it and doesn't feel flimsy when you take it off. Its widths, or the side of the phone, has these two silver perpendicular lines which makes your fingers sink into the middle. Think of it as a trench that stretches from top to bottom. The quality of the plastic and physical build is strong and secure. Overall, the phone doesn't feel cheap.Button wise, this phone has only three used for power and volume. The power button can be found on the top right of the phone. Shaped like the phone, the rectangle power button sticks out enough so you can locate it by feel alone and has a nice spring to it when pressed. The volume rocker, however, doesn't share the same qualities as the power button. Located on the left side of the phone, the volume rocker doesn't stick out enough, due to the silver perpendicular lines, and isn't springing. Not a problem for me but others may not like it.The battery life isn't the greatest but you shouldn't expect much from a quad-core smartphone. Depending on how I use the phone, the battery will last me 3 hours if I'm gaming (Final Fantasy 3) and 6 hours on typical use (web browsing, 30-60 minutes gaming, email, and music). I'm planning to test how long the battery will last when its only playing music soon...Update 9/19/12After manually, yes manually, updating the software from v10c to v10f and installing a fix for the nvidia CPU, battery life is much better than first reviewed. First, the software update reduced the amount of heat generated by the CPU to more reasonable levels. Instead of being hot after hours of playing, the phone becomes mildly warm. As for the nvidia fix, apparently it makes the CPU work the way it was intended to. What I mean is by that is the CPU actually has five cores, not four. The fifth core is only active under minimal phone activity. An example of this is listening to music with the screen turned off. I've listened to Pandora radio on wifi for nine hours straight and my battery is only at 60%.As for storage, this phone comes with 16GB internal storage and a SD card slot up to 64GB. Unfortunately, the LG Optimus does not come with a SD card so look to invest another $5 to $30 if you need additional space.Update 9/18/12I just noticed the low speaker volume and heat issue when gaming for long periods. The speaker volume doesn't matter too much but the heat issue gets me worried. The processor is located where the LG logo is on the back cover. After about 2 hours of gaming it gets warm. Not unbearable but it does make me worry about the longevity of the hardware.Pros:Unbelievable battery life (Update 9/19/12)Looks sexyUnique feelDoesn't feel cheapCons:No SD cardVolume rocker isn't greatestSpeakers aren't the loudest (Update 9/18/12)Does get hot after 2 straight hours of gaming, only on software version v10c (Update 9/19/12)

This phone is as good, if not better, than the Samsung Galaxy S3. I love this phone and don't regret my purchase at all. Very powerful phone and beautiful display.

battery life's poor compared to another phone, will last 1-2 days if u browse few times, don't read PDFs, don't make several calls. Otherwise everything's fine and fast.

This phone may be a little more expensive - but I actually prefer it to the Nexus 4 because it has dedicated capacitive keys. This means that the whole screen is used. Some where there is a youtube video that shows this effect - you can google it.  The screen is at least as good as the nexus 4's.Some people don't like the LG overlay on android 4.0, but I think the lock screen is pretty cool, and the rest is so customisable you can make it look like you want.Sure there are a few things in jelly bean that this phone does not have, but it does everything else fantastically.I get 2 days easy out of the battery if I just use the phone as a phone with occasional emailing and web surfing. But can run the battery down pretty quick if I want.Just make sure that you update the software. You may need to do it several times, 'cos it increments one update at a time. My phone came with v10d out of the box, but latest version is v10h. Updating is simple as running the software app that is included.

excellent cellphone. it have very aplications and funtions to work, to play, to everythings.  i like so much this phone.

I've used this phone for more than 6 rough months and it is still all I want/need from a cell phone. Now that the bootloader was unlocked, it is even better because of custom Roms.I did have to replace a battery but since it is user removable there is no issue.

I bought this product thinking that probably it's not the best phone, but it is..!! It's amazing.. light, fast, very thin, great HD and run all games available. Arrived very quickly and I'm in Venezuela. 100% Recommended.

I arrived exactly as described, the product in perfect condition 100% recommended. A little slow on shipping costs to be paid hurried, but this was well selling is the most important concrete.

Until now the only flaw i see is that the GPS that some time to come up when using WAZE navigation problem

The phone is great! Light, huge screen, fast, updatable to Android last version.The only negative point is the battery! It doesn't hold long if you use many apps, internet...But its a great phone!

Having owned the HTC One X and Samsung Galaxy S3...I can honetsly say that this phone beats them all. Not just in styling and build quality, but most of all in performance. The Tegra 3 Quadcore processor really outshines the competition. Job well done LG. Hands down, the best smartphone out yet.

This phone exceeded my expectations. I wanted originally the Nexus 4 but because of the insane demand waiting two to 3 months for it did not work for me. Maybe in the future when Nexus 5 comes out so in the meanwhile I ordered this also because my Sony Xperia was long in tooth and not cutting it no more.First impressions.Wow gorgeous minimalist design. I can see why this was originally launched in the German market. The screen was vibrant but not overly saturated like the S3 Galaxy (awesome phone) I gripped it with confidence, no flexing or creaking. Images and text very crisp. Screen response was snappy and instantaneous. Apps burst open with no lag. Call quality was good from both ends. A good first impression.Detected a lil heat bloom which I suppose is to be expected with 4 cores. I'll keep an eye on that. Detected my sim card and network (tmobile) promptly. was able to dial right away despite it being an international phone. Prob stuck with edge speeds data wise until tmobile builds out that 1900mhrtz 4g network. But Wifi everywhere helps immensely! Loving this thing so far.

OK

I've been using it for more than a year now. From the beginning I liked it a lot. I still do, but there are some things that fail from it. For example, it sometimes disconnects when you transfer files to your PC. Also, after a couple of months, the call screen that disappears when you put the phone close your ear and appears when you put it away stopped working.

I tested head to head with tmobile samsung galaxy model, 3g vs 3g and also 3d games .... It's rock ... and work best for AT&T; U.S.ACons: battery life getting shorter than Samsung Glaxy s3.This test also using stoc firware Jelly beans 4.1.2 for both phone ..........

Very beautiful and fast, and not so expensive. Conversation volume could be better.It works like others brand top but you expend less money.

I've played with almost all other top smart phones like Galaxy S3 and iPhone 4S but none of them comes close to the Optimus 4X HD ... Blazing Fast, Amazing screen and very beautiful design ...

Excelente producto, envi&oacute; r&aacute;pido y muy seguro muy conforme con esta compra. 5/5.Gran calidad, dise&ntilde;o y el mismo es una maravilla.

I am very happy with this smartphone.  In this device I have installed all the programs that we need to use, is very fast.

This is the best option you can find when choosing a cell phone, LG is a great brand that has never left me bad (I have TV, bluray, refrigerator, washer and dryer. All LG brand.) Is after-sales service best (parts, care, warranty, etc.. addition are very durable and stylish products.). This phone has a great screen True HD-IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors, size 720 x 1280 pixels, 4.7 inches (~ 312 ppi pixel density equal to or better than an iPhone). A good amount of memory 16 GB (12 GB user available), 1 GB RAM. An excellent processor Nvidia Tegra 3 CPU Chipset Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A9 ULP GeForce GPU. Works on 3G band 850/900/1900/2100 Mhz. What more could you want in a device at this price?Simply the best choice!

Im in love with this mobile, is fast, has good camera, totally recommended if you are looking something like samsung s3 but cheaper.

this phone works very well with the lines of my country, we two of the three lines install one by one obviously worked well and works quite fast in multimedia and in short the phone is quality

Exelente telephone, It possesses with all the espectativas and the attention of the seller is exelente also, the seller is attentive and answers the questions of rapid and nice form...  I recommend to them to buy with HassleFreeCell. The buy was  responsible, rapid and sure.

This is a really great smartphone for the price, it is comparable to the Galaxy S3. The screen is stunning and apps run smoothly on this phone. The camera quality is okay.The phone looks sexy and sleek. It works well with my carrier, T-Mobile.I will say that when I upgraded the software to 4.1 Jellybean, the RAM diminished to 150-250MB free after whenever I cleared the RAM. This made the camera choppy and not fluid, as well as bogged down the phone's running capability. I downgraded back to 4.0 ICS and now get 350-450MB, and have no problems with the fluidity of the phone. I don't notice a huge difference in the downgrade and I'd rather have a faster running phone.Overall, I am very pleased with this phone and I hope it stays that way!

very elegant fast cellphone unlocked works great in venezuela h+ movistar need to configurit it the apn . to make data plan works comes in english you can make an actualization and will get spanish or other languages you need . the home button is very anoyiing when you are tipying  fast it could be a deal breaker for someone not my case .funciona perfecto en venezuela hay q configurar los apn manualmente para q funcione los planes de datos levanta movistar h+ el boto de inicio es un poco fastidioso cuando escribes rapido por q  muchas veces se va al inicio cuando apenas lo rosas al tratar de usar el espaciador de teclado podria ser motivo de venta para algunos luego de adquirlo no es mi caso apesar de este inconveniente es muy buen celular no parece de juguete como el s3 y tiene la misma respuesta y velocidad si no es q mejor .

This is so far one of the best phones i ever use, fast, smooth and impressive connection speed, the main problem is the battery life i charged the whole night and then after 3 hours i used the 50% of the battery life, with only 3g data and wifi on. I just turned on the gps, bluetooth and reduce the bright at 20%. And with that i keep drain fast....if someone have the solution for this main problem i will appreciate alot.... thats why i give 3 stars

Excellent phone!Amazing microphone, beautiful display with gorilla glass, the battery lasts about 10 hours with good use, very fast response, 1080p video recording, good build but very slippery to me. I dropped it twice in 2 days. The auto focus on the camera is not very good, but give it a second. Mine did not come with a USA Charging converter from international charger. It came with NFC (Near Field Communication) tags! Came with 12GB of free space. I used an T-Mobile sim card and it works great. I have a 4G plan, but it is only operating on Edge mobile network data. I am waiting for T-mobile to up their towers, but Edge works great for me.

When I received this phone, it was one of the most beautiful phones I had ever seen with a big screen, thin and lightweight (everything I was looking for in a smartphone). So it set up fast and ran fast. Also, I loved the very clear and high resolution large screen and so many superb features of this phone. Well, I was truly in love with this phone however, I could never get the WiFi on this phone to be very strong. Comparing it to my Samsung tablets and Samsung S3 Mini, the WiFi on this phone was so very weak. (I tested these out with WiFi Analyzer free from the Playstore for comparison). It connected very quickly to my home router and stayed on, but even close to my router the signal was very weak. So I tried several things to no avail. Since I rely on WiFi to get onto the internet, very, very sadly, I had not choice but to return this phone. It is very possible that I just received one with a weak WiFi radio, just sadly one of those things. For you the reader, you may not have any problems at all. For me, if this phone had a stronger WiFi signal, I would have kept the phone and be happily using it now! My full rating of this phone is close to 4 stars (it would have been 5 stars if the WiFi would have been strong enough--this is rare to happen, as LG makes great phones with superb features.

Three circumstances lead me to buy this phone, and having purchased it i am happy with it.Circumstance 1. I bought this phone after Hurricane Sandy Delayed my Order for a Galaxy S3 and my friend was leaving the states to come to Belize and i needed a phone and wanted to upgrade to a quad core having sold my HTC Sensation 4G.Circumstance 2. I prefer LCD screens to AMOLEDCircumstance 3. Low cash flow - Somehow as i was looking for quad core phones this one flew under the radar. I need a phone with a removable battery, and expandable memory, therefore HTCs ONE X would not work for me. SO i went ahead and purchased the S3 and as the shipment of the phone was being delayed somehow i stumbled upon this phone, read and watched a bunch of reviews and i wondered to myself "why am i going to spend over $200 more for a S3 with accessories(case, screen protector & belt holder) when i can get this LG 4X HD with the same accessories for so much less, and use that $200 for something else. The difference in price just did not seem justifiable, that was the deal breaker. Therefore i quickly cancelled the order for the S3 and ordered this.Yes in benchmarks the S3 comes out on top in most categories,Yes the S3 has more appeal, cache, Hype and probably higher resale valueyes the S3 has some cool tricks like automatic dialing, and multiple screens thingy etc.BUTThis bad boy is no slouch and looks really nice, feels solid and has a goregeous screen. Works well in direct sunlight and in general is overall a solid phone, Runs high end games(like ShadowGun) flawlessly,(Asphalt 7, runs good, but not as silky smooth as on my old HTC sensation, Spider-man i have no idea why it runs so jerky, not sure if its the phone or Android), other games run great.PROS- Great Price, i mean this is literally unbeatable- Excellent for those(like me) who are on a budget- The phone all in all is a very good phone read the reviews, from GSM Arena, Cnet, TechRadar etcCons- Doesn't run some high end games smoothly- LG's UI doesn't seem as fine tuned as HTC's Sense. Like copying and pasting isn't as nice, the LG keyboard has  "$" and "&" on page 2 when you select the number option which takes up alot of time, both of these UI quirks are very annoying to me. I think i will download another keyboard.I would Highly Recommend this phone

Excellent phone, works perfectly with any operator in Venezuela, beautiful design, very good speed when surfing the internet, good reception in calls and excellent operating system, good camera and good size storage, I love this phone.

Wonderful phone,came on time but the box looks kind of old.The phone and the items in it were new and never used .but it was difficult to connect to my data at first,called at&t and they helped me get connected.apart from that i love this phone.

The price is just outstanding, the phone so far perfectly up to our (high) expectations. Only 4 stars because the German language pack is missing (was specified in Amazon) and the phone went to Germany. For US I would clearly give 5 stars.

Between iPhones and Samsumgs phones this one made a great purchase. It's not expensive, have great screen definition, good camera, fast, has android in it.

I'm in love with this phone, I'm using it in Guatemala, central america.  And it is working with all carriers here in my country.  It came with Ice Cream Sandwich and HAS spanish language.  Sometimes it gets freezed but I think is due to hard usage.  The BAD thing is the battery, it drains really quick.  Review from Guatemala*Update*I have just upgraded it to Jelly Bean through LG PC Suite and it is working better than before.  Also Battery draining seems to be fixed and I still have Spanish language on it. Also several options has been addedEstoy enamorado de este tel&eacute;fono, lo estoy usando en Guatemala, Centroam&eacute;rica. Y est&aacute; trabajando con todas las compa&ntilde;&iacute;as aqu&iacute; en mi pa&iacute;s. Vino con Ice Cream Sandwich y tiene Idioma espa&ntilde;ol. A veces se traba, pero creo que se debe al uso duro. Lo malo es la bater&iacute;a, drena muy r&aacute;pido. Revisi&oacute;n de Guatemala* Actualizacion*Acabo de actualizar a Jelly Bean a trav&eacute;s de LG PC Suite y est&aacute; funcionando mejor que antes. Tambi&eacute;n la bater&iacute;a dura mas y todav&iacute;a tengo el idioma espa&ntilde;ol en &eacute;l. Tambi&eacute;n se han a&ntilde;adido varias opciones que mejoran el rendimiento.  Lo recomiendo al 100%Revision de Guatemala

the charger broke after few days. the cellphone works good. I will give 5 stars if the charger was good.

I bought the Lg Optimus Hd x4 just before Christmas, as a present for myself. I love this phone, it has all you need from a high tech smartphone. The phone is fast,with a good battery life. The picture quality is good, once you learn how to make the most of it. I red a custom leather cover that doubles as stand, and can enjoy viewing. I make use of google calendar, email, timer etc. and helps me in my teaching. Also bought the mini hdmi cable and an now watch on lcd tv. As it's selling for around 220.thats the cheapest high spec phone, so sexy and sleek an outstanding phone.

Phone speed amazing, beautiful design!I have for six weeks and has not given me problems, it's beautiful design in white, works perfect here in Ecuador and has incredible speed ......... not have Spanish language, but no problem at this price and quality.I recommend .... thousandfold

I love my new cell phne, its light, white, superb display. I expererienced some problems with the keyboard. It was on Japanesse ( I guess) when i turned on. but not anymore!!!! Highly recommended!!!

I rarely purchase LG products, but this one is pretty handy. Large screen and affordable price, plus the battery life is not as bad as the internet wrote about. I would recommend to my friends.

works perfectly with any operator in my country, amazing design, very fast when surfing the internet, good reception in calls and excellent operating system, good camera and good size storage, I love my cellphone.The screen is beautiful!10 Stars!!!!

I recently switched to T-Mobile and wanted an Android phone similar to to what I had on Virgin Mobile, the HTC One V.I bought a Sony Xperia J, the user experience was good but I had problems with it reading the SD-Card. Also the headphone jack would not detect the headphones properly if you recently used the FM radio so I returned it.So I paid up for this phone ($297 versus $218 for the Sony). The screen was very good like the HTC One V and the interface presentation is very sleek, better than the Sony Xperia J.The interface of the FM Radio and Music Apps are wonderful. The phone read the SD card without issue and the headphones jack worked properly going from FM Radio to playing music. The dolby digital sound mode makes music sound really great as well.The quad core processor definitely performs, I get 3.5G network on T-Mobile, and sound quality is really clear.The phone is big, so one handed use maybe difficult if you have smaller hands, but the larger screen makes viewing web pages and typing text messages a pleasure compared to smaller screen phones.The camera is decent and can do features like panorama pictures, you can even say &#34;Kimchi!&#34; or &#34;Cheese&#34; to automatically take a picture. I assume the video is ok to but haven't tried it yet.I only give the phone 4 stars because the software that connects the phone to the computer is Windows only and the update process to recent Android was not fluid. I was able to connect the MAC to transfer content to the SD card though.A few word of advice when updating the phone using the software update on the PC is to remove your SD card, and turn off Aut-Play in Windows so it doesn't try to connect as an MP3 player during the update process. The update was smooth sailing after making these adjustments.I'm really happy with this unlocked phone. I've owned other LG phones in the past and they always have great features and quality in their Android Phones.

1) A or B version which works for LG OPTIMUS International Version. [...]2) loaded my poor battery life, go to battery consumption and more power hungry device is idle, "drums used by the radio"

articulo de alta calidad y muy funcional con todas las caracteristica de un sistema completo y con alta capacidad de memoria y procesador avanzado

Fits all needs, quick quad. core Android. Very satisfied with the product. Nice looks, handling easy very good performance. Recommended.

The size of this phone is good as is the battery, size, screen, camera.  Limited to Ice Cream Sandwich if that matters to you.  One handed phone.  Standard size Sim card (unlocked) and up to 62 GB SD card.  Extra battery will cost you $20. Buy it if you can get it at a good price. I gave this phone 4 stars because you will be stuck with ICS.

This phone is sick. It's better than some other options because it's relatively inexpensive compared to other products on the market but is NFC compatible and has other great features. I love the screen and build of the phone and the battery life is much better than I anticipated after reading reviews on it. It's also really, really fast.

The phone is really good, I am happy I purchased it. Is really fast and fluid. The screen is beautiful! And the camera does a pretty good job, all apps work great. I don't think you can buy a better for the price. The phone competes directly with the S3 and HTC one, but those phones do not have any features that are worth paying more money.I've had the phone for about 3 months.

OMG I LOVE THIS PHONE i have not put it down since i got it!! super fast shipping from deltamobiles i got expedited shipping forva few extra bucksThe screen is absoulutely stunning the battery life is ehh the speaker is loud enough for me the nfc tags is a bit much in my opinion but this phone is supersexy i love love love it!!!!!!

I got this phone as a replacement for my wife's LG Optimus 2X. It is slightly longer but have significantly larger screen due to removal of the thick bezels on the top and the bottom of the phone. It is way-way faster than LG Optimus 2X and feels lighter. For some reason it feels more responsive than my Samsung Galaxy S3 (T-Mobile USA) - that may be because of the bloated GUI Samsung installs on the phone.When I got the phone it could not find T-Mobile at all. there were two different AT&T; options so I assumed the phone is not completely broken. The Wifi connection worked great as well. I started to sweat a little because $400+ USA would be a lot of money for a non-working device but then I remembered that some people have complained about slow data speeds which got fixed with a firmware upgrade so I decided to give it a try.I checked the firmware version and it was V10a so I upgraded it to version 10F (using a phone app and my WiFi internet connection). The T-mobile support come up. This problem may be due to the limited spectrum that T-Mobile is using here in Los Angeles USA and probably has nothing to do with the phone.I switched to T-mobile and I was able to make a call.Unfortunately the data speed is limited to Edge only.I have noticed that my Samsung Galaxy S3 has a better reception that this LG (Optimus X4 HD) phone so I decided to go to the T-mobile store. Although the number of bars improved, the connection was still limited to 'Edge' (which is considered by some as 2.75G or 2.9G - not even 3G).I am hoping future upgrades can bring full 4G support to T-Mobile USA.

It's A great phone for the price that you pay, it's Fast, Amazing screen (IPS) and very beautiful designgod'sLcdBatteryCon'spoor speaker quality

Muy buen servicio el tel&eacute;fono llego de manera muy r&aacute;pida y segura, y la notificaci&oacute;n fue inmediata! Excelente vendedor much&iacute;simas gracias

Really fast and smooth. its a Beautiful phone. It shows you what android really is about. I give it five stars.

Great phone, a little more RAM would be ok but in relation price/performance  its perfect. I recommended it ,it's great

OMG I really love this phone, it was at first hard to get service for data but once you figure out the access point you are on your way to the best LG phone you could get! This experience will totally change your mind about an international phone...it's the way to go.it does everything my brother Nexuxs does. Love it!

I got this for college. It is extremely slick and is beautiful. Upon startup it had different languages to choose from like Japanese, Korean, Spanish, etc. I synced the account with my Gmail account. It runs social media sites really quickly and comes with Google chrome installed. I honestly am in love with this phone. The only FLAW is that the battery life is poor. If you are going to be browsing the web, facebooking, twitting, and watching YouTube video then expect about 3-4 hour of batter life. If you are going to be on the phone for heavy texting then expect about 5/6 hours. I haven't used the phone for a long conversation yet. There are better batteries other than the Lg one for less that 50 dollars so it's an easy issue to fix.I would give this product 4 stars but after I had a minor issue with the charger converter, I called them and they quickly sent me 2 new ones free of charge. They did not Bs me and the conversation only took about 3 minutes and they were quick to fix their mistake. Due to the excellent customer service, I decided to give them an extra star.

I love the phone.  It was an upgrade from a Windows 7 phone.  My rating is based on the fact that nowhere in the description does it indicate it will not handle voice dialing thru a bluetooth headset.  Since I use this feature a lot, I have been scrambling to find some kind of alternative.  Nothing I have found so far completely replaces the function but I hope that in the future I will be able to come up with something.  It is not a deal breaker, just an inconvenience.

One thing im concern is that will it work with tmobiles small sim card..if so i'll definetly buy the phone!!! :D

AAA AAaa aaaaaw www www eeee eeee ees ssss ssss oooo oo mmm mm mm mmm eee eee e !!!!!!!!!

elegant & nice productas was suspectinghigh quality , new sealed oem factory unlockandroid fast cpu cellthank u

The phone can switch to Spanish? help please, I need to know as soon as possible will wait your answers thanks :)

This phone is very good except for the speakerphone the sound is to low at max volume, that's why i rated 4 stars.If i want to do conference call i have to connect my portable stereo speaker for a better sound.If you don't have problem with speakerphone low sound  i recommend this phone to everyone.

Este es un excelente dispositivo, magnifico en todo sentido, estoy muy contento con el, tiene un dise&ntilde;o muy bonito y gran calidad.

This LG smartphone is their current flagship and runs on Android 4.0.3 (ICS)+cheap in comparison to the other flagships like ONE X or S3 (and same power!)+nice design and very comfortable in use+awesome,big, colorful screen (4.7)+fast as  hell (thanks @ tegra 3 quadcore)+better battery than SAMSUNG GALAXY S3 or HTC ONE XBUT-camera (video ok, but photos are bad because he phone has problems with the auto focus, an update could fix this!)-although it has the best (look on the technical information) battery of the flagship smartphones, it still lasts up to one day but not longer !( so need to charge at night)Summary: LG did a really good job, nice phone for less money (than the other flagships !) and it can really mess with the S3 or the iPhone5 ! It is incredible how smooth this smartphone works, i never saw a bug once and also movies and games are INSANE on this screen! But they need to fix the camera auto focus via an update.Update: This Phone is optimized for Europe and Asia (I am from germany, thats why i bought it) and you will get e.g. with t-mobile only 2g data (EDGE) over here! In Europe and Asia you will get up to HSDPA, so it works great over there.Buy it, its worth it if you love android !

Great phone!! I mean your getting quad core processor for a very low price. I have never had a problem with the phone. The only negative thing about the phone is the battery. It can last only half day of regular Use.

i liked it so much, even this is my first smartphone.And of course it is unlocked, fine goodThe bad is the battery it doesn`t hold long time, it needs a bigger.

This is a very nice Android device. It is quick responsive and LG adds nice customizations with their new UI. I had a Nitro HD that I did not like because the interface was very clunky and laggy. Great job LG. I ordered the phone from Wireless Everything paid extra for next day shipping, and was using my phone less than 24 hour later. How's that for service?

consider it's price, it is the best android's phone. very good screen and brightness. good battery life and again, 150$ chipper than galaxy s3

UPDATE - I've had this phone for quite a while now and every single day I resist the urge to slam it as hard as I can against a brick wall. I am absolutely stunned how this phone has gotten so many positive reviews claiming it to be blistering fast, when my phone can't go between 2 simple applications without glitching. Everything on this phone works poorly. And sometimes it simply doesn't work at all. Even when I try to delete emails from my Yahoo app, it'll take literally 20, 30, 40 seconds and sometimes more. If you get an incoming message, the phone simply stops processing whatever it is you have open. It just stops working completely. If you're watching a video, it'll stop playing, pause, and restart. Just swiping between screens can cause the phone to buffer and glitch. I complained to the seller and he told me that there was nothing they could do because it did not have a warranty. Why then, did every other phone specifically state that it did not have a warranty? And Amazon refuses to do anything. What a piece of trash.The phone I received is a lemon. The phone is terribly sluggish and the overall performance is absolutely horrendous. When swiping between pages, the pages will freeze and when typing a message, the letters won't come up sometimes for several seconds and then rapidly fill the page. Even when on my home wifi with speeds at 20Mbps, pages take a long time to load. I have upgraded the OS, killed apps and cleaned the cache, and still terrible performance. For a quad core 1.5 Ghz phone with 1 GB of RAM, my phone is absolutely awful.

It's a good phone. Just didn't like the fact that everything came in korean language. The specifications of the box and the manual is in korean. Even the phone's default language is korean

me gusta el telefono la pantalla es resistente a ara&ntilde;azos, el producto llego en perfectas condiciones.. me gustaria seguir comprando por aca!

I just got the phone and i like this phone so far, different than iPhone 5 so will need sometime to get use to the android system, but so far I'm an excited about it. It definitely has a bigger and brighter screen than iPhone 5.addendum: 1-16..i am having really bad heating issue. Top front of the phone get really hot just by talking for 5 minutes or less. It gets really hot so much as to make my ear all red and unable to keep contact. Weird. I am going to return it and  buy a optimus G instead. Hopefully, it would not have as bad a heating issue!!

Just perfect.Fast... very fast phone, the screen is beautiful, no errors on software. The battery, last all day long (for me).And something that took me by surprise, it updates itself over the air.

Pure value for money & the best available for $300. Pleasure, performance & price combo. Nothing more..nothing less. Value for money!

its a very thin cell, quick and ligth, i update to jelly bean version of android and the cell fly!

one time when I charge it, it is over heat and power off.other it is works well. Over all it is OK, better then my iphone 3gs.

I loved the phone so good But I think  a crap computer connectivity,  the software to manage the phone from the pc  its a real crap.Out of this  the phone is wonderful.

Gave up my Note II for this phone becuz it was just TOO BIG and i couldn't get used to it. Excellent price, quality, shipping speed.  Thank you!
