
Great for texting when you figure out a few tricks with the keyboard. Battery life is amazing compared to my last phone.Certainly more than I'd expected for a low cost pre-pay phone.

Great phone to have if only using for emergencies or if someone needs to contact you with an emergency. It has Bluetooth which is great.

This phone is for use at home and with my 14 year old son that way I don't have to spend a couple hundred dollars on a phone from a different company but I still get all the things that I need with this phone. You can't alway trust a 14yr old boy so this works perfect. Also fast delivery and easy.

Before I bought this, I was tied to a plan with AT&T and was paying $45 a month and only using about 80 min a month.  I saw that this phone came with triple minutes and no contract, so I save considerably.  I can use the WI-FI free as long as I am home, although it's not very &#34;smart&#34;.  I just want the triple minutes for phone calls and that serves me fine.  The phone center button is very sensitive and it always tries to get you to use the browser (more used minutes) but it's easy to get used to it and not do that unless you want to.

Hard to control roller type control to scroll, instead of usual button controlled scroll. Need to touch scroll on small &#34;ok&#34; button which requires more attention and control.

I've had the phone for almost a month now, and as an upgrade from the LG500G, I've been pretty happy with it so far.UPDATED July 2013: For the last month or so, I have been having a much higher incidence of the phone auto-dialing emergency services. Looking into it, I have learned that it's because this phone was programmed to use the panic code 112 in addition to triple-0 and 911 - which is ridiculously easy to get mashed, even when the phone is in a case. People have reported this to both Samsung and Tracfone, who both fob it off as the other company's responsibility to fix - so it never gets addressed. This is something to be very aware of and the utter lack of concern on both companies' parts would be worth another half-star rating - if we could do halves. Which is a shame, because otherwise, this is a very nice phone. Especially for tracfone.What I like:The 3G and wifi connectivity, email access, the slightly more open java app access, and enough memory and processing power to run them without completely choking are a nice feature. Still more than 8 years out of date. But good to finally have the option with this service provider. It's yet another fixed keyboard form factor, but I think this is probably the optimal design for feature phones of this sort, so I'm a fan. Call quality is on the upper end for a tracfone, and battery life has, thusfar, been quite good. The hardware seems alright - again, outdated, but it feels solid, it's not too heavy, and isn't so narrow my hand cramps from holding it too long. And lifetime minute multipliers are always win (even if they do get you back on in-phone purchases - but why do that when you can just sideload whatever media you want?).Things I don't like so much:I'm not a fan of the punctuation key assigns. They just don't feel natural to me. Though I am willing to concede this is likely due to my having gotten used to the layout of my previous key-phone, and it may become more intuitive with more use. My biggest gripe in this area is the double-wide space key. While a good idea in theory, having it auto-insert a period if you don't tap the key in the middle (which happens often when I get on a roll) causes more hassle than it solves. The raised keys are particularly prone to pocket-dialing  - which has caused a fair number of users to get in trouble for repeated unintended calls to emergency services (as 911 always works, regardless of the keypad's lock status). So a case/holster is highly recommended.Several of the built-in apps are also less useful than their counterparts on the 500G. The note app is largely useless to me (100 character limits? In 2012? Really?). Though I was able to fix this with a third-party app. And while I do like the expanded utility of the Samsung's contacts list (individual rings and images - about time!) - having to re-enter all of them manually from my old phone was not a lot of fun (it cannot reliably interpret contact dumps in the LG format).One of the biggest (and, thusfar, seemingly unaddressed) gripes is the actual fee rate for 3G data access. Despite the default boilerplate in the instruction manual and all available references to the standard Edge network per-minute rates - 3G data on this phone is charged by the kb, and at a fairly high rate (an official fee schedule has yet, to my knowledge, been made available). If you're stuck on an Edge connection, it does seem to revert to the per-minute rate. But it's highly advisable that users install a third-party browser with data compression (Opera Mobile is the easiest to find), adjust MMS settings to auto-resize images, and disable (or severely cut down on the frequency of) social media and email polling to significantly cut down on unnecessary data charges. And use the wifi connection whenever possible.

In the past 4 days that I've owned and carried the phone around, it has called 911 7 times while it was locked and in my pocket. When the phone is locked, pressing "0" three times and then confirming that you want to make an emergency call dials 911. What I do not understand is how in the world does the same thing keep happening time after time???? How is it that my pocket not only presses the zero three times, but also confirms that it wants to make the call? This, I think, is a MAJOR flaw of the phone itself because I have owned similar phones (from Nokia) and when they've locked, they've stayed locked.I have tried to put the phone in different positions, different pockets, but nothing has worked. Also, on at least two occasions, the phone opened its browser which used up some of my minutes while it was in my pocket. The only way to stop this robot dialing/button pressing bs is to turn the phone completely off, which I don't want to do as I want to be notified of incoming calls and messages.And the Wifi has not worked no matter what I have tried to do. I tried every suggested thing on the internet: from simple things like scrolling down and entering/saving the password to changing settings and so on, nothing has worked. I have even tried to connect to the open Wifi connection at my work, which my iPod Touch has no problem connecting to, but this phone just will not connect. It keeps giving me the same message: "Disconnected" and "No Response from AP." I have searched those terms and have not found a solution to the problem. I think the problem is that Tracfone has disabled the Wifi feature so that they can have you using your minutes and paying them for it.On a few positive notes, I like the look of the phone and the screen has good resolution and looks sharp. I also like the simple menu layout and the menu controls. However, as others have noted, the buttons are really tiny and close to each other and do get some getting used to.So, even if I do try to get used to the tiny buttons and lack of Wifi, the pocket dialing is just insane and will probably land me in big trouble because it's illegal to keep calling 911 for non-emergency purposes. I think this phone is a huge failure as a phone, no matter how cheap it is.Also, the instruction manual supplied with the phone is very brief and does not explain all the features. I have used Tracfone service for many years and I do like that it saves me money, but this is cost cutting at its very worst and this failure of a phone is on its way back to where it came from. I'm going to try to find a better phone and I'll report on that soon...

It's taking me a while to learn it...Tracfone could use a better guide, but I get great help from onlime and friends

I bought the Samsung S390G because I liked the key pad and larger screen.  It has been a nightmare to own.  It keeps dialing up the internet even if it is setting on the counter and no one is in the house.  The Tracfone people have been worthless to work with, and I have lost about two hours that won't be replaced. After investigating on the internet, I've learned that others have had the same problem. I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

This was just what I was looking for. Plus I bought it cheaper from Amazon. Was shipped very quickly. Very easy to use and the keys are just the right size.

My son loves it. This is his third tracfone. Each phone has work great he has just went phone to phone because he liked them and they didn't cost much to switch phones.

love this phone. easy to text with, calls are clear. the triple minutes feature is great. Samsung makes a very reliable phone. Amazon  is always great to use. the last tracfone I bought from amazon was awful and amazon refunded my money without any problem.

To owners of the Samsung S390g phone, if you are looking for a cover for your phone, like a silicon soft  cover, the phone is called a Samsung Chat, either model# 527 or 5270, Found some on a another store site,(ebay), Haven't activated the phone yet, heard about the problems with the phone dailing 911, my son has the same phone in Net10 service, it dailed 911 when he had the phone in his pant's pocket.

I bought this phone after having the Samsung t404.  I love this phonethe texting is great on it, and it is very user friendly.  I debated betweenthis phone and the Lg840.  I am glad I made the right decision onthis phone.

I have another Samsong S390G and loved it so I ordered another one for my grandson from amozon.com  sold by rockrollangel 1976, I unable to add service to the phone purchased through Amozon....I have contacted teacfone for a new sim card but as of yet was told one wasin the mail it has been a month and I still can not usemy phone...

I've had one for over a year and for a basic phone it's great.  Triple minutes is a big plus but it's not so great on the internet.  TracFone is introducing Smartphones, so you might look into that too. But for phone and text and that's it, go for this one.

Can't beat it for the money and Tracfone gives you triple minutes. Of course the give you less minutes on their monthly plans now for the same money, so it works out about the way it used to.  Easy to use keyboard, so much better then all the others I have used.  Decent reception, not great, but I assume it is the network and not the phone. I would buy this one again if I needed another phone and I was able to store my telephone numbers now on the memory card instead of the phones memory, so hopefully I don't have to reload them on a new phone in the future.

The phone has worked excellent once tracphone finally got my old number moved. ( This did take several days to get moved but I blame tracphone) The vender was excellent, replacing the failed charger free of charge. I'd highly recommend shopcelldeals

Among the dozens of choices for smart phones, this Samsung shines as a real bargain. It has enough features to satisfy the most demanding customer though it does not provide some of the exotic features such as cooking  scrambled eggs for breakfast. Used with the pay as you go Tracfone, there is no better way to get good cell service without paying an arm and leg. Highly recommended.

Purchased this phone with advertised features including e-mail, browser, and wi-fi availability.  Followed on-line tutorials and spent over an hour with Tracfone where phone was restarted and he had me enter many, many codes to try to get Browser to connect. He was not successful in solving the problems and offered no other solutions to the issues.The phone works for sending/receiving calls/texts. You can take a picture but cannot send it via e-mail since e-mail cannot be set up. Just very,very disappointed. Don't think features should be advertised that cannot be activated.

I loc the phone, but the no. I got, must have been some one elses no. because i keep getting calls that are not mine.

I got this phone for my son as a gift and it seems to work good. I have not heard anything bad. The numbers and letters are very small the black berry has bigger numbers and letters then this.  It is something I wouldn't be able to use as a phone because of the small letters, but I seems like it is working out great for my son.

BAD / BAD, WISH I DID NOT GIVE UP MY OLD PHONE..The incoming text messages are to small to read. VVery hard to import your music and picures. the key board unlocks easy in your pocket and then dials the browser using up your minnets. Unable to disable the browser button. The buttons are to small and too close. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PHONE. When my minets are used up I will get a new phone..

I chose this rating because for a novice, this phone takes patience to set up and get running the way you like it.After using up lots of minutes with tracfone techs, I finally got my phone set up.The phone works fine, the navigation key is EXTREMELY sensitive and takes some getting used to.  Setting up the wifi took patience and more knowledge than the website shares.  Thank goodness for the phone reviews and blogs or I would never have figured it out.The phone &#34;butt dials&#34; often and I feel is problematic and a nuisance.  One reviewer mentioned getting around that problem by dialing in some nonsensical numerals so that if it does unlock itself and dial it will not dial a contact number.  That's fine if you remember but how annoying is that to have to dial a few  nonsensical numbers after each time you use the phone?Would I buy this phone again?  No.  Mainly because of the overly sensitive navigation key and the problem with accidental unlocking and dialing issue.All in all, the phone is decent.  If you are used to these types of problems.One more thing, when the phone is not on speaker phone mode the sound of the voice on the other end has an annoying rattle sound which means the sound on this particular phone is messed up.  At this point, I do not want to complain and get a replacement.  I would have to go through all the annoying set up again and so I just use the phone on speaker phone whenever I can.Disappointed at best.  Would not recommend this phone to a novice.

Phone unlocked repeatedly in my pocket. Turned off in my pocket. Dials 911 even while locked if 0, 0, 0 is pressed followed by one other key.  From locked status it takes exactly 10 button pushes to retrieve and view a picture message. The phone displays a notification of your remaining balance before and after every call or text. This "feature" cannot be disabled.  You have to read about how you just used one text message for a few seconds every time a message comes in or goes out.  Learn from my mistake.

EDIT 10/9/12: I think there are a small percentage of defected phones out there, so if you're having MAJOR problems with your phone, this may be why. But again, this is just a small percentage, so make sure that you have absolutely tried everything to get your phone working to do whatever you're having trouble with. If not, you may be one of the unlucky people who got a defected phone. But for the third time, this is a VERRRRYYY small percentage of phones, so make sure you know for sure before you send it back!!!10/9/12 HOW TO SET UP WIFI -PRESS "MENU." OKAY, GOT THAT?THEN, SCROLL TO "WIFI."PRESS THE "SELECT BUTTON." (AKA, THE LEFT SOFT KEY BUTTON OR THE BIG BLACK SCROLLER THING IN THE MIDDLE.)OKAY ARE YOU GUYS WITH ME HERE?IT WILL SAY "SEARCHING."THEN, CLICK ON YOUR WIFI ROUTER'S NAME. YOU WILL ITS SETTINGS.OKAY, BEFORE PRESSING "SAVE", MAKE SURE YOU SCROLL DOWN TO "PASSWORD."TYPE IN YOUR PASSWORD. (MAKE SURE YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY SURE IT IS CORRECT!!)AFTER YOU TYPE IN THE CORRECT PASSWORD, PRESS THE "SAVE BUTTON." (THE LEFT SOFT KEY BUTTON.)AND WALAHHH!I think some people are having trouble with the wifi because they aren't scrolling down far enough to enter their password, and then saving it. MAKE SURE YOU AREN'T ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE OKAY? I think one or two of you guys left comments a long time ago saying how no one is helping you with the wifi. WELL THERE YA GO! (:First of all, I have to say this: You are INSANE if you have this phone and do not like it. Seriously. This is the best phone I've ever had. I had a touch screen from ATT, but my parents thought they were paying too much for it, so they decided to change it. (My mom was already an existing Tracfone customer, so that's why she thought this would be a better deal for me since I don't even text/call much.) Since I was never a heavy texter or anything, it wasn't really a big deal for me that I had to change. The main reason why I loved my previous phone was because of the touch screen, and how easy it was to type on it. But to be honest, I was actually kind of excited for a change in the phone I had. My previous touch screen was still a great phone though. ANYWAYS - I'm not here to support my old phone, I'm here to support my new one.I've read a bunch of reviews online and most of them were complaining about the setup taking too long, not being able to activate the phone, not being able to set up the wifi, charging minutes for using wifi, etc. I don't know what the heck these people are doing wrong, but the wifi DOES work, and no they do NOT charge you a penny to use it.Do not change your mind in getting the phone just because of THIS. Obviously those are just personal problems that they are having because they do not know how to "properly" set it up. If you are PATIENT in what you are doing, you will get it. It really annoys me how people keep complaining about something when really, all they need to do is be patient. Patience is a virtue, remember? I don't understand why so many people are having trouble with this. It took me just half an hour to transfer my mom's old Tracfone number and minutes to the phone, and it took about another half an hour as well to set up my new phone too. Come on, if a 16 year old can do this all by herself, I'm sure you folks can too. The 1500 minutes came in at about an hour after I activated them.Also, the wifi on this phone is amazing! It's pretty fast, and I'm happy with it. If you are having problems with the wifi, it is most likely because you don't know how to set it up, you're doing it all wrong, or there is something wrong with your wireless connection in your house. Don't blame it on the phone because it works perfectly fine for me. I suggest that you download the full user manual online as the one they provide with the phone does not have full information on this topic. Trust me, I promise you that you will be able to set up the wifi. It is very easy, easier than you think. Oh yeah, but here's a warning: Whenever you go online, make sure that you are connected to wifi. If the phone is not connected, you will end up losing lots of minutes very, very fast. To know if you're connected by wifi, the bars by the volume symbol must be green. Green means that you are connected to the internet by wifi. If it's blue, it means that there's no wifi and you'll get charged if you go online like that. Some of you may think the screen may be too small to be used on the internet, but I don't see any problem!Okay, now I'll begin talking more about the phone.One minor thing about the phone is that whenever I press the "space" button on the keyboard, a period pops up. I know why this is happening though. It's because this is similar to the iPhone wear you double click on the space bar really fast so a period will pop up. As of now, the only solution I can find to this is not pressing the space bar directly in the middle. Press on the side of it and the period won't pop up. Hopefully this problem will go away after I start using the phone more. I'll update if it improves for me.Another tiny problem for me is that the soft keys (the send, end, and the two middle keys) are not backlit. The whole bottom keyboard is backlit though, which is a good thing. I don't know what I'd do if they weren't. But if the top keys were back lit, that would be PERFECT for me. But again, it isn't a big problem.And also, for some reason, sometimes a random message pops up saying "email login failed" or something like that, and then it deducts half a minute! Anyone else with me or is it just me? I don't understand that part. It's probably because my phone got disconnected from wifi but I don't want my phone deducting half a minute every time the wifi is not connected! I'll find out more about this later and update. If you're having this problem too, I suggest deleting your email account from the phone for now until we figure out why they keep deducting minutes like this every time the wifi disconnects. EDIT: I found a way to stop this message from popping up and deducting my minutes. Whenever you take your phone somewhere that doesn't have any wifi, make sure to go to "Receiving options" and then "Auto sync." You should see the choices On, Home Network Only, or Off. Press off. This may take some time to do each time you get out of wifi service, but it help from getting deducted minutes. Then when you get back to your house or whatever with good wifi connection,turn it back to "Home network only."Typing on this phone is okay. I'll probably get used to it though. Overall with the typing, it's so so. It's not as easy as typing on an iPhone or something like that, but like I said, you will get used to it after using it for a while. The buttons are the right size, so don't worry about them being too "small." It's just like a Blackberry. Obviously if you just switched from a fancy dancy smart phone, it's probably going to take some time to adjust to this new keyboard. I've also seen some reviews where people are like, "UGH THE KEYS ARE SO SMALL!! I'M RETURNING IT BACK! I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH YOU TRACFONE." Wow, seriously? Give this phone a break and stop trying to find the negative out of everything. I'm sorry but these kind of people really annoy me. They act like it's the end of the world.OH - and also, some people think that this phone has voice text messaging. If you're expecting to talk to your phone and then it'll type in everything you say, it's not going to work. This phone doesn't have that feature. What it does have is you can record your voice in a little audio thing and then send it via text message.For those of you who like putting little charms/landyards on your phone, with this phone, you have to remove the battery cover and then insert the charm in from there. Then put the cover back on.The touchpad is great. It's very easy to use, and I got used to it after using it for a minute.The camera quality is eh, okay. Better than nothing. But remember that this isn't meant for taking pictures. This is meant for texting/calling. That's what "phones" are for. If you want a camera with great quality, get an actual camera.This phone is a speaker phone too. When you're in the middle of a call, just click the center button and the speaker will turn on.You can also listen to music on here too. Just make sure you add additional memory. This phone can store external memory up to 32gb. And the head jack is 3.5mm. (Just like regular earphones. I'm shocked because previous Samsung phones I've had had weird head jack sizes. But this one is normal.)Oh and I forgot to mention that you can get apps on this phone. Go to getjar.com to download apps for free. There are lots of apps websites like this. Getjar.com is just one of them. But here's the main problem for me with this. For some apps that I try to download, I end up getting a "connection failed" message, and I never get the app saved onto the phone. It's like this with apps like Facebook chat, Yahoo mail, etc. And for some other apps, when I AM able to save them onto my phone, whenever I go to them, this message keeps popping up saying "you are accessing the network. Data charges may apply." Of course I click yes because i'm using wifi, but the message still keeps popping up every 3 seconds to the point where I want to just throw my phone at a wall. This is the only thing I really, really, REALLY hate about this phone. Hopefully I'll be able to figure out what's going on soon. If anyone knows a solution to this, please tell.Youtube works great too. Better than I expected. :)Battery life lasts really long too. I'm able to surf the web for about 5+ hours until one bar goes down. And there are 5 bars total. Within this past week, I only had to charge it once! It's amazing.The service is great. But that's the service in MY area. Hopefully it's great for you too.Overall, I think you should get this phone because I can guarantee that you will not regret it. (Depending on if you're one of those people who find the negative in everything.)This isn't exactly a "full" smartphone, but it looks like one and it's pretty cool. I have no complaints besides for the few minor ones I listed above. Don't believe all the negative stuff people are saying about this phone. This is a wonderful phone that anybody, any age will love. I as a teenager, am love this phone. If you are a teenager as well, you will love this. If you are planning on getting this for your teenage kids or something, they will love you forever. Take my word on that.

when phone was on lock mode it would go online on its own. this phone was nothing but headaches. lost minutes everytime I turned around. I have had this product for less than 30 days. would not recommend

The number one bad feature of this phone is no hard cover for the keysprotection, and I am bumped onto the Internet constantly.

Called 911 on its own repeatedly made repeated consumer service calls with no help.  The phone was dangerous as well as worthless.

This phone has the best feature/price ratio I have seen. Also, I am amazed at the Amazon price of this phone, which sells everywhere else for twice the price! Love the WIFI.

Phone works fine for voice, but texting is a pain. The phone thinks it know what we want to text and refuses to spell what we want.

Before I bought this phone, I read the reviews and a lot of people complained about the phone automatically dialing 911, so I wasn't sure if I wanted to get it, but I took the chance anyway. I've had the phone for over a month now and it hasn't dialed 911 even once. This is a great phone! I mainly use my phone for quick phone calls and emergencies. Since I started my new job, my boss and co-workers text a lot, so my old phone wasn't cutting it. I needed one with a qwerty keyboard for texting. I would agree with a lot of the other reviews that the keyboard is pretty small, but I have small fingers, so it's not as big of a problem for me. Overall I would recommend this phone.

PROSTMFL!email and basic www over WiFi for free (works great)google voice (google voice working now, wasn't initially)CONS-browser soft key will suck down units by accident (update 1 week later, has only happened a few times, and was easily canceled before a charge)

This was my first Tracfone. Has plenty of features. Triple minutes and keyboard was the main attraction.  The browser button is easy to turn on my accident, wasting minutes until discovered. Decent sound from mp3 music. Keyboard is clumsy. Phone says it can make international calls and text but one exception is the Philippines. My wife is there and I am in the United States and cannot contact wife so the phone was returned. Will try another Tracfone. My first return to Amazon.  Was quick, simple, fair.  Thanks Amazon.

i have been a tracfone customer for 10 years and i am pleased they offered a wi-fi phone of such good quality,i would reccomend this phone to anyone.

It makes calls, so good on that.  The keyboard is pretty usable, reminiscent of the venerable Blackberry Pearl.On the con side, it has an annoying-as-heck space key that likes to input two spaces on each press.  This gets interpreted as &#34;insert a period and a space&#34; by the phone OS.  Boo!  To work around this, you have to press on one side of the button.The phone has made spontaneous 911 calls more than once while I was prying it out of my pocket.  Not good.And like all Tracfones, the designers seem to think you really want to spend most of your time using the phone looking as &#34;keypad locked&#34;, &#34;keypad unlocked&#34;, and &#34;0.5 minutes deducted&#34; messages.I hate it, but I still am not willing to shell out $$$ for a real smartphone, so I guess I should not be surprised that I got what I paid for.

I activated this phone two days ago with Tracfone. So far it's been a pain to say the least. I locked the phone, it does basically nothing. It's called 911 today twice and I hardly even handled it. I will still keep the phone for sixty days anyways. I really didn't lose much money overall. I will tinker with it, to see if I can do something about the unwanted calls, wasting 911 employees time, wasting minutes too. Too bad I like the phone otherwise, but the unwanted 911 calls are not acceptable. I was much happier with my Samsung slider phone, nothing fancy, but did not dial unwanted calls. Recommendation, Do Not Buy This Phone!  UPDATE...I've been using this phone for several weeks now. This phone cannot be locked properly. If the right sequence is hit, one can lose all their minutes. Minutes equals hours at some point. It happened to me, but I luckily caught it, at about two minutes. When the web feature, which uses minutes. By accident was turned on, in a few minutes in my pocket. It was locked too, did not make a difference. Bottom line, buy something else, take my word for it. Stay away from this phone.

I read all the reviews before buying this phone and I had a phone with similar features before that I really loved so I thought I could handle the small keys and whatnot just fine.  So I took a chance and bought the phone but have had  a very frustrating experience with it.  The biggest concern is that if the phone is in your pocket or purse and getting bumped as your moving around the 0 gets bumped and if it gets bumped 3 times EVEN WHILE ITS "LOCKED" it calls 911 Emergency.  That happened to me less than 24 hours after activating the phone.  I looked it up online and sure enough there are lots and lots of people experiencing the same thing, some are even getting fines for calling 911 falsely too many times.  So I don't like that at all, not only is it a problem for me but I could be jamming the phone lines for those who actually need to call 911.  I've exhausted both going through the phone to try and turn off this feature or somehow disable it, I've called Samsung and Tracfone and nobody has been able to help.  The battery is also incredibly weak..about 6 hours...probably because its getting bumped around in my purse and thinking that its on when it shouldn't be.  You can only see one text at a time and it does put periods in your text all the time no matter how careful you try to be to push the spacebar just right.  So its just not worth it, I bought another Tracfone and I'm trying to get everything transferred but now Tracfone is giving me trouble on transferring all of my minutes even though they promised if I just bought a new phone they would credit me all of my remaining minutes.  Currently I have to somehow come up with another phone line to even call them from to resolve the current issue with my minutes.  Everytime I call Im talking to someone who really struggles with English and its just been incredibly frustrating trying to be understood.  I also emailed them describing my problem 3 days ago and they have yet to respond.  I'm wishing I would have gone with another prepaid company.  This has been a bad headache and the worst experience I've ever had trying to get a mobile phone going...with both the phone itself and the customer service from Tracfone.

great used deal from Tfone almost free with 60 mins=180 included. Porting is not a snap, full day and counting. Nice looking with larger screen but measuring a very small difference. Bigger easier to use qwerty buttons. Comes with a full grained back cover, LG was a bit slippery. Will report when activation process is complete. Wifi connection is a biggie worth the effort along with 3x.OK jumped through the hoops, be prepared for a huge number of codes. Got on starbux wifi rather easily having few of the problems mentioned by others. Had to turn off the autolock which was not a defect but left on by vendor. Managed to get on google and put it in favorites. Can get accu-weather and news sites, still working to get email working. Looks the same as lg 500 but very different navigation process. Center button on 390 not a do it all. So far so good will give it a wifi workout later. On line manual not much help. LG laid to rest but was given a needed short crossover period to get most contacts transferred.Uh oh the dreaded ooo sos. Kept in leather case and only in motion for a short distance, can see where this can be a major issue. Walked home a couple of blocks and there was the SOS message. Connected to email but signals after new messages, not good.Battery lasted 6hrs. with wifi on continuously, I was able to download Opera mini 7.1 when it died with a very small low battery warning. I ordered the 8gb San Disc micro card very inexpensively (under 6) from Amazon another advantage to this phone.OK back up and as some have stated Opera mini makes all the difference. Worth the trouble browsing the internet is easy. Four stars but a different generation of Tracfone.Update; phone now locks when closed, a big help with the calling issue but forces user to press two buttons to unlock. Took me a while to realize not to go to  unlock, battery usage just OK.update; mostly cons, battery would not hold a charge after about a month and had to get a replacement and one accidental call was made while in case. wifi not too usable, I would deduct a star. Main advantage triple minutes. Not happy, too many issues. Previous two tracfones were problem free will look to replace with different tracfone model.

I love this phone. The triple minutes are super useful.I say it's a little quirky because sometimes it calls 911 even if the keypad is locked. I keep my phone in my backpack so it's not too much of a problem. My husband keeps his in his pocket and he's had it call 911 a few times. It's also pretty easy to hit the browser button, but if you're not constantly hitting keys with your bum bum then you won't have a problem. I really do love this phone though, even with all the quirks.

I love the phone. I had a simple phone which I replaced with this one. It was a learning curve but not too bad. Tracfone has an online tutorial which was useful and I downloaded the complete manual. I wasn't sure how scrolling worked once I got that down the set up was easy for wifi etc.

I bought this phone for my son for Christmas.  It keeps dialing 911 even when the keypad is locked.  I called tracfone and they farmed me out to another country.  It was hard to understand them. In the end , nothing was done.  911 left a message on the phone to say they were going to quit calling this number. What if it was really an emergency! Get another phone!

Love it!  Only one "complaint", can't get it to connect to my router.  Plenty of great features on a well-priced phone.

Was hoping this would solve the problems I've had with the LG800. While it does receive much better in the presence of a wireless router and a computer monitor, it kept using minutes trying to connect with my email, so I had to erase that. Now I am afraid to try any online features. The automatic lock feature does not apply to trying to get online, apparently, and if there is no way to lock that, you can't protect your minutes. The keyboard is more complicated to use than I was expecting. I should have spent a little more money and gotten a phone with the sliding keyboard and better online savvy.

When I ordered this phone, it got here 3 days early! Great shipping.  I had it it set up and running in 5 minutes; I transferred my number and minutes from my old tracfone. What they should include in the title of this phone is that it gives you free minutes! I had 63 minutes left on my old phone and when this one was activated, it said I had 450 minutes! The wifi works great, but sometimes won't load a page, you just have to go back and click it again.you can get apps, like Facebook, which isn't the best, Google, which works great, and others. But if you want game apps, this phone is not for you because it only does java apps, but its great for me because I have a tablet anyways. And I paid $30 for my phone on here, which is $20 cheaper than anywhere else. Hope this review helped!

Like the triple minutes and the phone having loud ringers butthe phone did not have the ability to connect to my work wifi and I didn't like how easy it is to hit the browser button on the home screen and start using minutes...the phone has  a password feature that you can set to check messages and email so you don't accidently use up minutes but  no password feature for the browser.

The phone is pretty good.  It will pocket dial 911 though.  This option cannot be disabled so a case is a must.  Other than that it functions as it should.Tracfone service is good once you get everything going right through the customer service.  This phone comes with triple minutes.  I didn't get the triple minutes with my first minute purchase.  When i signed up for the monthly auto payment, that did not get applied correctly either.  Had to spend a lot of time with customer service on the phone.  Finally got a good member of the staff via email.  They Finally got it working out.

i had a Tracfone, but need a new one. It was very easy to transfer my number online. I love the triple minutes, plus the wifi. It was very easy to set up the wifi. The phone over all was very easy to set up. I had  theSanDisk microSDHCTM 8GB Memory Cardfrom my previous phone and put some music on this phone. It was very easy to connect this phone to my computer via bluetooth and transfer the music on to the card, the music is nice on my phone. Over all I have been very pleased with this phone.

Normally I am very pleased with Samsung's products, so naturally going into this purchase, I felt quite confident. A few minuets after I activated this phone, I realized it had one major flaw. It does not alert you when you get a text message. Seeing as how I mostly use texting to stay in contact with my family and friends, you can imagine how big of a deal this is to me. Tomorrow I will be returning this phone. It was a waste of my time and money.

The good:I like the form and I love its features.  I was on the net via my home wireless network in two minutes - honestly!  I get great reception OUTSIDE.Now the bad:I have tried three times to get my time and minutes transfered to my new phone to no avail.  Tracfone has lousy customer service.  I get terrible reception INSIDE - it has 1 or 2 bars when my old Tracfone is getting 4 sitting 1 inch away.If I can't work these problems out I may have to dump it.

I just thought I'd add my review to the others that have complained about this phone accidentally making emergency calls.  I pulled my phone out of the side pocket of my purse (from the top edge) and noticed that it was dialing an emergency number. I hung up hoping that the call hadn't gone through. After making my call the phone rang.  It was emergency help wanting to know if I needed them.  (Just in case this should happen to you, after my apology they told me that if this happened again I should let the call go through and stay on the line to let them know that there's nothing wrong.  Otherwise they have to call back or send a car.) This accidental call alone, and apparently it's happening right and left according to the reviews I've read, is reason enough for me to stop using this phone.  I've already arranged to reactivate and start using my older phone.

This is the best pay as you go phone I have seen! It is really easy to text on,  I like the size & it doesn't feel like the phones you buy in  the dollar store (a cheap plastic toy phone) I love only paying for what I use & still have a dependable phone!

It really is a nice phone, easy to handle, comfortable. I like the scroll button, once I got used to it. I have had a problem with the browser and have been in contact with tracfone. They put some codes into the phone and said give it a chance. Well, now it's too late to send back the phone and it's still not fixed!The problem: I will have the phone on LOCK, wifi is OFF, NOT in browser, phone is sitting, yes sitting on my desk not in my hands, and it will deduct minutes frequently and say login failed. If this could be fixed and I could get clear, easy to understand directions ( for dummies) on setting up and using the browser/wifi than I would problably love the phone.

I kept this item  too long or I would have returned.  I called Tracfone. They were no help.  The phone would shut down saying no service. Tracfone says I live near a tower and there was no reason for phone to not work.  They did things to try to fix it.  It still did ot correct the problem . They would not admit that the phone was defective. I had to buy another phone.

I don't really have money to burn so I was spending way too much money on a prepaid, monthly. The triple minutes make this one cheaper. For under 20 bucks it's a great phone the charge lasts for three days. Yes it pocket dials the police. It did it to me twice while I was moving. If you take a tiny drop of superglue and put it to the left of the zero button, this stops happening. When you need to press zero just press a little more firmly.  Either that or keep it in a case. It's smarter to have a dumb phone than a smartphone. Phones are for phoning.

Just got this in the mail! Very fast and the phone was awesome! It's waaaaay better than the samsung chat. KEEP IT UP!

I have been trying for 10 days to get my old phone number and service transferred over to the new WiFi phone.  As soon as I got my phone, from Tracfone.com , they told me I needed a new SIM card.  After 3 days of complaining they managed to get my service and number transferred without the new SIM card.  2 days later the service deactivated somehow.  I called tracfone again and they said again. I need a new SIM card.  After hours of complaining they said that they took care of the problem and the phone would be activated again.  It is 5 hours since my last call and my phone still has no service.  I recommend not buying this phone or any phone from tracfone until they get their stuff together.  I sure hope they read this.  I have used tracfone for 11 years having the same phone number for maybe 8 years.  I have never had any trouble upgrading my phones before.  Don't know what happened to the service I used to depend on and brag about, but it is no longer there per my experience. 9/11/2012

The phone worked a day, then died completely. A day later, it came back on, but none of the wi-fi connections would work. It would not let me remove them to add new ones, even when I performed a factory reset. As I said in the title, a real pile of schitte!

I've had this phone for three months and it has accidently called Emergency numbers (000 and 112) while in my pocket. This has happened six times even while the phone is locked. The Sheriff came ove last night to see what the problem was. How embarassing, I will be getting rid of this phone as soon as possible. Don't know if it's a NET10 problem or Samsung S390G. I hold both accountable and will try something else.

It's not a smart phone but for what I paid for it. $19.99. I cant complain. I've only had it two days but so far, The swipe scroll button was hard to understand at first but now its easy. Camera works great. The phone and texting is great. Wifi is so-so that is why I only gave it four stars. Mp3' players works and it uses an sd memory card which helps out a lot. I also like the fact you get triple minutes. But i wish you could buy $10 worth of mins instead of $20. Havent had any problems with my phone randomly dialing numbers and it is always locked until I unlock it. I'll come back when I have had it  a few weeks and let you know how it is working.One tip to get numbers instead of letters you have to hit the alt button for each number. so it would be like this. alt 7 alt 5 alt 3 alt 9.

Have had phone several months and it works fine.  The buttons are very small of course and hard for me since I have large hands, but I have got used to it.  Better than the touch screens that don't respond half the time like my other TracFone was.I edited this review because I've had the phone several months now and experience the same inconvenience others noted about the fake 911 calls.  I even purchased a belt holster for the phone but it still dials 911 at will; very annoying.  Plus I also have the browser problem.  The phone will dial into the useless fake Internet browser and eat up minutes until you notice what's going on and end the connection which can cost you an hour or more of wasted minutes.Now I just leave the phone on my desk or in my car because I'm afraid to carry it anywhere.  What's the use of that?I edited the review AGAIN because I wanted to alert you to another problem.  The phone will also connect to the Internet Browser through your phone service and use up all your minutes.  When I transferred my minutes from my old Tracfone to this one, I had 2,200 minutes built up.  I probably use about 100 minutes a month, and after 9 months, the phone has eaten up 800 extra minutes just by calling 911 and/or connecting with the Internet Browser.  I am sure this is why the price has dropped from $38 down to $19 now.There is a comment here that I only saw today that says to dial in a couple of numbers and THEN allow the phone to lock & these problems will not happen.  So I will try that and see how it works.  Because otherwise, I am very disappointed in this phone.

Everything seems to function most times but this phone glitches out more than any phone I remember(and I haven't taken it swimming yet). The wifi is nice, doesn't charge minutes. I think it charges minutes by data used for web, so email is ok but pictures and adds or buttons or logins eat time. The fact that everything works  is why i gave it as a high score. To pocket dial emergency it just has to type "000" and "send" even with the keypad locked, and its somehow easy to do. I must have called 911 20 times from my pocket. I went from carring in an empty pocket to changing pockets to not carrying it. That is unacceptable for me so I have to buy a new phone.So close to a just under great phone, and the 911 issue.

Much too complicated to operate, sorry I ever ordered it. Volume much too low & cant find out how to make it louder. Not able to text & send or take photo & send. Comes without any operating instructions. If I am not offered a refund,  I plan on trashing this phone & buying one that is user friendly!

This is a great phone. The keyboard makes text messages easy. The phone has a productive set of features, address book, calendar and a note book to name a few. I even found "Voice Commands" hidden in the applications. Text Messages are free if Wireless is available.My only complaint is even though the keyboard locks out, the on off button doesn't allowing the phone to be accidentally shut off. This is a good phone at a great price.

The phone is an upgrade from my previous lg phone.  I can text with this phone.  The bad.  It seems to turn on too easily while in your pockiet.  The telephone numbers are way to small to be seen on the key board.  The good.  Screen is bigger and the phone seems to be built solidlly.

I am a longtime Tracphone user and I recently purchased this phone directly from Tracphone.  I get &#34;No service&#34; on the screen most of the time and after talking to Tracphone's customer service in India on 6 occasions trying to resolve this matter, I can say that they don't seem to know what in the wide world of sports they are doing in regard to this phone.  Needless to say, I will be getting a different phone and a different carrier.

Sorry but on a feature phone like this the &#34;optical trackball&#34; is more of a frustration than a help. Phone is OK but it would be my last choice.  LG 500 I have used is much better.

I bought a Samsung S390G in February. The phone was supposed to be WiFi capable. It wasn't. (Yes, I set it up correctly.)Let me tell you something about Tracfone: their customer service sucks. Big time. I spent two hours on the phone with a young man who did not know how to fix my phone. Finally, he gave me another number to call. You need a PIN to get service from that number--apparently they don't want just anyone calling up and bothering them with minor details like "Your phone doesn't work as advertised and your customer service reps don't know what they're doing."So I called the new number. A very smart woman (the one person at Tracfone I've dealt with who was knowledgeable and efficient,) told me the phone was borked and they would send me a new phone. After I got the new one set up I was to return the old one to them.The new one didn't activate correctly. I was left with two deactivated phones.Two attempts to fix the problem (dealing with bored-sounding people who mumble so that you can barely understand them,) and somebody determines the new phone came with the wrong SIM card.I lost patience and said I was returning both phones to them and I wanted my money back for one of them (by this time the "Return Window" on my original Amazon purchase had expired.)Meanwhile I'm out my prepaid minutes, but oh well. At this point I just want to be done with Tracfone for good. Seriously, one defective phone and the replacement came with the wrong SIM? And (with one exception) execrable customer service? Heads up: give Tracfone and their products a pass.

this phone has a lot of features and few instructions. the keys are small and many of the symbols are cryptic. the included manual is not sufficient. no tutorial was available online. even the online 'complete' user guide from samsung was not complete. i'm still trying to figure it out.

Pretty to look at. Screen visible in full sunlight unlike my last Tracfone. Ring not loud enough in locations with moderate background noise. You have to turn Wi-fi on before operating browser or minutes are gobbled up. Love the keyboard. Easily loaded with my tunes via bluetooth. Don't forget to download the manual from Trackfone. Battery life good.

Overall, this phone has served its purpose.  Love the triple minutes feature- just wish I could access more games for my son.

I bought this phone 2 weeks ago and hate it!  It is very hard to use and navigate.  You have to have a SUPER delicate finger to scroll any area of this phone.  It is so sensitive.  I am so glad that I only paid $19.99 or I would be furious.

tracfone ripped me off and took my phone number and assigned it to someone else.  I will no longer pay them a cent more for their service.  When my time runs out on my tracfone, I will throw it in the river.

Very happy with the phone except the keyboard is kind of small. Also the instructions aren't the best but I'm learning by trial and error. Love the idea of triple minutes

Phone starts web browsing & calls 911 even when locked, burning up minutes you've purchased.  Every action takes excessive number of steps.  For example, cannot dismiss the alarm clock without going in & actually recoding the alarm.  Have been using phone for 6 months.  Over 20 yrs I've had many .. this is, hands down, the very worst.  Absolutely avoid!

Don't do it.  The ONLY thing I like about this phone is the keyboard, but you have to be careful that you hit the space bar in just the right place, or you will get a period along with that space.  Also, it auto corrects, which is a pain for those of us who know what we want to type and are capable of tying it on our own.  I have had more texts  that have not gone through, than with any of the LG phones I've had in the past, and STILL get charged minutes for them.  I've had several occasions where I've had calls fail in places that are definitely in coverage areas.  The only quick way to make a call is to dial the number. Using the contact list or speed dial list takes several steps.  Even to use the voice command, you have to get to that menu pick first. As with ALL tracfones, they have placed the browser button in a position that will have you logging into the browser unintentionally and if you don't notice that you've done it (like if you toss it in your purse and the browser goes on), the minutes just tick away until you realize and shut it off. The menu is user UNfriendly and the display is so small and squished together that you cannot put a picture as your background, or you won't be able to read it.  Granted it was only 30 bucks, but I wouldn't pay 5 bucks for this phone.  Please...do....not...get...this...phone!!!!

I use this cell since week now and i have tell that is the best so far from all the prepaid option.I think that samsung did great job with this model Wi-Fi works grat and 3G on board.Just a good phone

The Samsung SGH-S390G Tracphone is a great choice for someone looking for a cell phone to use for talk & text and does not have to have the phone stuck to there face 7-days a week 24 hrs a day.  It is not a smartphone!  If that is your need, you should look for something else.  I switched from a shared plan with one of the major carriers that required extra fees for text and data, whether you use it or not.  This phone comes with triple minutes for as long as you own it. What ever minutes you purchase for it triple when you add them. I added a 50 minute value plan that automatically adds the minutes to the phone monthly. That gives me 150 minutes a month for $9.99.  The unused minutes carryover to the next month.  Many other minute combinations are available to customize to your personal needs.  The phone uses the minutes you purchase for Talk/Text and Data.  NO EXTRA FEES FOR TEXT & DATA.Cons:  1)Qwerty keys are small and a bit close together, but are much better than the virtual keyboard I had with my previous phone. 2)It took nine days to arrive:  This was slower than other Amazon purchases I have made. 3)Had Activation issues that required calls to TracPhone support.  The phone had to be activated manually, purchased minutes would not download to the phone, and voice mail would not connect.  Tech support quality was sporadic. Tech support Connection times varied from seven minutes to one and a half hours. Support appears to be outsourced.  Heavily accented English sometimes hard to understand.  Out of the four calls I had to make I would rate three techs good and one poor.  TracPhones #1 priority appears to be sales and service is definitely it's second priority. The phone is now working great! It meets my needs perfectly.  Coverage is good, this phone is a great value!  Use the WiFi to connect to save your minutes if you download music or ring tones!  I recommend this product.

I have been using Tracfone for close to 10 years now. I wanted an updated phone. For me, this was it. Triple Minutes for the life of the phone, free built-in Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth.  If you're not looking for the smartest phone on the block, and you don't want any contracts, this is a great alternative. The only draw back is you can't use Apps with this phone, or any tracfone that I am aware of. One last issue I see, is the browser. You get charged minutes if you use it outside of the free Wi-Fi. And the button for the browser is in a BAD location. I have accidentally hit it several times...30 seconds deducted each time while trying to exit it. Aside from that, this is a great deal in my opinion.

This review gives one star, since zero is not an option, for BOTH THE PHONE AND THE PROVIDER - TRACFONE.Pros: Nice screen, really nice keyboard for texting and entering data.Cons: Camera is HORRIBLE - may as well not be there at all for indoor pix, tho I haven't tried in bright natural light. Too many other cons to list but some are:There is no option to turn off phone confirmation sounds for example saving a contact or changing a setting. Only thing you can do if you want to mess with your phone in bed at night without keeping partner awake is go to Silent Mode. Good luck remembering to turn back on normal mode when you're done. I've NEVER had a phone before that didn't have an option for turning off phone sounds without silencing the entire phone, but then I've NEVER had a phone with an operating system this spread out, confusing, non user-friendly, nonsensical and just plain stupid and burdensome. I have some old free Motorola phones from 12 years ago that were easier to use. And actually still WORK - see further on down about that.The track/scroll/touch pad, which, having come from a phone that had a scroll/push-to-select button I'm familiar with how they work - sucks. It is alternately too sensitive and not sensitive enough. So with a light touch it doesn't move at all and using just a little heavier touch moves it past the entry you're trying for. What a POS. You can avoid some of its use by learning to use the numbers on the phone and the volume-rocker to navigate menus - it's in the user manual. Tho it's not real clear, you can figure it out -unlike a lot of stuff in the manual, which is sadly lacking in both clarity and subject matter.There are two options for message alerts (think they're under Messages/Message Settings? Hah! Think again!! You want Settings/Sound Profile/Normal (or choose one)/side scroll to Messages, down-scroll to Message Alert Repetition, click to Change and choose from Once or Periodic.) If you choose Once that's exactly what you get, and must rely on the icon that's left near the top of the screen to know you have an unread message or unheard Voicemail if you don't want to View or Dial immediately and forget after you've clicked out of the alert. If you choose Periodic, then, after the original alert which comes with whatever sound you chose but no flashing or anything for Silent mode, if you don't View or if you Exit the alert then it makes your sound approx every 2 minutes til you View the message. If you Exit without viewing a text message it leaves a certain icon at the top of the screen so you can see, if you know to look there, that there's an unread message should you look at your screen inbetween the time you Exited the Alert and the 2 mins when it comes again.  These alerts continue for ? length of time until you've Viewed your message OR DIALED VOICEMAIL. Yup, the setting applies to Voicemail, too, so if you're like me and ignore calls from numbers you don't recognize, or would rather just call a person back than check voicemail, you still need to call Voicemail to get rid of the alerts. If you have a landline you can call from it to avoid using minutes, but I don't like being forced to choose between mandatory voicemail calling and the only alternative, ONE message alert.When you create a text message then you need to press softkey Sendto which takes you to a Add Recipients screen where YOU HAVE TO ENTER THE PHONE NUMBER. Not type in the name of a contact, but actually type in the entire phone number. If you want to add from the contacts list you get to press Options/Add Recipients and then touchy-pad crossways to a submenu containing several items, touchy-pad down to the fourth one which is Contacts,click on that which takes you to a Contacts list and you choose one, softkey Done or Add and it's done!  Simple, huh? NOT.  You can avoid this rigmarole by using Contacts which in its options for a selected contact has "Send Message".If you want to add a cc: or bcc: you use "Change Recipients" :oMessage lists scroll endlessly and you don't know when you've reached the end or beginning of a list because the dates don't show and the list doesn't stop; it just continues in an endless loop. There are sort options but though you may choose to sort by date (it's the default) the date doesn't show. All that shows is the contact name and the first few words of the message. So keeping track of what you sent when to whom using the sentbox folder is impossible. Not to mention that if you click on a sent message to refresh your memory what it was about, it automatically populates a Create Mesage box with the text from the already-sent message, with no easy option to cancel. To avoid sending this unwanted message you have to go to options and scroll down 6 entries to cancel and then push that. Or you can always push End button to get out of the entire application and go back to the Home screen and start over. Lovely :\Under the menu item for Messages a submenu entry (you would think since it's among other submenus) is Voicemail. But if you "click" it, it immediately dials voicemail, costing you minutes unless you're really quick with the End button - despite the fact it's nestled among other menu entries that, when you click them, take you to more options.Creating a contact has no way to set a different default for the available fields you'd like to have. You can choose, through a cumbersome process, to add more fields (like birthday, fax#, URL, etc.) but the default which can't be changed has only first name, last name, cell#, landline#, email, group, picture, ringtone and a note. If you want to put A FREAKIN ADDRESS for cryin'out loud (or anything else not in the default fields) EVERY TIME FOR EVERY CONTACT you have to choose options/add more fields then use the extremely dysfunctional and touchy trackpad to choose a tiny icon from a long line of other tiny icons representing the available fields.  :|  Not sure when I wanted to throw something out the window in a worse way.If you want to delete a contact the confirmation screen doesn't specify the contact that was selected, just confirms you want to delete. So you have to be vewwy vewwy careful with your touchy-pad that it didn't slide up or down from the contact you hope you chose.I can't comment on the call quality or web browser or wi-fi because, firstly, the phone arrived defective and making a call disallows you hearing who you called or them hearing you; the sound breaks up, rendering the phone completely unusable for making or receiving a call. Also the reception bars constantly alternate, sitting with the phone in the same place and position, from 1-3 bars and No Service. Removing and reinserting the battery with phone both on and off has had no effect. Tracfone is happy to send a replacement...in 3-5 BUSINESS DAYS, leaving me without a cellphone for probably at least a week. No amount of cajoling or threatening could change it, either. I told them it was stupid to create an extremely unhappy customer just to save a few bucks on shipping but that's what stupid is - nonsensical. I wasn't mad at Tracfone for the phone being defective or generally a POS; that happens. Sometimes defects just are present in an item and/or you just hate the way it works even though you spent three days reading reviews on the item before you bought it. The stuff that bothers you wasn't IN the reviews. I understand this and don't blame Tracfone for it. But leaving me cell-less for a week over THEIR defective product? THAT I BLAME THEM FOR and boy am I pissed. Secondly, and re the web/wi-fi, I haven't messed with it because I am flat out of patience.This is the only Samsung phone I've had but I'll sure hesitate to try another one. There are more stupid, time-consuming, burdensome, cumbersome and ridiculous  things I hate about this phone but I'm done with a capital D -for now. I would NOT recommend this phone for a friend but it would make a great gift for an enemy if you had some way to force them to use it.

Phone:  Functions mostly fine (sound, etc) but has a couple significant problems.  The keys are sensitive -- &#34;unlock&#34; does get punched despite the keys facing outward in my pocket.  I have called 911 once (which is the &#34;1&#34; speed dial on every cell phone) and pulled out my phone to find other buttons punched at other times, including the &#34;browser&#34; which will, of course, drain all of your minutes.  I also hit &#34;reject&#34; on a phone call at a dinner party then shoved it quickly back into my pocket, only to find later that my friend who called subsequently listened to ten minutes of my conversation before hanging up because it apparently answered when I put it back in my pocket.  I guess at least it picks up sound really well.  If you get this phone, get one of those contraptions to carry it on your belt so buttons aren't getting hit.  I had a slider phone before which never had that happen in my pocket.  As far as texting, I do like the spacing of the keys, though sometimes when I hit the space key, it gives me a period.  So I guess that sucks too.TracFone: I resisted going TF for a long time before giving it a shot.  I should have stayed away.  The first phone I bought was a basic slider that did not have an rca input for a corded hands-free device!  Guess they just figured everyone goes Bluetooth.  I called customer service about it (outsourced, of course), which took forever to get through, and the guy assured me they make headsets with the 1/4 inch wide input head (same as the charger head).  Maybe in south Asia.  Absolutely crazy.So I got another phone, the one that has the problems mentioned above.  I went to their website to sign up for the $10 monthly plan and automatic renewal.  Every time I filled in the info and hit submit, it just kicked me back to the same screen!  How the hell does this company stay in business when you can't even buy more time on their website!?  So I went to the store and bought a 60 minute card, which put 60 minutes on my phone despite my phone being triple minutes for life.  At least this time it only took a few minutes to get through to customer service.  He manually put them on, but while I was on the phone with him, I got two texts from tracfone that each charged me to open them up!!!!!  Holy ripoff here, batman!  That was the final straw.  I'll use these minutes, then I'm done with Satan, I mean, TracFone.Additionally ... TF advertises three texts per minute of talk time.  They don't tell you certain texts from certain types of phones -- smart phones and some picture/video messages -- get charged the full minute or more!  And the Browser button is, of course, the default top right button on the phone, meaning it is easier than hell to accidentally hit it, especially when that button was &#34;contacts&#34; on my old phone.  Maybe there's a way to deactivate it.  Obviously set up to have people accidentally hitting it.The one upside is that both of the phones have come with a hundred or more minutes on them, which was not advertised.  Nice surprise.  Not enough to make up for all the crap.  I try to be understanding but it's been too much stupidity to just write off as an isolated bad experience.  Do yourself a favor and try another company.The ironic thing is I've had great luck with Net10 over the years, and they are owned by TracFone now.  They must have left Net10's management intact, because they're worlds apart.  My wife has Net10 and loves it, and that's where I'm going next.

It wasn't explained very clearly that if you run out of minutes you have to do a whole reset so the whole idea of using it as leverage for my teenager was lost when he ran out of minutes and I gave him a phone time out-didn't want to basically have to reinvest in start up fee's

I bought this for a son who struggles to keep his phone bill paid. He was thrilled and I thought the triple minutes was good value.

have used it and it has many wondrous features . If you do not use phone much it is really inexpensive. wilth the triple minutes it is well priced.

I would LOVE this phone if I could shut off the SOS. It has not happened yet. But I tested it. I had it locked and puched a few keys. It went to SOS.  I feel like I have to watch my phone to make sure it doesn't call 911!!If you could lock it and not feel like your going to call the PO PO. I would be a great phone.

As a Tracfone User I find this phone to be above most of what they offer. Wi Fi works great most of the time. Had a few hotspots that I could not connect to, but most connect fine. No auto connect feature, but it only takes a second to manually set it. I would suggest to download a second browser (Opera, etc) as I found it helps get hooked up to some hotspots better than the OEM browser. Yes it will dial 911 when 000 is pressed when keyboard is locked. I bought a hard rubber cover that is raised above the keyboard and seems to have taken care of that. Don't know if this would help if carried in a purse or backpack though. Camera works fine. Of course it is a phone, and that part works good. This is definitely a good option for someone using a Tracfone type phone plan.

I bought this phone despite the numerous 911 pocket dialing review warnings. A few people were even reporting it dialing in a case. I wanted to love this phone. It had some cool features for a Tracfone. I love Samsung. And, being the clever fellow that I am, I assumed that most of these silly complaining people were putting their phones in skin tight pants pockets.Nope. How about putting it in my suit coat pocket? Or putting it in my dress shirt pocket? Or how about just picking it up from the table. Do you want to call SOS?The minute I had it charged and ready to go, it was pocket dialing 911 to beat the band. Do you want to call SOS?One Amazon reviewer, God bless him, loves this phone so much that his "fix" is a case, a piece of cardboard, and rubber band. Why would you put yourself through that hell? This is not a minor issue. 911 has better things to do. It's a known problem and no one is fixing it. If this one issue were fixed, then it indeed would be a great little no-contract phone. But, read my lips, no one is fixing it and no one will be fixing it.Also... bought this phone because of the voice dialing capabilities... thought I could use it with my bluetooth device as a hands free voice dialing option. No. The way it works doesn't allow for hands free. I promise.If you don't mind having a phone that's constantly trying to call 911, this is a more than decent qwerty Tracfone. If they would fix it... then it would be a great Tracfone choice... and I would change my 2 stars to 4 stars.

Very  good  value.  Texting  is  great.  E-mail  is  great.  The  browser  stinks.Triple  minutes  for  life !!  Very  inexpensive  to  keep  in  touch.

A great little phone, internet available, messaging highly useful, keyboard takes some getting used to but actually works as well as a touch screen

Had troubles while using wi-fi where it deducted minutes. Searched online and similar troubles were resolved. Make sure that the wi-fi is in fact enabled and the icon appears on top. The only poor design which is probably no fault of Samsung is the lack of option to change out the Browser menu option to something else... for example, the Voice recognition feature (have to go through a few clicks to get to it when it should easily be accessible for quick dialing). If you're the type that likes to watch videos & movies on your fone, mp4 files play flawlessly (to my amazement. didn't think you would get such a phone from Tracfone). The Motorola EX124G plays videos as well but annoyingly skips every 5 seconds or so. The ability to have a 32GB card is awesome and can get 'em for under $20 bucks. As far as sound quality, loud and rich. Tracfone standards have just been raised and would highly recommend the Carrier as well as this fone!!! 5 stars outta 5. I usually take out a star to leave room for improvement but the Browser button option can easily be fixed if certain hands were untied.Update: On a full charge, watched 2 full length movies (with headphones) and on the 5 bar battery meter, used up only 1 bar.

I bought two of these phones, one for my daughter and one for me after reading a must read review by a teenager who gave a very good review on its features. We my daugher and I both really like the phone. I had been using the most basic phone tracphone users can use, I liked it just fine but my daughters keep texting me and it was a pain to text them back on my old phone. This new phone has made texting much faster.Here is what we like and why:The key board is really easy to use. I have read the reviews about the period being a problem when using the space bar, but if you play around with it you will figure out where to touch the bar so it doesn't do that, on mine if you push to the center/left you never have that problem.The silent mode is really silent, no vibrating unless you put it on vibrate.Better reception then our old phones.I usually have trouble remembering all the "shortcuts" you can use to make navigating faster on electronic items, but I've been pleasantly surprised at how easy it has been to figure out and remember the shortcuts on the keyboard. If you go to the tracfone site they have a really easy to follow manual, but the phone is cheaper at Amazon.I've never had a camera on a phone before, also really easy to use. It also has a camcorder feature but I haven't use it yet.I like the calendar, you can actually add events.It has a tasks feature for all those things you need to do.It also has a memo feature, it is okay for quick notes but it doesn't have much space so be brief.You can browse on line but you may only want to do that through your wi-fi connect on the menu where there is free wireless to connect to, otherwise it will cost you and browsing can get pricey. You will know if you are browsing on the wireless if your signal indicator on your screen turns green. If it is blue you will be using your minutes/units. You can also download things from the web. I found some fun free screen savers for the holidays and downloaded them with no problems. I know there are some of you rolling your eyes, but since I haven't had a phone that would do that before I think this is pretty cool.The screen isn't a touch screen but the middle button is a scroll button, which makes it much easier to move around. Although sometimes it can be difficult to get it to stop where you want it, on the first try.Really the only thing I haven't liked about the phone is the browser button. I don't like that you can hit the browser by accident and be connected before you realize you are using your minutes. I try to remember to turn off the wi-fi unless I want to have internet access, but sometimes forget.If you want a really good review find the teenagers, her review is really the one to see.I would recommend this phone to anyone who wants some fun,useful and easy to use features on their phone.I would not recommend this phone if what you are interested in is a smart phone.

This is a jewel for me, and I love it.  I bought it for my birthday and my husband wanted one also.  We haven't had any problems with it. It's just right.  It does most of the things other phones do even better. Several people have seen it and theyhave made purchases.  I purchased a cover and a case.  You can't go wrong with a Samsung S390G Prepaid Phone.  Thanks Samsung our budget loves you.

I've been using this phone for a year & a half now. My daughter upgraded her S3 to the S4 and I am taking the S3 to use on her account as a second line. Im not a big cellphone user. An occasional call, a few texts a week...that's about it. 10 bucks a month as a second line. Anyway, the S390 has been a good phone for me. No real complaints other then these 2...  1)...the camera stinks. Can't post pictures to FB. I like to do this, sending pics to my son, daughter-in-law and grandkids in South Carolina. 2)...When the phone is in my pocket, it turns off everytime I squat or bend over! AND, more times then not, it connects to the browser by itself, using my minutes! And yes, it even does this when the phone is (supposedly) locked. Other than these 2 problems, the phone is ok. Good reception, good size and held a full charge for 3 days. The best part about the phone is it came with triple minutes. I transferred over 600 minutes from my previous tracfone and got 1500 minutes included with the purchase of the S390 from HSN. For the ENTIRE year & a half of owning it, I NEVER had to purchase any more minutes. I still have 200 minutes left, good until April 2014. For the price, you can't beat the value. One more thing...the phone has never dialed 911 like it has for many other reviewers. If it did, I would have definitely gotten rid of it after the second time. 911 MUST NOT be bothered with this type of nonsense!

It is a great phone.  BUT . . .  The keypad is too damn sensitive!  Even when locked out, the keypad will come unlocked & dial the &#34;sos&#34; code '112' which in turn will call the local 911 dispatch.  And since it will do this in the holster or pocket that you have it stored in, you will be totally unaware of this until they will call you back &#34;what is your emergency?&#34;.There is no way to disable this &#34;feature&#34;.Also the little nubby-pad used to navigate will change selections at the pressure of a mouse fart at twenty paces.  Trying to get through menus, or viewing texts is an extreme hassle to do without it flipping around all over. [read:  you get a text and try to scroll down to continue reading, and all of a sudden you are in an entirely different message OR menu]  Or while replying, it will select a different message[and addressee], and you will not know until AFTER you hit send.And the space bar will take over a week before it will stop double spacing [and giving you a '. ' then a capital letter of the next word typed [ex. This. Will. Be. What. Everything. Will. Look. Like. In. Everything. You. Type.] And even when it breaks in, I can only get a normal space if I hit it on the right hand EDGE of the key.OH, and make sure to only hit your righthand soft key once to back out to the menu, otherwise it will launch the browser and take two keystrokes to get out of.  This is another thing it will do in your pocket or holster to rack up time used.Otherwise it is a great phone once you get past the hyper-sensitive keys & the many piss poor coding mistakes in its programming, and extremely non-intuitive menus.  And, yes, after have to speak with the police five times in one day [two of which I wasn't even touching the phone or its case], I may sound bitterly negative.  But it actually is a good phone.

This is an excellent phone if you're going to carry it in a pouch or probably even a purse. Sadly, I don't like pouches on my belt and I don't  carry a purse. The phone has a nasty habit of dialing 911 or 000 while carried in the pocket. It's well documented across the web and numerous people have complained about it to Tracfone. I guess it's a safety feature, but you can't disable the emergency buttons even while the keyboard is locked. I have also had it hit the right combination to unlock the keyboard while in my pocket, then activate the web browser. I lost a quick hour of airtime that time.The phone does have wifi capability and you would be wise to use it when you can. Tracfone doesn't really document it, but this phone will bill about triple when using the cell signal or sending MMS messages. I guess that's the penalty you pay for having a 3G capable phone. The phone is Java based so there are apps that will work with it, but you have to do a lot of trial and error testing to see if the app will work. I've found that some do and some don't, mainly because there are hardly any signed apps for this phone. I still fat finger the buttons when texting but I do manage to get out a short text in less than an hour (just kidding), I'm just not a fast texter.All in all, it's a decent phone, for basic web browsing and texting. Just remember, it is a triple minutes for life phone and you'll need those triple minutes if you plan on doing a lot of web surfing and MMS texting.

I bought this phone through hsn including rear case, all chargers, and 1200 minutes. I have no signal at work, or home. I've had nothing but tracfone service, so I am able to compare it to previous phones where I was the one who ALWAYS have service. Not this samsung phone though. I had to do a lot of searching to find the easy way to text. Its still quite complicated, you have to go to menu, then contacts then select the first letter of their name, options scroll to send message, select then type your message. Theres a cute little message button on the bottom... use it scroll to create message, type, hit send to: type the persons first letter...and all that enters is the phone's symbol on that key, be it the number or quotation marks. So strange. Then, my least favorite part of this phone, is there is a sent box, but there is nothing in there except my unsent messages. There is no way possible to check whats been sent!My minutes are almost up, and I still want to stay with tracfone, but now I'm nervous. if they're updated their phones and this is suppose to be an improvement, what should I do? Get a more basic phone so I have good service and not as much searching to do simple things...

I ordered my phone without reading the reviews. After so much negativity been said about this Samsung, I was ready to return it unopened. And then my package arrived,I opened it,set it up and... and loved it! Everything works! Wi-fi is fast ( I have high-speed dsl at home,I can't say about random coffee shops,library and etc.) I was able to use all the websites featured there,including google,which was a problem for some of the reviewers.If you can't set up your phone,I suggest downloading the full manual from the Samsung website.Or just give it to someone with cool head to play with it and do it for you.About the &#34;fake browser&#34;-do you really think somebody will pay fees and royalties to Microsoft or anybody else to use popular browser for a twenty dollar phone? And yes,you can type there.Just explore the options.About the pocket dialing-my phone is behaving. I went to the extend to purposely rub it on  my clothes,to see if it unlocks.It didn't,neither opened the browser.If it does,I will update.About the ''hard to use menu''.I have owned 3 samsungs,it is the same menu and for me it is predictable.I am using all of my old accessories also-the micro-sd card,charger, usb cable and hands free from my old phone.I am very pleased.Apps-opera mini and facebook loaded easy(with the micro SD card).Tried google navigator and said it was too big.Overall,very happy with it!My 2 cents : always buy new one,you don't know what was erased or modified by the previous owner and have some patience setting it up...

I bought this phone because it had free 1200 minutes so I thought it must be a steal as basically the cost of the minutes itself would have paid off the cost of the phone. Anyway, I have recently changed to another phone. This phone has called 911 or emergency itself so many times. I left it on my pocket or on my bag, and I got many phone calls from state police asking me if I called 911. Same thing happened to my husband as he also had the same phone. This phone is a total flaw!!!!

This is my second Tracfone, I am very happy with the way it works, It is not as online friendly as I would like, but it does the job in most other aspects. The savings with the triple minutes is better then good and the WiFi works great.

better than my last phone wich was a touch screen  and i hate touchscreen phones reminds me of a blackberry  im happy with it

The Samsung S309G is one of the best Tracfones I've had.  And the triple minutes are a huge plus, the only problem I've had with the phone is that I cannot get it to connect to my new WiFi router.The only reason I gave it a 4 star rating instead of a 5.

First off, I want to say that in terms of functionality, this is the BEST phone I have ever had. It is the first phone I have had that has both a USB and microSD card that lets you load your own apps onto it - plus it has a large screen, a qwerty keyboard, wifi, and triple minutes for life. For 30 bucks I don't think you could possibly get anything better.The *one* problem with it is how easy it is to unlock the phone. There are two ways - one by pressing the left softkey and the okay button, which are right next to each other and could easily be mashed together if the phone gets bumped in your pocket. The other way is by pressing 0 three times and then either the left softkey or the okay button, which dials 911.This is a major inconvenience for me, because I like to keep my phone in my pocket and I don't want it coming unlocked or dialing random numbers without me knowing. I wish phones today came with an option to set a password for key lock that would prevent accidental unlocking from bumping the phone around. If I could lock the keys with a 4-digit number, I would have given the phone a 5 star rating. Seriously this is a stupid, stupid, stupid design flaw. Modern cell phones should come with this option as standard.

very happy with this Tracfone purchasephone has lots of features which I enjoyeasy to get to memory card makes it great

Hey, it cost 20 bucks and works everywhere for talking and texting.  Cost $7 a month for more minutes than I can use.  Bought one for a Christmas gift.

I ordered this phone here on Amazon and soon after activating it and transferring my phone number and minutes, I had a weird "black screen of death" as I like to call it.  It was a black screen with orange letters going on about an error code.  I could not get the phone to respond to me at all, then eventually, it would reboot itself and all was fine.  After this kept happening I got fed up and contacted Tracfone and they kindly replaced the phone for me.  My replacement arrived quickly and I sent back the defective phone.My replacement phone works great.  I love how slim it feels.  I like the keys and find it much easier to text with than the LG800G I had before. THe LG800G was dying and no longer covered by Tracfone so I needed a new phone.WiFi works great.  I have not had any major problems with it. You just need to activate the wifi and connect to a wireless network, otherwise you use your minutes to connect instead.  I was able to transfer files via bluetooth easily to and from my old phone, from my boyfriend's phone and from my MacBook.Pros:- Light, slim, nice qwerty keys, great for phone calls and texting, bluetooth works great, camera is nice, wifi works great. It is pretty sturdy. I have dropped it a couple times and it held up well. Triple minutes for life!Cons:- Sometimes, when I dial a phone number, the numbers change order randomly.  I have to scroll through to put them back in the order I need.  Odd glitch that only happens with certain number combinations. Very odd.- When the phone is locked, 911 is dialed if 000 is hit and then OK.  This setting cannot be changed.  I always keep my phone locked in my purse or pocket and have had my phone put calls into 911 at least 3 times from my purse.  I have had to call them back and apologize and am lucky they didn't get angry for the false calls.******************Update as of 2/20/13*******************I had way too many pocket or purse dials to the emergency line so I contacted Tracfone.  First, they didn't understand what I was saying and had me reset factory settings on the phone.  Then they said I needed to call them back when I had a 2nd line to go through troubleshooting steps.  I called them back to be told, oh this is a feature of the phone and it can't be turned off.  Isn't that what I tried to tell them in the first place? Ugh.  They said there was nothing they could do so I told them, it looks like I need to buy a new phone.  I am bummed because I really like a lot about this phone but I just can't deal with the quirk that frankly, can get me in a lot of trouble if I don't stop purse-dialing 911.

The phone itself could be ok if tracfone wasn't involved. They have the worst customer service ever!! The representative all claim to be managers. They took minutes from my Phone. If you ever have any issues you will be on the phone with them at LEAST A HOUR and then probably still wont resolve the issue!. TRUST ME. I have had 3 tracfone and safelink.

I have pocket dialed 911 3 times in 2 days with this phone, even though it was locked in my pocket. It unlocks way too easy, then when 000 or 112 are dialed, it calls 911. Amazingly, this sequence of events occurs too easily. Phone also managed to call my friend 12 times in a row, from my pocket. Also, the menu selection button is way too sensitive, and there is no way to change the setting. This phone is getting dumped !!!!!!!

I needed a phone to use in the US when I travel back from overseas, so I purchased this phone.  It has all of the functionality of a blackberry, is small enough to fit in the pockets in my purse, and charges quickly.  Tracfone has made it e xtremely easy to activate.  It gets good reception, and the fact that it has triple minutes, is exceptional!

There are a lot of nice features in this phone. However, I'm going to just mention one characteristic that, I'm sure, was designed to be a feature. But, in my opinion, it is a bug that makes the phone unusable. When the keypad is locked, random button presses can cause the phone to connect to 911. The digits "9" "1" "1" don't even have to be pressed in order. If the phone is in your purse or pocket, and buttons are pressed, the phone assumes you're an idiot/disabled and aren't able to dial the correct digits - so it assumes the worst and connects you to emergency services.Imagine my surprise when the cops showed up at my house after I'd only owned the phone two days. I checked my outgoing call log and discovered that I had unknowingly dialed 911 twice in the last hour. I live in a small town and had a compressor running. The cops got a general location and then looked for a house with construction going on.I've contacted Tracfone about this and they say it is a safety feature that cannot be disabled. I always carry my phone in a thigh pocket with nothing else in the pocket. They recommended getting a case/sleeve for it. So, I bought a pretty heavy duty case to keep it in while it's in my loose, front, thigh pocket. I've still had two random pocket dials of 911 this month. I'm not sure if I'm relieved the cops are ignoring my emergency calls now or not. I should be happy they're not fining me for misuse of the 911 system. But, if I ever have to dial 911 and can't talk to the operator, I know I'm on my own.Bottom line, I can't believe the FCC allows manufacturers to sell phones that misuse the 911 system. How many 911 services are getting bogus calls thanks to Samsung? Why is this "feature" even needed? The keypad is easy to unlock with two specific key presses in sequence. And, it doesn't require a password. If a stranger picks up my phone, needing to dial 911 when the keypad is locked, all they would have to do (without this feature) is press the two keys in sequence, that the phone prompts you for, before dialing 911. I've had lots of cell phones from other manufacturers that don't have this "feature"; so, it's definitely a Samsung thing.Fix this Samsung!

The Samsung S390G is a very nice phone.  Unlike the LG500G which often failed to send my text messages, this phone has sent every message with no problem. Yes, the space key adds a period if you hit it wrong, but just press it towards the left and it will be fine. Sure, I would love the biggest, baddest smart phone but I can't justify the cost. This phone really has a lot of nice features, which I am just beginning to find.  I set up Wifi with no problem thanks to Kelly S.--thanks Kelly. I also transferred my old number and minutes from my other tracfone without a hitch.  For mobile web, the phone works pretty well, but the screen is too small to see much.  Yet it did bring up my art website in full color which surprised and pleased me.  This is the most fancy phone I've had, and I am very pleased with it. Voice quality is good, reception is good, the voice recognition feature is fun, the search box in the contacts menu is lovely. Really, no complaints.  I'm having fun with this phone.  I'm surprised at the feature set in such an inexpensive device. I just got the phone a couple of days ago, so I have a lot to learn about it, but so far I've very happy with it.

not good for texting because the buttons are so smallSince it's not a smartphone, and we wanted a good texing phone, we got a slider keyboard model to replace this.

We have another keypad phone that uses a push button cursor rather than a scroll button and we like it better.  This scroll button is difficult to get to the right position.  Also the screen is very hard to see in daylight.  Worse than most.  Wouldn't buy again.

it's my 2nd phone and it's easy to use--nice for texting---minutes are used too fast--the last phone had a 1000min/month, which I didn't use, for $30/month. I thought this would be cheaper but 180 min isn't enough

The device went bad after 5 weeks.  Tracfone "charged" 300 minutes in order to change over to the new replacement.  No way to track minutes on Tracfone's site.Device communicates with my PC through "PC Studio", Samsung actually calls the program "NPS" for "New PC Studio" version 1.5.1.11053_3. About half of the features on NPS work.  Web Posting to Facebook does not work and PC occasionally kicks off NPS (the program is unstable) and you have to start all over.  For my telephone book, it offers enough contact fields enter a name, category, 3 numbers and a e-mail address, that's all, and does not match out all the fields available within the S390G.  The images stored on the internal memory may or may not exist, depending on which routine you are running.  Looks like you still have to go to the phone to attach face images to each phone number.I bought a cover for it for $3.58 delivered and also keep it in a recycled belt-loop holster.  But it still dialed 000 Emergency when I was reaching sideways to crank up the window on the other side of the car.  Apparently I was half-ways sitting on it with my hip and each oscillation from turning the crank pressed the buttons again and again. So I scrounged around the trash and found an empty, rigid plastic antacid bottle, cut the top off and the device just barely fits into it and put that into my holster.  That might keep the buttons from being pushed inadvertently.  So far that has worked.The camera isn't bad for a point and shoot and the adjustments are functional.  But it cannot take a picture of a business card, driver license, bar code, etc. Which came in handy with my previous smartphone when I was in a multi-car accident.  The camera does engage almost instantly by holding down the zero key and has come in very useful when you have to be quick about it and you're nervous to boot.  The video appears adequate, has good sound.  Used it twice so far.The downloadable Opera browser is very powerful once you spend time setting it up, and shows off the strengths (and weaknesses) of the device.  You can't cut and paste urls because the device isn't multitaskable but Opera helps out a little bit there for you.  Facebook has its own app designed for this type of device and works well.  The device has trouble attaching photos, have to keep trying and it eventually works.  Cannot preview thumbnails before selecting them, have to memorize the file name first.  All this should be done with a WiFi connection to save air-time costs.  WiFi will sometimes become disabled and I have to reset the device for WiFi to work again.I cannot comment on the messaging, e-mail or music features because I am not using them for now.  For my purposes it is really a phone with a camera and a few toys, which is fine because that pretty much covers what I had been using my previous smart phone for anyway.  Decent price for what actually works - which is not much more than their $15 camera- flip phones.  The best part is the triple minutes, keeping my air-time costs down to about $10/month with a 1-year minutes purchase.

Don't have much to compare it to since this is my first cell phone. Yeah, I know, where have I been? Well, AT&T finally made my decision to pull the plug on my land line by continually raising their prices. I was sold on this model because of the triple minutes for life and the wi-fi capability. I got the 1500 minute plan which makes my calls 4.4 cents/min. I've only had it two weeks so I can't predict on reliability but the phone works great. No problems activating wi-fi or installing Opera mini 7.1. The camera and camcorder are decent. I paid $27 for it which is a bargain considering everything it can do,

This phone is like many other cell phones that will dial emergency calls while in lock mode.  Samsung should accept responsibility and replace or send the owners of this phone a hard cover to protect the numbers from being activated while in lock mode.At first when you call Samsung about the problem, they act as if they have never heard of that before, even though there are thousands of pages on the web that prove other people have contacted them in the past about the known issue.Then they take the irresponsible way out and blame the phone service.That gives Samsung a bad reputation and removes credibility in their customer service and in their product name brand. It's pretty sketchy that Samsung makes cheap products with known issues and only to take it out on the emergency service companies.This phone should be recalled and they know it.There should be laws that stop this kind of device from being sold, Samsung is only putting other peoples life in danger by not fixing this issue.

I returned this item still a very good deal if it had worked properly, the text had some glitch and it put a period mark after every other word. Still in  all the phone has wifi which works great is afffordable and has amazon and tracphone guarantee so if it doesn;t work just  get another. It is also very fast in the net great facebook connection.Small screen.

I got this phone for my daughter and for the little bit of texting and calling she does, it is just right. My daughter is very happy with it.

I originally gave this a five star review, because the phone itself was an excellent value at $21 with triple minutes for life.  However, what I did not appreciate at first was that the absolutely useless browser is almost impossible to avoid activating inadvertently, and serves to drain off the minutes at a remarkable pace.  There is no way to disable it.  I bought four of these phones for my family before I realized my mistake. If there was a way to deactivate the browser, I would give this 5 stars.

just what I was looking for and affordable! Great Buy! Easy to opperate and setup was a snap. Tripple minuets made it worth the puchase!

I initially bought a touch screen LG but it couldn't send or receive calls at home. This Samsung phone has great reception and the call quality is exceptional.

I purchased this product 8 month ago and overall it's an OK phone.  Since I've had this phone I've ran into several problems using it...for example the center key (back in January I purchased the Samsung S125G and one of the things that I liked about that phone was the fact that  the center key was surrounded by a border which made scrolling up, down, left and right easy) unfortunately does not have this feature hence when you scroll either up, down, left or right you have to take you time so as to not hit the wrong icon.  In addition when it comes to sending photos/videos to your Facebook/Twitter account you have to send the photos/videos to your email address first then you can save them as a jps file which you can them download to your Facebook/Twitter account.  Bottom line the Samsung S390G is a reliable phone that's reasonably priced.

UPDATE AFTER 3 MONTHS: On the internet, MANY people report the Samsung S390G calls 911 when the keyboard is locked and with no human intervention. This was my experience too. My phone was sitting on a bench near me and the next thing I knew, the Sheriff was calling me to find out who made the call to 911 & what was the problem. I contacted Samsung and they point to TF.  TF does not believe there is a problem. TF agreed to replace the phone if it happened again but I cannot wait until the Sheriff calls again. TF customer service has been very helpful.  Samsung makes very good products.  Since others do not report the same problem, perhaps only some of the phones are bad. The price from the supplier on Amazon was much less than Walmart or TF. See similar feedback on Amazon, HSC, and chats.  Just Google S390G 911 problem.The WiFi is hard to set up.  The book that came with the phone had no directions.  The manual on the web was helpful with some content.  I set up my laptop and duplicated settings on the phone.  It now works.I replaced the phone with an LG840G.  More expensive but more features.  Too bad.  I was beginning to enjoy the S390G.

Pretty useless if you want to use the wireless you have very limited access to any site for the phone. Cannot get any access to help with it unless you spend minutes accessing help through the phone system and not be able to access with the &#34;wireless features.&#34; Browser appears to only have 5 areas it works in and none are useful if you want to access help and &#34;find&#34; it with the  phone. Very disappointed with this phone and will never recommend or suggest anyone use it for anything other than making a phone call. I am IT expert with tablets and computers. This is simply a phone built to spend minutes you purchase at a much higher rate than you might buy a contract phone for. But it's operating system is about 10 cents worth of a dime short of actually being ok. Makes a good light paper weight, and that's about it other than you can make it work someplaces

I wish I had checked into it further, but this is a GSM phone and I need CDMA.I returned it, did not order a replacement at the time but have since gotten the same model in the CDMA version and love it!

This is one of the best cell phones I've ever owned and at this price wow what a deal. I pay only 10.64 a month for 180 minutes.

I have an LG model which is very similar to this one.  I was disappointed that you cannot customize the sounds on this meaning:  no personal startup and shutdown sounds, no personal ringtones for family and friends.  The keyboard is not as user-friendly as the LG model and it's hard to find things such as symbols.  The center &#34;mousepad&#34; control is hard to use and it overly sensitive, racing past the things you try to highlight.  The texting function is extremely irritating and I refuse to text with it.  It puts periods after every word if you don't press the spacebar exactly right, and it has an annoying auto-correct function that you can't turn off.  I hate the camera in it, too.  You can't take consecutive photos because it assumes after each click that you are going to want to send it to someone and automatically pulls up that function.  Had it not been for the triple minutes, I'd say forget it.  The only thing I like about it is the big display.  You're better off getting an LG model.  It has loads of features and is very easy to use.  I've had mine for more than 2 years and am still loving it.

I like the phone, but Tracfone is a pain in the lower part of the anatomy. I had to waste hours of my life and repeated phone calls over four days to get my time and minutes transferred. This is the second time I had such an experience with this phone service. Great price on the service but terrible customer service.

I haven't had any of the problems with it no 911calls from my pocket  the spacebar is fine you have to use one side of it the Wi-Fi was easy to hook up

I had my number transferred to it from my old Tracfone, charged it for 5 hrs., as recommended and now I can't get it to work.  I don't know what to do.  Who do I call?  I have since then returned this phone and gone back to my old user-friendly (except for texting) flip-phone. I honestly think the new phone was defective.  I prefer to think that rather than I was too dumb to use it!

It's way better than my old phone, even if the buttons can get a little confusing. I have gone online without realizing it and once I accidentally dialed someone at 7 in the morning when trying to turn the alarm off.

Really an excellent phone with many features, although it can be a little tough on the setup. I complained about the wifi hookup along with a lot of folks. It  WILL work, and really flies once you figure it out. Get the set ID saved first. Then pull it up and look under options (details) and find out what kind of encryption you are hooking up to. Then save the password. If you garble the SSID you will have trouble erasing it. To erase, delete ALL the letters and then re-type the correct name in.I tour on my motorcycle and will probably be using a few of the web features for trips and looking up motels, etc. If you're a heavy user you may need to look at the regular smart phones and pay through the nose. Setting up email is a no brainer. The keyboard is nice and a little small but it works. The space key drives some folks nuts until they figure it out, as it will post a space and a PERIOD at the same time. The trick is to hit the LEFT side of the spacebar if you don't want the period in there as well. Lovely screen and nice battery life, this is a huge step up from the other Tracs. I had the LG800G and I hated the scrolling and the touch screen, this phone is far superior and as a real bonus the voice dialing works absolutely great. This phone is a real bargain for the casual user.

The S390G is probably Tracfone's most advanced phone to date. It is only one of two Tracfones with 3G capabilities (the other is theSamsung S425G Prepaid Phone With Triple Minutes (Tracfone)) and is the only Tracfone I know of with Wi-fi capabilities.  To be sure, only those people looking for any sort of data usage, such as web surfing, actually need these features, and Tracfone's data rates are not a good value for those who plan on a lot of 3G web-surfing. If your tastes lie with a cheap phone and you could care less about data, you probably don't need this phone, and if you want to stream YouTube videos and surf Facebook on the go you definitely need a different carrier. However, for those who just need occasional but speedy data access, this is one of the very few ways to get 3G data access for under $10 a month.I've been a Tracfone user for several years now and their phones have been, to put it politely, modest. This phone is not a true smartphone, but it is also not the "dumbphones" of Tracfone years past. It has decent connectivity options - Bluetooth and in addition to the aforementioned Wi-fi and 3G - and has a few other niceties like a microSD slot (I put a Sandisk 4GB in without trouble), voice activated dialing, a basic but functional camera, a mobile browser that does the job pretty well, and Java app capability that allows for a decent range of add-ons, including the Opera Mini web browser, Facebook, and an assortment of games. Tracfone's site actually sells a few nice games produced by designer Gameloft, including LEGO Batman, for about 50 minutes each. The interface is pretty easy to use, the touchpad and keyboard work well (including a spacebar that is actually two different buttons), and the OS seems to run pretty cleanly. Some have said the screen is too small for web browsing, but that is not my experience; it's Blackberry-sized and works well for the volume of mobile sites now out there.The phone is not perfect. Other reviewers, for example, have debated at length the phone's Wi-fi, with some insisting it doesn't work and others insisting the first lot is wrong. For me, the Wi-fi has proven somewhat temperamental, depending on the router. On my primary router, a Belkin, it at first it did not work at all, and after trying some of the suggestions online (including turning the phone and router off and waiting for a bit), I was able to get it running, although I'm not exactly sure what did it. Even now, though, it goes through bouts where it doesn't feel like connecting to that router. Conversely, I dug up an old Linksys router and that connects without trouble.  Likewise, when I'm out and about some wireless systems connect great and some won't connect at all.The Wi-fi is not a total disappointment - once it connects for me it runs smoothly - but it certainly isn't as flawless as it should be. Assuming you can get it running (be sure to scroll down to the password), the Wi-fi provides a way to play around with the phone without burning up minutes in the process.A couple of side notes about accessories. One, many have lamented the fact that there aren't very many options out there beyond the leather clip/pouch variety, which aren't terribly stylish or compact. After searching a while online, it does seem like this phone is of the same dimensions and design as the Samsung Cha@t 527 (S5270), and it actually has a few silicone and gel skins online, so that may be an option for those who want them. Two, there are car chargers out there but this phone has a micro USB port and will charge on a computer or, on newer stereos and cars, a car USB port.As I said at the outset, this isn't for everyone, but it has its niche. I'm a phone user that mostly has one for emergencies, but there are also those times when I am at a store and need to compare a price on Amazon or I need to find a nearby restaurant. This phone fits that bill perfectly.  Some Amazon and eBay retailers are also selling the phone with a year of service for at or even less than a year card alone, which makes this essentially a free upgrade for existing Tracfone users. That alone makes this worth a hard look.

I'm not ready to take on the monthly charges for a smartphone plan, so I still rely on a feature phone for voice, text, mp3 audio (mostly to listen to podcasts while commuting--I swear by a dedicated mp3 player for runs and longer drives), and occasional mobile web stuff.Good things:The email synching works really well. I hadn't had this option before with my old LG phone, and it's really nice to have these notifications delivered.The Blackberry-like touch-slider is fine, if a little twitchy. [actually, it's worse than that... see below.]Text and voice operation are all intuitive enough.Contrary to what some have reported, I've never had any issues with accidentally dialing 911, I have to assume Samsung's fixed that now.the wi-fi is handy, saves me minutes when I'm home.Now the bad:The mp3 player. I swear, I really wonder if the firmware designers have ever actually listened to audio when they design this stuff--my old LG was pretty terrible, and this one, while a bit better organized, has teeny-tiny control icons (RW, Play, FF) that are very easy to slip past when you used the slider control, and unfortunately that's the only way to get to it. Also, there's STILL no way to bookmark your place on a long podcast, and it tends to forget where you are if you stop the audio and come back. This is tolerable at best.Apps. I'm having trouble getting any PC to recognize the internal memory, so I haven't been able to copy .jar files to the phone. I guess I'll figure that out one day, and I'm not dying to have a whole lot of crummy little mobile apps aboard, but Facebook would be nice. (I can live without it for now.)I know I won't have this phone real long, probably another year of holding out and hoping that smartphone plans and hardware get a little more competitive. For now this feature phone will suffice.[UPDATE]Navigating through the menus, combined with a very slow response to routine stuff like an mp3 or message listing, via its touch-sensitive pointer, is proving a more serious frustration than I'd thought it would be. Can't really recommend this at all--I'm sure there are better feature phones out there for a similar price.

I liked the phone for a while until... This thing pocket dials all the time. Its favorite is 911. If it is in your pocket of your pants and you get in your car expect a phone call from your local 911 operator. You sit down and your pants start to talk to you, ops just call someone. Hey dont forget the browser button it is in a great location for, you guessed it pocket dial. Time does not stand still with this phone it gets eaten up faster than your triple minutes can keep up with. And now with telemarketers calling you cannot block numbers.This phone will meet its death with my driver, or it may be places under the wheel of my car. Yes that bad. Just remember most flowing reviews are paid for. This one is the whole truth.Its a wantabe but in the end its just a disposable phone.

I don't use a phone enough to justify buying an expensive plan/phone. I text a few friends randomly and then it lays around for a few days unused, so a Tracphone is really the only way to go. The triple minutes are definitely worth the buy. I like the keypad; the buttons are raised up far enough and spaced far enough apart that my big fingers can find the correct keys.The reason I only give it 4 instead of 5 stars is the browser. Not user friendly and kind of a hassel. I tried to use it to bring up Google directions when we were in a bigger city; it took so long that we drove around lost for awhile and burned up alot of minutes. I don't use it anymore. Otherwise, really like the phone. Has long battery life, nice screen, good for texting.

This phone has more capability than I will ever use, but especially like the loud ringtone and the ease of texting.  Photo viewing is marginal due to the small screen, but it's a phone, not a camera!

Had it less than a month, just fadded out n never came back. Junk. Garbage. Refuse. Excrement. Fecal matter. Trash.

I will try to keep this review short. I will be doing a lot of comparisons to my previous Tracfone model, the LG 500G.Pros:-Triple minutes-Bigger keys than 500G-Wider screen than 500G-Supports microSD cards up to 32 gigs-MicroSD card not located under battery like the 500G-Cheap-Scratch-resistant back cover with nice textured feel to it-Lighter than the 500G-Faster and more responsive than 500G-Slightly better camera than 500G (2MP vs 1.3MP)Cons:-No improvements to music player. Actually it's worse in some ways. I will elaborate more below.-Not as easy to send text messages on. I will elaborate more on this as well-Still has the browser button on main screen that you can accidentally hit, thus burning through your minutes without realizing it-No improvement on battery life over 500G-Touch-sensitive middle button can take some getting used to-Takes longer to start up than 500G-No navigation buttons (up, down, left, right buttons)-No preloaded gamesI was most disappointed by the music player. It displays less songs than the 500G (3 compared to 6), and you can't use the volume button on the side of the phone to scroll up and down pages. You can use the middle button to scroll up and down, but if you slide your finger to the left or right it will exit the library and force you to start over again. It can be really irritating if you have a larger music collection like me.Also, when you text, each key will only register when you take your finger off of whatever key you are pressing. The 500G registered when you pushed the key down making texting faster. Also, if you happen to press two keys at the same time, it will input two of the second letter you pressed. It's kind of confusing to describe but it is really annoying because you constantly have to delete text if you type fast.I also suggest turning the grid menu style off. It is the default and can be quite difficult to navigate if you are not used to the touch-sensitive style of phones. (Menu -> Settings -> Display -> Menu style).Overall I am disappointed with this phone. The two features I use the most (music player and texting) are harder to use and have less functionality than my previous phone. I was hoping for some major improvements over the 500G and in some ways it is, but in other ways it is a step backwards. I am still waiting for that one perfect Tracfone but it doesn't look like any manufacturer wants to step up to the plate.8/12/13 edit: So I am marking this phone down a star. It seems to like to stop getting a cell phone signal whenever it wants. It requires me to restart the phone in order to get my signal back. In an emergency situation, this could be very dangerous. Also it causes me to miss calls completely, often for hours at a time because I don't realize it's happened until I look at my phone. I simply cannot recommend this phone for this reason.

I would love, love it, but since Trac fone can't get their heads out of that eternally sunless place and set my account up right I can only love it once.Phone works great, reception is awesome, picture quality rocks.Wish it would set up message inbox differently - make date/times and new/read easier to tell apart.I'd tell you to buy it but then you'd have the same one I have :)

I purchased this phone as a Christmas present. Was then told by that person that they had already purchased a phone. The company was incredibly quick to mail out and refund the money. Very pleased and will purchasing more form them in the future.

I just use it for texting and calling when I'm not home. If u dont text or call often then I would recommend this phone.

There's nothing I love more than getting a new cell phone and then spending the next week or so trying to figure out how the hell to use it. Well, so far it's been a week, and I'm still not very adroit at using this thing. Even though I know now that pressing the space bar on the right side I'm going to insert a period before the space, I still manage to stick periods in the wrong place throughout my message. I'd love to meet the engineer who thought that one up!I've also learned to select my recipient before I create the message. If I do things the other way around, like I did on my previous phone, I can't seem to send it to my desired recipient, even though their exact name is showing in the recipient's window.It's supposed to have a "QWERTY" keyboard and I guess technically it does. But on the "QWERTY" keyboards I'm familiar with, the number keys are all on the top row. But not here. The number keys are arranged in a square pattern within the left side of the keyboard. If you need to insert a number in your text you must first press the "Alt" key twice then find the desired number key. Of course this shouldn't be much of an issue since numbers are rarely used on a cell phone.A really "cool" feature of this phone is the scroll bar beneath the screen (as opposed to being an integral part of the screen). This scroll bar is about a " high and maybe an inch-and-a-half long. So to scroll down you simply run your finger down the scroll bar. Of course, because of its small size, I inevitably scroll too far down and have to scroll back up, and then usually down once again to finally (if I'm lucky) highlight my target. Scrolling across works the same way, often scrolling past your target. Doesn't Samsung have devices with touch screens like everyone else? Do they really think this new touch pad is so revolutionary it's going to replace the touch screen. They may think so, but I don't.One of the reasons I purchased this phone is because it had a slot for a memory card and the description said it could be used for storing music, photos and "data". By "data" I thought they meant your phone directory. But I guess I was wrong. At least I can't figure how to do that. Maybe there's an app for that but since I don't think I'll have this thing for long I'm not going to bother looking for it.The first Samsung product I bought was a 27" TV (the old non-digital style). I liked it so well I purchased a smaller version for my kitchen. More recently I purchased a DVD recorder and a large screen HD TV, both Samsung brands. Now I feel like I want to stay away from Samsung altogether out of fear of what their idiot engineers will come up with next. Maybe a remote control that decides for the user what channels they want to watch!I'm in a quandary. Should I send this stupid thing back for a refund or should I do what deep down, I really want to do: smash it with a hammer? I now know why this thing was so cheap. They're trying to dump them. I hope this is a lesson learned for Samsung and that they stick with more intuitive designs. Oh well, it's a lesson I learned anyway.

It's not a bad phone. For the most part, it worked very well until it froze on me a couple times. The only thing with this phone is that sometimes, it doesn't lock all the way and you may end up butt-calling or pocket-calling the police [which has happened to me a lot and I had to explain that I butt-dialed them. How embarassing]. Also, it takes a while to get used to the small keys as well as the space bar to figure out how to text and whatnot. The wi-fi is nice but it won't work for password-locked wi-fi areas.

I keeps dialing 911. The operator has me on speed dial now. LOLThat is the only real reason I hate it. Everything else works great. Iteven dials 911 in my belt case. Every pocket I own has dialed 911.

This phone has some great features. I really like that is has Wi-Fi capability, and triple minutes. Now if I could only get a signal at home. It must only be on some of them, because I notice others not mentioning it at all, but there are a couple. And it is not my location or the Tracfone signal, as Samsung tried to tell me. I have two old LG Tracfones here that when turned on get full bars or just under that. This one i usually score one bar, and when on a call it cuts in and out, or I cannot hear the other person at all. Once in a while it will jump to two or three bars, never more than that. Even when I am outside in different locations, maybe three. I think if I were standing next to the tower I might get five. As for the screen unlocking and accidental dialing, I have never had that problem. Although I think I might take that over no signal. Oh and the voice command, nice feature, but it usually doesn't understand what I am saying, even though i did the adaptation.

I really wanted to love this phone because I really wanted the WiFi, but the tracpad was WAAAY too sensitive and the MP3 player made horrible scratching noises between songs when I used it with the auxiliary input on my car stereo.  I purchased the LG 530G instead and am very pleased with it.  I'm using the same micro sd card in the LG phone and have no problems with it.

DO NOT GET THIS PHONE! It pocket dials emergency services ALL THE TIME, even when the dial pad is LOCKED. We have repeatedly had to explain to emergency services upon them calling back due to the pocket dial, the issue with this phone. Its only by their understanding and patience that we haven't been fined due to this piece of junks defect design! Getting a new phone, advising that you not make the same mistake we did of getting this particular one.And its apparently a very common issue with this phone, very much wish we had looked up reviews on this model. We didn't think to as it was just meant to be a cheap phone for local calls. Won't make that mistake again.

got this as a gift for a friend because her phone was very old. now we can text and talk. she loves it and the convience of adding min. either with a card or on line is great. would definetly reccomend for any one.

I've seen others in these comments suggest that those who are experiencing the unintended emergency calls must be committing &#34;user error&#34; since &#34;it's never happened to them on their S390g's.&#34; This is faulty logic since (a) there are a great many competent-sounding people complaining of this problem, and (b) it stands to reason that phones with different manufacturing dates might not exhibit the same defects, which would explain why it doesn't happen to everyone. In any event, I can say with FULL CONFIDENCE that my S390G easily pocket dials 911 with no user error whatsoever. If I lock my keypad, dial &#34;000,&#34; &#34;112,&#34; or &#34;110,&#34; a message will appear saying &#34;Dial SOS?&#34; The left soft key selects &#34;Yes&#34; and the right soft key selects &#34;No&#34;.I repeat: THIS OCCURS EVEN WHEN THE KEYPAD IS LOCKED, and I am competent enough to know.I have resorted to carrying the phone in a bulky case with some extra stiff material protecting the keys. It's too bad, really, because I really like this phone otherwise. Calls have always been clear and reliable. I find the mp3 player very usable, and it works great with my bluetooth headphones (there's even equalizer settings to adjust sound preferences.) Opera Mini can easily be installed to enhance the browsing experience over wifi. I love the qwerty keyboard for texting.In conclusion, maybe you buy this and are one of the lucky ones who doesn't have to deal with the 911 issue. I wasn't so lucky.

We purchased this for our teenage son and it has been a great phone for him.  He can call, text and have internet service as well.  I highly recommend this phone for someone just starting out with a cell phone.

You may have configured your home /business router to use a MAC restricted access  list allowing only wireless devices whose MAC is on that list to connect to that network (WLAN).In which case, to connect your Samsung S390G as a WiFi device to this network, you need to know it's MAC address.Using the keypad enter: *#62209526#  as you would any phone number and the MAC address appears on your screen. Now you can add it to your router's list.Obviously when your're out and about using public WiFi networks there are no MAC lists.

It dials the police all the time I am really getting sick of this. It turns itself off about once a week.  The tiny mouse is very difficult to work> I think I may just throw this terrible device away.Not recomended

I've had this phone for about two months now. Twice, while in a loose pocket in my purse, the phone has tried to call 911. Yes, I had the keyboard locked. The only fix to avoid dialing is to pop the battery out while the phone is still locked. VERY ANNOYING. I called Tracfone about this and the rep was clueless.

I like this phone a lot but there are changes that Samsung absolutely must make:A.  They have got to stop the phone from calling 911 from your pocket, even when keyboard is locked, and even whileit is in a soft case.  Don't even think about carrying this phone in your pocket!B.  It is too easy to turn the phone on accidentally and trip on the browser costing many minutes.C.  Samsung's prudish text monitoring is not for me.  I'm 68, and if I choose to use a curse word, that's up to me, notsome Korean in Seoul who has little understanding of English slang.A half case made of plastic that covers the keys would solve the problem,  but such a case cannot be found. The 911 problem was a deal killer for me.  I expect the city to call me any day to tell me I have been fined for unnecessary use of 911.  I sent the S390G back and purchased the Samsung S425G as a replacement.  Too early to tell about the new phone.

Overall, I like this phone although the first one I purchased did have a problem in that the battery charge would only last about 1 day even when the phone was not in use.  Tried a new battery but that did not correct the issue.One big issue with this phone is that it seems near impossible to transfer the contacts from it to any other phone, or vise versa.  I spent days trying to figure out how to accomplish this, but was unsuccessful.  The directions in the user manual were not much help.  Searching the internet for some help lead me to many forums where other users were having the same issues.  So I've had to enter my contact list manually which used up a full charge on the battery because it took so long.  So I wouldn't recommend this phone for anyone who has a long contact list.

I bought to replace an LG touch screen which was awful for texting. This phone is great for that. Qwerty board is responsive & very usable. What's not great: there is no simple way to archive texts into a separate folder. It cuts off most texts if you try to forward them; you have to attach a photo to force it to use MMS which is ridiculous. And the memo function has never worked. The wi-if does work, though it's clunky. But, for the price & triple minutes, I'm reasonably satisfied.

The camera takes good pictures. The blue tooth is great. Buttons kind of close. Gets a better signal than LG phones. Triple minutes rule. No tracfones are that great for web. This one has wifi. Don't set up email or it will drain your minutes!

I chose this phone because many of my friends and coworkers text rather than email or phone. Unlike many other reviewers, I have had no issues with 911 dialing; I keep the phone in a case that fits properly. I was pleased that the design of the user interface is intuitive. I did skim the manual to get started, which I recommend. I don't travel much so don't require internet access from a mobile phone. The browser is slow, awkward and expensive but it's nice to know it's there. The triple minutes are great. I can use text and call features with abandon.

I got this phone in late August to replace a flip phone that wasn't getting good reception.  I thought it would be a bonus to have the wifi connection as well.  It has been an OK phone.  The reception/call quality is good, much better than my flip phone.  This wifi connection was very helpful.  I used the wifi a lot at first, but then got a tablet so don't need the wifi anymore.  The biggest problem I have with this phone is it becoming unlocked in my pocket (big coat pocket or side pocket of my purse).  Twice in one day I got a call from 911 saying that they have been receiving calls from my phone and do I need help.  How embarassing!  Having read that others have this same problem, I turned the phone off.  It is not very useful when you need to keep it turned off.  Otherwise, the phone was OK.  I just (late November) got an LG800 and hope that will suit me better. (Not the LG840 since I don't need the wifi connection anymore.)Pros: Good call quality/signal strength, wifi connectionCons: Calls 911 randomly, connects to internet when not intending to (which eats up minutes).

First and foremost, this is a Tracfone phone, and I would highly recommend that you use a carrier other than Tracfone. It was a pain to get my service switched from my old phone to this one, and their tech support isn't good at all. If you're thinking of buying this phone, you should check if other prepaid carriers use the same model (and remember than Net10 and StraightTalk are both owned by Tracfone).For the most part, this is a great phone. The first thing I noticed about it was its size and weight- this is by far the thinnest and lightest phone I've ever held. It's a good bit lighter than smaller Tracfone models, and it's about a quarter of the weight of an Evo Shift 4G. It's also very thin; it's barely 3/8" thick.The wifi antenna works very well (it seems to have an easier time finding hotspots than the aforementioned Evo Shift). The screen is fairly low-res (for the cost and size, it's worth it), but it's still easy to read. The menus are straight-forward; you'd be able to figure out most of its functions without a manual (which is good, because they don't send you one).That being said, there are a number of small issue that can be a real problem. Added together, they're bad enough that I knocked two stars off what would have been a five-star review:1) When the phone locks, it's unlocked by pushing one soft key, then the other. It turns out that it's very easy for those buttons to get pressed in the correct order in a pocket. Twice in the first day I'd owned it, I pulled it out of my pocket to find the browser open. (And yes, I locked it before putting it in my pocket.) There's a phone password option, but it only prompts for the password when the phone turns on, not when it unlocks. Buying a belt holster is *mandatory* with this phone.2) The USB port (which is used for charging) is clunky. When you insert a cord, it feels like it's in before it's fully inserted- it hangs up on the inside of the port, feeling like it's bottomed out. This is especially true with the included charger- if the cord moves around and the screen doesn't light when you plug it in, it's not in all the way, and it's not charging.3) The space bar types two spaces when you press it. It appears to have two buttons under the keyboard piece, and each one registers separately. The problem is, the space bar is about the width of a thumb, so pushing just one side is a real pain. It becomes especially annoying because the autocorrect turns double spaces into new sentences (changing it to a period and a space, and capitalizing the next letter), so you end up using the backspace key a lot in text messages.4) This is the worst one. There's a glitch in the phone's internal operating system: If you set the dialing display font to anything larger than "small", it starts wrapping numbers to a second line if you manually dial a long enough number. However, once it skips down a line, it moves the text insertion point back a space, so that the numbers you're typing are inserted in the middle. I found this out when I went to test the phone on my home phone, and dialed a wrong number; by watching the screen, I saw what it was doing. It doesn't do this on the small font (though a typical phone number won't wrap down a line in this font, anyway), and it doesn't do this if you start with a one (must be the auto-hyphenation). If you live in an area with an area code overlay, thus meaning you always dial ten digits, you're stuck with small font for dialing; it can be difficult to read unless you hold the phone fairly close to your face.

Whoever wrote the glowing report might be mistaken. As a phone it's fine. For text messaging it's OK. For anything else it's horribly slow and inefficient. I'd seriously question the motivation for the report a previous purchaser wrote.

We have enjoyed the phones. (We bought two.) My husbands has a tendency to dial emergency services sometimes when he bumps it I guess. It has also &#34;Browsed&#34; once when he didn't know it costing us MANY minutes. It locks after a minute of non-use but somehow it will still dial them and they will call him back asking if everything is okay. Mine hasn't done this but I don't use mine very much at all.

I got this to upgrade from my old Tracfone.  Every time I have upgraded before I got ALL my minutes transferred, this time they claimed that any bonus minutes are NOT transferable...  Since I had bought a Double minutes card, all the minutes I had on the phone were doubled, so they only transferred HALF of my minutes to my new phone, claiming they would transfer only PAID minutes, not the bonus minutes that I had received (over the course of three years).  I lost over 1000 minutes.  they ALSO could not transfer my old number.  After two weeks of going back and forth, almost daily calls to Tracfone, trying to get it done and having no luck, I gave up and had to accept a new number.  I have been with Tracfone for 14 years, and have never had a complaint until now,  this was some of the worst customer service I have seen.....

Fast service, good phone, happy with product.  Would recommend this product again.  Good price and all around happy with product.

Really would have loved to have this phone work in my area, with triple minutes for life, plus qwerty keyboard, nice unit, nice price, and great shipping.

Please bare in mind my wife and I purchased our phones through StraightTalk's website and NOT Amazon.com. I'm writing this because my wife and I are so disappointed in the quality of these phones from Tracphone/StraghtTalk and we want to tell the world because they SUCK! Also, bare in mind, these phones WILL NOT necessarily transfer to another network. We don't use the phones a lot, so there's no reason we should have all these issues. By each number is either a + or - to indicate how I feel about this feature. I've proofed this, so this is not a rant. I do have some positives mentioned. Hopefully this will be of help to someone.Why We Picked This Phone:We were trying to save money, and we kind of did. But if Tracphone equipment starts failing a year after you buy it, you'd be better off spending the extra $25/month for 1G of data with AT&T; and a 2 year $40/month agreement to get the discounts on the phone. You DO get what you pay for.Overall:When we got them, everything worked just fine. Following the manual was very easy. Activating the phones was only a pain because of transferring numbers. We were fairly happy with the phones, but within a few weeks small quirks started popping up. Yeah, the phone was $50, but I found these to be weird things.If you needing a quick replacement for a phone for less than a year, go for it. It's not a bad phone to be using for light use for a while. However, after a year and out of warranty, it fails. We're switching to a better service provider and paying more than $50 for our phones.WARNING! PHONE DIALS 911/SOS WITHOUT HELP!!!!!I mention this because some dispatches have been known to call you back and or track your phone down and send police. When I read the reviews I thought people were joking. When the phone is locked you can still dial 911. I've pocket dialed 911 way too many times with this phone that while I'm at work I turn my phone off now. I've NEVER pocket dialed 911 with others phones. This phone is horrible with this! Both phones, after about 3 months, started to dial 911 without us even touching them. I would say mine has done it 3 times in a year, hers about 8. We'll be watching a movie and the phones are on the coffee table. One will light up and be calling 911. Customer support was NOT HELPFUL and said they would not provide replacements.- 1. The center navigation button is buggy. It is heat sensitive, I think. When we're outside it won't work or will be slow to respond. We have to walk into the shade or hop in the car for it to scroll. After about 2 months the navigation button would suddenly not allow scrolling left or right, just up and down. We were told this is a manufacture's defect. Hm. In BOTH phones at the SAME time? That's BAD DESIGN. Again, NO REPLACEMENT.- 2. Wifi is intermittent. I could be sitting at my desk next to our wifi router and the phone would switch back to the 3G connection. Since we didn't have the unlimited data plan StraightTalk blocked streaming content. I don't know if streaming is blocked with unlimited too. You may HAVE to be connected to wifi to steam videos. I don't know. Within 3 months both of our phones refused to connect to already saved wi-fi connections. To troubleshoot the issue I'd attempt to connect to open public connections (ie: library). No go. So apparently wifi doesn't work now. Customer support was no help . . . again.- 3. Audio quality. It's a $50 phone so I didn't expect much, but it gets worse after one year. My wife is constantly asking people to speak up because the quality of audio coming out of the phone is god awful. Imagine on an audio EQ dropping out ALL your low to mid frequencies so that all you hear are the high frequencies. The quality really started dropping around the 10-11 month mark.The main speaker, the one you put next to your ear, has completely stopped working for me. NO sound comes out of it. So now I have to put everyone on speaker if I want to talk to them. Again, no replacement because the warranty is expired. How convenient.- 4. Microphone. Recently I've been having people say they can't hear me talking. This started before I lost the main speaker. The call will still be connected, they weren't cutting in and out so it wasn't a coverage issue. The phone would show 3-5 bars of strength, but the microphone would be cutting out. I would also try to make voice memos and some would be blank because the microphone isn't working.+/- 5. Keyboard: Full QWERTY keypad. Buttons work normally and I haven't had issues with them. The text has never warn off any of them. Sadly, because it's a blackberry style the keypad seems a bit small for my fingers. Top to bottom, they're fine, but their width is just so tiny. I have to nearly use the tips of my fingers to text.+ 6. The phone uses Java so you can install any Java programs you want. Bare in mind only two programs can be open at a time.+ 7. Ease of navigation. But, honestly, I credit Blackberry for this because it's just a rip off of Blackberry's user interface and keypad setup.- 8. Installed browser sucks. But, because it's Java based I installed Opera Mini and UC Browser to use. However, to download anything the default installed browser MUST be used. Which leads me to negative #9- 9. No App management program. As mentioned only two programs at a time can be opened. There is NO app switching program installed. So you're forced to work on one app at a time. Not a big deal for me at first, but when I get a call or text while online, I have to quit the browser and come back to it. Same thing with downloading. You'll have to wait for the download to finish before going back to your choice browser (if you decide to install something else).- 10. The GUI is cramped. Looking at the screenshot provided here in the ad, it looks fine. It's about 2.5" corner to corner, so big enough, right? No. Especially if you text a lot. If you text a lot do NOT get this phone.This is your inbox: [...]Note that size ratio of the text to screen size. It's a 14-16 point font. Just the header and menu navigation takes up half the screen. So you're left with two texts.Video I found showing a mini, emphasis on mini, review: [...]+/- 11. Media player:+ a. Audio files: Surprisingly not bad. Interface wise. If you exit the player while playing, it will keep an On Screen Display (OSD) up so you can navigate.- b. Streaming files: The media player for streaming content just sucks. It's partially the compression because it uses the 3GP compression algorithm. So it's not good. If you save the content to the SD Card you can watch it later. But bare in mind that after a few minutes the sound stops. I don't know why. It does it on BOTH phones with ALL files. So it can't be the compression it's got to be the phones.- 12. Texting:-/+ a. Receiving: My last phone was a Rumor2. I really liked that phone. I could snap it out and send off texts to my family really quick. I can with this phone too. There's a big difference though. This is a pre-paid plan phone. Which means, you don't get to see the text unless you open it. Then it will tell you your balance, blocking the entire screen for about four seconds. StraightTalk upgraded the plan in the middle of our month to unlimited texts to be competitive. I thought with unlimited texting it wouldn't do that. Nope.- b. Organization: A lot of phones will have things organized by conversation. That's what I liked about my previous Rumor2. If my parents finally responded to my text from 3 days ago, I don't have to hunt down the text I sent them to figure out what I was talking about. Not here! You have everything broken up. Like in the OLD DAYS. :P Since it also splits up those long texts, you are left to continue scrolling until you finally read the whole thing. Don't go too fast! Oh! You passed it. And since it only displays two messages at a time there are times I'm hunting for a text for a good 45 seconds.(As a side note: you know you live in a spoiled country when you complain about spending 45 seconds, as opposed to 5-10 seconds, finding a text message.)- c. Lack of Custom Settings: I wish you could change how messages are displayed.This is your text:[...]Notice that the mail header takes up two lines and it only shows five lines max. I really don't need to have all that garbage there. Time and date are fine, but it would be so much better to have the name up at the very top as the menu header. Or whatever you want to call it.- 13. File management system: On other phones I've typically stored all my text messages on the MicroSD card because most phones would hold 1-200 texts. These phones will hold up to 500 in phone memory. It will also hold 30 texts on the SIM card. However, you cannot back up or save text messages to the MicroSD card. You also cannot change settings for how it manages your files, which I find typical of most phones. It's mainly very frustrating that my wife and I have to clear out our inboxes every two-three weeks.a: MicroSD: Thank you! Recognized up to 32 Gigs. If that's not enough it will interface with larger storage through a mini-b? USB port. So, in theory, I haven't tried it, you can hook up a external hard drive to it. Why? I . . . I don't know.+/- 14. Camera: Overall it sucks. Fixed focal length. Means no zoom or focus. So it's basically a point and shoot disposable camera. Unless you have a lot of light, pictures suck. 2 megapixels, so you could print them if you want. Basic filters. Can crop. No video capability. Decent out door pictures.- 15. Wallpaper/Main Screen: Customizable, yes (font, color, theme, wallpaper). Here's the fun part. Try setting a picture as your wallpaper. It will give you a preview, and if you're not happy with the position or look . . . TOO BAD! The system is VERY picky. If the picture is too big, file type, or the wrong size (aspect ratio too!) it won't let you. I had to pull pictures into Photoshop and resize and crop my customer wallpapers to 320x320 just to get it to fit.- 18. Cases: A small note on cases. All the cases that I saw had the same form. They ALL covered the SD card slot. NOT HELPFUL. This is not Samsung's fault, or Tracphone/StraightTalk. But there is no availability of cases that allow you to yank the SD card whenever you want.

Immpossible to find out what the &#34;PIN&#34; they ask for to buy air time, so unable to maintain service.  Result - lost my TracFone svc.Impossible to contact a live person to get a solution answer.enjoyed it as long as the party lasted, but the forgot to keep the line open for users that need more than a canned answer.Suggest a chat location.Kriminitlies,  I'd use it if I couild.

Phone has a great display and is easy to use. The camera is very good. Sound is excellent and clear.

I bought this phone in 2012 because (at the time) it got rave reviews, although a few reviews said the easy-to-accidentally-hit browser button was a problem. It seemed like the pros (price, triple minutes) outweighed the cons (dud browser button) so I bought it. Now I'm looking for a different phone because of two critical design flaws in the S390G. First, the annoying browser button which if accidentally touched immediately launches the phone's very primitive (i.e. useless) web browser. It uses the cell connection for this service, thus taking up minutes until you manually turn it off. You can switch it to wifi connection mode if you need to use the browser, but the default for the button (which cannot be changed) is by cell mode. I learned to live with this but to my amazement even when the phone's keypad is locked the browser can *still* manage to launch itself - usually when in a pocket or bag, out of view. There seems to be a key combination that defeats the two-step button sequence of unlocking the keypad, and whenever that key (or keys) is pressed, presto! Minutes are eaten up until you notice it and tell it to stop. Worst of all, though, is that this phone will dial 911 (again, with the keypad LOCKED). It has unintentionally dialed 911 on several occasions; shortly thereafter, I get a call from a 911 dispatcher checking to see if it was a legitimate emergency call. Again, dealing with this flaw uses up minutes.Although its camera is pretty good, that's not enough reason to own this phone, not even if they offered quadruple minutes for life. Read the reviews other people have left here and decide for yourself.

nice phone. thank you. sorta like a miniature pc with touchpad. was hoping to make calls using wifi, but it did not work. battery last for hours, and about 10 days on standby. Love it.

Other than that the phone would be fine. It dialed 911 on it's own several times and had the police track me and come to my place. I even turned it off and it turned itself on by itself and dialed 911! No joke. It's funny now that I'm not using the phone anymore but not at the time. Waste of money!

A little under a month ago I bought this phone and Promptly decided I hated it. Then after being away from it awhile, or, learning how to overcome what I consider some shortcomings of the phone, have decided to give it another try. This time with much better results. The first reviewer on here said You'd have to be nuts to not like this phone. She's pretty much on target. First off, the Triple minutes for life option, Buy one minute, get two free. Can't beat that. I am looking to NOT have a monthly bill and being able to roll my minutes over month to month is a good thing. If I were a very heavy texter or talker, then that would probably be different, but I am not so this plan works for me. This phone has a Wifi feature that allows you to go online anywhere WiFi is available and not burn through your minutes. I have used it, it works, It works well!  The battery life is much better than I expected it to be too. The battery has longevity. I like having a phone with the keyboard on the front. I would have settled for the LG500G however, that was double minutes for Life and Not triple minutes. Apparently there was a LG500 or 501C offered at one time on a home shopping show somewhere. I wish I would have known back then, but it's present day so foward I go. The keys on the Keyboard take a little getting used to, thus the 4 star rating. If you do not hit the space bar just right, you will get a period at the end of every word. It just takes some getting used to.The phone is also very light and does not take up a lot of space. I now reccomend this phone If it has those features which I mentioned that matter to you. I just wish now that they would come out with a hard rubber case for it. Someone told me that the Samsung Freeform III case will fit this. I ordered one elsewhere and it did not fit the phone, close, but no where close enough, just a tad bigger and the phone would have fit into it.

This is a perfect cell phone for the casual basic user who wants a good phone at a most reasonable price and low annual cost.  You can purchase a year of service with 1200 minutes (that can roll over) for about $100 so making your monthly cost about $8 per month.  If you are heavy user you may want to consider other options.  The phone is easy to use and full keypad is easier for sending  texts than many other Tracphones.  Set up was easy and porting number is also possible regardless of carrier.  I have been most pleased and so have friends I introduced to this phone.

Received the brand new phone. Activated with Tracfone card and it gave tripple minutes after waiting 5-10 minutes. Its speaker is better than Iphone for very loud and clear. I log in to Wifi easy. Remember to log in to wifi first then click into browser. Make sure wifi signal turn from blue ( moble web with pay)  to green ( free roam wifi ) so it won't eat up your minute.Everything worked flawlessly for camera, video, alarm...Alarm mode won't play long mp3 such as a song, only a short ring tone. It can use SDHC up to 32 GB. Photo look OK for a 2MB picture. A lot of feature inside camera and video mode like zoom, etc...Only one problem is this phone calling 911 although the key is locked. I found if you put the phone in your pant pocket and you move, cloth moving will cause the slide key activate for 3 zero that mean emergency call 911.Read the manual and I find out emergency call won't be defeated in lock key mode because it is emergency. I think this is a bit of design stupid worry too much about safety causing the phone calling 911 by just a slide movement. I deduct one star for this reason.Put the phone in a good pouch and it won't call 911 anymore because no cloth moving and touching the keys.I still happy with the phone for its feature, especially with wifi, loud speaker, and performance.

I'd love this phone if I never had to put it in my pocket. The thing unlocks itself EVERY TIME and either launches the browser or pocket dials someone. I can't guess how many minutes I've wasted because of this.

Battery life not great.  I don't use my phone often and does not browse or surf with it. I activated this phone three weeks ago. Use the phone for texting only, say 12 texts yesterday. Fully charge the phone yesterday afternoon at around 3PM. Next day, 8PM, I only have one bar left.Phone is great looking but the pics does not come out that great. Operation manual not useful even the detail one downloaded from the internet. Sent out pic but never got to my friend but ate up a lot of points. The keys feels great and resolution ok.

I got this just so I could plug in a headset cable that links to my pc.But the headset doesn't work. At all.Still makes a great personal phone. There have been many saying the space bar leaves a period (.) when typing. I noticed this also. I tried pressing on the left side more than the right. Still happens though, very strange. Anyhow for the tripple minutes it's perfect for prepaid.I should also add that if you download any games, there's a 50/50 chance they won't install right. I've hadn problems with it on several applications too. Facebook apps won't work. I have to use the web browser instead. I've also purchesed a game from the shop available for this phone. One worked, the second didn't. And I used up my attempts to download while trying to get it on. It tries to install but fails at 70%. but that's your typical prepaid service.Wifi works fine, I know others had issues with it but didn't have a problem here. It does disconnect if it sits for awhile. So I have to remember to reconnect it before using the browser.

Don't ,ake a lot of calls and the triple minutes for life feature is very worthwhile.  Also the free wi fi can't be beat and it's 3g which is MUCH Faster than mobile web access.

My major problem with this phone is the small tap pads, I find it difficult not to hit the wrong letter or digit, and to read the periods or other punctuation marks. I would not buy this phone again.

Have had tracphone before and it works for me.Trying to get used to the keys.  I travel a lot so hope this works where we go.

I like Tracfone as a service since it's pre-paid, but the phone I ordered for a birthday gift turned out to be really bad. I was hesitant on the purchase because of some of the reviews about the phone already, but the price of $20, I could not turn down. At first the phone was pretty easy to manage since it connected to my wi-fi pretty fast, but when I went upstairs the wi-fi was on and off. Also, the problem with the phone was that when I l got my phone to check any messages, I always got a voicemail message from the police. I feel bad because I know I didn't call them purposely, but they might have thought I did since my phone called them at least five times without my acknowledgment. Also when I was on my phone, it would randomly freeze. Although when I was able to connect to the internet, it worked fairly well.

I like this phone Because it has Wifi.I got this phone about a week  ago and payed $49.99 at Tigerdirect I tried to get the Wifi setup thinking it was setup. Seing the Wifi symbol on the top I used the internet and found out it wasn't on it took off alot of my minutes off my phone. Searching youtube I found out that the Wifi is not connected inless it turns green then it is connected .Then I got my Wifi working  it turned green so I new it was setup.The internet is slow without Wifi on but with Wifi it works good. You can get ringtones and wallpaper at net 10 but I got my ringtones at Funtonia.com and my wallpaper at mytinyphone.com don"t expect to get ringtones or wallpaper by text message it is being blocked by net 10.I used the Wap at mytinyphone.com.But Funtonia.com has 3 ways to download ringtones and wallpaper the ringtones are 30 seconds long at Funtonia.com

I used to have a bare bones tracfone. So reviewing the Samsung S390G may seem unfairly positive. However, thisIS a great phone. It's got tons of features and the Samsung name means quality, to me.For the potential buyer; Pull this up on Amazon (or anywhere) to see the list of features. Most are good, too manyto list here. And a few are not useful or just bad. So I'll list some things I do not like (or use).1) The screen is too small to go online. Period.  2) From the idle screen, the browser can be activated veryeasily, by accident.  3) Sometimes hard to hear voices on calls.  4) Maybe a few other tiny issues.Everything else is Top Notch. Easy to understand & operate. A pleasure to use.

There is a lot to like about this phone i.e. it looks good and it feels good when holding it.  The camera, MP3 player, Wi-Fi cability, etc. are others.  I bought this phone as an upgrade to my small tracfone slider.  The information on everything I read says that the battery talk time is up to 6 hours and standby time up to 12.5 days.  In the initial set up I followed the instructions and all whet well, but and that is a big BUT the battery life is nowhere near what it says it should be.  I am not a heavy cellphone user and do not surf the net.  I bought this phone as my back up emergency phone.....which would indicate that it is not the phone I do most of my calling and texting from anyway.  So far and with very, very minimal use I have had to charge it everyday.  My main cell phone....the one I use for business, etc.  I charge every couple of days and even on days where there is a great deal of use I never go to less than 2 or 3 battery bars left.  Not with this phone.  I don't know whether I got a bad phone or what, but I know this is probably not going to work for me very long before I need to look for something different.  Again, it is a nice looking phone and the triple minutes was a plus.  And, Amazon does not disappoint on the delivery.  It arrived on time...I do love that about Amazon.

I like my Samsung S390g Trackfone. I think its a great value, the phone works well for my particular needs.

I love the phone!  It was very reasonably priced, and I love the triple minutes.  The phone is easy to use and set up, I had no problem porting my number, and so far I am very happy with it.  I am not always using my phone and was tired of paying the high fees for my old cell phone.  I don't need a smart phone, and this phone meets my needs.  It has a lot of nice features and very reasonably priced--especially with the WI FI option; the memory card slides in on the side making it easy to access, this was an important feature for me.  And so far, I haven't made any pocket calls.  I haven't had any problems texting, but I may download a better browser so I could have a better choice of free music and games.

hi amazon , therrdes been another mistake made on my  behalf, i thought i was ordering a live ring necked dove bird ,the book was listed at 8.99 , u r trying to charge me over 28. 00 for book, i don,t need a book on how to raise dovesorry but i already know, also 2 year warranty was cancel about twp weeks ago, and the 7&#34; kindle resend to u  on12 18 2012, the only thing i owe you for is a phone, which is listed at 40.88. listen i will pay for any thing i get frombot i  will pay for something that i don,t need or cancel or sent back to you guys, ps check ur computer for thecancellation item and item sent back to u.thank u /// williamj667@yahoo.com

My husband needed a new phone to replace his super ancient one. His one main request was a keyboard. This is a nice compact phone with the keyboard right at your fingertips. While the phone appears nice, it has it's flaws. THere are no direction buttons. It is a little tiny button that scrolls when you move your finger across it. While "convenient" it is a real hassle. The D pad is much better. Also, I am having to find another phone because it does NOT pick up where I live. While the other Tracfone does, I have to leave my house, stand in the yard and wish for a signal. I am not saying this is not a good phone, it just is not what is going to work for us.

We bought this case to go with it:Black Rubberized Phone Case Holster Combo with Screen Protector for Samsung S390G by Beyond Cellat the same time we bought the phone and the combination has been a winner for my wife.My wife is very happy with her phone says that it is much better than the other Tracfone's that she has owned(3 in all).

The triple minutes and lack of a touch screen were what drew me to this phone. However, upon receiving the phone the black center button acts like a trackpad on a laptop. Not something I wanted but it's better than having the entire screen be a touch screen. When texting there is a high frequency of double entering letters, especially with the space bar. Another thing that annoys me is the lack of options to change the browser 'soft key' on the main screen. Every time I am hitting the 'back' button and get to the main screen it starts to load the browser. This is not very fun when you have to pay for that data. Luckily I can hit the 'end' key quick enough that I don't get charged.All of those things I can deal with, but the pocket dialing of the SOS or 911 number is just plain wrong. There should at least be an option to turn this 'feature' off. Even with the keypad locked, if you hit 0 several times it will ask if you want to dial SOS. Looks like I am going to have to get a cover for the phone so none of these buttons can be pressed when it's in my pocket. Next time I'll stick with a flip phone.

This is a good phone for people who do not want to pay more than $20 for a phone and do not want to have to pay monthly. There are however some problems within the making of the phone... I personally have had no problems with it dialing 911 or unlocking in my pocket or purse but I can see how it would be possible. My biggest gripe is that when you press the space bar while texting it puts a period at the end of the word instead of just a space. This is annoying if you are trying to get out a quick message. To combat accidentally hitting the browser I always make sure it is on its wifi setting. I wish there was an option to disable the browser but I assume it is there way of getting rid of extra mins. The triple mins are wonderful and do make most of the flaws worth it.

Has met all of my expectations - easy to move around in - easy to use - large screen - excellent backlight in daylight - would highly recommend

I love this phone, but it has a serious firmware problem which makes me question what is going to happen to all of the s390g's out there over time.  I will try to summarize:  The phone has a limit of 11 (eleven) WiFi connections/configurations.  If you use it only at home and at work, you're going to be fine.  If you use it traveling and do not DELETE your hotspot configurations WHILE STILL CONNECTED - you will never be able to delete them and you will eventually reach your limit.  Disconnecting is not good enough - they need to be DELETED.When you reach the limit of 11, the phone will not connect to any more wifi hotspots.  It will display "Maximum number of connections reached. Delete some items" and will then display a list of the 11 with checkboxes next to them.  You can check them off and press delete all day long; it will not delete them.  So now I have no way to connect to Wifi.Have you encountered this limit?  If so, what did you do?  I tried restoring the phone, resetting the phone, and got a new SIM card.  The 11 wifi configs are still there.  I am going to send it back.By the way, this phone was made in 5/12 -- not sure if later ones fixed the problem?

Tiny keys very fiddly to use- eraser tipped pencil helpful on keyboard. Extremely sensitive touch sensitive button, perhaps excessively so.  Very easy to miss the ikon you wish to find.THE TRACFONE INSTRUCTION BOOK IS A TRAVESTY.  MAJOR ITEMS ARE MISSING.  NO MENTION OF CERTAIN FEATURES.  EVEN THE MAKERS FAILS TO EXPOUND ON THE PHONES POTENTIAL.

this phone at first was great, liked the keyboard, wifi, camera, etc.THEN the phone would unlock itself VERY easily and it dialed 911 on me numerous times. how embarassing to tell the police it was my phone that called. HORRIBLE.Returned the phone for a refund & chose another model phone.I would not recommend this phone to anyone.

This phone works great and the battery just will not die.  The only gripe I have is the small buttons, but it really sin't too bad.

3 days on phone with tech support. still not activated. now they are sending a new sim card. that will take another week. then activation process again.they can't say for sure if this will fix problem so...not happy.

I returned  this unit because it did not meet previous reviews and my expectations.  The keyboard is far toominature for my fingers. I swapped it for an Alcatel A382G which was more  useable fo me.  Just wanted atravel phone and now I am happy with lthe Alcatel.

I like Tracfone and I started with the LG500g which was (and still is I feel) a very good phone and elicits a few laughs from friends. I then moved up to the LG800g also a good phone. However, Wanting the ability to connect to the Wi-Fi at home or while at a restaurant or Coffee shop (in hindsight BAD IDEA), I went ahead and picked up the Samsung S390g. I had no problem getting connected to Wi-Fi at home and while out using "Free Wi-Fi" (BAD IDEA). Texting is O.K. but what a lot of folks say about the spacebar is TRUE! If you don't hit it just right you will get a period and the next letter is uppercase. The biggest problem I have and it seems to happen with alarming frequency with the Samsung S390g is that it will call 911. This phone will call 911 a lot. The 911 Operator has to always call me back and ask my situation. That is UNACCEPTABLE to me. I feel that because of my phone's behavior, this could be interfering with someone who may be calling in with a real emergency. That alone is enough for me to say "so long" to this phone. When someone has an emergency every second counts and I do not ever want to be an impediment to anyone's safety. I recommend buying something other than this phone. Public safety comes first.

Pretty decent phone.  I do not have the Wifi problems others have mentioned.  I'm new to the cell phone world so I was a little surprised to see the limited app support for the phone.  I envisioned more apps - like free ones?For me the important things are call quality (very good) and ease of use (good).  The scroll bar does take some getting used to but once you find the right touch it is reliable.  I enjoy the QWERTY key board for data entry and texting.  I bought a second phone for my son so it is good enough that I bought another.

One of my main problems with this phone is the charger.  The one that came with the phone makes a high pitched whine.  I figured I had four or five of these chargers with the same end so I tried them... NONE worked... I did some internet research and found some info that indicated that if the wall or car charger is not 5V and 700mA it will not work.  Well, a 700mA charger is about as easy to find as a hen's tooth.  After three hours searching different stores I found a car charger at a local box store but still cannot find a wall charger that is 700mA.  It will charge from my computer though.If you open a message with a pic attached it will cost you 4 or 5 minutes plus 1 minute.I cannot manage files on this phone from my mac by connecting the phone.  Mac does not "see" it at all, so, I have to take out the memory card and put it in the mac in order to add or delete files.I thought I might be able to send text messages for free as long as I used Wi-Fi...Not so much.  It is such a hassle to turn on wi-fi then sign in to google voice, then you cant really use your contacts list to send the text message.. too many steps to fool with to send a free text message.Still wondering if I should return it or not.  Some things about the phone are better than the one I had, but, the learning/hassle curve for this phone has been very large.  I would not recommend this phone to a friend.Opera is a much better browser than the one that comes on the phone.I have had trouble finding "apps" that will work.  Of the two apps I already had one gives a java error "no memory available".

I bought this phone with high hopes that it would work well, but that hasn't been the case.  It turns off randomly and the battery doesn't stay charged for more than a few days at a time even when I don't use it.  This is very frustrating. It makes me very hesitant to waste money on another tracfone.

I had high hopes for this phone and do like it mostly, but my big problem with this phone is a HUGE one.  With the keypad locked, the phone has called the equivalent of 911 on about 12 occasions.  Each time the phone was in my bag, not being touched and the keypad was locked.  Imagine having the sheriff's office calling you back asking if you need emergency assistance.  Once, my two year old son was having a total meltdown in the car with me as my phone, which was in my bag on the passenger seat of the car, took it upon itself to make a 911 call.  The 911 operator heard that.  They called me back a few times and when I answered the call, they questioned me - while my son was still having a melt-down.  Try explaining that everything is fine to a 911 operator when they heard your child screaming in the background?!  And it's never the same number dialed, when I look on the call log.  Sometimes it's 112.  Sometimes it's 0000. Sometimes it's 121.  Sometimes it's 7334.  There is no rhyme or reason to this.I like the rest of the phone features and don't have any issues with it - EXCEPT the 911 calling.  This makes me afraid to keep the phone on or handle it wrong so that a button gets pushed and calls 911.  I have no idea how to fix this problem.

This phone has some sort of supposedly intuitive texting that finishes sentences for you with a period and capitalizing the first letter of the next word...almost any time you push the space bar. I found if I pushed the left side of the spacebar this was less likely to happen. Ultimately though I decided not to keep this phone because of the high radiation levels at one's head: 1.57 w/kg, just .03 less than the recommended max in the USA of 1.6. Seriously, I don't care if the chances that cell phones cause brain cancer are small, why magnify them? I did like the scroll effect of the middle button as a nice break from all the touch screens in my life, but I am junking this phone and going with another phone that has a touch screen and half the radiation levels.

It's a fine phone except for a couple of very annoying things.You must be sure to lock the keypad every time or it will get on the internet and burn up your cell minutes. It also has an annoying habit of calling 911 on it's own.For the price of a prepaid cell it is fine and I am happy except for the above annoying things.

I really like this phone, particularly the physical keyboard.  It has many good features for being a non-smart phone.  One complaint though is the spacebar often inserts a period instead of a space, not sure if this is an issue with this particular phone or is a design flaw.That being said, be sure to find out who the local Tracfone provider is in your area before you purchase.  The Tracfone coverage map showed good coverage in my area but when I got it, the coverage was spotty at best.  When I activated the phone I received a &#34;Welcome to the AT&T; network&#34; text and I knew I was screwed. Had I known in advance that AT&T; was the provider I would not have bought a Tracfone, just doesn't work in my area. Of course that isn't the phone's fault.I ended up going back to Verizon prepay but couldn't use the phone on their network so Ebay here we come!

I had the LG500 and this is a much nicer phone.  The QWERTY keys are slightly larger and I make fewer mistakes texting.

Very easy to use with a lot of features like connecting to a WiFi to access the web to save on phone minutes. Also like the triple minutes you get with this phone.

I like this phone I really do. But Houston we have a problem. I can't put it in my pocket with the natural movements of walking sitting, etc. calling the police. I had the police come to my door once, considering this is a prepaid phone that interesting at best. i live with a conspiracy theorist, who just may be right! You know that show "person of interest?" It starts with "You are being watched..." Well darn of they are not right. This is a prepaid cell phone yet they called me back and knew my name and address and sent a car. I loaded 200 minutes on the phone so I can't exactly sent it back. If there is some way to lock the 911 calling out i would love to know it. This is serious business. I know people call 911 for stupid things, The time, a flat tire, etc. I don't want to be one of them. I even tried turning off the phone and it still managed to turn itself on. I am ordering a case in hopes I can figure a way to put it inside so the buttons do not get touched. We came off Att due to poor signal and the excessive cost. My kids picked out different phones and have had no problem. I got the card so i could put photos of the family on, (as Long as they are small, as you need to re-size all you photos you want on the phone. That is a major task. The phone card is designed to hold 4 gig of data. i have no interest in music, as I have nerve damage in my hearing so photos are it. I found a setting on my camera for size for e-mail and Facebook so that should work for the phone. I realize i am gradually going deaf so I am leaning sign. That will be my world eventually. Thing seriously before buying this phone.

I ordered it for my son for Christmas and like it so much that I just ordered one for myself.

Not a bad phone but no instructions on how to utilize its many features.  Did a lot of trial & error to learn about it.  One big negative is that twice it accidently dialed the 911 operator while it was locked and in my pocket.  A good thing is that it came with triple minutes whenever you make a purchase.

I've had quite a few Net 10 and Tracfone Devices in my life thus far from Sliders to Flip Phones, and long story short, I couldn't have picked a better one this time. Here's why.My phone before this was a Nokia Lumia 521 with T-Mobile. Before that I had an iPhone 3GS with AT&T.; Before that I had a Samsung T401G with Net 10, and before that about five LG 300G's with Net 10. All of them paying different prices, trying different services and features. I made a sudden leap into the Smartphone world with my iPhone, and upgraded from that to a Windows Phone. I'd never had a QWERTY Keypad phone before. I was satisfied with Net 10's service, but left after they raised the plan I was on by $5 without notifying me. AT&T; was awful in the coverage and price department, and T-Mobiles Data and Customer Service was unacceptable. I looked around for a while at Feature Phones, which is what this kind is called, and I decided I'd rather have a nice Feature Phone like an old Blackberry, oppose to a smartphone which I felt was a little more than I needed. All I need is occasional access to Facebook and Twitter and the ability to listen to music with good coverage, without the frills and emptying of my wallet. This phone is perfect.Allow me to list a few good points and bad points I've experienced so far.THE GOOD- WiFi, so I can send emails, browse the web and more, for free at Home or places like McDonalds and Starbucks which offer free WiFi.- QWERTY Keyboard, with Send and End buttons. It's a bit slower to use than a Touchscreen, but it just feels so much better.- Great Coverage, using both AT&T; and T-Mobile coverage, so that where one lacks, the other picks up.- 3G Data. A Huge step up from the 2G I was used to on other Tracfones.- Triple Minutes For Life. I cannot stress how great this is! I buy 60 Minutes at $20, I get 180 that last 3 months, Equaling $6/mo.- The Build Quality. It feels like a phone that costs more than $20! It doesn't feel fragile, and I'm not too afraid to break it.- It uses Micro USB for Charging and Syncing, which is great because that's what most of my cables around my house are.- MP3 Player, for listening to music on the go. I have to have this feature, and it works great and can play music in the background.- Micro SD Cards up to 32GB are supported, and they go in the side and not under the battery like some phones, so no taking off backs.- E Mail, which is super great to have. Make sure you set it up to not automatically search for mail though, as it uses your Minutes.- The Battery hold a charge for a very long time, often lasting me up to almost a week without charging. It rates at 1,000mAh.- This is minor, but you get 20 Free Minutes and Two Months of Airtime just for activating. I used it for a few days for free..- Each Minute lets you send Three Texts. If I do the 180 Min. Plan, 180 x 3 = 540 Texts.THE BAD- The Screen has awful viewing angles, and it doesn't support all colors, so some colorful wallpapers I set look distorted.- The Trackpad makes it a little difficult to navigate compared to Navigation Buttons, but you will get used to it.- The Rear speaker is certainly nothing to write home about, and is mediocre compared to some other Tracfones I've seen.THE UGLY- Although the glass screen looks nice, it makes it more likely to break when dropped and catches fingerprints (Which clean easily).- The Camera is Acceptable. It's Fix Focused, so you cant take up close shots without them being blurry. Takes otherwise good pics.- Tracfone doesn't give you much for the price. $10 for 30 Minutes and a month of Airtime? Good thing there's Triple Minutes.- YouTube Video's are extremely low quality, probably because the small amount of colors the screen supports.CONCLUSIONOf all the Phones I have owned so far, this is my favorite in overall price, quality and function. It says it has app support, but the only apps I've come across on the web that work properly with this phone so far are Facebook, Twhii (A Twitter Client) and YouTube, which is just a direct link to the YouTube site in the browser. I've read a lot of complaint's that people are dialing 911 or Opening the Browser with the phone in their pockets. I have pressed a button here or there, but never unlocked the phone or dialed 911. Then again, being a man, my pockets are much larger than women's jeans, so I'm not sure if any men out there are having this problem. I haven't yet. Personally for me, the buttons are all very clicky and provide nice feedback, so even if I did press a button in my pocket, it would be under some serious pressure and I would know. I don't think Tracfone offers many minutes for what you pay, probably because it is made for people that don't use a phone much. If this phone didn't have Triple Minutes I probably would not have bought it, even with all the fancy features.If you use your phone often and do a lot of texting and calling, definitely buy the Net 10 version of this phone. It will cost you $60 and can't be bought on Amazon. They give you more minutes for your money. However with the small amount I use and the Triple Minutes, my plan on Tracfone costs me only $6 a month.If you are considering getting this phone, definitely get it, buy it new for $20 on here and get a $5 2GB Micro SD card to get Free Super Saver Shipping. I think you will be satisfied. I know I am.Here's a link to the SD card you'll need to get super saver shipping:B000HCGAFKI Also had to order this thing for 21 Cents to get it over $24.99 (I have no idea what it is, I just threw it in a drawer:B009K50I3KThat's all folks,~Ritchie

The phone and service are fine, BUT...the keypad buttons are very tiny. I kept inadvertantly pressing the wrong keys along with what I was typing, so having to constantly erase/backspace so many mistakes started to get on my nerves. Amazon has kindly given me a refund for the phone, since it was not what I was expecting and was unable to use it.Please keep the tiny keypad in mind before you waste your time in purchasing it AND waste Amazon's time and money in processing a refund. If you have large fingers (mine are average, and even I had a problem!), this is not the keypad for you.Additionally, the whenever I pressed the space button between words, the phone would automatically place a period after the words, and I couldn;t figure out how to prevent this. Also, I couldn't figure out how to capitalize letters (no shift button, and the Alt button was only for punctuation and numbers). The instruction manual did not include such details regarding these two problems.I give it 1 star because of the keypad (which is why I wanted the thing to begin with).

I don't write a lot of reviews but I really wanted to get the word out about this phone. I've had it for almost 3 months now and I really like it. No it's not a full-featured smartphone, but for the price it was a great solution for me. With triple minutes, it costs me about $10 per month to operate and the phone is cheap enough that even if I lose it or break it, I can replace it for less than it would cost to repair the screen on many smartphones. This is my first experience with Tracfone and I'm very impressed. Setup was quick and easy. Their web interface is great. You login to Tracfone and you have one page with all the info on your phone. I like always being able to see my minutes on the phone display. I live and work in a low mobile coverage area, but this Tracfone gets a better signal than my old phone from a major carrier. I ended up getting 2 more Tracfones for my kids! They love them too. None of us are heavy phone users or heavy 'texters'. Here's some things I like about the phone:Wireless:Wireless works great. I can easily connect my phone to wireless at home, at work and even at many stores, restaurants, etc. At home my ssid (wireless network name) is hidden but the phone can still connect to it easily. The phone will always use wireless (and not the cel network) if you're connected to it. There's a little icon that goes from blue to green if you're connected to wireless so you always know. Just make sure that, if you're syncing to email, that you choose to never update automatically, or it will update when you're not connected to wireless and use your minutes. This is an easy setting to change.Wireless: what I use:The phone will run some Java-based apps (kind of) but does sometimes give you repeated messages when trying to use them. It's really not a phone for apps. It runs many mobile sites great. I use it to check the weather. It runs Facebook mobile perfectly. It also plays YouTube videos well. I watched some in high-quality and they even played well--almost never skipping.Email:I use Outlook through my company's Exchange server. One or our IT guys was able to plug in the necessary parameters into the phone in just a few minutes and I can get my Outlook/Exchange email messages, no problem. There is some support notes on how to do this on the Samsung support page for this phone. It's not what you would want to use all day long to read and reply to emails, but will work great in a pinch. I didn't have the best luck syncing Outlook calendar events automatically, but my phone is connected via bluetooth to my desktop computer and I can easily send important Outlook calendar dates to the phone using bluetooth (without any special software... as soon as you are connected to bluetooth, a "send to bluetooth" option appears in your Outlook, "File" menu) BTW, you can get a tiny USB-bluetooth adapter for you desktop computer very cheaply. I'm using a Targus brand and it works great.Camera:I was impressed with the quality of pictures on the camera--even indoors. It will let you easily email any picture you take using wireless. So you can even send a picture to your FaceBook account using a unique email address and it will appear as an update. I currently have a 2 GB card in my phone which seems like a lot of space. The camera of course can store pictures on your memory card. I haven't tried video yet.Music player:I love the music player! I download songs from Amazon, and the songs and album art come across no problem to the phone. Again, I transfer my songs to the phone, from my computer, via bluetooth.Recorder:I'm a musician, so I've even used the audio recorder to record a quick mp3 rendition of a song to email to band members. It's not high-quality, but it's a nice smaller file--great for recording lectures, etc.The only reason I gave this phone a 4-star and not a 5-star rating was that it has occasionally locked up on me. It gives a black screen with yellow "DOS-like" text. Only once every few weeks at most. ...and I really push this phone too. The last line of the message tells you what to do to re-boot. (which I think is ### - pressing # 3 times) Then it starts up again no problem, with all options and memory intact.Size:Yes the screen is smaller, but it works fine for me. Most text is white on a black background and clear and easy to read. Resolution is great. Display is bright and colors are vivid. Actually I like the small size of the phone. It's very thin and light. Some of these smartphones with cases can get huge! I like the way this phone neatly slides into my pocket. I have fairly large fingers and I can still use the buttons. I like the way the characters on the buttons light up. BTW: the problem people talk about with the space key producing a space and a period: It's really not a problem if you just get used to pressing the space key on the *left* side if you just want a space.Summary:So, if you're a mobile addict who needs a full-featured smart phone that runs all sorts of apps, this is probably not your phone. But if you mostly use it as a phone and for text messages, but would like to see facebook, check email or watch an occasional YouTube video, when wireless is available, and you're on a limited budget, I would recommend this phone.Update, 1-7-12:I've never experienced the phone "pocket dialing." I keep it in my pocket all the time and I don't have a cover for it. I always lock the keypad when I'm not using it by pressing the lock (alt) key, but it's not really a problem to unlock it when I need to use it or when a call comes in.

A bit to get used to. The middle black button works as your arrows, glide your finger over it and bring to your selection on the phone. Keys are a bit small but over all I would recommend it. Still getting used to it.

I am a great fan of Tracfone, their pre-paid minutes program works very well for me since I usually use my phone only for emergencies or my own convenience.  Even I dont remember the number.  This was an upgrade for an easier keyboard and perhaps being able to use it via wifi.  I have not done the wifi yet, but am basically satisfied with this phone which can do far more than I actually need.

Have had this phone for a year with mixed results. Seemed to be a firmware problem for the first few months - phone would not shut down or restart properly, and also would not receive calls after unpugging from USB computer port until it was restarted again. Does not always work with weak signals where other models do fine. Email OK for short messages only & no graphics either. Forget web browsing with this phone but fine for text & calls.

I bought a tracfone in 2008, a simple mobile flip phone. It worked great, and I never had a problem with it. If I made a 5 second call, I was charged 5 seconds. I was very happy. Then in April of 2013, I decided to upgrade to this phone. After making a 3 second test call, I saw that I was charged for a full minute. I called customer service. This is where it all went bad. I was on hold for 18 minutes,  which was charged to the phone. Then they answered. First the lady barey spoke english. I told her the problem, and she told me that being charged for the minute was their policy. I told her that wasn't the case with my old phone. She put me on hold again, and then told me that I was right and I shouldn't be charged for the full minute. Then, in the next 10 minutes she changed her mind 3 times, changing from I should be charged to I shouldn't  be charged. She told me to wait 24 hours and the problem would be solved. After a day there was no change, so I called back and was on hold for 20 charged minutes. Then, a woman answered and said &#34;Welcome to Tracfone, I can't  hear you so call back!&#34; I couldn't believe it! She didn't give me one second to say anything. So I called back. After being on hold again for 20 plus minutes (and charged for thosee minutes), I got a lady who had to be blind drunk. I told her I couldn't understand her so she put me on with a supervisor. This Supervisor took all of my info again, even though I gave it to the automated system and the drunk lady. She then told me that the system was down and to call back in 2 hours. I was furious! So I googled &#34;tracfone customer service problems &#34;, and found that my experience was the norm,  and some people claimed to have revenge taken on them after calling! Some lost all their minutes, their phone numbers, and other horror stories. So I decided to just eat the money I'm gonna lose. I'll use it up and find another carrier. STAY AWAY FROM THEM! If you don't believe me do the internet search I did and read the countless complaints that are all too similar to mine.

I like the phone, except that the keyboard is really quirky. Don't type too fast--for example, typing "t" followed by "h" too quickly results in "tt" on the output. I'm not sure if it's a hardware or software fluke, but it gets very annoying when you're trying to text quickly. Because of that and the tiny keyboard, I am getting another phone.

now i've had a few tracfones but this 'tone has been the better of them sure it's not an android but for now it's great with a much better camera and wifi (which i havent gotten working right yet) for it's under $30 price it's a good pre payed phone hopefully in the future trac will finally bring out a android phone hopefully

I should have listened to the other reviewers and not bought this phone.  I had this phone for 1 week and it called 911 twice!  Both times it was in its own pocket in my purse, and the keyboard was locked.  Thankfully Amazon was kind enough to let me return it with a full refund, even without the original packaging. Really, do not buy this phone!

I bought this phone for my wife. She had nothing but problems with it because IT CALLS 911 ALL THE TIME. I called Tracfone and you know what they said for me to tell my wife. Tell her she just cannot carry it in her purse. Really! This phone SHOULD BE RECALLED BY THE MANUFACTURER. WORST PHONE EVER. If you do not believe me Google s390g cell phone problems. I should have done this before I bought it.

*****As of 7/30/13, Amazon has JACKED UP the price of this phone 29.99.  Every order I've ever made from Amazon.com that offered free shipping gets its price jacked up within a week.  Guess amazon has gotta raise the price since so many people purchased at 19.99 and got free shipping.  THUMBS DOWN FOR AMAZON on this.  DO NOT ORDER THIS PHONE @ 29.99.  Amazon will lower it again sooner or later.I am not sure why all the negative reviews of this phone.....just got mine today, and I'm very pleased.  Previously, I had a Net10 Samsung Flip Phone, which has a measly 1.5 inch screen. It was good for calls, not much of anything else, although it did have a basic camera.Then I run upon this S390G I first saw at the Dollar General Store(for $40), so I went looking, and wow, Amazon had it on TRACFONE and for $19.99.  What sweetens the deal on this phone is that it gets triple minutes when you add a refill, so basically, I got 360 minutes for $28 (slightly better than AT&T;'s 10 cent/minute), but get this, my expiration date is 12/23/13.the phone had 20 minutes on after I activated it ending in 60 days.  adding the refill extended the airtime expiration ANOTHER 90 days, so my airtime lasts 5 months (150 days)--versus AT&T;'s 90 days, and net10's $30 for 300mins/30 days).  I just use this phone for emergencies and talk while not at home--infrequent.  I love the value in the plan and cost of the phone.Yeah, the phone has a few quirks, but you get used to them.  the space bar/period is annoying, until you push it on the left end.  I got wi-fi setup in 3 minutes (not sure why all these other folks say it doesn't work).  HECK, I can even access ebay, facebook, and amazon, as well as weather on the browser. (on wi-fi)Haven't had the 911 calls happen yet.The screen definately is bigger and the resolution is better than the Samsung Flip Phone.I haven't figured how to access the contacts quickly without going into 3 menus. (loved the samsung flip phone...just hit the down arrow, and there were all the contacts).The "trackpad" is quite sensitive, but you get used to it.All in all, good, cheap phone. Runs on AT&T; here, good reception.

I like phone, but the fact that I no longer carry it with me unless it's turned off makes it useless. The 911 responders probably know my number by heart. Just taking the phone out of my pocket or purse (even when keyboard is locked) somehow prompts it to dial emergency. I've left it in my purse before, and heard the 911 operator's voice coming from my purse...It's ridiculous. I've called the company, and they walked me through resetting my phone, but it still calls. I'm on Amazon right now shopping for a new phone.

Well, since this is a TRACFONE, you are not able to use this phone with Net10!! Even though the Net10 phone has the Tracfone symbol, and they both are sister companies, any sim card from Net 10 is not compatible. Do not let this phone fool you. Unless you ONLY want to use Tracfone minutes (of which, there is NO unlimited plan!), then do not go with this tracfone. Also, whenever I went to use my Net10 simcard, I purchased the minutes on there and everything, and the people still couldn't help me. I had to call 3 or 4 times to finally get with someone who knew how to help. Minutes are rediculously expensive for tracfone....for 250 minutes, it costed me $50 from the transfer from Net10 minutes, to Tracfone minutes! Again, DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY UNLESS YOU ARE ALREADY WITH TRACFONE! It will not let you use any other sim card as there is a lock on the phone, which is why I am giving it a 2 star rating.

Great basic phone that won't break the bank. Picks up signal very well, I live in a semi-dead zone that many cell phones won't work in. My last cell wouldn't pick up a signal when I was home but this one shows one to three bars and always works, never dropped a call yet.

This site was very helpful with getting wifi to work. Now, how do I use it? Please help. Send answer to slowdriver_2000@yahoo.com.

I really like this phone to start with but now it dials 911 randomly so I turned it off, it turns back on in the pocket of my purse and dialed 911 4 times in one day, police dispatch called my phone back twice.!!!  This sucks, can't keep it on and it won't stay off!!!

A TracFone representative confirmed for me that they know of the connectivity issues with this phone. This phone will suddenly lose connectivity to your wireless router and if you don't notice the "inaccessible" message you will have the minutes sucked out of your phone when it switches over to 3G.I set my phone up to access my wireless router. The WiFi indicator turned green to show it was working. I opened what they call a browser on the phone and within two to three minutes the "inaccessible" message was displayed and the WiFi indicator turned blue to indicate that there was no WiFi connection. This happened several times and prompted me to call TracFone for assistance.When I told the rep that I read a lot of reviews stating problems with WiFi connectivity, the TracFone representative confirmed that they  know about the problem and they were expecting Samsung to come up with a fix. Probably not going to happen.So, they offered me a replacement phone or a refund. I accepted the refund and had my old DMFL plan phone reactivated with a TMFL plan. I'm just waiting for the prepaid return label to arrive.I know a lot of people don't like TracFone customer service, but I must say that they were very good in resolving my problem with the phone.I might add that my Samsung Galaxy phone has never dropped the WiFi connection in my home.I hope this saves you a lot of time and potential headaches.UPDATE: 03/26/2013 After promising me a full refund for a defective phone, TracFone refunded only half my money. I called about he partial refund this morning and I got a customer support person who put me on hold every three minutes telling me he was updating my information for the "support" team and they had all sorts of "tools" to help them with my problem. It turns out TracFone will not refund the original "FREE" shipping charge or taxes. They tell me it it in their Terms of Service. I told them it applies to phones that work, not phones that are known to be defective.After hanging up on "Arnie", he had the audacity to call me back. I told him that he had no reason to be calling me back unless he was calling to tell me he was refunding my money. He told me we got disconnected. I told him it was going to happen again and promptly hung up.I take back what I previously said about TracFone customer service. They suck.You have been warned. Purchase from TracFone at your own risk.TracFone Trivia Fun Fact: TracFone has owned the TracFoneSucks subdomain name for the .com, .net and .org domains since August 2000. Why do you think they would want to own those domain names?

The purported WiFi does not work for me.  It picks up the signal, but then disconnects.  The phone use itself is satisfactory.

This is a very nice phone that has a lot of nice features. I got it because of wi-fi which works real good for me. The reason I don't give it a 5 star rating is 3 times in the last month it accidently called 911. I had it in my belt phone holder with the keys locked. I've had 5 Tracfones before this one and never had one incident before this phone.

Worst phone possibe, continues to pocket dial 911, even when locked. Recomend no one buy this model. Returned to Amazon, Amozon was very helpful and cooperative

Eats threw Minutes like nothing. would not recommend this phone to anyone. Cant connect to Wifi. cheaper and better getting a go phone.

disappointed in this phone, its okay but i took pics the other day thinking i can send it to my grandson and it says failed, service not available, yet when i bought this phone on hsn shopping network she said you can take and send pictures, i went to you tube and watched her demonstrate it again and she said you can take and send pictures, and yet i cannot do so, never buy this one again for sure

This isn't a smartphone, but it is pretty simple to use once you take the time to figure it out.We bought it for one of our teenagers who doesn't have the kind of social life that requires a big cell plan.  We decided to get the S390G because of the 3 G capabilites.  Our family cell phone plan doesn't include 3G, but we don't have need of it most of the time anyway.  We all have smartphones, but our carrier allows purchase without dataplan so we just use wifi.  Anyway, that's why we decided on this Tracphone.  When we go on trips, this phone should allow us to do any browsing for information we may require.  It's pretty simple to get wifi running.  He loves the ability to watch youtube videos, and look up things using the wifi.  Also, if you download youtube videos to the mini sd card you can actually watch them on the phone (mp4).  To view them, he had to go to camera, and view, play and then it will say too large; but then hit the arrow play button and an 8 min video will play.  Ones that are more like 6 min do work without the error, but I have been able to load a few 1/2 hour sitcoms on that are on Youtube in part 1 2 and 3 segments onto his sd card for him to watch on the phone when there isn't wifi (with the error it just takes one more push of a button).You can download the OperaMini App into the Games & Apps to browse the web instead of using the built in browser (which is kind of clunky).  The Opera browser is much better.  So I'm sure there's a few other apps that would work also, but I believe they are all online java apps so they won't really work without the browser so unless I'm wrong about that we won't really use many apps with this phone.  And he doesn't have a use for FB or Twitter etc.  I'll have to do some more playing with more apps to see what can and can't be done.The phone does have a calendar, notes, calculator, and alarm.  But there's really not a way to sync the calendar with your computer as far as I can figure out.  I would imagine there's a google calendar app that may work on it's own with wifi connection...?My only complaints are:The browser connection is on the front screen, so you do have to be careful not to connect to the browser if you haven't connected to wifi yet.It would be real nice if the keyboard was a slide-out so that the actual screen size would be larger.Have to add contacts manually.For this price (less than $8.00 a month on the year plan on a triple minute deal), the benefits, and functionality are great.10/3/13 Have to add that Tracfone Customer service is wonderful.  Our son lost the phone, and we purchased another since they are under $20 to replace.  They moved the minutes, the plan time 1year, and the phone number to the new phone without hesitation. Not only once, but twice!  We activated in Jan 2013, and now have one year of service til June 2014 because of the lost time of not being able to use the phone because we spent 3 months looking the last time he lost one.

My rating for this phone is 4-1/2 stars.I bought this from Tracfone and paid 29.00 with triple minutes for life.Signal reception is the BEST I've ever had with any cell phone.Battery life is the BEST I've had with a cell phone. You can forget it existsfor a week and it will still have a charge on the battery. Great wake-up alarm too.This is NOT a smartphone, web browsing sucks on it, & the camera too.And yes, it will dial 9-1-1 even when the screen is locked.It happened to me when I butt-dialed 0-0-0.So I went and bought an inexpensive case. (ASIN: B009K6XLOC)Problem solved.Those things aside, this phone is reliable, crystal clear-sounding and sendsand receives in an outstanding fashion. I hope it lasts me a long time.I love it.

I really like it. It's just what I was looking and expecting for. I bought 2 of these phones. Me and my wife just love it

This is my 3rd Tracphone.  I was so surprised by all of the functions that is given on one phone.  I've had it for 2 months and still learning about this product.  The battery is never ending in it's power. I have gotten out in areas in Wyoming that my friends with T-Mobile and AT&T couldn't get out to call home. All in all well worth it. Looking for a phone with good standing?  This is IT!

phone works well but the tracfone instructions are not complete and I tried to chat with Samsung asking for instructions. they said I had to deal with tracfone. Who made the phone?

I like this phone a lot and I'm glad I bought it, the keyboard is easy to use and the alarm clock feature is convenient.I read reviews on about six phones and decided on this one.I got it on sale for $19.99 and free shipping.I would recommend it.

I ordered a S390G some time ago.A good phone for sure, otherwise I would not have ordered a second one.But again like the first time there is an issue activating a phone.The 1st phone had an invalid SIM Card number, and so does this one.Not happy.Perhaps Amazon needs to make sure the SIM Card are activatable when the customer gets the product.This is the reason for only giving a 2&#9733; Rating.

I do not use my cell phone often, so I didn't want to lock into any long term expensive plan.  The S390G has all the features I need.

I regret not being able to rate lower than one star.  This is for Tracfone service and support, not the phone itself.  After issues with activation, have been told twice now I would be sent a new SIM card since cannot activate with the ported phone number.  I might have lost my long used phone number in the process they are so incompetent.

I love a lot of features on this phone. It has one annoying problem though. Every time I get in my car or sit down, it unlocks itself. It then promptly logs onto the internet. I lose at least one to two minutes every day because of this faulty design. Now that I think about it I believe it was purposely designed this way. I sat down to write this review and the damn phone logged onto to the internet.There is no way to lock this phone off the internet. If you put it into your pocket it will unlock itself and bleed your minutes from you. AVOID this phone. It's a shame because all other features work well. The browser is tough to negotiate as well.I do not recommend this phone.

I say 'almost' because I will be completely satisfied once I've learned all I need to know about my new S390G. It's pretty involved.It's a good looking phone, nice weight balance. Also purchased the carrying case for on the job, and another rubberized protective case to switch off (color red). Was a little disappointed in not receiving along with my phone the micro SD card (thought I had read prior to purchase that one came with the package). Other than that, this phone is a good buy at $19.99! Delivery was right on time.

I've had this phone for 2 months and overall it works pretty well for me. I dont care to chat on the phone much so now my wife and I text each other instead which is only 0.3 minutes each time. The main problem bugging me is, as others have said, that even though I "lock" the keyboard, the phone has dialed 911 at least 4 times now now while in my pocket. Twice, the police have called me back asking if Im OK, though I did not know that my phone had called an emergency. Seems really unlikely that the keypad #s 000 or 911 are being pressed while in my pocket.

So far this has been a reliable phone, more so than the SIII brick after an update.  Good replacement if you've had reliability issues with smartphones.  The money I'm saving monthly with Net10, will pay for ETF in 4 months.

I have had the same phone for six years now. I wanted to upgrade to the qwerty keyboard. This particular model has decent  sized keys. I am still getting used to it. It works great if you aren't requiring a 'smart phone'.

I really like this phone.  It makes phone calls that I can hear.  Texting is relatively easy even for my large fingers.  Web access works great too.  The triple minutes mean I will be paying only 99 a year for service.  This cut my bill from the other company by over 500 per year.

Good cell phone choice.Pros: Forever triple minutes;QWERTY, easy to text; 2mp camera, good enough for pictures; WI-FI; that's surprising !!!Cons: 30cents/message---50% more expensive than regular tracfone; costs A LOT minutes to send a picture message.

This phone thinks it can read my mind and self corrects anything it can't seem to associate to the English language.  Like a person's name, first or last.  If the name has unfamiliar spellings, the phone will change it.  For 2 months now I cannot get the phone to recognize names in my contact list.  It will blatantly change the spelling!  It even changes the spellings or words to what it believes the content refers to!  My boss has a strange spelling of her first name-Joni.  The phone will not allow me to type it!! It changes it to the strangest words!!  I cannot text some names and some words because of the &#34;auto correct&#34;. My texting has become a joke to everyone for the foolish things my auto correct comes up with!  It is now the topic of the office jokes!  My Smarter than me phone.

If you want all the bells and whistles, get an Iphone or Android. If you want a phone that has a QWERTY keyboard, camera, bluetooth, and music player - this would be a decent phone to do the job.I got this to replace a cheaper contract phone through Tracphone. It has wifi, but it is extremely limited to what you can do with it. I believe it is pretty much useless. The phone's browser does not support Java or Flash, making almost every modern website difficult or impossible to bring up. Don't count on listening or watching music or videos online.The only thing I like is the camera and the music player, and Bluetooth. Other than that, it is a blackberry-like phone. It all depends on what your needs and wants are in a phone.

ok but not what i wanted but 3x min made it ok ill make do until i find other 3x min phone

This phone would be great except that it has one fatal flaw. With the keypad locked it will pocket dial 911 when a wide variety of keys get accidentally pushed - 000, or 11 followed by any other key will call 911 every time. Tracfone has refused to respond to my inquiries on this very serious issue. On several occasions 911 operators were forced to waste their time confirming that I did not have an emergency. How many people with real emergencies had to wait for help because of this phones defective programing?

I am please with my phone and feel that I got a bargain with it. I do wish it had larger keys and a way to get more contrast on the screen for viewing in the sunlight,but from what I can tell most phones have that issue.

I switched from the LG 500 model to this phone, and while I'm having a hard time adjusting to the features, and I find some to be problematic, the triple minutes alone will make up for the low cost of the phone very quickly.  I haven't inadvertently called 911 so far (it has been a month.)  It does sometimes try to go online or access other files while the keyboard is locked.  It connects to my dsl, and that wasn't too difficult, but when I try to access the web, I get an error message that the web page is too big for the screen, so that hasn't worked out.  But, I don't use my phone for anything but calling and texting, so it doesn't really bother me.  Still, I wish I could go online when out and about to find directions to a location, or the nearest restaurant or whatever.  I bet there's a setting I could change if I knew how.  (It does not come with a manual, btw.)  I did hope I would be able to receive phone calls via dsl because I don't get reception at home, but that probably just reveals how not-tech-savvy I am.  The most irritating thing about the phone, for me, is that there's no quick way to get to my contacts.  I have to go to menu, then contacts, and then find the person I want to call.  My old phone had a shortcut that was very convenient.  Also, the little &#34;mousepad&#34; is very hard to use.  I always over scroll, then over scroll back again, often clicking on the wrong things before I finally get it set in the exact right spot when I select.  (You can also use the volume control to scroll, but mine jumps around when I use it.)  So, those are all of the little annoyances, but for someone who just needs a basic phone, this works great and the price is right.

This is a great phone except that it will be dialing emergency all the time on you. I called on it and they say it is built in so basically with it locked it comes unlock very fast, as all you have too do is hit opposite keys, and then the next key you hit a 911 operator you hear in your pocket. I have set everything on this phone too try too shorten screen time so it locks again but over 2 years I must of dialed or pocket dialed emergency over 20 times and got a lot of them before connection so lets make that more. Lots of voice mail from emergency telling me too lock the phone which I had and even got a case to try too prevent it. Finally I got a motorola no wifi that I can carry and not worry about. What a relief! I do not know why they have to make it so easy too call sos which is 911. The rep said that is in case of emergency like if you are abducted and yes it would work as all you would have too do is move a little and it will butt dial it for you. But usually if samsung did some research but by that time the robber or abductor has everything you had in your pocket or purse

People are correct in their criticism of this phone's poor design.You unlock it easily via the two large rocker buttons next to the track-pad. Hit one then the other and it's unlocked then just hit the right one again and the browser is launched. . . You guessed it, you will be launching the browser quite often by accident. This phone seems purposefully designed to kill your minutes as quick as possible.Secondly, because the rocker buttons are so easy to activate, the screen will always be on because. . . well, a button is being "pressed" whenever it is in your pocket, bag, etc. Absolutely horrible design here!WIFI. . . well, what a poor wifi setup! Usually, any decent device will connect to our wifi without a problem and automatically with a password. Not this POS! No, it has the wrong security by default. . . and how do you change it? Good luck finding that out! It is about as obvious as. . . well, it's not obvious at all!After having a few bad experiences with other Samsung products, I've written them off now as a company that can make good hardware but has absolutely no business writing software and/or designing products. . . I will avoid their products from now on whenever possible, unless another company is in charge of design and software (e.g. Google's Nexus phone).

1) Emergency calls when keyboard is locked.  My wife has called 911 a few times by accident by keeping this in her purse.  This is a &#34;Feature&#34; of Tracfone and not necessarily an issue with the phone.  Any Tracfone phone that has an exposed keyboard will have this problem.  Solution is to dial two or three numbers before locking the screen2) Web Browser button and back button is the same. Many times when backing out of the menu we accidentally go into the web browser. You can disable/restrict some of the apps but not the browser3) Minor issue, unable to find a case for it to cover the keys to prevent #1 above4) Minor issue, will charge off any micro usb cable that I've tried with a computer, but seems to need it's samsung AC adapter when trying to charge from a wall outlet.Other than the above, the phone works well and locks onto a signal quickly after turning on.

Bought this as an upgrade for my teenage son.  Easy to port over his number, maintain minutes, etc.  Triple minutes great deal.  Have not been able to use the wi fi feature, though, this does not interest him.  I bought a similar phone (LG model) as an upgrade for myself (from HSN) and it works great as well, including wi fi.  Wi Fi nice for transferring pictures from the phone; otherwise, little use for me, though, could imagine might be nice to use to check email or the like when at Starbucks or other hot spot when my ipad or computer not available.

Im a former blackberry user...like a power user, and this phone is perfect, keyboard is great, screen is clear and crisp, whats not to like?

I just bought this phone based on Kelly's review, and am waiting for it to activate.  I love everything about it, except that the display hurts my eyes.  The colors are strikingly vivid and smooth when I view the phone *sideways*, but looking at it in its intended orientation causes distortion that is different for each eye.If anyone has any advice to minimize this effect (all I've found so far is just to hold it at arm's length, which helps with the eye strain but doesn't reduce overall distortion) I'd be grateful.

It's a good phone if you need a prepaid, I use it as an alarm clock at the moment because I don't need it as a phone at the moment. The battery last long like 3 days I think.

The phone seemed to be identical to the one sold on the tracfone website, but it isn't compatible with my service area.

What a huge let down.  Fully expected a lot better working phone than this from the manufacture.  The biggest letdown is the very faint signal when a text has arrived.  No way to adjust the volume for the text notification.  There are a lot of other more user friendly phones on the market than this one.  I will be looking for something else.

Does everything it should but can't get the the wifi to connect. Other people have had the same problem and I have seen fixes for this but haven't had time to work on it.

great new features nice and light,thin but very sensitive on middle scroll button,possible able to change sensativaty but overall great new phone

I've had this phone just over a month . I'm giving it 4 stars because of the stupid 911auto dial (are you listening samsung),and the browser button placement (trac fones fault)Because of those two faults( my water bottle almost dialed 911) this phone scared me at first , and  so I couldnt love itBut a holster and learning to look at the back button fixed those problemsA month later I really like the phone  ,it sounds good from both ends even on speaker ,the music player sounds decent and it took a loaded 16g card no prob , the wifi is way fast on any open network ,track is using a different web provider  than a few years ago and it seems wide open , even on tracs net the browser is fast ,I downloaded opera mini from the opera site works fine but slower than tracs setup, .I'm getting old and I need my readers to see the buttons ,,,bummer, and the track pad takes a little getting used toIt gets signal from the mountains around Tucson  cricket dident ,and track is way cheaper,,, very coolI ported in on saterday after 6pm on the web ,it was live 2pm sunday

Have had the phone a week or so, playing with it daily learning its features. Having had a couple other Tracfones, the learning curve is not that steep. This phone however also has the wi-fi feature, which is a definate bonus in Tracfone land. Triple minutes for life, also a plus. Manuals and other intel are easy to find online. It has a comfortable quality feel and looks nice too. Samsung quality with Tracfone benefits.

Use the phone for calls and text messages I like the old school buttons for texting...just easier to work with.

This is a good phone but I have had a problem with it dialing emergency calls without any action.even though the keypad is "locked" This is a big issue and searches on the web have confirmed that others have the problem. No solutions have appeared yet. Tracfone has been of no help.

Can't read screen outside in daylight. Phone is worthless unless you only use inside.I will toss it in the garbage and buy one I can read outside in daylight.

The phone has good reception. The wifi has not worked for me. In trying to connect it will not connect. I've tried taking the battery out and rebooting with no results. The browser is not very good in my opinion. The keys are small and take a little getting use to.

I had been with TracFone for over five years before buying this phone.  My first TracFone was a nearly indestructible Motorola V170 flip phone.  That phone had free incoming text which was really nice and I had bought a lifetime double minute card for it.  I wore out my belt holsters for it, some in as little as a day and eventually started keeping it in my pocket uncased.  I started with it in my hip pocket and broke the antenna off (a little nubby antenna) in a couple of days.  Replaced the antenna and moved the phone to my front pocket where it lived for many many years only getting slight scratches on the outside from my keys.  When it started falling apart, I could only find one like it for over $100 on eBay and I had only spent around $30 new at Wal Mart on it to begin with.  The battery didn't quit on me until after five years.  (I kept it turned off except when I was using it or expecting a call.  Once it started falling apart, it took about a year for the screen quit working, but I could still charge it and make calls with it.  Then it started being hard to turn on.  So began my search for a new TracFone because I liked the TracFone system and the phone was so well made.I finally picked the S390G because of the free triple minutes for life and the WiFi.  I read all the reviews at the time and decided I could probably live with it even if I didn't like it much.  After about 11 months the "mouse button" or "trac pad" quit letting me scroll or move about on the screen with it.  It still worked as a button when you pressed it, but wasn't much use if you couldn't scroll to what you needed to press on.  Then a couple weeks later it would sometimes charge and sometimes not.  I thought maybe it was just the battery wearing out so I bought a new one at Batteries Plus for $40 (twice the price of a new phone with a new battery) and found out it wasn't the battery.  I returned the battery.......So began my search for a third TracFone.  There was only one other model with WiFi besides the S390G.  I decided I didn't want to try the other TracFone with WiFi and I liked the S390G well enough to go ahead and get another one.Now for the pros and cons of the S390G based on owning one for a year and a 2nd one for a week:Pros:WiFi - the WiFi on the first phone would connect to some sources and not connect to others.  I have converted several Linksys and Cisco/Linksys wireless routers to repeaters running on dd-wrt firmware, so I know what I am doing in this area.  The WiFi would not work with my home router or repeater.  All my computers and my Wii system will work on my home router and my repeater.  Even my broadband home phone would work over the repeater.  The S390G would connect to an out of town library I used to go to a lot every time I tried.  All other sources would either not connect at all, or would connect and disconnect right away.  So aside from getting a few games while connected at that library, the WiFi was pretty much useless on my first S390G.  The new S390G connected to my home system right from the box and I have tried it on one other WiFi source so far and it worked there where my first S390G would not.Voice Recorder - You can voice record on this phone and then save as a voice message, ring tone, or alarm tone.Alarms - You can set multiple alarms on this phone.  You can set each one for different days or activate them for one day only.  You can set a different sound for each alarm.  You can record a message and set it to an alarm to play the message when you want the message as a reminder.Cons:Apps - about 99% of the apps will not run on it.  And if your app requires an internet connection, you will be charged for internet usage unless you are connected to a WiFi source.  I finally went through all the reviews of this phone looking for app sources.  I eventually found out that your apps have to be java apps that are jar/jad compatable AND I only found one web site with free java jar/jad compatable games that were worth keeping on the phone.  So far I have been unable to find that site for the new phone and will have to go back through all the reviews so I can find it and get some games for this phone.  BTW, when you are using WiFi and you lose the connection, you have about 1 second to get the browser closed or the 3G connection will kick in and you will start being charged minutes.Internet browser hot key - My phone never had a problem pocket dialing 911.  However, the power but got pressed in my pocket a lot and the internet browser hot key got pressed a lot too.  Most of my minutes were stolen through this flaw on this phone.  I could not find a hard case anywhere to use with this phone.  I eventually got a nice soft case made by Golla that had a side zipper pouch and a velcro flap that had a padded pouch and a non padded pouch under the flap.  The phone fit in the padded pouch very nicely, but would still turn on and off in my pocket and would still connect to the 3G in my pocket because of the browser hot key.  There is no way to disable this hot key or to make it open a different browser.  I eventually started taking my battery out when not in use and putting the phone in the padded pouch and the battery in the unpadded pouch.  Now with the new phone I keep the extra battery charged and in the zipper pouch as an extra in case the other one goes dead about the time I really need to make or receive a call.Small keys - I used to text a lot with my old flip phone.  I rarely text any more with this phone.  Even after using it a year, it is just plain hard to text on and my fingers are not even all that large.Conclusion:I liked the phone well enough to buy it again, but I doubt many people would be willing to remove the battery when not in use.  I did buy a nice gel case with the new phone.  It was a gel case made for this model and fits nicely and now I just leave the back battery cover off the phone and the gel case holds the battery in place when I am using the phone.  I just take the lower have of the gel case off to remove the battery and then put the gel case back in place to keep dust out.  The gel case makes for a slightly tight fit in the soft case, but it works.  Be sure to read other reviews of this phone and decide if this is the phone for you.....or not.

It is a budget phone very useful, and the unit very easy to navigate the keypad. I would like purchase the phone if need another one.

Easy to type on and use and the navigation button works like a touchscreen so you don't have to press tiny parts of a button to get somewhere. It is a little bit wider than most phones also, just enough to make it easier to text. I love it! Triple minutes didn't hurt either!

The Samsung S390G is a terrific phone especially at the Amazon price. The phone has all the &#34;smartphone&#34; features that I was looking for. It was very easy to set up. I have been using the Tracphone service for over five years & have been very satisfied for their system. I enjoy the prepaid service. I was waiting for them to introduce &#34;smartphones&#34; & the Samsung is a great choice.

This is a preliminary review because I just activated the phone today.  I like the feel of the phone--sturdy but not too heavy, and a good comfortable size in the hand.  So far, the format is easy to figure out and seems user friendly.I had read all the reviews for this phone and one other Tracfone before ordering.  Some reviewers indicated that the minutes on their old phone had not only transferred to their new triple minute phone, but that the old minutes had been multiplied in the process.  My minutes transferred with no problem but they were not multiplied, and I asked the Tracfone rep about it.  I was told that only the new minutes I buy on this phone will be tripled.  That was disappointing. I had added minutes very recently to my old phone.  So if you plan on buying a triple-minute phone, hold off on buying minutes until then.  I wish I had not trusted those reviews.I had a very old Tracfone before this (a tiny thing that probably cost $15 and may have lasted 10 years or more) and minutes were deducted by the second, not by the whole minute.  I had also read some reviews that mentioned this nice feature of Tracfones.  Well, this one deducts whole minutes only, except for when you check your messages.  Another disappointment.  I asked the rep if there are any new phones that use the more thrifty approach, and was told no.I'll use this Samsung mostly as a phone, less for the internet.  But once I've tried out its features I will add to the review.

I purchased this particular phone for the wifi capability. I have spent numerous hours personally trying to troubleshoot the issue. I also spent an hour on chat with Tracphone and another hour+ with my internet provider. Neither could help. When I try to connect to my home network, it just says "Authentication Failed" and "Disconnected." So, I'm returning this phone and trying another. I'll come back and lower my stars even further if the next one does the same thing.I like the ability to have an SD card. My last Tracphone didn't have that.The camera is not so great, you can't zoom in, there's no flash, and pics are low quality.The track button in the center was tricky to get used to because it's so sensitive.Everything else works fine and it has more capabilities than my other Tracphone.It's a good price for the phone, will be even better with one that can connect to wifi.p.s. I have never had a pocket dial or call to 911.

LOVE IT, it does everything I need , I use it for emergencies, I don't feel alone ,when I need to run errans, certainly great for the money!!

In order to get to point where you can use voice commands, you have to go thru 3 or 4 screens. By that time, you might as well have dialed the number...  Also haven't figured out how to just put in web address.... seems like it will only go to major sites..

The phone does all it advertised.  Good quality, easy to set up and getting triple minutes really adds to the savings.  If there is a complaint it's how easily the phone can be on line without knowing it. I don't know if this is done on purpose, since this is my second Samsung with the same Internet button being in an easy place to log on.  Twice I have taken the phone out of the holder and saw I was on line, good bye minutes.  The text keys are small but I do not have a problem using the text keys.  The sound is great, bluetooth was easy to set up.  So far I am totally satisfied with the cell phone.

I seldom use a telephone. I have been a trakphone subscriber for about ten years. Recently I determined that the best way to communicate with my grandchildren was by text. The old trakphone I had just was not up to that. So, I selected the S390G because it has a keyboard and was inexpensive. I chose it before reading the reviews (mistake). I read the reviews after receiving the phone (bigger mistake). The problem of pocket dialing 911 would have been a showstopper had I found it earlier. A little experimentation,however, indicated that the problem occurs even when the keyboard is locked and zero is dialed more that three times, not 911, but zero. Samsung in their infinite wisdom probably thought of that as a safety feature, although, it is hard to imagine why. And, they didn't bother to mention it in any of the documentation. Well, the fix, which has worked for me thus far, seems to be a hard case that encloses the keyboard (search &#34;black rubberized phone holster combo for samsung&#34; at $14.99). I find I really like this phone otherwise. I am using the MP3 player much more often than the phone. I also use the internet connection (caution use only WiFi the 3G connection will eat your minutes) frequently to check the metro schedule and weather forecast and send photos. The camera is not great for high quality photos, but is good for snapshots when your camera is not handy. The camcorder is of low quality, and I have not yet been able to get sound from that to transfer to my PC along with the video. The phone has a number of neat gadgets which I will probably never use after playing around with them during the first month. The progressive loudness alarm will be nice while travelling. All in all a pretty good device for the money. I have also acquired a couple of useful accessories. The Samsung EHS60 earbuds have adequate sound quality and permit making and receiving calls while listening to music. I will be using the Witz smartphone locker (perfect fit) in my kayak and on backpacking trips.

This phone was purchased to replace an LG 800G;this phone has actual buttons which work much much better than the touch srceen on the LG 800.  It would take me several minutes to send a text on the LG, yes I do have large fingers, I asked  others with smaller fingers to try typing same results.  I am glad I replaced the LG, This phone has worked very well, I really like the WI-FI feature.  Works very well, this phone is very similar to a Blackberry I borrowed from our IT dept when I traveled overseas for work a few years ago.  Not the same function as the newer I-Phones and Droids but on par with high end phones from a few years ago, works well for my needs.

Very confusing.. Buttons too small and hard to use. When you put it away in the case you wind up hitting the key pad.

I enjoy it's features in the manner that it has the little touch pad and having the full out keyboard. I also enjoy of how it has a general listing button that leads to your texts/customize it. I had the LG500 before and I wished its text button brought you to the general instead of opening a new text. I also enjoy of how the Micro SD inserts at the side so then you don't have to take out the battery for it. Then for the music part you can just hit end to bring you to the main screen where the lg500 made you take the long way in order to have it keep playing. The only items I don't enjoy about it is that withing the first week I had it "butt dial" twice. Once to 911. Another item I don't enjoy is that it don't come with any games, but it's worth those for all the other features. Another item that's a downer, but easy to fix is that during your text input if you hit two separate buttons too close to each other it repeats the second one hit, or with the space bar key it can respond in two different sides so if you try to hit the center then it will hit both sides and give it a . as well as the space. again in two matters, one you can put a different entry manner like an auto correct, and two the good outweigh the bad quite a bit. An item on the wi-fi, you do have to select your location each time you come there unlike the iTouch. You still have a general connection so that you don't have to put the code in again, you just have to select it.

Great phone if you are not wanting a smart phone with a monster size screen. This phone is great for the basics: talk and text.

I've been a Tracfone customer for MANY years, and love it and their products.  This was the first phone I ever had problems with.  I bought it new - and it was problem right out of the box.  It would randomly shut itself off and I couldn't turn it back on without taking the battery out and then it would turn back on.  It would go to a white screen or black screen, and again - I would have to take the battery out to restart it.. .I just called Tracfone and they're sending a replacement phone - we'll see what happens.  (I think I'm going to replace it with the LG530G, anyway...)This phone is also DIFFICULT to text on, compared to the excellent keys I had on my old Pantech 7040 "Link" . . .

I read many of the reviews here before I bought mine, there are some great reviews here spelling out all the phones features in detail. Two things I want to address right away: I had no problem connecting the wifi to my home network or to outside networks. The other major issue people raised is the butt dialing of 911. I've had my phone for a month and it has not happened once. I carry it with me every day, although it's not squished too tightly in my pocket.Pros:Reception is great, better than my Motorola 376g.Battery life is also great, it runs a week (wifi off) at a time without needing a charge.Wifi works well. The Opera Mini Browser is the best way to go. Youtube videos work fine, even on such a small screen.MP3 player sounds good.Micro SD card (not included). I've found this to be the best way for transferring files.Cons:There are very few good apps that work on this phone, most of the stuff at getjar is ad laden garbage that you can only use with the wifi on or face charges. I'm hoping to find some fully downloadable games that I can play offline.You can't turn off the &#34;Days left/Minutes left&#34; display. This is minor, but I like having it off so the phone doesn't look like a pay as you go phone.Overall I love this phone and would recommend it to anyone who uses tracfone. I've never had an expensive smartphone to compare it to, so I can't really speak to that end.

I was looking to get rid of my contract phone. I had tracphone in the past and never had a problem, so I went back to try to save some money. I don't need a phone with all the bells and whistles. This one does what I need, talk, text, camera. It has more features so read the description. So far it's worked great. Add in the triple minutes and you can't go wrong. If you use your cell alot, It might not be for you. But for me it's perfect.

i am a lite cell phone user.I work from home and have a landline so I pretty much only use a cell phone when I am out.I was paying too much with another company for an android plan that I was barley even using the phone for anything other than talk or text.I'm glad I switched to the Tracphone prepaid service and especially this phone.I havent had a problem yet with the pocket dialing like others have been saying..

We bought two of these phones and liked many things about them.  However, they dial 911 on their own without any action on our part and it's very embarrassing to have a Deputy Sherrif show up at your place of business to "see if you're all right!"  Tracfone Support is a joke!  They didn't help us at all but kept telling us they would.  We have used Tracfone for years and have ordered the LG840g to replace these useless phones. We hope we don't have the same problem with them.

This phone is a drag to use. Despite the keyboard allegedly being locked it calls friends in my address book and has also called 911 at least twice while in my belt case. The web browser is useless and takes ages to find anything. Forget looking at Facebook etc with it.Sometimes the phone just doesn't feel like calling anyone.I continue to be surprised that people rate Samsung products so highly.

I like it because:  typical tractracfone = low cost of usage, full keyboard for easier texts, triple minutes for extra value

I had one of Tracfone's early touch screen phones. I think it was a resistive style. I was not impressed, especially when it came to texting. I decided to go with this Samsung S390G &#34;Blackberry&#34; style. It is a great phone. It has a wider screen and body than most cell phones.The keys are bigger and spaced farther apart. It does not feel cheap and has a good weight to it. Sound quality is great. I can connect to any WiFi without using minutes. The experience is not that great, but if you needed to look something up online, you could. Since it is not a touch screen it has this center button that is very sensitive to movement of your finger. I actually like it much better than my old touch screen. The phone also has an external micro SD slot that you can load music onto. The built in media player and external speaker are good.

Purchased this phone due to the Triple minute offer as this we be used for my daughter's first phone.  I can limit the amount of time and keep track of minutes used very easily.  I can also control the amount of money she/I use for airtime.  Most definitely will purchase again.

Be careful with this phone. If you save more than 10 networks, you will be locked out of using any network other than those same 11. This appears to be a firmware problem with this phone. Check this Youtube video out which describes the problem.http://youtu.be/Aqn8Iimi9SM

I  just got  it  and have not activeated it.  I am entering this via the  phone via my encrypted wifi.  The  phone  automatically selected  the correct encryption;  etc.  All I  did was select my network and enter my  password.  Make  sure youu  watch the screen as you enter it to check for mistakes before it hides each character.  You  need to hit  the  Alt key to enter a number.  That's all for now-keyboard  is  big enough but not used to  it yet.  Not mishitting much  at  all.

I am very pleased with this phone!  I've been using Tracfone for years because I don't have the money to pay for Smartphones and their expensive monthly services.  However I've always wanted a cellphone with similar features.  I believe that this phone comes close.* It connects to the internet.If you use Wi-fi, you don't have to spend any minutes.* It can text quickly.Finally I can send quick messages without having to triple click the same button for a single letter.* It can take pictures.My last phone also had a camera, but these pictures look better and I can put them on my computer using a USB cord (sold separately.)* I can play good games.  I found them while searching the web and downloaded them.* I can customize my ringtone.  I download free midi songs rather than pay for the ones that Tracfone sells.I am very grateful to the some of the past posters of this product.  Their reviews were very informative.  If you're looking for a more high tech Tracfone then give this one a chance.  It's definitely worth the price.

I bought it because it was wifi capable, so I thought cool, I can have internet access without paying through the nose and can catch hotspots. Unfortunately, the screen is small, and the internet is so limited. It doesn't give you an actual browser. I don't even know how to describe it. You get links to google, yahoo and a couple other sites. Its very difficult to navigate, or see what you do manage to pull up. I was pretty bumbed, but you get what you pay for. Cheap price cheap phone.I actually never activated it, so I can't review the phone call quality or any other features. I was able to stay with my old provider, so I was more than happy to stay with my old simple Samsung Intensity slide out that I had, than switch to the cheap tracfone model. So, I did not switch to the Tracefone and the phone is sitting in a box.

Everything on this phone works, and works great!  Wi-fi worked the first time, and is reliable every time.  Easy to figure out and use.  About the only thing that took a bit to find was how to 'rotate' through different alternate words when texting.  A finger slide up on the black touch pad selects alternate words to use.  Which brings me to the other thing about this phone.  That black center button is actually a touch-sensitive pad, much like one found on a laptop.  It took a bit getting used to, but is now intuitive and functional.A quick visit to mob.org and I was able to fill this phone with plenty of FREE background wallpapers, ring-tones, and Java games.  No need to shop in the tracfone online store and pay through the nose.  I also had a 4GB micro-SD card that I filled up with purchased iTunes music; plus some Windows WMA and generic MP3 music.  They all played on this Samsung S390G phone with no problems!  Be careful about getting cases for this phone.  Most on Amazon are for the Samsung S390 (note the missing G) and do NOT fit this S390G phone.  The leather ones seem to work fine, but the hard cases don't.The camera takes decent picks.  It's a step up from the VGA camera I had on my previous flip-phone, but it's no hi-end camera like a dedicated camera and doesn't have a flash.  The speakerphone is clear and actually plays music quite well for its size.  This phone has blue-tooth and has an option for sending music to a pair of blue-tooth ready headphones, although I haven't tried that feature yet.This phone has the ability to tie into an e-mail account. For any corporate users out there, there is an additional option to tie into an Exchange E-mail server at work.  That makes this S390G very Blackberry-like.This S390G Samsung phone from Tracfone is about as close as you can get to having a smart-phone without paying the high monthly service fees.  I'm not saying this S390G is as flexible or feature-laden as a true smart-phone, but it's a major step up from the traditional flip-phone features offered from Tracfone.

For 20bucks and the 15bucks a month a pay for minutes on this phone it's good enough for me. I only use it when I need it to make a quick call or just to carry with me when I'm driving. I'm not a cell phone person but when I was I can immediately see everything about this phone to hate. They keyboard is annoying because the most important part THE NUMBERS YOU DIAL! are so tiny and hard to press. Also let me not forget to add try calling when the number is Phrase or business name like 1800flowers or 1800Pickups because you cannot! There are no letters on the number dials like a standard phone. The most annoying feature however is the slide button in the center. It's extremely touch sensitive and navigating with it is painfully annoying. It's almost like playing ring toss at a carnival trying to get the rings centered on your target while it goes everywhere else but there.The phone also seems to enjoy costing you money/minutes by going into the browser at the slightest touch... oh I'm sorry they installed a GIANT button next to the slider that enters you in browser mode anytime you "oversteer" accidentally with the annoying slider button. How many times do you think an adult human finger is going to slide off the tiny center button and tap the large button next to it? MANY TIMES! and Net10 knows this and so does Samsung. It will readily enter browse mode at the slightest of touches and it's annoying. 9/10 times I use this phone the browser goes off. Another problem with the phone aside from that issue is its lack of durability. I brought a case for the phone but none of the cases seem to come with a complete face cover to kept the buttons form being pressed. These new phones may have superior tech but they are inferior when it comes to durability and practicality to a flip phone in every way. This phone is too big and too flat to fit in my pocket and it just leaves your phone open to getting lint and debris on the phone and buttons not to mention being scrunched and pressed while you're carrying it around. As a man I carry my Keys and my wallet with me when I leave the house. Tell me... if you've ever seen a mans key set or the bulky wallets we carry around there's no room for this over sized flat phone to fit in our pockets comfortably. It's like carrying around a Cable TV remote in your pocket.I for the most part gave up on the idea of carrying the phone on me I usually leave it in my car when I'm out. Which is fine because I hardly find myself needing to call someone at the spur of the moment but if I do I know a quick walk to my car and there I go. I still have my old flippy phone from Net10 that I also rarely used and will probably seek to have that reactivate with a new Simm card if this phone ticks me off enough. I like my flip phone. It was sleek enough to drop in my pocket and never got in the way of anything. Plus, it did it's job of taking and sending calls quite well. Half the features on this phone I don't need and won't use but for 20 bucks it's whatever. It's more modern looking compared to the usual "This is a cheap prepaid phone" look that these phones usually carry. It looks up to date and it has a camera on it that has video capture and takes photos...too bad it's the worst camera quality and video quality you have ever seen in your life. My old LG flip phone I had 8 years ago from Verizon took better pictures and videos than this thing and I WISH! and I do mean I WISH! I was kidding about that but I am not at all!. This thing doesn't even have a flash on it while my old LG flip phone did. If I could someone how resurrect that phone from the dead and all 2 Pieces it ended up in I would keep that phone for like I loved that phone.The Samsung S390G for me is just a temp phone until I feel the need to use the phone more frequently then I will purchase a better phone and leave Net10 while I'm at it. Net10 is okay if you DON'T use your phone for much other than "Hi, Hello, How are you" 5 minute conversations or "I'm just calling your store to see if you have this item in stock" type of phone calls. This is NOT! and do mean NOT! in all capital letters with the exclamation mark at the end, type of phone for conversations with the NET10 service. Your minutes will be gone faster than McDonalds #1 SuperSized Combo down a fat man's throat. Anything and everything you do to this phone costs minutes and none of them are created equal. Sending a picture 1-2minutes, receiving a picture 2-4 minutes. Browser .50 minutes every time you hit the button. Text .50 minutes everytime you hit send not to mention .50 every time you receive a text from someone else. That includes the many random Text you'll get from strangers that used to be friends of the previous owner for the phone number Net10 provided you on top of the scam text and calls.These phones are kind of like Hour glasses. From the moment you get them or charge them up with minutes the time/grains of sand just begin to tumble downwards and there's nothing you can do about it but watch them leave the reservoir then once they're all gone you flip the hour glass over or in this case recharge your minutes and it's back to the same game again. Prepaid phones in general are just made to keep you coming back and purchasing more time and losing that time and purchasing more time again just to keep the phone active. It used to be smarter to just get a regular phone plan but with prices so high as they are now for phone plans prepaid is almost economical depending on how you use it. Those Smart phones don't seem so smart when you're spending over 1,500 a year just to have one.

My husband and I each have one of these phones and they both dial 911 randomly by themselves.  This happens when the phone is kept in a pocket or purse and the keyboard gets pressed.  I have looked on the web and other people complain of this same problem with so solution.  It doesn't matter if the keyboard is locked; the calls to 911 continue.

This phone was exactly what I was looking for. An inexpensive model with triple minutes that I could easily text on. Using data is super inexpensive. I use it mainly to look up sports scores on ESPN (I disable pictures which means after 15 minutes of browsing scores, I've used only used a minute or at most 2)The down side is how easily it is to pocket dial 911. I've unfortunately done this multiple times to my great embarrassment. I'm not sure what a good workaround for this would be.

First, let me say, it dialed 911 on its own as I was fishing for something else in my purse. But do one or two things: (1) Hold down the Alt key for about three seconds to really lock the phone; don't just tap it once. (2) Hold down the End key to turn off the phone and keep holding it until you see the closing screen come on. After that mortifying 911 event, I feel more educated about the phone. But I do turn it completely off if I'm adding it to my purse on a day full of errands.Have yet to set up internet connection as I'm on a strict budget, but someone in an earlier review gives a great set of instructions for that which I will attempt at a later date.Love the keyboard. Yes, it is small, but not as small as the virtual keys on my son's screen phone.And I love the other review where the guy speaks of paying $80 annually for minutes. Way less than the $10/month plans over twelve months. Oh, and y'all should know that while there is a time deadline added to the minutes purchase, they are consecutive not cumulative. They do not overlap even if you buy two separate minutes purchases only like five minutes apart.And, yes, this is totally superficial, but I love how it looks similar to my friend's BlackBerry.

Ok now normally I don't ever bother with writing reviews but I felt compelled to warn other people who may be interested in purchasing this phone.I have had this phone for a month now. In that months time, this phone has cost me a $1000 fine, loss of friends and I have been put on several &#34;blocked lists&#34; from my contacts stored in the phone. Now for the explanation of all this...This phone will auto dial &#34;Emergency Services&#34;. No joke. Even with the screen/keypad lock activated. Just recently it was placed on my kitchen table, no one around it and it called 911. I couldn't believe it. When I received that callback from 911, I was informed that they had received ANOTHER call from this #. When I explained what had happened I was informed to contact Samsung and possibly get a replacement phone. Oh and I was issued a $1000 fine for misuse of 911 services. Nice. Now, I stressed the word &#34;ANOTHER&#34;. This phone calls 911 around 2 times a day, all by itself. It will auto dial people in your contacts list. It has called 99% of everyone in my list and if that person does not answer...the phone will ring back to you, making you think that you are receiving a call from someone when in reality the phone is doing a call back which means that when you answer the phone, you hear a ringing as if you are calling that person. They are not on the line. Oh and most of the time this will happen when the phone is not on your person or in your pocket. OMFG. My contacts have &#34;Blacklisted&#34; me because of this. And of course, the keypad and screen are always LOCKED. Many of my contacts have requested that I remove them from my contacts list. Which sucks. Then again I don't blame them. Oh and this is a Tracphone. Which means that every-time the phone chooses to auto dial, I lose minutes. Thankfully when I reach 0 min I will stomp this phone into a million little pieces.Now for the phone itself. If you think this phone will make a good QUERTY phone for texting, think again. You cannot adjust the auto text feature in it. It will input words for you that it thinks you mean with absolutely no way of correcting it. On the main screen there is a &#34;Browser&#34; word meaning if you push a certain button the internet will start. OMG another way that you will lose minutes quickly. That button for Browser is next to the &#34;end call&#34; button. Therefore every time you hang up a call, 9 times out of 10 you will activate the browser. And not even realize it. Bye Bye minutes.I honestly wish I could say something positive about this cellphone. Wait, I think I may have one. Its slim and easy to hold. Should make it much easier to smash when the time comes to destroy it. :) Now, im off to pay my fine.

TracPhone is the way to go.  I rarely, if ever, need a cell phone.  I have never owned one nor know how to operate the darn things.  Since deciding it made good sense to have one in the car for emergencies (don't forget to buy a car charger separately), I did a lot of investigation as to the absolutely cheapest, most reliable way to accomplish that.  TracPhone!...hands down.  I researched Target, K-Mart, Rite Aide and Radio Shack.  All were the same price but none had a model with the features I wanted.  The difference was that only at Radio Shack could I find anyone who knew what the heck they were talking about.  My criteria for a phone included a camera (still and video), web access, full QUERTY keyboard, easy to use/program, voice commands, well built, all the other bells & whistles (WI-FI & Bluetooth, MP3, voice activated and easy APPS) and reasonably priced.  All, and more, were included with the Samsung S390G....plus it came with Lifetime Triple Minutes.  None of the mentioned stores had the model that would do all that.  The Samsung was listed at $50 everywhere online except on Amazon.  I got it for $32.  Then one must buy both 'minutes' and 'air time'....two different things.  The TracPhone web site had a special on both.  Combine the special and my 'triple minutes', I now have a years worth of air time and over 1400 minutes...all for less than $80.  The same type deal in a store was over $100.  Don't forget to purchase a large memory card.  I started with only 4G until I see if I need a larger one.  I have now programmed the phone with all my needed phone numbers, added my e-mail accounts, recorded my personal greeting and downloaded my favorite ring tone...the theme from Law & Order...  My overall opinion is one can't go wrong with this deal if it meets your economic needs.

Still working strong!  I bought 2 of these, one for me and 1 for my daughter.  Both are working great.  No issues except from time to time they show bars, but no service, if you power cycle them, they work fine.  The internet browser is lame, however at least it has internet.  Bluetooth work great!

it only worked for a month.  thanks for taking my money for crap.i will not but again  from you. thanks

initial impression is very good...still haven't set-up many of the features, but in terms of the basics.....good phone and product

The Samsung S390G phone dials 911 inadvertently, when I have it in my pocket.  I am getting rid of it and discontinuing my service with Tracfone.  I don't see a decent phone offered for my area in Colorado.  I cannot even resell this Samsung phone to someone in good conscience.  There is no information provided by Tracfone regarding this 911 issue, or pocket dialing, or butt dialing, as it is sometimes called.  Now, in coming to the Amazon site, I see that even when the keys are locked, pressing the zero key three times dials 911.  This is unacceptable.  The phone must have dialed 911 eight or nine times in the short time I have had it.  I tried to buy a cover for the front of it- but I was unable to find one- though there appear to be covers for about 50 Samsung cell phones.  Never buy this phone!

Surprisingly good phone! Samsung is a great name so why should I be surprised? The keypad buttons are a bit small but the screen is large enough and getting on the web is more user friendly with the essential address window. Triple minute airtime is a good deal as well.

My son really love it.The key board and numbers are very small.I can't find a protection case for it. I have look everywhere for it.Oh, when I sent him a picture text for Christmas he said it took a lot of minutes from him just for that text.

I haven't tried to figure the phone out too much, but it isn't nearly as easy as my old flip phone. Just need to play with it a bit more. Receiving pics costs a lot more minutes than it did with my flip phone, old phone was 1.5+.3 minutes to get pic, the other day it cost between 5-8 minutes for each pic sent to me. Definitely not liking that!

This is the best cell phone I've ever had!  The screen is large & clear; the keypad is Ideal for texting; the battery lasts Very Long; the incoming & outgoing sound is clear & plenty loud, and the hands-free speaker is excellent.  When I bought it, the cost was $10 more than now, so it's a great bargain.  Another excellent feature: it gets reception in areas where other brands struggle .So overall, this is simply an Excellent cell phone, and I can think of only a couple Cons:The center "track pad" has Low sensitivity, so it is frustrating to move around the screen; fortunately, the track pad is mainly used to re-set options, so you won't use it that often.And secondly, the camera is fairly Low-Res, so if you use your phone to take lots of photos, that will probably frustrate you.A bit of history: I've owned Five cell phones prior to this one, and my last phone was a Fancy-Shmancy "Smart Phone".I have used the Samsung S390G for a year now ... and it is the Most Satisfying cell phone I've ever used.

This phone meet my expectations.  I can call, text, and check my email whenever I want to.  The price was right as a free phone with $20 purchase of minutes as well.Pro's.Call quality is very good.  Crisp, clear, and person on other end sounds good.Playing movies and tv shows are crystal clear, clearer than on a Blackberry 8310, 8530, and Samsung Acclaim.  I use Acala 3gp ripper to convert my dvd to digital 320x240 resolution.I have an 8gig microSD card in the phone, and it handles the card like a champ.  No issues, and the card is packed with 5 gig of music, and rest movies and TV shows.Con's.Texting is not too good, with the space bar entering a period if you press it wrong (If I tap the right side of the bar, it eliminates that issue.I have pocket dialed 911 2times, but both times the call did not connect (timer said 0.00), but it did show Emergency on my call history.  I try not to put the phone in my pocket as much, which means i do forget it home more often (can be a pro if i need to disconnect from the world).Overall it has been the best Tracfone I've ever owned.  I have had the LG500G, LG800G, LG320G, Motorola w260, Motorola W376g, and Samsung T109.Would I buy this phone again?  NO!!!  Too many issues with pocket dialing.

Nice enough phone for everyday use. Easy to use. WIFI works fine , just take the time to set it up right (about 5 minutes)

WOW AM I DISAPPOINTED; GOT MY PHONE UP AND RUNNING ONLY TO GET 20 MINS., CALLED TRACFONE AND THEY SAID "SORRY" GOTTA BUY A PHONE CARD AND THEN YOU GET YOUR TRIPLE MINUTES???  HAVEN'T DECIDED WHAT TO DO, MAY SEND THE PHONE BACK!! MISLEADING TO THE MAX!!!

I liked many of the phones features, but did not find it very customizable. I decided to deal, but (fortunately or not), it went DOA at the first charge. I unplugged it and it would not turn on, even after doing the shtick with the battery and resetting. Unimpressive.

worst phone ever! this phone went on the internet without me, even though i had it password blocked. i got wise and sent it back. i even lost some of my contacts on this phone! it ate my minutes like crazy!

exactly what I wanted in a phone, easy to use, price was great. thank you for making it so easy

This is one of my least favorite phones I've had. I freely admit I haven't learned all its tricks, mostly because it has some serious flaws and I use it as little as possible. I call it my fakeBerry, but a number of other things are fake beyond the Blackberry style. (I use this phone on the Net10 system, not Tracfone.)Number one reason I'm ditching the phone is the awkward voice dialing, because first and foremost I need reliable Bluetooth/hands free calling. The phone often has a hard time finding names in the contacts, despite that fact that I re-engineered many in an attempt to make them as unique as possible. It also has the most arcane way of distinguishing different phones for the same contact. It's not "Jack mobile", it's "Jack private mobile 1", where private is pronouced "preeVAYT" (rhymes with hate!). "Jack business" becomes "Jack landline business 1". Even if I remember this completely bizarre syntax, I will occasionally be informed "No Jack landline business 4 found", or something equally preposterous, as if I actually had four entries for Jack's landline business numbers. The system is laughably called "Nuance".If this voice dialing nightmare weren't enough of a deal-breaker, there are a number of other "features" I could do without:1) As others have noted, the cramped keyboard makes it really easy to insert periods into sentences when texting. As in. every other. word. This is a major pain. Compared to a smartphone (which is perhaps unfair), it's hard to manage the ALT key to get alternative characters. I now understand why so many texts have no punctuation, because it's really hard to see what symbols (', ! ?) are where, especially if you've lost your fine eyesight!2) The WiFi connection was easy to set up, but when I saw the browser, it's a serious "why bother?" Tiny screen, not user friendly. Can't even imagine what it would be like to see emails on this sucker.3) AT&T; service is inferior to Verizon in my area (southwest CT) - and this phone was partially to test how that would work out. I now know. I was in Asheville NC for a week and the battery drained itself twice with literally no use as the phone tried helplessly to get a signal. People with contract AT&T; had not much better luck, so I know it wasn't Net10's (or the phone's) fault.4) Phone does not always display when I have a voicemail. Not sure if this is Net10's fault or the phone's. It seems to display properly when I have a text, but not always a voicemail.5) The status icons are small and very hard to decipher. Kind of like dense Chinese characters, there is something oddly boxy about their rendering. I suppose I'd get used to them over time, but other phones I've owned have had much more intuitively obvious and more legible pictograms.6) Even with a good signal, battery life it rather poor, and I'm barely using the phone at all. It's also not very good at signalling when it's low - I've actually put the phone down with what seems to be two bars and come back a few hours later to find it dead. I've conditioned the battery as with all my cell phones, but it doesn't seem to have helped. Oddly, the battery indicator is opposite to most I've seen: instead of showing a solid battery that gets "hollow" as is discharges, the full battery has a series of bars {||| and then turns solid as it gets lower.Otherwise... I guess if you were giving this phone to a kid who didn't care about voice dialing and punctuation, it certainly looks sleeker than your typical slider. (Although honestly, a slider is a lot easier for texting.) The center button is rather touchy - it sort of functions like a joystick you use as a cursor in menus. I find myself overshooting things I'm trying to select because it is so sensitive. The phone was fairly easy to set up and most things seem fairly intuitive. For those who are interested, you can add your own ringtones to the phone free (except for airtime) by having someone send you a text with the ringtone attached. You then have the option of saving it as a ringtone. This burns up more than two minutes of airtime and takes some time (it's kind of a two-stage operation, and you get charged twice, once when you get the "header" info for the text, and once when the "data" comes through), but it's still cheaper than buying them.I'll keep this as a spare or a temp phone if I have to travel where AT&T; is better than Verizon, but for now I'm replacing it with a Verizon compatible phone.

After years and years of owning smartphones (blackberries and several androids) I found myself actually using my phones as a phone less and less. After integrating a tablet into my life in terms of web and email, I found that I had limited need for a smartphone. This phone is ideal for someone who wants a cheap way to call out and be called or occasionally text. Its simple, fairly easy to use, and the battery life is excellent.Do not buy a Tracfone if you plan to use a lot of minutes or text constantly. Texts are not free and equal about a 1/3 of a minute airtime (everything costs airtime).

This phone pocket dials 911 all the time and activates browser which uses up all your minutes while the phone is in your pocket.  Do NOT buy this phone if you plan on having it in your pocket or anywhere the keys can be hit by accident. The lock does not prevent this.  Some seem to think that this safety feature of the 911 override is necessary.  I don't know about you, but I have never called 911 in my life for anything so I think I can live without it.  There is no way to turn it off.  I have caught the browser on several times eating up my minutes.  On a positive note...this is a great 'bang for the buck' phone with the triple minutes, but I wish you could turn some features off.

Can't beat the price.  The quality is great.  Haven't had a problem yet.  Nice cheap way to keep cell service on a budget!

I was a little concerned about buying this phone after reading all of the negative reviews, but for the price and features, I just had to try check it out.Did have a problem porting my old phone number to this new phone,  Tracfone customer service solved the problem very efficiently in a few minutes.I do not understand what all of the negative reviews are about concerning &#34;pocket dialing&#34;  LOCK THE KEYBOARD !!!! My phone will accept NO inputs (even 911) with the keyboard locked !!!!!I have large hands, but have no problem using the keyboard-LOVE IT !!WiFi works great.Have had the phone for a week now, and am VERY pleased with purchase.

This phone fails in so many ways.  It's menus are difficult to navigate, it connects by itself every couple of hours and steals your minutes, it puts a period after every word in a text message, etc, but they all pale in comparison to the fact that IT CALLS 911 ALL BY ITSELF EVEN WITH THE KEYPAD LOCKED.  Some reviewers have said this is a simple case of "butt dialing".  Not so.  One of the "features" of this phone is that it calls 911 if squeezed and the mechanism is very sensitive.  I carry it in my front pocket and in one month it's called 911 six times.  Since it is a feature and not a malfunction Samsung will not allow me to return it.  I can't in good conscience continue to use this phone, so I'm throwing it away.911 operators are there for life and death emergencies, not to answer false alarms from psychotic cell phones.  It is your civic duty not to buy this phone.

IF YOU READ THE FINE PRINT FROM TRACFONE YOU CAN NOT TRANSFER THE TIME PURCHASED WITH PHONE EVEN IF IT IS LOST OR DESTROYED.I DON'T THINK AMAZON CHECKED THIS PRODUCT OUT BEFORE ALLOWING IT TO BE SOLD UNDER THEIR NAME.I AM ABOUT TO REMOVE THE BATTERY AND ATTEMPT TO DESTROY IT.I'LL TAKE MY $100 LOSS AND TRY SOMETHING ELSE.I AM ALSO DISAPPOINTED IN TRACFONE FOR ALLOWING THEIR NAME TO BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PHONE.A FOOL AND HIS MONEY IS SOON PARTED.I WAS THAT FOOL!!!!!!!!THE LATEST ON THIS CRAP PHONE AND SERVICE. THEY HAVE CHANGED MY PHONE NUMBER THAT I'VE HAD SINCE MY FIRST PHONE.NO ONE WITH TRACFONY CAN FIND OUT HOW IT HAPPENED.MY WIFE TRIED TO CALL AND MESSAGE WAS PHONE NO LONGER IN SERVICE.I HAD OVER 700 DAYS AND 2800 MINUTES LEFT. THEY SAID I WAS OUT OF TIME.IT WAS UNDER ANOTHER NUMBER.I AM SICK OF THEIR CRAPPY PHONE AND SERVICE!!!!

I'm a little biased, because I really don't like the way the menus work on Tracfones.  The LG 840 is the only one I've used that has an improved interface that is actually pretty easy to use.  Anyway...This is a decent-looking phone that doesn't scream Tracfone as much as the average little flip-phone does.  But that's about the only good thing I can say about it.I ordered this phone because the Blackberry-like keyboard really appealed to me.  But trying to use the keyboard is nothing like a Blackberry.  It doesn't have the ridges on the keys that make a Blackberry easy to type on.  And the space bar is really strange.  It always adds a period and a space unless you press the left edge of the space bar, and that's difficult because the space bar is pretty small.The LG 540 is a Tracfone with a much more Blackberry-like keyboard, but it's more expensive.Instead of a 4-way directional button to navigate through the menus, it has a cute little track pad sensor.  It works pretty well, but when you go to press the button down to make a selection your thumb often moves enough to change what you had selected.  So the menus are a bit tricky.I expect a cheap LCD display from any Tracfone, but this one has an exceptionally bad viewing angle.  The whole screen is very washed out and bad-looking from the side.  It's not a big deal, but if you see the phone sitting on a table or something, the cheap screen really screams at you that it's a cheap throw-away phone.  Which is a shame, because otherwise it's about the classiest-looking Tracfone I've seen.If you turn the volume all the way down, it goes to its Silent profile, which vibrates.  And when this phone vibrates, it is LOUD.  If you work in an office, it'll sound like you just fired up a Dremel Tool at your desk.  So if you want it to be silent, you have to go into Sound Settings, and set all three Call/Message/Phone notifications from Vibrate to Mute.  Then it'll still make sounds for things like low battery notification.  And if you do want it to vibrate (say you're going to be somewhere loud), you have to change all three Mute settings back to Vibrate.  It's a huge pain, so I ended up just leaving the volume at 1 since that's quieter than the vibration.

keyboard is to small and sensitive.i would not recommend this phone.the price was right,but the phone is not user friendly.

I find this phone to be super sensitive, I end up moving right past the screen I want & end up too far down the 'line'.Also unlocking the phone takes 2 steps - alittle annoying.Ive only been using it about a week, maybe it's a learning curve....On the upside, lots of features, definitely a value 4 the price.

I can say nothing about this phone becouse I was not able to turn it on, I did all kind of things, but nothing happen.

I am glad to hear that it is not just me dialing 911 repeatedly. I have had this phone sine Sept. 2012 and the emergency calls started in Nov 2013. I have been so embarrassed and the dispatchers have not been very pleased with me either. I am afraid I will get into trouble for making false emergency calls. I will NEVER buy a Samsung phone again! I also do not like the browser button in a place where it is easily pushed unintentionally.

Warning! if you press 00 ( zero ) on this phone it will dial SOS or 911. It does not matter if the phone is locked. It does not matter if it is in your pocket or in a case. I'm tired of the the police calling me back to make sure nothing is wrong.  I had the police even come to my house because it dialed 911.This is a serious design flaw.Yes, it a nice phone if you could disable the SOS calling.

Love how cheap tracfone is and this phone is awesome for texting and even internet in a pinch.  The wifi option is great too.  Would be a five star review but it dials 911 about 2x per month when the phone is locked.  This gets very annoying.  Only way to prevent this is to completely turn off the phone.  This is basically just like the blackberry I had three or four years ago.  Definitely good enough, but by no means is this a smartphone!

Samsung has a lifelong customer as far as I am concerned. I was already a fan of South Korea but this phone really goes the extra mile. I'm not going to waste your time comparing this phone to an iphone ... for 2 reasons ... first and foremost, I've never owned an iphone LOL and 2nd this is a TRACFONE cell phone, not an android phone. My favorite thing about this phone has got to be the wonderful keyboard. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT, and I also love the wifi feature so I can check email and facebook without dinging my minutes when I'm at home, using my home wifi network. The best piece of advice I can give about this phone is something I read from another reviewer. First when you click to turn wifi on the icon will light up BLUE. BLUE means you are using tracfone mins for your wifi. After you turn wifi on then all available networks will pop up on your screen. So connect to your home network and your icon then changes to GREEN. GREEN means go baby :) When the wifi icon is green its FREE :)The other most valuable thing I can tell you is to make sure the email &#34;receiving options&#34; are set to &#34;auto sync&#34; off. If this setting is not set to OFF then every 1/2 hour your phone will check your email and ding your minutes if you are in the BLUE instead of green. Of course you can solve this issue by making sure you turn on/off the wifi whenever you leave the house :) To get to the auto sync ... hit menu, 6,5,2 then click to turn auto sync &#34;off&#34;.This is a SPECTACULAR phone that has no business being a tracfone ... I love it :)

This phone started out OK. But then the bogus 911 calls started. Had the keys protected and it still happened. Seems to be caused by vibration or pressure on the case. Then it got worse. It started going into a mode where none of the keys worked and the screen went intermittently to full  brightness until it would use up the battery. Vibration seemed to cause this mode. It would happen setting on the car seat with the car in motion. The screen would come on for 10 seconds then off, again and again. The only way to get it out of this mode was to take the battery out and back in. The phone never goes into this mode when setting still. Can't handle vibration like riding in a car or being carried around.

It is okay.  I just wish it had decent games to play on it.  There is none that I like.

my wife refuses to convert to a smart phone for cost reasons.  first one DOA (crack)  but immediate replacement.  this is great for someone not quite ready to dive into a smartphone but wants the ability to text or use wifi simple browsing

I switched to this phone to make use of the wi-fi capabilities. If you follow the instructions, it is very easy to get this feature to work as you want it to.I had a touchscreen phone previously, but did not like how &#34;touchy&#34; the screen was. While the phone was in its holster, many times it would change to different screens just because of the pressure exerted when walking, sitting, etc. This Samsung phone is much better in that respect.I, also, appreciate the longer talk and standby times. I now have about 2 hours of additional talk time compared to my previous phone.Overall, this is a great phone worth consideration if you are looking to change.

I bought this phone from ebay as a backup phone for my car. The phone had minutes and days left already and it was previously registered to someone else so I had to contact customer service to get the phone number changed. You can read about that below.The first thing I did when I received the phone, was setup the wifi. It was super easy to turn on the wifi, and then connect to my network right after putting in my password. IT DOES NOT AUTOMATICALLY CONNECT TO A NETWORK AFTER IT IS TURNED ON. You must click on the network you would like to connect to. The wifi symbol should turn from blue to green when connected to a network. I read on a different site that someone was having problems deleting a network? If you changed the password or something, all you need to do is go to options (left button) for that network you would like to delete, and press delete. And then you can reconnect to it after putting in the password again.The browser (right button) key does get pressed accidentally sometimes when I'm looking at my phone, but there is a slight delay where you are able to exit out of it before you start getting charged for minutes. Also, the browser is quite limited. When you enter an URL, it does not automatically open the mobile site, so you have to know the mobile url before you try to go to it. Or it will most likely say that it is too big and fails to open.Someone mentioned that it was dialing 911 even when the phone was locked? I tried testing that out by pressing a bunch of keys when my phone was locked, and after about 9 times the screen says "Keypad is locked. Press unlock." the screen asks you if you want to call SOS, which you can click cancel.The button you navigate with is sort of sensitive, I'm usually overscrolling with it so it may just take some time getting used to. And the regular buttons are quite small but manageable. I find it easier to type with my thumb nails than instead of my fingertips like you would do with a smart phone.For receiving texts, you can see the first 6 characters of a text without having to open it, so if you are sending a yes/no type of question, you can save yourself from opening a text. Just press cancel when it first comes in, and then go to your messages.The camera is not that bad, I just wish there were a faster way to access it besides going to menu>tools>camera.I haven't purchased anything on the phone yet, but I think it is neat that you can use minutes for it instead of having to put in a credit card or something else.I actually really like the size and feel of the phone. It does not feel like it would break if it were dropped accidentally.-----------------------------------------------------------------------I think I got lucky with my experience with their customer service. When I first called after I received my phone, they had said that they were not able to change my phone number without the previous owner's name/email/bday/zip code, so I tried to get that information, but it failed. So I contacted TracFone through their site stating my problem, and the following morning they called my phone. And they asked if I had a different number to be contacted at so that it wouldn't be using minutes. I gave them my cell number and they called me immediately after I hung up with them. I was on the phone with them for about 15 minutes and then they said that they would send me a new sim card.The sim card I received in about 2 or 3 business days, when they had said 3-5 or at most 7 days. I could not get a new phone number online, I had to call their customer support line. The wait was 7-10 minutes, but they did that thing where you can choose them to call you back when it is your turn in line, which is nice.From when they called me back, it took approximately 6 minutes to activate my new sim card and get the phone working with the new phone number.All of the representatives that I spoke with were all extremely friendly, although they did seem to all have slight accents like they were not from here as people complained.

This phone is truley packed with features. I love the WiFi access and had very good reception in our remote area. One of the best phones I have purchased.02/13/13I wanted to do an update on this phone. I still like the phone but I have been having problems with the phone pocket dialing 911. This is the fifth time this has happened to me and after doing some web research I see that many other people are having the same problem and there is NO solution to the 911 problem. I just ordered the LG 840G to replace this phone as I don't need problems with 911.Hope this helps.

I really liked this phone until I started missing calls when I had the phone on me and all of a sudden it would show &#34;emergency calls only&#34; and you can't get calls or make calls until it suddenly stops showing the message and the phone is working correctly and no one can tell me why it happens or how to fix it.  Called TRACFONE twice and was told there is no reason why it does that and it shouldn't do that, and there was plenty of minutes and time left.  I will be throwing this phone in the trash and try another brand and hope for better luck.

This is a great phone.  I previously had an LG500G and thought that was good.  This one has more features but the main thing I like is the QWERTY keyboard.  It has larger keys with smoother action and are spaced out a little more than on the LG500G.  It takes a while to get used to the center &#34;OK&#34; button.  Has a pick up rather than press for action.  It does seem to use more battery power faster.  I really like it.

easy to use, good for texting only had it a month so we will see if I come up with anything that irritates me.

I like having the WiFi although you have to find a place that has free WiFi. So it's either home or Starbucks I suppose. The camera takes low quality photos but it does have the ability to adjust brightness. The photo quality of my other Samsung was better but I still like this phone better since it records audio up to 6mins and you can type longer text messages. I haven't had any issues with the phone so far since I read a helpful review here before I bought it. It's a good deal.

Speaking as a guy buying something for his wife, we find losers and winners.  Amazingly, after looking around and comparing apples and oranges, I ran across this Tracfone Samsung S390G.  Took a chance and ordered it.  Just exactly what my wife wanted and is extremely pleased.  Sure feels good to pick a winner.  Simple but elegant for her needs at a decent price.  Triple minutes for life is an outstanding bonus.  Quick receipt and easily programed for use.  Win, win, win.  Thanks, Jim

Easy to use and setup.  Fine for the over 40 crowd.  Reliable.Buttons easy to hit with fat fingers.TracPhone customer support better then average.

I've had the phone for about 3 weeks and like it better than my previous phone the LG500G. This Samsung phone gets a signal just about anywhere. I can still get 2 bars where the LG500G would have none. I have a TopRam 32GB SDHC card in it that works fine and have it loaded with music and videos. A note on the Videos, they should be no larger than 320x240 and be at 25fps with MPEG-4 for the package and a bit rate not over 400kbs (I used DVDSoft FreeStudio). The WiFi works well, but I wish I could disable the browser button, because if I'm out of range of my WiFi ,it's too easy to hit the browser button and lose minutes. I was surprised that I could view Youtube videos. The browser is just OK, but at least it's more usable than most cheap phone browsers. The battery life is excellent, even with WiFi on. The audio does not allow bookmarking and has a slow fast forward, so podcasts are a pain to listen to on the phone if you have to stop it midway. The camera is OK, but nothing special. This is the best phone right now from Tracfone if you are into multi-media and live in a rural area that has poor reception.Things that could be improved:1. Improved contact handling (I added Contacts to the quick menu to alleviate some of the problem.2. Spacebar issue (pressing the just the left side of the spacebar keeps a period from being entered.3. Bookmarks for music player.4. Being able to disable the 3G data connection or the right/browser soft button.

The buttons are way too sensitive, it always unlocks in my pocket and dials different ontacts sometimes but mostly the quick key for 911, which I've pocket dialed at least a dozen times in four months. The Samsung slider's keys are covered - get that instead.

To sum up my review in one paragraph, if you are a current Tracfone customer, this is a great cell phone and you should seriously consider upgrading to it. The triple minutes for life that come with the phone, make it pay for itself--perhaps even from the very first day! Even if you are not a current customer, there is so much to like about this phone that you might wish to take a close, hard look at all it offers. (Be sure to consider the other version of the phone that comes with one year of service and 1200 minutes.) Here are my main points in support of these assertions.1. It is a very nice, well-made phone from a top-notch company. It is somewhat similar to the Blackberry Curve 8310, except that it has almost twice the internal memory, a CPU that is 40% faster, better battery life, and the ability to connect to Wifi networks. I should add that it is also less than half the price. What more need one say about it as a phone? You can place and receive calls. The sound quality is good and is easily adjusted via a volume rocker on the left side of the phone. Tracfone provides service to almost every location in the USA and allows low-cost international calls to many different countries. The "must have" feature of this phone is the Nuance software that allows voice-activated placement of phone calls (or initiation of text messages). It is easy to program the phone so that two key pushes activate the Nuance software. Then you just say "call home" and the phone will dial your home phone number (if it is listed as "home" in your phonebook), or "message Sandy" and you will start a text message to Sandy. You can even have Nuance check your battery ("check battery") or the status of several other aspects of the phone.2. The most common complaint about the phone is actually (in a strange way) a strength. If your phone is "on" and inactive for a short period of time, it will go into a "keyboard locked" mode. In that state most key presses are ignored, but if you do push 911 (as could be necessary in an emergency or if those keys are pressed by accident), the phone will ask if you wish to dial SOS. Some other key presses also seem to register in that mode and will occasionally cause the phone to crash. (If you get an alarming warning screen with a bunch of yellow text on a black background, it's time to reboot the phone after first removing the battery for about twenty seconds.) . . . . OK then, what do you do if you want to lock down the keyboard so that you can put the phone in your pocket or your purse, and be a little more confident that you won't be dialing 911 or causing a software crash? Simple. Hold down the right Alt button for a few seconds. The phone will again say "keyboard locked," but this time the phone seems to be a bit more securely locked. Unfortunately, it could still "pocket dial" unintentionally. Pressing "0" four times in a row, for example, brings up a message asking if you wish to call SOS. I recommend keeping the phone in a hard case to make such dialing even less likely.[EDIT--2/29/2012. The problem of the phone "pocket dialing" 911 is real and might be bad enough to make some people think twice about owning the phone. My solution has been to purchase aWIRELESS CENTRAL Brand Soft Silicone BLACK Skin Cover Case for SAMSUNG R390 FREEFORM 4 [WCB578]. This skin fits the phone fairly well, though the cut-outs (which are mostly unnecessary) are not made for the S390G. Then I traced the outline of the phone on a piece of very stiff poster board and cut it out. When the skin is on the phone and the poster board cover is attached with a stout rubber band, the keys cannot be depressed at all if the phone is slid into a pocket or purse. It is not an elegant solution, but it is cheap and it works.]3. By far the best feature of this phone is its ability to connect to wifi. I can't tell you that it will connect flawlessly to every Wifi network, but it has worked reasonably well for most of the public sites I have tried in my brief experience with the phone. Just make certain that the tiny wireless icon changes from blue to green (indicating that you have switched from the available 3G connection to a Wifi connection). When the wireless indicator is blue, you WILL be charged minutes for time spent browsing (though sometimes that is worth paying for). When the light is green, your browsing is free.4. The native browser (NetFront 4.2) is very fast and reasonably good. The phone's OS seems to invoke that browser for certain kinds of activities (downloading and opening new software, playing Youtube videos, etc.) A few of these activities can only take place when the phone is connected to a 3G network (not Wifi); that is annoying, but it is not a deal-breaker for me. Personally, I prefer to use Opera Mini 7.1 or Opera Mini 4.4 for most of my browsing because these programs make better use of the phone's small screen. To download either of these browsers, go to the Opera Mini homepage on the Netfront browser while connected via Wifi. Click on "Other download options." Scroll down to the bottom of the page that comes up and choose the "Select Code-Signing Certificate" for your preferred browser (or do the whole sequence twice to have both Opera Mini 7.1 and Opera Mini 4.4). Now bookmark the page you are on; it's the one which has the link to "All Certificates." Exit the browser, disconnect from Wifi, and reopen the browser. (You will start being charged minutes.) Go to the page you have bookmarked and click on "All Certificates." Click on "Download Opera Mini 7.1" (or Opera Mini 4.4 as the case may be) and wait for the completion of the download. Exit the browser, connect to Wifi, go to the Games&Apps; folder and boot up Opera. You will now be able to finish the installation progess for a signed version of the Opera Mini browser.5. If you would like to add one more piece of useful software, consider Google Maps. Simply navigate to Google Maps on your phone and click on "Install Now" for version 2.3.2. I have only been able to install the unsigned version of Google Maps, which means that an annoying pop-up screen requires me to click "OK" every time the program accesses the Internet. (As long as you are connected via Wifi there will be no charge for doing so, but navigating the maps is slowed to a crawl.) If you just need driving directions without a map, I recommend using your browser to go to Mapquest mobile. [EDIT--12/29/2012. Google has changed its website recently and the Java version of Google Maps is currently unavailable there. You can, however, still download it from Getjar and several other sites. Use the Samsung GT Ch@t 5720 as your phone.]6. This phone has a wonderful mp3 player. The mp3 player alone is worth the price of the phone, but to make best use of it you will need to buy additional memory on which to store your music, pictures, and videos. A 4 GB mini SDHC card (with SD adapter) costs about $4; an 8 GB card sells for around $6. I bought Class 4 cards of both sizes (Kingston and Sandisk), and both work very well though the Sandisk card needed to be reformatted in a PC before the Samsung s390g would recognize it. If you are listening to music and your phone rings for an incoming call, the music player automatically pauses to allow you to reply. At the end of the call you can start it up again just where you left off. This device is perfect for listening to mp3 audio books since you can fast-forward or rewind through long tracks quickly if you have lost your place or need to listen to a chapter over again.7. There is a fairly good 2 megapixel camera. The pictures don't compete in quality with those of dedicated digital cameras or the best phones, but they are more than adequate for spur-of-the-moment snapshots or home videos. (By the way, you can invoke the camera via a long press of the 0 (zero) button. Once the camera software is running, you can view your photos in full screen by tapping "View." Stroking the mini-trackpad to left or right cycles through your photos. Pushing the volume rocker allows you to zoom in or out. . . . In addition to taking photos and home movies, the phone will play video files in a variety of formats (making it a very tiny portable video player).8. There is a built-in digital voice recorder--another feature that is worth about the price of the phone.9. I could wax rhapsodic about some of the other features of the phone that one might once have paid for as separate items, but almost all of these are now also freebies in many competing mobile phones--the calculator, the calendar, the alarms, and so on.In the end I suppose I'd say that with this phone (and with many others that are more expensive and require costly data plans) one gets a very capable all-purpose hand-held computer. Thirty years ago it would have required a roomful of equipment to do the various things this small Samsung s390g can do so much better. I think you will like it as much as I do.

Great phone the only comment is expiration of minutes says it is days and does not show the actual date

I got this phone last week and I've been using it for about 4 days now. I bought it from amazon for the features and the price.I read the reviews about it ghost dialing emergency and was worried about that but managed to find a way around it. there are several number combinations which will dial emergency on this phone (911, 112, 000) and possible others. so I found to prevent this you cannot carry this in a pocket with any other hard objects such as keys, pens, coins, wallets. basically I just designate one pocket for this phone and everything seems to be fine. I carry it around all day at work doing hotel maintenance. if you throw it in a purse with other hard objects it will probabally ghost dial when moved around, so you could maybe get around this by putting it in some kind of soft case lined with neoprene or foam padding and then throw it in a purse. if you wear tight jeans and put it in a pocket it may ghost dial.the space bar does have a bit of a defect. there are two triggers under the space bar so that it will work if pushed on either end, the defect with this is that if you push too close to the center it sets off both triggers causing a double space which on this phone causes a period with a space, supposed to be convenient but is more of a pain actually. to get around this you can train yourself to push on just the end of the space or you can practice pushing it ever so slightly to get just one trigger to click, if you play with it you will notice the second trigger clicking if you press just a bit too hard. I don't have the skill to do this so I just leave a bunch of periods in my texts and look like a retard, oh well.the buttons on this phone are small and close together, but this is my first blackberry type phone. my finger tips are wide so I easily press the wrong button, but with practice I find if I turn my thumb tips vertical its easier. the menus on this phone are inneficient, there is no single press button that takes you to your contacts like there was on my last lg flipfone. most of the ringtones are pretty lame, and most of the alert tones have a huge discrepancy in volume from the ringtones.the wifi works okay, and I can use it to acces my mail through the browser, but I can't get the email sync to work on my phone to auto load my emails. which is funny because it was so easy  to do with my ipod touch, maybe the ipod sync is interfering with syncing this phone?yes using the browser eats up minutes and tracfone sets up buttons that make it easy to accidentally do this, but I am used to it from my last lg tracfone which I had for two years and my Samsung net10 phone which I had before that. you just have to be mindful that there are buttons you can't ever touch unless you want to go browsing and use up minutes. you must train your brain and you will be fine. I haven't accidentally browsed in over a year.now for the good qualitiesthe phone is very attractive, it looks like a nice smartphone from the back and sides, the weight and texture of it feels like quality. the battery seems to have a fairly good time between chargings. I go about 6 days with light use. the call quality seems better than with my last phone (an lg fliphone) especially from cell to cell even when I don't have full bars.so in short this phone has many little problems, but on the upside it is cheap, handsome, has wifi, a full keyboard, triple minutes and many other features.UPdate: so I've been using this phone for about two weeks now or so, and I am noticing some major problems.first of all I tried reactivating my old lg phone with a new phone number for my dad to use. but in order to do this I had to call tracfone tech support. they told me the phone needed a new sim card because it had been deactivated, so they sent me a new one in the mail a few days alter for free. then i had to call back tech support to reactivate it with the new sim and this is when all the problems started. after being on the phone with them for over an hour and repeating my personal information several times and having to pay 20 dollar for minutes to reactivate the phone, they ended up switching my old phone number back to my old phone and deactivating my new phone. suffice it to say, this same s*** has been going on for two weeks now with multiple calls and hours to tracfone tech support. and things are still not as they should be yet. I don't know if they are even capable of getting things the way I want, all I know is I was with tracfone for two years and had no problem till tech support. tracfone works flawlessly as long as you just use the automated internet or direct phone options. its a piece of cake to activate a new phone and even port a number from net 10 and to even upgrade your phone all through the automated system, but once you call tracfone tech support you are basically screwed. because they don't seem to have a clue what they're doing, or it seems like their system is super complexed, it seems almost as if they are writing code while trying to fix my account.another thing, the phone seems to shut off while in my pocket, I guess from a button getting pressed or something. and then it won't let me turn it back on for several minutes.update..... so I've been using this phone for almost a month now, and yeah it seems to pretty much suck, the scroll button is a piece of crap, twitchy and jumpy. the phone seems to shut of completely about once a day when I travel around with it in my pocket...I think it has something to do with service dropouts or something and then it won't let me turn it back on for about three minutes. when i'm at work having to kneel doing hotel maintenance the buttons get easily pressed in my pocket and it unlocks itself and starts browsing about once a day.the call quality is still far superior on this phone as with other Samsung phones. talking to a person on an I-phone is no problem, clear and no digital distortion as with my last lg flip phone where I couldn't even understand a person on an I-phone. but because of the other problems with this phone im gonna have to get rid of it, I bought an lg 840g which seems lovely so far but I haven't activated it yet. fingers crossed.also I have figured out the secret to tracfone tech support. the main tech support people have no clue what they are doing and just give you a run around and act like they know what they are talking about and screw up your service and your account and will try to make you feel like you are the idiot and its all your fault. some of the supervisors know a little something and will screw up your phone and service a little less, maybe. the managers are the only ones who may know what they are doing and can get it done in any reasonable amount of time...say maybe a half an hour to an hour. the general technicians will transfer you to a supervisor if you request it. the supervisors will transfer you to a manager if you request it. the manager got the job done for me finally that previously took six calls and four new sim cards sent in the mail without success. the managers will probabally transfer you to another manager if you request it or maybe there is even someone about the managers, I don't know. if they are very busy you will have to wait a long time to get a transfer.  they were not busy at 10 am Hawaii time on Wednesday. therefor if you are getting a bunch of b.s. from a tech or super or manager and they are making you feel like you are stupid and they are talking a bunch of jargon that doesn't even apply to you immediately request to be transferred to someone higher up. and don't feel bad about being rude to them, but don't be too rude or they could cut you off. you might just get what you want.

Avoid this cellphone model. It turns itself on, it unlocks randomly.. After is unlocked it self it then pocket dialed 911... After that i kept my phone on a bag.. It still unlocked , I think is dialed 911 again but I wasn't sure the second time (the dial back stopped before I could answer) . This is bad, I am changing the model. I really think this phone should be removed from the market, random 911 calls are very embarrassing, but seeing i am not alone, clearly this model is probably a burden to 911.

Good deal if you plan to keep the battery out at all times.Good deal on triple minutes for life.Save money.  When this phone dials 911, and it will, you will understand while I do not like this phone.It called 4 times in 2 days, with the screen locked.

I looked at a lot of phone reviews on this phone, Samaung S340G, because I like using Tracfone. I haven't  really had any issues.  One thing though, I can't get Android Apps. You have to get Java Apps. They are far fewer and mostly from Asia and India. I do recommend getting a case for it.

It broke in my hands as I tried to pry it open. .It was quite unexpected. No problem as it wasn't expensive

All I want is a phone that I can take with in order to make a call if need be in an emergency or need be basis.  All I also want is to have my own phone to call friends on instead of my landline on a private basis.This phone is way too much for me, has too much stuff to do that I don't need/want.  And yes I realize all of this stuff is great to have on a phone this inexpensive for a great pay as you go but I don't need it b/c I don't do all of these things.Oh and did I mention how FREAKING TINY the keys and print on them is??!!  I can't see any of these keys let alone what to press and when.  This is really quite ridiculous just how tiny the keys are!!!  Hence I returned this one.All I REALLY want is a phone with keys and numbers that I can actually see when I make to make a call!!!  This is not it!

Was upgrading from my LG touchscreen tracfone that was a piece of....I find this phone much, much better than the wanna-be touch screen offering. The keys are small, but it is highly usable. Is it the perfect phone? No. Is it a good phone that does what is says it will do? Yes. Calls are easy. Texts are easy. Offers some bells and whistles. If you want am iPhone, buy an iPhone. If you want to make a cell phone call and not pay $100 per month, this is well worth a look. B+

Happy with phone and the service of seller. Have not had any 911 pocket calls, but the phone does turn on in my pocket some time. But with a pass word it does not make any calls.

Just because of the frequency of dialing 911, the manufacturer should recall this phone.  The state should charge the manufacturer by creating such a terrible bug / feature in this phone.I didn't believe it when I read the comments from others.  I thought that it may be caused by some operator errors.  I found out that it is quite easy to happen. So... don't buy it even though it is cheap.

I love the Samsung S390G with triple minutes. The triple minute feature makes my minutes last far longer than on the double minutes phones I've had in the past. The WI-fi capability is a real bonus since internet eats up so many minutes with tracfone free beats eating up 0.50 minutes per MB. I can just hook up to any open WI-fi connection and surf to my hearts content love that i can surf at home on my WI-fi and it saves me minutes too. The QWERTY keyboard takes some getting used to but it doesn't take long. You can check your email from your phone which is an amazing plus.The phone's camera is great it takes amazing pictures haven't had the chance to try the video function but I would imagine it is just as good. The phones voice recording ability is amazing and the voice command function is great too you can get anywhere on the phone just by using your voice though I think a button to turn it on quickly would be a great added feature but then again it could also be an annoyance since then it would activate without you wanting it too. Over all it is an amazing phone. I would highly recommend it to anyone that prefers to text as it makes typing texts much faster than the standard keypad phones.The price on amazon is amazing too $33.99 plus free shipping it's a steal for all the amazing features this phone has.

What a fantastic little phone.  I originally decided to go with Tracfone when I learned that Verizon and the rest of the market were putting chips in cellphones to send nationwide alerts and disaster messages from the White House and DHS.  I don't need anything from this dumb White House and the dumber DHS, thanks anyway, I'll hear about it long before those beauracratic dodos tell me.Anyway, I originally got an LG500G from Tracfone which suited the purpose very well.  I don't use a cellphone that much but its good to keep around for the few messages I get and the attached camera is a plus.  The LG was a simple device, small enought not to be annoying.I happened to come across the Samsung S390G and decided to try it.  Wow!  What a cool phone.  Its good looking, easy to use, and does EVERYTHING!  I am really impressed.  But if I find out it has one of those chips in it, it goes in the trash, straightaway.  I've had the phone a week and it works great.  Just ordered a 32G microSD card and will stuff that in there.  The camera on this one is about twice the pixels of the LG model.And, of course, cost is an issue.  Well, with this phone you get TRIPLE minutes for life.  For around $50 you get 1200 minutes of airtime.  Not bad.  What this means is my old Verizon phone was costing me more than $60/month and that's with a veteran discount.  With these triple minutes PLUS the cost of the device, my cost is less $20/month.  That's a $500/year savings!Buy this phone and enjoy every minute of your time with it.  Its the best deal on anything I've gotten in a long time.Added 10/2/2012.  I love this phone!  It really is a good looking device and it works great.  I know when I'm getting emails all day long, I can add files on the microSD card, I can reply to emails, it holds a long charge, and it works great as a phone.  What more could I want for a few bucks?

I bought this phone in case I wanted to look cool surfing the internet and do it cheaply . As it turns out the only browsing going on is done unwittingly. Nearly every time I pick the phone out of the belt carrier the browser is already on. This is with the keypad lock engaged. If I password lock the phone then it calls 911 by itself. It definitely needs a hard cover over the front. This can be accomplished buying the gel cover/hard shell for the back of the phone and placing the gel cover over the back and the hard shell over the front and then placing in a leather belt carrier. Although I usually miss the incoming calls before I can get to them.If you want to surf the internet , get a smarter phone and pay for a plan. If you just want to text and call this phone is ok but leave it in the car where it might not cause problems and use up minutes by itself. If you want to carry a phone in your pocket, get a flip top or be disappointed. I believe an engineer was tasked to find a design that would use up minutes without the user's fingers being required to push the buttons.

Having an easy time adapting to this model. There are a few things I miss on this phone that were on previous Samsung models that I used: 1) the lack of options for ring tones 2) the camera quality; 3) the alarm doesn't have snooze (at least, I haven't found it) On the upside, the triple minutes are a great bonus; the keyboard is firm enough to use your fingernail to hit the keys without repetitions and the brushed metal finish stays clean of fingerprints.

I bought this phone through straight talk. Let me list all the ways this sucks! First, whenever I hit the space bar it has to put in a period. 2 Wifi wont auto log on to areas I've already been. 3 The red button is often confused with what is on the screen. 4 When on the phone using the keypad is a bear, no tone is heard, and no signal is sent if screen is dark. This has caused me many problems. 5 This phone dialled the emergency number (911) twice in my pocket and brought up the browser using valuable data. I purchased a case, but the buttons are so easy to press that I have to wait till the phone times out to put it back. 6 While using opra browser to download apps, the default browser opens and triggers an app running limit. 7 Default browser just wont login to google. 8 no easy way to access contacts, wish I could swap this with the browser button. 9 Audio not clear! 10 The email app doesn't send back emails I sent.

The current version of PC Studio software available from Samsung and used to transfer music, pictures, contacts etc. between the computer and the phone will not work with the Windows 8 OS.I'm trying to find out if Samsung has plans to fix the software.

the cell phone is in non working condition. I have made several request to the seller take the cell phone back I have not heard from the seller or Amazon.In the past I had a very positive exprience with Amazon up to this point, but this phone is junk and should have not been present for sell.

It is what it is. The phone is prefect for my 12 year old son. It basic, but cooler looking for him then his old tracfone. If you want a basic phone that you can text on, this might do. You can NOT have chats walls on this phone, like a smartphone has. That was the one big disappoint my son had. However, you don/t want to have large text chats on tracfone basic phones, but it adds up for each text.I will say... the camera takes pretty decent pictures.

I really want a bigger screen and a touch phone. I really want to stick with tracfone, but they have small screens and I didn't like the lg I had.

I LOVE THIS PHONE! I AM STILL LEARNING ALL THE FUNCTIONS. BUT IT SEEMS TO BE THE PHONE I WAS LOOKING FOR. LOVE THE TRIPLE MINUTES.

From the very beginning the phone would not and still won't acknowledge and or accept the refill minutes for my plan.The time has been wrong from the start and when I try to fix it in the settings menu it won't allow me to and then makes the time go back on the clock even further than what the actual time is.When I try to dial a number that isn't programmed in my contacts, it changes the order of the numbers and then dials the wrong one. It does this repeatedly each time I try again and again after carefully checking that I'm not entering the number incorrectly.The mouse is possessed! It moves too fast and a mind of it's own. If you are trying to scroll to any function, down to simplest thing as making a call, it doesn't work right. I'm not able to use well over half of the functions at all.

I seriously will consider buying this again. After loosing it i miss it and everything i was able t do. Its not smart phone but it a good phone for the money. It also helped me save money on buying tracfone cards. I HIGHLY SUGGEST BUYING THIS IF YOU DON'T NEED A HIGH END PHONE

It's not a bad little phone at all and perfect for those looking for a good messaging phone. The phone is comfortable to hold and to pocket. It is a bit slippery and I recommend getting a gel skin or case! Call quality is good so far for me with 4-5 signal bars at 3G speed. The browser is very generic and no frills and will get you by in a pinch, the average time to load the home screen for me takes about 7 seconds. Doing a search using Google about 20-30, not bad although I would enable the smart-width view setting. The menu is a breeze to navigate around thanks to the track pad, although the track pad is a bit on the sensitive side.The phone has small amount of tones and graphics for user customization, and I found it very easy to transfer my own tones and wallpaper to a Micro SD. If the sound file is to large you won't be able to set it as a ringtone and wallpapers(jpegs) 9-120K seem to fit fine. The built in speaker is nothing to brag about but at least there's a standard 3.5mm headphone jack.The 2.0 camera/camcorder takes grainy photos but that's to be expected and one must be very still using the camcorder.The WiFi set up is fast and user friendly as well as the Bluetooth which I was able to pair with my car audio system in no time.The screen is low rez but easy on the eyes, the qwerty keyboard is responsive, yet some may find the keys to be on the small side?Now I do have a complaint and that is Porting my number was a pain between my two back pockets! I hated calling and talking with a service rep, sounded garbled and I'm not even sure what nationality they was? Very hard to understand and they had my on the phone for 40min trying to work it out.All in all I'm happy with this phone and glad I made the purchase, there are just way to many to choose from anymore!Pros: WiFi, Bluetooth, quick messaging, Voice Command, standby time, user friendly, doesn't feel or look cheap minus the back cover.Cons: No GPS, customer service, ringtone size cap, back cover is very slick.

this phone is a decent basic smarth phone with a triple minutes plan and wifi I love the mp3 player and the battery life is perfect

My husband and I each have one of these.  Each of us has dialed 911 while the phone was locked and in a bag.  Once the  police showed up here!!  My husband won't use this phone anymore.Everything else is great but I need a phone I can keep on at all times.

This phone has a serious pocket dialing problem, EVEN when we take measures to lock the keys! We have a ton of minutes that have disappeared for this reason.The tiny black scrolling button makes it difficult to navigate the settings, and outside it's impossible to see.

I purchased this GSM TracFone in order to use the AT&T system when I travel. We have one of the TracFone CDMA Samsung phones for the area we live. This phone has Wi-fi which works flawlessly. I do not need one of the smartphones but I do love the features included with this phone. I highly recommend it. To make it even better, go to the Samsung web site and down load the &#34;New Samsung PC Studio&#34; software and you have a great way to back up your phonebook, pictures, videos and even have a scheduler.

Terrific & does everything you could want it too - use mini opera for website searches & you're golden - PERFECT

I cannot keep the phone in a pocket - which is amazingly inconvenient.  It has called 911 at least a dozen times in the 8 months that I have had it.  There is no lock or feature to prevent this - I spoke to Tracfone and Samsung about it and they told me it was too bad for me.It is just so simple to make the phone call SOS when locked.  I can literally sweep my thumb across the buttons in a certain direction and it just dials.  Ridiculous.  I spend more time worrying about where the dumb thing is than using it!That issue aside, the features and functionality are good.  I just wish I was talking to someone other than the sherrif's dept. more often!!!!

For anyone who want the look and feel of a smart phone without the expense this is great! I wish it had the ability to handle apps a little better but that is what I have a Galaxy tab 2 for!

I purchased these for my Grandkids, they absolutely love them.  We call them the tracBerry phones because they have a center button like the Black Berry.  The only disappointing feature is the internet button is too easy to accidentally hit and this feature can not be turned off.  I feel that this is the best Trac fone around.  Great features and easy to use.

We switched to Tracfone a year ago and chose the EX124G phone because I thought I'd prefer the touchscreen phone, and while I DID, I really wanted more access to my email and was using more airtime minutes than I wanted.  Why didn't I research this Samsung better??  Finding the WiFi feature really intrigued me. I was leary at first to give up my EX124G phone because I feared if I didn't like the Samsung it would all be a waste. Here's the great part...these Samsung phones are so inexpensive ($20) AND you can experiment with the WiFi capabilities BEFORE you switch over the phone to Tracfone, inotherwords, I carried my existing Tracfone for several days AND this one without the cell service activated. I just wanted to get a feel for connecting, receiving, sending emails, checking some simple websites and the like.  Does it load and play large volume sites like a Smartphone, no, Hey, it's $20!!I read a ton of these reviews, prepared myself for the criticisms, but quickly learned to navigate the buttons, connect to WiFi sites, send email.  I switched my EX124G for this Samsung, boy THAT took all of 10 minutes! All my old minutes switched over...new minutes go in a 3x the amount, and I've never looked back.  I worried a bit about the "pocket dialing", found a hard case with a belt clip and that problems was solved too. I still have my deactivated EX124G phone, but for now, the Samsung is my baby! Get one, experiment with the WiFi, don't like it? What's the big investment - $20!

Great cell phone; loved all the postings from users; helped a lot when I first got the phone. Now I can do everything with it!

I purchased this product about a year ago.  The wifi worked great and I really loved the full keyboard for texting.  All around good phone, except for two things.1.  It takes 30 seconds to lock on it's lowest setting. If I put the phone in my pocket too soon, it may not lock properly.  I managed to solve this by getting a cell phone case.2.  Even when the phone is locked I can pocket dial 911, which is not acceptable to me.  I'm selling mine and getting an lg840g.  I can deal with most quirks on a phone but I don't like pocket calling 911.  Within the past 3 months this has happened about 10 times.

This phone has the problem of unlocking itself and calling SOS or 911. It called SOS 2 times in one hour.

The most disappointing:Evidently a user is supposed to be able to completely manage this phone by using &#34;Samsung PC Studio&#34; (I tried several versions), which includes, backups, contacts, settings and so forth.  The truth is, that cannot happen because the phone's operating system will not connect to a PC either by USB or Bluetooth.  I am a computer engineer and tried several different things in both Windows XP and Win-7.  &#34;PC Studio&#34; resolutely refused to acknowledge the phone was connected.  But I was able to connect to the 32G micro-SD card via USB as though it was connected to a card reader.  That saves having to removed it from the phone and connect directly to a card reader.  But without &#34;PC Studio&#34;, I would have to enter 100 contacts and other data, ONE. LETTER. AT. A. TIME.  That isn't going to happen!  I was also hoping to add my own alarm tones as opposed to spending minutes to get some from Tracfone.  Without PC Studio, that function doesn't work either.The second most disappointing:I was hoping to replace my Apple iPOD functions with the mp3 reader in the phone.  But the functions of the phone's mp3 player are so limited and controls so intractable that, after about a week's experimenting, I decided that really was not a good option.  iPOD is much better.The third thing disappointing:Right after buying the phone for $30 and spending another $30 for a 32G microSD card which won't get much use (see above), the phone was selling for $21.  Bad timing I guess.On the positive side:The 390 does have triple minutes,  the alarms are handy and work well,  the calendar is pretty good, and the calculator is minimal but okay.  And it's nice to be able to connect to GSM 2g & 3g.Conclusion:I bought this particular phone mainly because my view of Samsung quality in products was A++.  Now I have revised that to maybe B+.  I'm puzzled that anyone would rate this little toy 5-stars.  I must be missing something.  C'est la vie.Pekelo-Pete

I bought this same phone with other options elsewhere but this is the same phone. I upgraded from a Tracfone LG800 which had a touch screen and a virtual keyboard. This phone has a smaller screen and a real keyboard. Even though the keys are small, I think typing is easier. This phone runs on a 3G network which gives decent web-browsing speed. I use the camera, music and email interface features and find them useful. Downloading apps from other than the Tracfone site is a problem for me. The one item I would like to have changed is the browser activation. When the phone is on the 3G network and the browser button is hit, the connection is initiated and the minute(s) are deducted. I have not found any way to deassign the browser physical button key or to change some setting so that a confirmation prompt is given when the browser button key is hit.

This phone was junk, hard to use and a waste of my time. Working with tracfone's customer service was also a trip to heXX. 7 hours to get this phone working and then it worked for 2 hours. Really??? Customer service is a joke and totally unhelpful. Hopefully we will be switching companies soon. The phone's service is ok and it reaches everywhere, but when you want to transfer service to a new phone it is a nightmare. No thanks.

I only purchased this phone because my previous Tracfone phone stopped holding a charge, and it was so old that I couldn't find a battery to fit it. This one was inexpensive and had good reviews.I rarely use my Cell Phone. I usually only purchase a one year card with 400 minutes in order to keep it activated. I only use it for when I'm working on my route. For emergencies, tow, ect. and also so the kids can call me.The phone works just fine. My old phone was a flip open kind...I thought I would like that this one doesn't flip.But I hate it!I usually leave the phone on in my pocket so I can hear it if the kids call.I have found that sometimes when I'm done work and take it out that the browser was opened up while in my pocket. And has been eating up my minutes!!!!!I have resorted to leaving the phone in my cup holder instead of my pocket and still last week I got done work and found the browser open again! I tried to disable the browser option but I can't find away to do it.I might use it for 5 minutes a week....That's on a busy week! Like, I said I rarely use it.I had over 2000 minutes when I got this phone. I have lost over 400 minutes because of the browser getting accidentally opened.If it weren't for this issue I'd give this phone a 5 star rating.If anyone knows how to DISABLE THE BOWSER please contact me by leaving a comment under this review.

Best phone yet from Tracfone! It doesn't look like a cheapy phone and it works just fine. The wi-fi is easy to set up and use if you know what you are doing.

Arrived with a defective SIM card.  Called TracFone and got great service.  Received new SIM card within just a few days (no charge) and it was a cinch to install.  Went to Samsung website and downloaded instruction manual onto disc.  Phone is extremely easy to use & love the triple minutes!  No complaints at all.

this is a nice phone so far, let you know more as I use it more. so far no 911 calling or any other problems. can call out and receive calls anywhere I go.

Does a poor man's wifiPlays music for cards up to 32gHas a standard headphone jackUses tracfone.Simple cameraThose were my requirements, and this phone fills them for under 40 beans. tshhyeeea.Downsides:Keyboard. I've been texting since 2002. People hated me for it then. On a normal(12-key) phone I can nearly type as fast as the average person can type on a keyboard(aim tested), and that while not looking. This phone is much more work. The young lady above shooed it off, but I strongly disagree. The keys are tiny and easily are double clicked, especially if you nearly miss. Double clicking the space bar makes a period automatically appear. Couple that with accidental double clicks and you will think the period shows up whenever you hit the space bar.The remedy here is to diligently learn to type on your new phone. Its a pain, but for everything you get, its worth it.Speed. This phone is slow, once you test it. Fill a card with 32g of music and you will wait to load and search. She plays without a hitch, though, once you get used to the software.Video. Don't. Just don't. I took different videos and reformatted them using format factory and came to once conclusion: this phone is not for playing video. Its ok, its a $40 phone! Note: does record vids in a low quality and plays those back just fine.This is, in my opinion, the best phone this much money can buy from any prepaid plan.

the worse phone ever to buy from them they told me that the phone was in new condition but when the got the phone like weeks later the phone start to shut down in the middle of calls and just shut down if its sitting there for a long time. i have tried to contact this seller but they have not contacted me back. and i been trying to contact them for about three months now and they did not respond to me yet. and so i called amazon to see if i can return the item but they said no that it was two late... so they just lied about thew condition of the phone and kept all my money....

Overall, an OK phone but bring the charger with you. I don't get very many calls on a charge so keep that in mind if you need a battery lasts all day type phone.

Decent as a phone but the keyboard is pretty much the worst qwerty pad i've ever used.  The buttons are smaller than I was expecting,  smaller than they were on my LG ENV3, so this takes getting used to... BUT, now that I'm getting good at it I've noticed a glaring design flaw - If you type rapidly enough, any successive keystroke will simply repeat the last input.  For example, if you want to type "Ok,"  you obviously type O, but if you follow with K quickly enough, it simply types "Oo."  This basically forces you to type slowly.  I really don't know what they were thinking.Also you have to read a message and burn 0.3 minutes just to see who it's from.  This is my first tracfone so I'm not sure if this is a tracfone thing or if it's how this handset behaves but there are many instances where a message can easily be ignored if you know who's sending it, but with this device you have to burn your time if you want to know any details whatsoever about any message you receive.  which i suppose is fair, but still annoying.

Phone did not work upon trying to activate.  You can only reach some call center (in India?) who wasted over 2 hours over a bad connection to determine phone didn't work (I knew that) and only offered to replace phone with a lesser feature model.  Waited a week for the replacement only to find out it was mis-shipped.  Now have to wait another week and was told I will lose all messages in the interim; I will not know who sent me messages, and they will not know I didn't recieve them (will think I ignored them). Tracfone doesn't care, and again you can only reach their offshore call center (sure, they know and don't want to hear how poor they are).  You get what you pay for--tracfone is terrible, and the samsung phone didn't work.

If you need a good, basic phone, this is a great choice. I reluctantly had to give up my Motorola flip phone after it started to have some problems and this Samsung is a nice upgrade. Call clarity is excellent and the QWERTY keyboard makes texting very easy. If you just want a phone that makes and receives calls and texts with some nice features (which is all I need) this is the Tracfone phone for you.

it was really impressed by this phone! i got it for my birthday and it is a great starter phone! the buttons are nice and vig and the phone has very cool features!! a great phone!!

Just received this phone (Net10 ver. which should be the same)to replace my aging LG.  Worked pretty easy right out of the box.  Very very easy WiFi set up - done within minutes just by walking through the steps the phone gives.  Not sure why quite a few posters have had issues with it.  Follow the steps people!Setting up gmail account was just as easy though I won't use it for email unless I'm on WiFi since why would I want to use up minutes to check email unless I have no choice and am not in a hotspot.Downloaded Opera Mini as my browser.  I do wish I could move it out of my games folder but I can't find a way. Not a biggie.  I've downloaded a few ring tones and a game via Opera and I've also set up my FB & Twitter accounts though again I won't be using them much on this phone it's still, like email, nice to have.  The internet is fairly fast on WiFi, especially compared to my old LG which used the tracfone/net10 browser with no WiFi.  I have been able to go into my G+ account easily and also my calendar which is nice.Keyboard easy to use - my only beef is the zero on the number pad portion is in a awkward place for me but once I'm used to it I'm sure I'll be fine.  I did have to recheck the numbers I entered into the phone to be sure I didn't mess them up. I was able to take my memory card out of my LG and move it into the phone but couldn't get most of my numbers off the card.  Apparently you need to download PC Studio and I didn't really want to so I entered most manually.  It took a bit of time but did help me get used to the key placement.Two things I don't like about the phone and I can't find a way to change it...yet...  Text messages appear as just a standard "you have a message".  My old LG displayed a caller ID if the person was in my phone book.  This helped save minutes because if the number was unfamiliar or the area code was not in my region I could pretty much bet that the call was spam or a wrong number and I could delete without paying for the used minutes.  I can't seem to figure out how to do this with the Samsung.  I did go in and click on Anonymous reject and Ad reject but it doesn't help with those people who send you drunk texts messages and can't get it through their thick heads you're not the person they are looking for!I also do not care for the back of the phone.  I know picky picky but I do find it very slippery, especially if my hands are cold.  It looks great and one would think the texture would help but it doesn't.  I can't find a cover or skin for it.  I'm thinking about using some rubberized colored tape to make a line across the back for easier grip.  A gel cover would be great though!All and all the phone works great so far and was very easy to set up just be going through the settings menu (the guide with the phone is pretty useless unless you've never had a cell phone before and most online guides are not much better).  I understand some people have had issues with the phone and my gut tells me there is a defective batch out there.  If you have issues I think returning it before the warranty is up is probably the best course of action.For the price this is an excellent phone.  Prepaid companies really should have this as their "go to phone".  Even if I only get a year out of it I've still saved money and I'm not a slave to a contract.  I've been using prepaid phones for 2 years (and using my old Droids as mini-lap tops when traveling via WiFi) and I don't think I'll ever go back to anything with a contract.  I pay $30 a month with roll-over minutes - can't beat that!UPDATE 1/20/2013....I am no longer using this phone.  The annoying habit that it has (and other people commented about) of dialing 911 every time it's in my purse or jacket pocket became too much to take.  The 911 operators were tired of hearing from me.  I was very lucky they were not dispatching PD to my home. It became embarrassing. Just one push of the phone while it was supposedly locked was all it took to dial.  It made no sense for me to have the phone on me but off.  I live in an area where you can go from suburban to rural in minutes and in the winter you never know when you're going to have an emergency - like sliding off a snow or ice covered road.  I didn't need to worry about the phone being off and no one able to locate me.  While the phone is still a decent phone until this problem is fixed in a newer version I wouldn't suggest it to anyone who might have it in a purse or pocket.  I switched to Ting Mobile and really enjoy the service and the great phone I purchased from them.

Excellent phone for $35. Has 3g. The only thing is the size of the screen but for the price what do you expect The triple minutes makes each call really cheap. Has excellent call quality

I got this phone for my 12 year old daughter for Christmas. I know that she is going to LOVE it. It has Wi-Fi, camera and so much more. Plus, when I add a Tracfone minute card, the minutes will triple. Even if there is a time when I can not get her minutes, she will still be able to use the Wi-Fi for the internet. I am even thinking of getting this phone for myself. I can't wait for Christmas Day for her to open it. Thanks Amazon.

I JUST LOVE MY NEW PHONE,LOVE THE FEATURES,NO CONTRACTS,TRIPLE MINUTES,PRICED RIGHT,HAVE HAD OTHER PHONES EVEN AN ANDROID,5 STARS ALL THE WAY

I have nothing substantially bad to say about this phone, after owning and using for a couple weeks.  True that's not much time yet, but I wanted to get this review up to balance out some of the other unfortunate (and seemingly isolated) wifi failures experienced by some other buyers.  I truly believe those buyers ended up with phones from a "bad batch" of some kind, possibly purchased from QVC or Home Shopping Network.I bought my S390G from this same seller (shopcelldeals), but from their ebay store rather than Amazon since the seller offered free shipping on ebay.  Hey, $5 is $5!  I love the combo pack that includes a 1-year of service with 400 minutes (=1200 with Triple Minutes).  This package is available here on Amazon too, although this review is attached to an ad that sells the phone only.  After activating and redeeming the card through Tracfone's website and adding in a bonus code (freely advertised on the Tracfone website at the time), I ended up with 1560 minutes good for 14 months - total cost for me was $99.99 ($7.14/month with an average of 111 minutes/month).  The phone was essentially free with that purchase, since Tracfone's website cost for just the 1-year, 400 minute refill alone is $99.99.PROS:- Nice design and features.  Sure they require a little "getting used to" but that's the case with any new phone.  Wifi was easy to set up and has worked flawlessly.  The browser is adequate but don't expect iPhone quality web surfing.  I highly recommend downloading the Opera Mini browser for free.- AMAZING battery life... it lasts days upon end (over a week) on standby.  With light usage, mine was recently off the charger 3-4 days, and still showed FULL battery life!  The battery still lasted a full day when wifi was on and constantly searching, which uses considerably more battery resources.- Effective screen lock capabilities... when activated, screen locks after 5 seconds.  Unlock takes 2 keystrokes of the two soft keys (within ~5 seconds or it locks again), so pocket dialing is unlikely.- "Sneak peak" text messages... if you don't click "View" right away when a text comes in, you can take a slightly longer route to the Inbox and see just a portion of the text message.  With short texts like "Ok" or "Thanks" (bad with a prepaid phone but people still send), you can see and delete them without opening the message and being charged.  Tracfone texts are really cheap anyway, but it's nice to avoid the charge when you can.- "New PC Studio" software is available from Samsung, and a nice program for transferring data to/from the phone and your computer.  I had no issues moving ringtones and photos back and forth.  PC Studio is similar in design to Blackberry Desktop.CONS (very minor):- Soft buttons cannot be reassigned, and menu icons cannot be moved around... BUT there is a customizable quick-reference shortcut list for quicker access to your favorites apps/options- Regular space bar press (middle of key) results in "double tap" period + space, must be hit on left or right side to space normally when typing a text message- Boxy QWERTY key setup is a little more difficult to type on than more curved Blackberry-inspired design(I expect all of those Cons to diminish as I continue to use the phone and get used to its design.)OTHER:- The 2mp camera is decent, but no flash and doesn't do too well with "active" shots... if the subject is moving, the photo will appear blurry.  I despise the overuse of cell phone cameras these days anyway, and maintain that you should USE AN ACTUAL CAMERA if you want quality photos.- I haven't used the music player yet, but I plan to.  I have a 16gb micro-SDHC card on order, and will put the phone into use as an mp3 player in the near future.This phone is not advertised as the latest and greatest, and buyers should not expect that.  I give it 5 Stars for what it is.  I am very pleased with this purchase and highly recommend this product, if you want a semi-smart phone with nice features, fabulous battery life, and plan to primarily talk and text (with occasional data needs on wifi).I will update this review if my experiences change substantially with continued ownership.

This phone is a compact and capable little phone. However, I have to regretfully give it a one-star rating because it pocket dials 911. I've had this happen even when the keypad is locked and the phone is in its leather case.  It's a shame because otherwise I love the phone.  I just cannot have a phone that randomly dials 911.  I am now afraid to even use it for fear of it making another emergency call.  I am surprised that Samsung would put out a phone with such an obvious flaw.

love the text input !! and the camera is great !! much better than my old flip phoneand easier 2 use

The phone is functional but quirky. It's not intuitive and one needs to read the instructions before trying to figure out how to use it. The triple minutes is the best deal from this phone. One feature fault of the phone is that it shows you that a text message has arrived, but it doesn't let you know what the text is about or whom it's from unless you go &#34;Back&#34; and select &#34;Menu&#34; then &#34;Messages&#34; then go to the &#34;Inbox&#34;. From the inbox you can then see who the message is from and delete it without opening it or being charged.  If you open it upon arrival you will automatically be charged half a minute. This becomes irritating when receiving SPAM texts.

Only got to keep the phone for a few days. The phone did everything but make phone calls. Worked with Track Phone people and they sent me a replacement phone that can only surf the web and text and makes telephone calls. i will buy another of these phones, this time i will not attempt to port the old number.

My wife and I text back and forth on our lunch breaks and I was getting tired of texting on my old clamshell Tracfone. This was the cheapest phone with triple minutes on Tracfone and the wifi feature sold me on it. The phone features a 3G connection, wifi connectability, a browser, and e-mail synching.The full blackberry-style keyboard has made texting MUCH faster than a normal clamshell phone. However, the keys are somewhat small and the spacebar frequently glitches and puts in periods if I press it towards the right rather than the left. You can set the keyboard to automatically lock and I've had no problems with it pocket dialing. However, you can still dial 911 while the phone is locked (you press the numbers and it asks you if you want to call SOS).I liked the idea of the e-mail synching on the go but not the execution. Everytime the phone automatically checked my e-mail, I was charged minutes for using the 3G connection. I ended up turning the automatic synching off and I haven't checked my e-mail on it in probably three weeks.For my purposes, the 3G connection is a useless feature. 3G makes sense on my wife's Droid 3 but this phone doesn't have the goods to need a fast connection. I know this is a Tracfone phone but I expected the browser to be better than it is. I hoped against hope that I would be able to watch netflix on the small screen. However, the browser is the same "fake internet" browser you'd get on a clamshell phone except with a faster connection. Many sites are incompatible and surfing is difficult. After checking it out the first couple days I had the phone, I haven't used the browser at all.The wifi makes using the fake internet on the phone fairly fast but I just can't get over how clumsy the browser is.Altogether, I'm happy that the phone has made texting about three times faster for me but disappointed in the internet features that initially interested me in the phone.

Stepping up from a 1 = abc phone this will do the trick for very little money. All the added features all work great and the wi-fi work great. Those that are not to tech savy should download the user manual from Samsung it is very helpful in figureing out the phone. Awesome phone bought one for my wife.

I've had the phone around a month and I really like it.  I read the reviews about the phone dialing 911, but I haven't experienced that problem.  I do have the phone in a case but it does gets thrashed around in my handbag.  Still it hasn't unlocked itself and dialed 911.  The wi-fi is super easy to set up... it detected mine right away.  I also connected while at Burger King, McDonald's, and Corona.  In my opinion, it really is similar to a blackberry.  If you have trouble seeing or texting in general, this may not be the phone for you.  And if you don't plan to use your phone to go online, get a different phone.  But so far, it works great for me.

The phone itself is rather bulky..doesn't fit too well in pockets.  There were no instructions on how to program the telephone. Each attempt I made to set up various accounts resulted in error messages...[consistent] failed connections.  Each time this message comes up, minutes are deducted from my account.

This phone works as expected.  It is an excellent phone for the price.  My only problem is that I have not been able to get the WiFi to work.  It will connect to a wireless server, but I always get the message that I don't have any internet connection.  So far, I have been unable to use the Wifi,  which was the primary reason I had for purchasing it.  The manual for the phone is very inadequate and Tracfone really doesn't provide much more than rudimentary support.  Most of the functions you will have to figure out on your own.  It is costs me more than 300 minutes just trying to figure out the browser.  The browser will work but it eats up minutes like crazy.  So far, I have been unable to browse for free over the Wifi, even though Tracfone advertises that this is one of the features of the phone.

Activated and got a local area code.  The Memo feature is acutely limited in amount of text entry. I tried to port a number and the tech service was dismal.  I had to wait for a new SIM card. On its arrival, I installed and called the 800 service number.  Explaining I had a new SIM card so I could port the number I wanted, I was told they would activate the card and I could go on line to port.  I tried to explain I had gone on line and now needed to port the number before activating the SIM card.  No help what so ever - the very limited English-speaking individual just activate the card and and ended up with an area code 60 miles away, totally different than where I live.  Another call to tech support and I was told the number is the correct area code.  A web search shows it is NOT!  A screaming match with a supervisor was definitely not fruitful.  I'll do without any renewal or any use of this piece of trash before I'll spend more money with this product.  I definitely do NOT recommend this company or product.

After being ripped off by Verizon for years for minimal service I bought this phone. It came with triple minutes and bonus minutes. I have now lowered my bill to about $5 a month for the amount of use I need it for.

I bought this phone because of the great price offered by the seller and I wanted to try a Blackberry like phone. I received this phone in new condition and it was packaging was very good. I have this phone for only a week and still learning how to operate it, did my first text with it today, very easy. I thought using the Qwerty keyboard would be a problem but it worked fine, was crisp and accurate. This phone also has WiFI and found my wireless router easily. I like the triple minutes for Life and this phone is much less the the Tracfone site. For the price grab one of these phones before the price goes up.

This is a great, cheap phone. It has some style and is easy to use. The only thing I don't like is the &#34;Unlock, Okay.&#34; This takes a few moments, but can be deleted.

At the time I bought this I don't think I could have gotten a better phone for Tracphone use. Texting is easy and Wi-Fi is free with hotspots. Still looking into other similar services where I might be able to get a smartphone. I'm not sure Tracphone has a smartphone option just yet.

Cheap phone not to impressed but, the phone is good for the price so i would recommend it to tracfone customers

constantly have message that login has failed when not near phone - text messages have periods whenever  i pause for a secong - called tracfone too no avail - also have trouble signing to my yahoo account would not recomment to anyone

I have had this phone for 4 months.  After 3 months I began having problems using the wi-fi.  I kept seeing that the "maximum number of connections has been reached, delete some."  This was easier said than done.  The long and short of it is that it was impossible to delete previous wi-fi connections.  This meant that the wi-fi was totally unusable on this phone.  I called up Tracfone Support and spent over an hour on the phone, first with a technician, and then with a Customer service manager.  Eventually they agreed to send me a new phone.  It will be interesting to see whether or not the new phone is better/worse/the same as the old one.  After doing some research on the internet about this problem, it seems I am definitely not alone.  There is even a video posted on youtube describing the serious problem with the wi-fi.  I would caution anyone about purchasing this phone.  It appears to be a good phone, but unless you love to spend hours on 1-800 support lines, you might be very disappointed. I have told Samsung Support about this, and they washed their hands of it, even though it appears to me, that they marketed a defective phone.  I want to applaud Tracfone support for taking the time, making the effort, and then doing what was right in order to resolve this problem for me. One other thing I just remembered:  The battery life on this phone is very short.  I found myself charging it every other day, and sometimes everyday, which became quite irritating.  On top of that, there were a few times where the phone was fully charged at night, and the battery was dead in the morning.....not what I would expect from a quality phone.Just thought I would add an update.  After receiving a replacement phone from Tracfone, I have not had any issues with the battery.  The wi-fi seems to be working ok as well.  I've been using the replacement S390g for about 3 months, and can only assume that I received a bad phone when I purchased it from shopcelldeals.  This would make 2 bad phones out of 3 that I purchased from them....hmmmmmmmm.  Buyer beware.

I got this phone for the wide-enough keyboard and once I get used to the funky space bar and shift key semantics that end of it will be completely satisfying. The wifi support is nice, but the limited screen size eliminates any notion of having truly usable access to the Internet. The ringer volume control/vibrate mode semantics (i.e. when pressing the side rocker affects this vs being yet another screen navigation control) are obnoxious.The email configuration options are VERY limited with respect to IMAP, and in particular I can't figure out how to subscribe to my email folders and can only see the messages in my inbox. But I haven't investigated this much and hopefully I'll find a solution. As it is, this phone is a great leap forward from the totally dumb LG I was using earlier.

I ordered this phone to replace my Safelink phone . I had no trouble transferring my number and minutes to this phone . I couldn't call out from my home with old phone . With this S390G phone i have no dropped calls . Reception is very good for where i live . Battery time is great . Some people say the key's are so small . Yes they are but i haven't had any problem typing messages . It is an awesome buy for a Safelink replacement and the triple minutes make it an excellent buy ...

It seems that AT&T towers give you the shaft alot. Its like they know your not an AT&T phone and make you wait before they open up a channel for you. I will have full bars and it will tell me &#34; No Service&#34; and then 10s later it will let me make the phone call. WTF...Going back to Verizon. Waste of money. Tracphone and Straight Talk got me for my money. Lesson learned. You get what you pay for. And with this company. Its unreliable service, not acceptable.

Was going to get this from the grocery store kiosk, saw it on here with Triple minutes for life.  Booya!

Only using this phone a short time but so far really like it. More so like Tracfone service. I am saving a lot of money over the Virgin Mobile phone I had. Don't have the services but I don't miss them either. The sound is clear and the coverage is great. I hope I like this phone and service this much as time goes on. Nice job Samsung and Tracfone.

This cell phone has a spell check default that prevents me from keying a message with actual and proper but uncommon words.

Not sure I'd call this a smartphone. Maybe it 'looks' like a smartphone.I've replaced this phone twice and keep having the same problems. Sending text messages is hit & miss. The phone will say they go out but you may discover that the receiver didn't get them. I sent my fiance 4 text messages on lunch yesterday and she didn't get 1.There's also an issue with wi-fi on this model. If the wi-fi connection requires a password, you may or may not be able to connect. I tried to connect to the wi-fi at Target and when it displayed the terms of use with the box you have to check, the phone would not allow me to check the box. Had the same problem at Lowes. I'm browsing Amazon looking for another phone now. If you buy this model, make sure you can return it.

When initially reviewing this phone, I read very few low ratings, but many high ratings.  After receiving the phone, I was pleased with the QWERTY keypad and the way it works.  It reminds me of my Blackberry keyboard.  However, after many calls with customer service of TRACFONE, my phone still does not work.  I verified on-line with Tracfone before purchase, this phone would work in my area.  First call to Tracfone, they said it would take 1-2 hours.  After waiting overnight, I called customer service back the next day.  This time they said it would take 3-4 days for the phone to activate.  After waiting the required time, I called them back only to find out they needed to send me out a new sim card.  After replacing the old sim card with the one they sent -- my phone still does not work.  Calling them again, revealed the sim card they sent me is not valid in my area.  They will be sending another sim card.I really like this phone for my kids -- if Tracfone can ever get this phone to work.

Great phone.  Love the options for text, contacts, ability to add groups & titles of groups.  Very happy with this phone.  Like the email feature & it was easy to set up.  Was hoping for a CDMA instead of the GSM.  It is still a great phone.

Samsung needs to talk to their engineers, this phone was a waste of money. It unlocks in my pocket, opens the browser and stats using minutes. Most of the features are worthless and the design is awful.

I have had this phone for 3 weeks and have accidentally pocket dialed Emergency Services (911) about 10 times. I even bought a hard case a few days ago and today it still pocket dialed 911. I usually do not know it dials them until they call be back and it rings. It is infuriating. I called Net10 and they are of no help, I talked with their Tech Support engineers and one tech even admitted there are other complaints about this model and there is no solution. NO SOLUTION FOR POCKET DIALING 911There should be a real software lock so that it does not come unlocked. When I randomly hit the keys, to reproduce what happens in my pocket I can make it come up with a prompt, WHILE STILL LOCKED, that says "Call SOS?" and a prompt for "YES" and prompt for "NO.I guess about half the time "YES" is accidentally selected and then it called EMS. WHILE STILL LOCKED!I hate this phone. It is a hassle for me and I feel awful that it has taken time away from EMS 911 Operators to have to call me back. If it happens to me so often it must happen thousands of times a day across the country. It is a drain on our public services.I will get a new Net10 phone (LG) and smash this one so no one else has the same trouble.Oh and another issue, when you hit the space bar it makes a period. To prevent this you have to hit the space bar on the very far left. Very unintuitive.This phone is crap. I have put a hex on the designers.

I bought this.because of the wifi.  It's perfect for a cheap way to surf the internet and eliminate that monthly phone bill.

Generally quite satisfied with phone. Like WI FI feature. One problem, Samsung PC Studio Message Manager not supported by this phone and I like to synch phone records with PC.

Item arrived in advertised time. No problems in having number transferred (happened within 1 hour of request). My only problem is frustration with keypad locking so quickly. Coverage in area is great compared with my 8 years experience with Virgin Mobile USA.So far happy with Tracfone service (in spite of difficulty in understanding agents accent).

I bought this phone 3 months ago it  will not come off the vibrate mode ringtones don't work DO NOY BUY IT

I used to have the basic tracfone and upgraded to this phone.  It makes calls ok and the clarity is better I think.  Texting isn't easy.  The keys are so darn small...and I'm a small woman.  I don't have big fingers.  Anyway, I like the triple minutes.  I haven't been able to get online with  the wifi yet.  Doesn't seem to work for me.

It took 3 days to tranfer my phone number from my old tracfone to this one. Also had some trouble getting wi-fi to work. Once that was done phone works fine.

I'm retired, don't yak on the phone, only have a few calls a week. For me since over ten years now, TracFone in general really rocks... This particular phone is nice and includes messaging. When you first plug it in, charge it continuously without interrupting the circuit for about 8 hours... This type of battery will perform SO much better over its life if you have the patience to do this simple thing... Don't ask me, it's a complicated science thing... Look it up if you want.

Hit any key and the phone lights up while the phone is locked and then hit the 0 button 3 times and select yes it will call 911 from your pocket. Hitting 112 will al so do the same thing.The phone did this three times before I recieved a call from 911 wanting to know if I called. Hit the back button twice from the menu screen and if you dont notice you will be on the web. While texting it likes to put a period when you hit the space bar and yes I made sure that my finger was no where near the period button. No complaints about the seller of the phone.

I purchased this phone to update my old 31/2 yr old phone that I was using. I have straight talk and after 3+ yrs my phone was just not getting a good signal anymore so I thought I'd give this phone a shot. I have to say I really am not crazy for this phone. I was looking for a simple phone. I'm not really into the high tech phones. I am just wanting a simple phone that makes calls and texts. Using the web on my phone isn't a big deal but being able to from time to time is ok. The more I use this phone there are things I like but some things I hate. One big pet pev is that everytime you get a text is the stupid phone shows you how much its deducting from your minutes. It drives me nuts! I do not want to see every deduction of my minutes everytime I use the phone. There is a feature in it that shows that so I can go there to see it if I choose. I think it should not show that until you get to 100 or less minutes on your phone. There is no way to shut it off from showing it. I have looked and looked. Not crazy about the texting either. When I write a text and go to send I type in the persons name and it will not let me send it that way. I have to go in and find them in contacts to add them and then it will send. It's just kinda dumb that I can't type their name and send. These little things drive me nuts. If I could have tried this first I would have not kept this phone. There are better phones. I guess I will have to learn to like it for now because I am not buying another one. I'll deal with it for another 2 or 3 yrs and I will upgrade again. But other than those things, it's not a bad phone. The sound is good and it does have some nice features. I would really like this phone if I could stop seeing the stupid minute deduction everytime I use it!!!

Great phone! It has built in wifi.  You can watch videos from tubidy , it's like YouTube.  Triple minutes seal the deal.

I gave this phone a 4 start instead of a 5 for only one reason ... it does pocket dial. Other than that, it is an awesome little machine that has a lot of great features. I am able to create my own personal ring tones (any .mp3 file that is about 10 seconds long), which is a feature I really like.I got the SanDisk 32GB micro SD card and it works perfectly. I also got the data cable so I was able to transfer all my contacts to my PC in case I ever need to reset the phone I won't have to enter all the contacts in again (software for this phone is available via Samsung.com). I can also pair the phone with my PC via bluetooth and upload photos, music and video directly to the phone.The Music Player works great and I loaded hundreds of songs on the micro SD card via my PC. The phone's library categorizes tracks by album, artist, genre, etc., and you can make your own playlists.The phone itself is nice and clear. I've had great reception so far and have been using the phone for about 3 weeks now. The QWERTY keyboard makes sending txt messages and emails a snap.I set up the wifi to use the phone at home without additional minute charges. Wifi works great! I downloaded the facebook app and Opera mini and use both daily. You can also watch Youtube videos on the phone. I do recommend reading all the reviews here as you will pick up a lot of tips on how to properly use this nice little machine.I highly recommend this to anyone that's looking for an inexpensive way to own a multi-media phone without a monthly bill. The prepaid plan via Tracfone works great for my needs.

Waited a month before writing this review - wanted especially to see if this phone does the "pocket dialing" that all these other reviewers are claiming. Well, it doesn't. I've shook it around in a bag while walking, had it in my front sweats pocket while jogging, and in a clip on holder (4 bucks on ebay) all day while working - no pocket dialing. Though twice the phone did turn itself on for a tracphone message (after adding minutes), it locked within 5 seconds and did not come out of the locked mode until I "unlocked" then "ok'd" the screen.Bought this Samsung s390g refurbished, triple minutes, and came with a 60 minute card - at the Tracfone site for $19.99. Looked like a new phone to me. Have used every function on this cell - all work efficiently without fail so far.Best tracfone I've had - highly recommend.

Very happy with phone. Received it on only a few days after ordering. Buttons are great, not too small for large fingers. It's so nice to have a phone I don't have to tap the screen in order to operate it. Setting up contacts was easy and also personal settings. Best of all, all minutes purchase are tripled with Tracfone. No problem with getting signal with this phone. Not crazy about the 1/4 band at top of home screen, but will live with it. Like the scroll pad, easy to navigate. Weight of phone is perfect!Very happy with phone and happy with my dealings with Amazon.com. Thank you Amazon.com.

9/8-update: I received 3rd (reconditioned) phone with a T-mobile sim card.  The sim card was the problem all along.  I suggest that if you buy this phone try to find a store in your area that sells it, this will prevent having the wrong sim card for your area.  Tracfone had this phone on their website for sell in my zipcode, but apparently it was not loaded with the correct sim card for the T-mobile tower in my area, it took countless techs at Tracfone to figure this out.  My phone is working great now!  But I strongly suggest that you buy NEW vs reconditioned and buy the phone in your local area.8/20-update: I just received the s390g replacement phone and I called customer service to activate it, the rep could not activate the phone and passed me to the supervisor, she said it needed to be replaced!! I was also told by the rep that the browser (data)  will not work in my area code.  I purchased this on Tracfones website and entered my zip code and this phone came up in a list of phones that would work in my area.  To make a long story short, Tracfone is sending me another s390g, the rep guaranteed the next phone would work and she said that I will get extra minutes for my trouble.  I will update.8/14-update:  sorry to say the browser on my phone is not working.  I called tracfone customer service, they are sending me a new phone at no charge. I will keep you updated.  I still really like the phone!  It was a refurbished phone so hopefully the browser on the new phone will work.Tracfone has a online special, you get the reconditioned phone with a 60 minute card (it triples) and free FedEx overnight shipping all for only 19.99!  I received the phone this morning, I called to activate, it is all automated now so you don't have to speak to a rep.  I had my current tracfone number, minutes and service days all transfered within 15 minutes! I think the s390g feels and looks expensive, it has alot of features I have never used before on a phone so it will take me awhile to learn it all.  Very happy so far!!

I was getting a little tired of having such a low-feature phone.  While I rarely used it for more than texting or calling my family or very close friends/colleagues, I realized the benefit of having features like 3G access or a full keyboard when I was travelling or at a store wishing I could check reviews on a product.I did my homework, and decided I liked either this phone or the LG 840g for their wi-fi capabilities.  I've had the 390g for 2 months now, so I feel like I can share a pretty solid pro-con list for those looking to buy.Pros:- The keyboard is great.  Some review complain about issues with pocket dialing, etc.  I have had none.  I just hold down the &#34;lock&#34; key, stick it in my pocket, and go about my day with no worries.- The wifi is pretty easy to use.  I'll admit, I haven't used it a lot, but when I have, it's been pretty easy.  I don't love the browser, but I know I could download a diff't one if I really want to.- The look/menu is very user-friendly.  Easy to make calls, navigate the menu, take pics, and find whatever I need to on the phone.Cons:- The battery.  I work in an office with ZERO reception.  Even Verizon users have spotty reception.  My battery was dying after mild use form me and NO use at work... in about 36 hours!  I've started putting in in Airplane mode at work, which does give me a solid 5-ish days of battery... but I shouldn't have to do that, you know?- The sensitivity of the scroll button is a little hard to get used to.  It's more of a personal preference issue.  I'll adjust my volume then press the scroll button and it's so sensitive that it re-adjusts the volume.  Not going to be a big deal to some...Overall, I kind of miss my t301g.  I think this phone is really close to being great, it's just not quite what I want it to be.

I pull it out and way too often it has switched to browser.Also, it accidentally dials often. If you don't manually lock the keyboard after each call, including the ones you do not answer, it stays unlocked. I no longer carry it in my pocket. I bought a belt case and even that prevents only 75-80% of the problem. As a phone, it works fine otherwise.

I don't know what all the hub-bub is about it pocket dialing. While the keyboard is locked, I bumped it, rubbed it and purposely dialed 911. All that happened was a message saying that the keyboard was locked.Another problem that has been mentioned is that it, for no reason, goes online and people lose minutes. Well, how about changing your email settings so that it does not automatically check every 30 minutes? Also turn off ANY AUTOMATIC ANYTHING!A little common sense folks!I have not had one single problem with this phone. I have used the keyboard - no problems - not even with the space bar. I have connected to my wi-fi - no problems. I have set up my voicemail - no problems. I have added minutes and they did triple upon receipt.The one thing that I did not know was that all calls require the area code. I tried calling my Verizon phone (that I am canceling) and it would not call it without the area code. Hmmmmm.....Instead of paying Verizon $50+ a month for just calls, now it's $20 every 3 months. I will probably get a yearly card the next time I need minutes. You can't beat triple minutes - at this time, anyway. I was wasting money every month for minutes that I lost because there is no roll-over with Verizon. Now I'm saving HUNDREDS!Great phone and service thru TracFone.

I was looking for a triple minute deal with Tracfone, this was not the phone I was searching for. After 4 or 5 stores, and not finding what I wanted, I settled on this triple minute phone. I'm a light to medium texter and caller. I was looking for the new non android touch screen with triple minutes.I was with a different prepaid company. It was a great prepaid company. 2c per text, 5c per minute of talk. No data plan, but it allowed you to use your wifi on a smartphone. Although it was an entry level smartphone, it was an android 2.2 which at the time, to me, was great. It served my purpose. Be able to use home wifi with a prepaid phone. Pretty non existent these days. I broke it, so I had to get something.The previous prepaid plan would allow you to buy at the least $10 worth of minutes, but only lasted for 60 access days.Anyways, I settled for this Tracfone prepaid triple minute phone. I transferred my number from the previous company. NO problem. In fact, it was the quickest transfer I'd ever experienced. Was my old prepaid heartbroken that I was leaving them? Hell no, I think not. I think they were happy to be rid of this old head. Seriously, I think their goal is to get customers on their unlimited monthly android plans.So, the transfer was seamless. 2 hours, to 48 hours? Noooo. It was about an hour!  When I went to add the tracfone minutes, I did NOT get triple minutes. I had to do what I dreaded most in this lifetime: Call a wireless prepaid phone company to deal with a customer service associate. As I waited for a live operator, beads of sweat were forming on my forehead and upper lip, and my hands were shaking a little bit. After about 10 minutes of waiting, I get a pretty polite person on the other end. Outsourced, maybe. I cannot be sure. The young man was doing his damned-ess to speak perfect english, and so he did. I told him I didn't get my triple minutes, and that's what the phone package said. GET TRIPLE minutes for the life of this phone. Otherwise, what's the point of NOT getting triple minutes? Just wasteful, unless you have bills to burn.So, after about 15 minutes on the phone with CS, everything is corrected, the minutes are righted, and I should not have this problem again. That part of the deal was taken care of. I'm hoping that I won't have to go through this again the next time I need to add minutes.As for this particular phone... It is definitely touchy. I keep it in a purse pocket as to not dial 911 accidentally. It is somewhat like a newborn blackberry. Whiny, and poops on you every now and then.The screen is small compared to an android, but it does actually play Youtube videos and has flash. It has built in wifi, and 3g speed. It is not an android. It is not an android. P.S. the video quality is sub-standard, but in a pinch, it does play the videos. The wifi is fairly fast. The phone signal is good. The camera isn't bad at all, and neither is the video recorder. It all does in a pinch.It has built in Mp3 player, and says it can take up to 16GB memory card. I have a 32GB memory card in it, and haven't had any problemsOopsie edit: I have a 16GB micro SD card installed. BRAIN FART... Sorry for the misinformation.I have a ton of music on it, and the sound is pretty decent for a cheaper phone. With built in bluetooth, it is seemless in streaming music to a wireless bluetooth speaker. Always a plus.I do not miss the virtual text keyboard from the old android, therefore I like having the qwerty keyboard again.All in all, this is a good basic feature phone with a good signal. I hope to have continued luck with it in the not so distant future. Of course, deep down in our hearts, we ALL would love an IPHONE, but until then, this will work for me.All in all, this Tracfone turns out to actually be about $7 a month, which meets my needs for now.

Edit: 12/4/2013 -- There is a way to turn off predictive text when you create a message, under options.  You want multitap.  The space bar, however, appears to be defective on these, triggering the period key, too.Edit: 11/30/2012 -- Darn.  This phone has been repeatedly calling international emergency numbers (000, 112, etc) while in my pocket.  Apparently these cell phones are designed to allow all universal emergency numbers to be dialed by the keypad even when they are locked.  Only if they are completely shut off (tedius to do), the battery out, or the keypad covered in some way (a flip phone) will that not happen when in a pocket.  Last night it did this repeatedly and the sheriff's office called to make sure everything was o.k.  It looks like another law enforcement person also called later in the evening to confirm everything was fine.  I won't be using this phone again until I can get a slip-on hard case to prevent that.  I need to knock off more stars for this reason until it can be resolved.  It's too bad there isn't a slide-down cover or something on it.Original Review:  Wifi that does work, though with limited use on such a small screen.  Good connectivity with a computer.  Good sound, though for music playback it only supports MP3.  WAV, AIFF, FLAC, and OGG support would be nice.  Full keypad.  Micro SD card has its own little slot instead of being behind the battery.  Uses the same adapters as the LG 800G.  Menu is a little clunky and the center cursor control is a overly sensitive, but there are some shortcuts on the keypad I think I just need to get used to.  I have a minor issue where it seems the space key adds periods when I'm texting, but I'm not sure if that's a physical defect, intentional in the software, or a glitch.  It only happens when texting.  Otherwise I'm very happy with this phone.  If things change, I'll edit this.  This is the best Tracfone I've had.

I cant start to explain how much I hate this phone. The wifi is good on it and the screen is okay. However, when its in your pocket the buttons dial and for some reason if you hold the camera button down too long it calls the cops. This darn thing has got me in to much trouble. I would not buy this phone again.

The keyboard helps texting and wifi saves onchecking but the bluetooth can't with headsetand the browser can't open my websites. Iguess a smartphone or tablet is next.

Oh my gosh, I hate this phone, but love the keyboard on it.  Email will not set up no matter what I do and it puts a semi-colon whenever you try and use email.  I can't get Facebook on it.  Anytime I use GerJar, it always says phone not recognized or page won't load.  I think this is a java phone?  I'm not sure, but if anyone knows, can you please comment?I bought this from Wal-Mart at a much higher price and use Straight Talk, which I've used for several years now.  At 49 a month with unlimited text, talk, and internet, it works for me.I've ordered a 16GB card for it, but now wondering if I should cancel it because it seems useless when I can't do anything with this phone.  I bought a hard case cover here on Amazon for it, which I love.I haven't carried it in my purse yet, so will see if the keyboard does anything, but seriously thinking of switching back to my droid phone where everything is easy to use, except the virtual keyboard which when you have to type in extensions, the keyboard won't stay open to do that.I've read through reviews and many were helpful, but not sure about this phone at all.

To date it has not placed any surprise 911 calls. Initial impression is favorableexcept for Memo function. Memo are limited to 100 characters. I use this functionto record all sorts of information. I keep shopping lists on it. Now I have to break thelists into different sections and on separate memos. An unexpected inconvenience.

It definately was worth the price I paid for it. I would recommend it to anyone. and it did get here quickly...

I've been a Tracfone customer for over 8 years...Tracfone is all my whole family uses.  Got this phone for my daughter...who is 10 by the way.  She always kept her old phone in her bookbag to make calls on the bus to me here at the house...she got this.. and I'm here to tell you, she had the WiFi set up in like 3 minutes.  I just don't see how so many people are complaining about WiFi when my 10 year old had it done in no time.  Anyhow, she likes to text me while on the bus, even more so now with this phone with the keyboard...so, it was time for me to get a better phone..so I got me one of these phones as well.  Took less than 5 minutes to switch my number and remaining time from my old phone to this one using Tracfones website.  I set my WiFi up less than 5 minutes.  Like other have stated, the screen is a bit small for doing a lot of Web Browsing..but you can do it.  This phone loads and switches pages faster than any Tracfone I've had yet.  We usually update our phones yearly.Like at the beginning of my post said, my daughter keeps her phone in her book bag..that's with books being thrown in there with it, water bottles and so on.  She has NEVER had this phone dial 911 like other people are saying.  Not saying it's not happening to other, but just hasn't to her.We live out in the sticks...when I say that, I'm not kidding.  25 miles to the nearest Walmart or any Grocery store.  We are out in the country...but this phone has GREAT service!  Not a dropped call yet.  The phone has great volume.Haven't downloaded any music/ringtones to it yet..because I'm not for sure where to get free ringtones at??  Tracfone is wanting way too many minutes for a small ringtone file..has anyone found a place to download free ring tones? If so, comment and let me know.I did find a Jelly Silicone case for this phone.  If you'll do an Amazon search for Samsung R390...that's  the one.  I looked at pics here online and they looked just about the same..so took my chances and ordered it..was less than 3.60 and that included S&H.;  Got it in yesterday...it fits PERFECT!  Only downside is that the Camera is just a bit over on this phone...so the whole in the back of the case for the Camera didn't match up with the camera on this phone.  I don't use the camera much, so not a biggie for me..and when I need to, you can pull down the case and take a pic in one second.So...all in all, this is a great phone for the money.  When my phone came in the mail..I ordered it through the TF website...it came with a FREE 15.00 gift card for gas  AND and 10.00 gift card for "lunch on us"  got to choose between like 30 different restaurants..PLUS, When I activated it, they gave me 25 free minutes...so I ended up getting this phone for about 20 bucks.  Even if I hadn't gotten those GC, the phone is still well worth the money.

I have this phone for 6 months now and I have no problem specially when it comes to cellphone bill not until last night, my inbox mgs font size 10 became too small like size 2.  Seriously, I can't read it. I called tracfone they told me they cant do anything anymore after few attempts.  I went online and typed how to make my mgs font readable again. OMG! It worked!  alt + vol (up on the side).  I hope this will help others too.  I'm hoping I can use this phone for longer time.

keyboard is a bit smaller than i thought it would be.  May be better when I get used to it.

I gotta say that I love this phone, me and my husband have been with sprint for going on 10 years and quite frankly I'm so sick of paying a bill every month! I did our annual calculations of what and how we could save over half of what we're paying with sprint and come down to one carrier=TRACFONE! This phone is a triple minute phone so that's an extra added bonus,(we plan on paying for the yearly service on these phones), I recently terminated one of our lines since I bought my daughter a tracfone last November due to the fact that she barely ever used the phone I was paying $10 a month for! Now were down to $5 bucks a month for her cellphone usage she always has minutes when I add another card to her line, I gotta say I ported her number over by phone(customer service) and they had her number ported in less then 5 minutes(with the same sim card)! Excellent customer service I can add! Me and my hubby haven't set up our lines just yet(with the number port) just yet we have another month or so to go but at this point the WiFi and email are already set up on my Samsung and I can still check my email on any WiFi spot that's available for FREE! Even without the phone even activated! With my current phone I cant even do that! All in all this phone is very simple to use, tons of features and the WiFi makes it even more then worth it! The only minor issue is that it takes a little(and I mean little) while to get used to the track-pad(the home key)but other then that this phone is an excellent phone that's why I gave it 5 stars! NO complaints here!

the first thing about the phone that caught my eye was it is the same size as an ipod touch, a bit thicker but same length and height. i haven't even activated the phone but was able to browse the web on wifi. many websites will be shown as the mobile version if the site has a mobile version. if not then the site will probably be to large and not display properly. youtube.com works surprisingly well actually. i did notice that the space button does press twice when pressed in the center but just press the left or the right. the buttons did seem a bit small for me. the touch pad in the center is like a touch screen. i would say it is close to a laser mouse as it does not take much to scroll around. if you were to accidentally rub your phone against you while watching a video, the volume might shoot up or mute. by the way you can control the volume when watching a video by scrolling up/down. the volume button on the side is still an option. the camera is only 2 mp and is okay if you have good lighting conditions, but if you don't have sufficient light then you will be frustrated. the camera does not have flash. it wouldn't kill samsung to include a flash in the phone or at least make the mega pixels amount bigger. the camcorder is okay as well. by the way the camera has more than a few options to edit a photo taken by the camera. if you import any picture or even video (you can't edit video, don't be surprised.) that has a higher resolution than the phone, then you cannot view it. same with web browsing. the speaker is very loud. louder than i had ever expected. speaker is in the back next to the lens and doesn't use the speaker for listening to a call. another thing that might have been a good idea is to light up the soft keys and the send/end buttons. not a big deal but definitely would be helpful. people say that the phone calls 911 or that the phone is unlocked by sitting in your pocket. i don't have this problem but you could also put a password on it to prevent it from happening in the first place. i doubt that you can but dial the password. another little inconvenience of the phone is that there is no button to turn the phone off. you can only turn the phone off if you are at the main screen with your wallpaper and hold the ALT LOCK button at the very right bottom corner. otherwise you have to wait 'til the screen times out. battery usage does depend on use. it can last me about a 5-day week being idle with some texting (remember i haven't activated my phone) and 1 day if i watch videos all day for about a few hours. the wifi being left on and idle will carry you through the 5-day week. one thing that is odd is that i try to find this particular phone on the tracfone website and most of the time i can't find it again as i found this phone the first time on the site. only when i put in the serial number i could find it when i tried transferring numbers and service to this phone from my old flip phone. the only reason i haven't activated the phone is because during the process some how i made it so both phones are inactive and i can only transfer numbers and service if one of them are active. as both are inactive, it leaves me dead in the water unable to do anything. i have contacted tracfone about the issue via e-mail and await a response. 'til now i would say i am more than pleased and i am sure that the triple minutes will only add to my savings. I'm another 16 year old and can't comprehend the difficulties others have with this phone. set-up is actually easy.

I just received this Samsung S390G, but have not yet activated it because I still have minutes left on my Straight Talk phone. However, I have been online with this new phone throughout the day via my home WiFi connection, and I am very pleased so far. I've watched YouTube videos, set up and read my e-mail, looked up baseball scores...All has worked like a charm without having used any minutes whatsoever. So the WiFi feature alone makes this a very cost-effective phone. It's been great to be able to test the phone in these ways, and I'm looking forward to when I port my current number and can fully use it.

I thought if I bought a cover for this, the problem of it &#34;pocket dialing&#34; would be solved.  I was wrong!  Even in the case, this phone dials.  I can't even count how many times it has dialed 911.  I feel horrible for wasting the dispatcher's time and worry over this.I can't even comment about anything good with this phone because the fact that it dials emergency over and over again outweighs any positive that the phone could have.I am returning it asap.  Please, don't waste your time/money on it like I did!

my first experience with semi smart phone,so far I like it, it seems well made,and good reception, well worth the money.very good service from amazon, good follow-up on order.joe

This phone has everything I need. It has been very useful, but sometimes there are moments (very rare but it happens) where it spazzes and it won't seem to take any calls or texts, and I don't notice until it's too late. Also sometimes (a little more common) it won't scroll to the side, only up or down. One more problem is that I have sometimes butt dialed, or butt internetted (which makes me lose minutes until I notice), but that's not a fault it's just that butt dialing is pretty easy with this phone. But to fix all this (except the butt dialing), I just turn off and turn back on the phone. Really, they're not that common, so don't worry about it. It's a simple fix any way. And small problems like these seem to happen to all of the tracfone phones I've ever had. But with this phone, it has happened the least. So it's one of the reasons why this one is my favorite tracfone so far. I'm still thinking of getting a new one though, to experiment with other tracfones (see if I can find the perfect one). But I'm totally gonna miss this one. XD

Needed a better way to text. My old phone forced me to use the telephone keys to text. Very slow and frustrating. More people were texting us, so, for a very low price, we could move up to faster and easier texting. With Tracfone's triple minutes for life plan, we pay less than $250 a year for two phones, all the minutes we need, and texting. Not bad!! Having said that, we each only average less than four hours of talk/text time a month.I do miss some of the touch screen usability on my old phone. But, this Samsung is still very user friendly. The Autolock feature seems to be sporadic and I have made a few &#34;butt&#34; calls unintentionally. Probably operator error.Bottom line. Great phone, great features, very durable, easy to use, great Tracfone service and very affordable.

Love this . It is the best I have had . I like that I can do my emails . You do need a router or hot spot if at a eatery or you can loose alot of minutes . I can do what an expensive phone can do & did not spend alot or have a contract .

Ok so this is a replacement for my first S390G which after 2 weeks would no longer connect via the browser, but everything else worked. I did every step and then some that Tracfone had me go through [again & again.............]. So if you have ever dealt with what passes for tech support with Tracfone. So my situation is i am my elderly mothers caregiver and i do not have time to jump through Tracfones hoops so i just got another one and it works fine. What i like about this phone is the wi-fi works and it gets decent battery life and it gets better reception than any other phone i have owned and since i live in the middle of nowhere where most phones do not work well if they work at all so if i were rating it on reception alone it would be a 5. So here is the bad first off this phone has an optical puck / button for navigation that can be a little hard to control and the buttons could be better, but i have large hands & fingers. the phone has a weak speaker , but the headphone jack gives clear sound and while the mp3 player works and is far better than some other phones i have had and has a bad quirk in that if you are browsing songs and open a folder or album that has only 1 song if you dont back out quick it automatically plays it which when you are just trying to browse and or build playlists can be quite a pain and if you put it in your pocket before the screen locks the optical puck is going to crank the sound. I have not had any problems with phantom dialing like some people have reported as it has been my experience that when the screen locks it in fact stays locked until you unlock it. Only one otjher thing i dislike about the phone is when it is switched on it has to  scan the 32gb sdhc class4 card and until it takes 1-2 min to do that [because i have it 3/4 full] it will do nothing else and as i have not gotten a class10 to use with it yet i do not know how much faster the process can go. For a cheap phone for me at least it has been worth the trouble and until Tracfone offers a better deal or it dies i will stick with it.

I don't like the slide select button. It is too easy to change screen. I put phone in case, and when i take it out it is on the web page asking if i want to exit browser or not. i would prefer it to stay on the menu page.

I have had this phone for about a month and love it.  I had zero problems with activation or wi-fi set up.  I switched from another prepaid phone with a touch screen, I couldn't take having to type words using a numerical keypad anymore, love the QWERTY keypad.Wi-fi is really fast, but it does eat up the minutes so I would keep an eye on usage if you are trying to budget minutes and money.  Excellent battery life, in the month I've had it I have only charged it twice, and it wasn't completely dead either time.It would have been nice to include a couple of mindless games but there are no apps included, you will have to buy everything.

This phone is quite nice and easy to use. Connected to wifi with out any problems and for the first tracfone with wifi it is considerably fast. The wifi connection doesn't seem to go in and out like other prepaid phones I have seen. All in all this is a very good phone for the price.

If you want to travel with a cell phone, don't get this. The slightest bumps will call 911. I've had too many conversations with the 911 operators telling me to make sure I lock my phone, because with this phone, you can't. I'm actually thinking of going back to a flip phone because of this phone. Not worth the $50.

For the first day I was pleased with this phone. Solid feel, nice keyboard, lots of features.But the very first evening I took it out of my pocket and it was asking &#34;Call SOS?&#34;. Luckily(?) I had no service there, so it didn't complete the call. I looked online and it turned out that lots of people have this problem with the phone. Pressing &#34;911&#34; does it, even if the phone is locked. So does &#34;000&#34; and &#34;112&#34;, thus covering their bases. The FCC apparently has a requirement that any idiot be able to pick the phone up off the road at the scene of an accident and make an emergency call even if the phone is locked, but the result for this phone is a disaster. It is not an exaggeration to say that EVERY time I put it in my pocket even briefly, it gets to the &#34;Call SOS Y/N&#34; stage or worse, I hear the 911 operator from my pocket. (Perhaps my pocket is very scary, so the phone calls 911?)  In desperation I started carrying it around in a plastic Chinese takeout container, which was safe but not very convenient. Then I accidentally ran over it with a car, and although the container was utterly destroyed, the phone had no apparent damage at all! Very solid!The 911 pocket dialing is the worst, but with the possible exception of the e-mail, everything else about the software is terrible also. Did the developers not try this thing out for even a day before they put it on the market? Here are a few of the other problems:1) Doesn't tell you who the text messages are from until you read them. So I have to click on them to see that they are spam. Worse, there doesn't seem to be any way to block text messages from spam numbers. They have slowed a bit now, but for a while I was getting 5 or 10 a day.2) The browser button is on the front screen, right where you can click it every time you unlock the screen. That way you can click it as you put it away, and it can suck down hundreds of minutes while in your pocket or purse. Some of the stuff on this phone is just stupid, but this &#34;bug&#34; is clearly malicious. My LG 800g did something similar. I can't say I ever tried out the browser, but if it's like the 800g's version it's completely useless - it's only purpose was to drain your minutes while you weren't watching.3) It occasionally forgets my contacts, and just shows the numbers.4) It plays music nicely over bluetooth, but then the phone crashes. After some messing around it would restart, but the battery would be totally dead. (When working properly, the battery life is actually very good, up to two weeks.)5) The calculator wants you to use the mini touch pad to select operations, thus rendering it useless.6) The mini-touchpad built into the center button is barely usable, and the scrolling software for it is abysmal. Trying to find a particular message in my inbox was impossible if there were more than a couple, so I had to empty it out all the time.7) Taking a picture requires several menus, button clicks, etc., so by the time you have it ready your subject is gone.8) Another stupid feature: pressing the center of the space bar gives you a space, period, and capital letter. Pressing one or the other sides gives you the normal space. Even once I figured this out, I still had to backspace dozens of times to clean it up when I hit the button wrong.9) A smaller annoyance, but the T9 touchpad doesn't show the associated letters (ABC = 1, etc.) They could easily have set it up so pushing the letters while dialing gave the proper numbers, but they didn't. So it's hard to dial a phone number given as letters.10) Rings when the battery gets low. This should be an adjustable option. I don't want to hear about it when I'm trying to sleep.11) How to dismiss the voicemail/missed calls/text message notification without checking them is not clear. They keep popping up when I'm trying to do something else.12) The on-screen labels for the buttons are lined up over the wrong ones. Until you figure it out, it looks like you're supposed to push the outer pair of buttons, but actually the labels refer to the more central pair.13) Even aside from the emergency dialing problem, the screen locking is inadequate. You can add a security code, but it only requests it on startup and a few other things like some multiple deletes. And of course you don't have to enter the security code for 911, or the screen unlock sequence.So this is the last TracFone for me, what awful phones. I'm

I have been using this for a couple of months so far. Who doesn't love the fact that it triples minutes you buy? GREAT battery longevity - I don't have to charge it for at least a few days, with a few calls made or received. This is NOT a smart phone and I would recommend this phone for those use a cell phone for calling and texting alone (I don't net surf  on this device at all.) One feature it's missing I wish it had is the function to block unwanted calls - but this phone shows how many times you previously received calls from the same number so I simply ignore them.

its locking system seems good, but i have had it turn on in my pocket too many times.  phone itself seems to work well

I bought it because it had wi-fi capabilities, the only inexpensive phone out there at the time that had the feature without having to use a plan.  The screen is small for using it this way though, but it performs great in all it's other functions.

The phone works well but the touch sensitive toggle is very sensitive.  I will open a text message and when I go to reply, I have accidentally toggled to another text and almost respond to the wrong text.  So far I have caught it when it almost sends to the wrong person.

I really like the features of this phone except for one.  No matter how hard I try NOT to go on the browser, I seem to end up there several  times throught the week from a &#34;locked&#34; position. I try not to carry the phone in my back pocket because I usually pull it out of my pocket to discover that I have been on the browser for several minutes.  I had it in my jacket pocket a couple of times when it happeded as well.  It must be just the right sequence of bumps that sends it to the internet.  I would love this phone except for that feature. All in all it is a great deal & what a deal with the tripple minutes!

the phone wakes up from the sleep mode by it self & the screen says ( login failed )& then charges me minutes. it does this about every 1 or 2 hours 24 hour a day. i called the service number & the girl ( India ) kept saying that it is not possible for it to do this & that someone is loging it in. she told me to leave it over nite & not touch it & call them back the next day. i told her that i have been doing that every nite since i've had the phone & it still does it. I ask to speak to some one else & she refused so i just hung up on her. As soon as i've used up my minutes this long time trac phone user will go to Verizon.  9-30-2013.

Great phone. Easy to use with good features. The triple minutes is a bonus! It is exactly what I needed without a contract.

I bought this for my son because I was tired of him complaining I was using up his minutes when I called.  He said it is the best gift he ever got.  When he called me with it I could not believe how clear the reception was from a cell phone!  I spent 2 days researching Tracfones because they are the cheapest pay as you go option and this one had the best ratings plus it is a great price compared to what you would pay in a store.

I purchased 2 of these phones, 1 for my wife and 1 for me. Right away my wife's phone called 911 on its own while inside her purse. I thought it may have been a fluke, but a few days later my phone called 911. Both times we were unaware of what was happening until the 911 operator called back. It has happened again to both of us even though we've been extremely careful with the phone. Many times I have looked at the screen of my phone before making a call and the message "call sos?" will be displayed. We like every thing else about this phone, but this one con totally outweighs every pro I could list. I have searched online for fixes, but only found complaints. Samsung's website locks up every time I go into it. I couldn't even review the phone on their website. Beware, if you purchase this phone you will hate it.

I was looking for a phone that was going to be easy to use, because several people would be using it.  The phone needed keys that were easy to press and a menu easy to maneuver around.  The price of the unit was a bonus.

This phone has been a wonderful tool. You can text, go on line, check email, record video, connect with wifi and bluetooth. I have not had any problems with it since I got it.

So, the thumb keyboard is nice to have for writing text messages. That's the biggest benefit of this phone. If you do a lot of texting but don't need the processing power of a smartphone, this might be a good choice for you--except for its tragic flaws.Although it looks kind of like a smartphone, it's really just an ordinary candy bar phone with a better keyboard, and the ability to hook to wifi so you don't burn your minutes browsing the web over its pitiful built-in browser. Note that although Gmail is on the bookmarks menu of the built-in browser, you can't actually load it. Install the mobile version of Opera, it works much better. And the mobile Facebook application you can get for this phone is surprisingly good--the only downloadable app I actually ended up using very much apart from Opera.That being said, the phone has a couple of major drawbacks. One, as many other reviews have noted, is the unfortunate tendency to butt-dial or pocket-dial 911 EVEN WHEN THE KEYS ARE LOCKED. If you punch 000 or 112 or perhaps some other keyboard combinations, even through lock, it will ask you if you want to dial 911. And if you then mash the enter key, it will dial it. I got called back by 911 a couple of times while this phone rode in my pocket. It's really embarrassing to be asked if you're under duress when you tell them it was an accident! And even turning it off isn't necessarily any protection--I've had this phone TURN ITSELF ON in my pocket before.The other big problem I noticed is minor by comparison, but still annoying. When you call a number that asks you to spell something out using the letters that are normally affixed to phone number buttons, there's no way to know how to do it--these buttons aren't labeled with the right letters. If there's some way to call up on the screen what letters correspond to what numbers, I don't know what it is.If you're going to text or email a lot, and plan to keep this phone somewhere OTHER than a pocket, this phone could be useful. If not, you'd probably be best off going with something else.

The center nav key is hard to use. You navigate by sliding you finger over the key. You then press on it to make your selection.I had to concentrate and hold my hand perfectly still, otherwise it would move to another selection.This was frustrating on all fronts but particularly when selecting names from the phone book. More than once I called the wrong person because the selection would move just as I was pressing the key.It's a workable phone but when compared to all the other choices out there, this one rates poorly.

Got this for my not so technologically savvy mother.  She loves it.  I love that she loves it.  Only thing is with her old tracphone she got free incoming texts but is charged for texts with that phone.  The fact that this comes with triple minutes for life makes it a bit better of a deal, but we haven't loaded it with minutes yet so we will see.  She also says the battery doesn't have much life, which is ridiculous as she only uses it for the occasional text or emergency phone call, nothing like browsing the internet or making lots of calls.
